almost half a million foreign students
many from Asia choose to study in
Australia it's the country's third
largest export industry worth nearly 18
billion dollars a year but Australia's
reputation as a safe and sunny place to
study is under threat after widespread
reports of rape
I'm Steve Chow on this episode of one
one East we investigate how foreign
students have become prey on Australian
campuses
it's the start of the university year
orientation week also known as a week is
in full swing along with free ice cream
in the Summer Sun there are first day
jitters and high expectations Australia
welcomes students from overseas gladly
they pay full fees and are worth
billions to the economy the majority
come from China and India you are the
journey and the destination your destiny
face hopes and dreams you're the cure
for cancer the mission to Mars
but there are some parts of campus life
that aren't shown in the promo videos
Australian universities are facing a
crisis over an abusive culture bolstered
by excessive drinking and degrading
college initiation rituals it's a
culture that's been linked to a shocking
level of sexual harassment and assaults
of students but most international
students are too scared and too ashamed
to speak up if they'd be targeted no one
cares about us it's a shameful thing for
us and now it's gonna be more shameful
to talk about it there's so much stigma
around it and sometimes when you say it
out loud it makes it real that is not
your fault
I think it's gonna take you some time to
believe that it's been two years since
Lou moved from China to Canberra
Australia's capital and home of the
prestigious Australian National
University I'm doing biotech and arts
and major in biology and sociology she
was prepared for her intense double
degree but knew little about Australia
Oh major why everyone's really tall and
I don't know barbeque Lou decided to
live on campus in student accommodation
she admits she was totally unprepared
for the social culture she found herself
in it's really different party
especially drinking from me from my
culture is really different
how a party how are you just hanging out
and make friends one night a friend of
Lou's housemate followed her back to her
room so I forgot something in my room I
need to go back and get it the guy won't
even come near say you want to see the
bed want a drink or something you're
just lying on the bed straight away
I say hey what are you doing I tried to
pull him up and that's why it happened I
got pushed on the bat and they got me
he keeps saying I'll get what I want
trade which for help didn't work I
couldn't move only scream and when he's
covering my mouth I couldn't scream what
country was the man who did this from
he's from Australia he's from Canada
building Australia's will be like go for
it and you know they like to be alpha
especially young guys
Lu's fellow international students told
her not to go to the police what we
thought back to this Australian law only
protect us trillions and if we report
things of this they probably think we're
causing trouble for them
and we probably get deported can finish
our school it's a shameful thing for us
it's it's the thing you want we won't
ever and tell your parents it is just
possible to hide it but you don't want
to upset them of course you're spending
their money and coming this far away
because study and you got Rick is
disgrace Lou went to counseling but felt
abandoned when her counselor left after
one session she didn't go back at her
university housing she switched rooms
but still felt unsafe nightmare is
really difficult cause you can't avoid
them it just coming you live the normal
daytime at my hearing of sleep it just
comes
yeah eventually she did go to the police
but at police moment I think she's
trying to come for me she said don't
worry is definitely not your fault but
next time just be careful I need to be
careful next time
so what's next time and what what will
do mean be careful Lu felt shamed and
alone she never pressed charges she says
she still sees the man who raped her on
the street I wish I could have correct
advice I wish I could have been more
information about what the English and
the students do it's really acceptable
and it's a huge problem
last year Australia's Human Rights
Commission conducted a nationwide survey
it revealed that the number of students
sexually assaulted each week in a
university setting would fill this
lecture theatre 30 per day every day one
in five of them were international
students they considered to be soft
targets and I think they're considered
to be soft targets because they don't
know where to go to get help
alisyn quillo
oversees an outreach program in
melbourne to educate international
students about sexual health she says
after suffering sexual assault students
will rarely go to the police
international students just won't report
sexual assault in general I've never met
one that is never reported it and I
think you know number one fear is
definitely the ramifications it could
have on their visa
fear of the authorities language
barriers and confusion about Australia's
legal and medical services contribute to
their continued silence over several
months alison has been helping me to
build trust with a group of
international students and former
students who mentor them today we're
meeting for a candid conversation about
their experiences in Australia for some
sex is a taboo subject in their home
countries and Australia's permissive
culture there's been a shock not even
with your very best friends basic sex
education is something they might have
encountered for the first time in
Australia I do have a voice you know I
have the place to say yes or no which is
something that you don't learn about in
Sri Lanka at all contraceptives
obviously Allison says lacking that kind
of knowledge puts them at risk they're
not here just for the lecture they're
here for the Australian experience and
if you're saying sexual assault is part
of it that's quite harrowing there's a
huge association with alcohol and then
with alcohol then sex and there's a lot
of bravado that over-the-top masculinity
they'll broke you and I'll touch you and
they'll say all the stuff about how to
love dark girls or things like that and
it's just like would you say that to
anyone else
they were like oh look at the skin on
her and you know kissed me on my hand
because I was brown visibly Brown not
white and it wasn't like he was
addressing me as a person once I was
done him with Australian guy and he
started touching my butt and stuff and I
said like dude why are you doing oh well
like your your your Latin that's what
you like and just you agree to dance
with me so
that's why we feel so uncomfortable
bringing up issues that something has
happened to us because we can't trust
anyone talk of casual sexual harassment
soon turns to more serious incidents I
remember when something happened to me
and then I mash I just happened to be
answering a survey and then they got
back to me and they said like this is
concerning like what you wrote here do
you want to talk to us about that so I
agreed to talk to someone they said like
we can go with you to the police and if
you report it it's not gonna be against
you your visa won't be affected like I
still wasn't ready so they just referred
me to a counselor and to the doctors cuz
something that was it all that was
happening yeah and then yeah cuz there's
so much stigma around it and sometimes
when you say it out loud it makes it
real she says despite her University's
help she didn't feel she had the support
she needed even if you do everything to
just be safe on your own other people
will always make you feel like you
didn't do enough to protect yourself
more than anything she fee is telling
her parents I know that if I thought my
parents that this happened to me will
force me to go home and I don't want
that and it's just so much easier to
worry it all in because
if you're in one of those situations and
that's something the others relate to
and if something happens to you it does
feel like it's your fault because your
whole life there's this other part of
your culture that's been saying don't
dress like that don't behave like that
don't be Western like that or else
that'll happen to you so then when it
does happen to you you're like oh well
it's my fault and then you can't be open
with your family and like turn to them
for support because they don't see it
that way at all and they might even yet
be like actually ashamed of you in the
following days I meet up with G for a
more in-depth talk she's struggling with
something that happened several years
ago just weeks after she arrived from
India you do tend to blame yourself like
you didn't want it so you could have
been more clear but you know you try to
be clear is it clear enough you know
it's such a gray area that it's hard to
even think about you know coming out
with it and reporting in
she met a guy in her class she could
tell he was interested in her and even
though she wasn't interested in him as a
boyfriend she agreed to see him several
times as friends in the context of me
feeling isolated and lonely and really
not knowing anybody I really liked it
stress would but that feels like not
knowing a single person anywhere around
you
one night they'd been drinking he walked
her home then took advantage of her
drunken state it's like how much do you
say no right
you can't continue saying no no no no no
and when someone doesn't hear it you're
like well what's happening you don't
know how you're negotiating those
boundaries anymore if you're constantly
saying no to somebody and they're still
pursuing you do you feel like you ever
gave consent to him did I say the words
yes no I didn't say yes to him I'd blame
myself I told myself that I wasn't
controlled even if I was drunk and that
I could have done better it's not your
fault I think it's gonna take you some
time to believe that wait one of two
single sex male colleges at the
University of Queensland a lack of
understanding around consent is common
among all students women and men alike
the traditional rapist jumps out from
behind the bush in a big trench coat but
that's not what the real rapist actually
looks like he looks like someone that
these young women can trust and whom
they've confided in tiller goner had a
few beers with in whom with whom had
gone back to a bedroom with perhaps who
have been prepared to go so far but
that's as far as I want to go and the
answer is either verbal no on or on
nonverbal cue no in the city of Brisbane
I meet up with Stephen Foley he's head
of simply owes one of the oldest and
most prestigious all-male colleges at
the University of Queensland we realized
that we we were part of the problem you
know we we had young men here at the
college for whom we needed to assist
finding a new normal we have had
behaviors in the past here that when I
arrived four years ago I was appalled
and shocked to see a range of them in
that spectrum of things we've addressed
Falls this respect for women
respectful treatment of women and we're
on route to achieving better he's made
some controversial changes at the
college like restricting the
availability of alcohol and banning
degrading initiation rituals we say
where we're producing students who go on
and do great things because they've been
instilled with a wonderful set of values
and principles but they're sliding on
the floor in their own vomit somehow
those two things don't quite gel so we
need to be truthful about what it is
that we're looking at and call it what
it is and feel good afternoon everyone
and welcome to today's session as I'm
sure you can all gather we're going to
be talking about consent students at st.
Leo's must attend consent training every
year
today one group is having a refresher
course with women from nearby Grace
College just imagine instead of
initiating sex you're making them a cup
of tea if they say no thank you
then don't make them tea don't make them
drink tea don't get annoyed at them for
not wanting tea they just don't want tea
okay consent is everything
split up into groups around the room
guys other messages are about how to
read nonverbal cues about someone's
feelings and how to be an ethical
bystander if you see someone at risk you
really don't want anything happening to
your little sister your mum any of the
family members any close friends you've
really just got to put their safety
above your own pride to make sure that
they're going to be safe is it scary as
a guy can I go she ate consent now I
think there is definitely a fear about
it even with a lot of the stuff that's
going on in Hollywood recently I know
there's plenty of guys who go I will you
know how can I even talked to a girl now
and it's basically just common sense one
thing that made seeking for me is in the
second or third week last year we went
over to another college and they had a
place where they're giving it talk about
like what like constitutes sexual
assault and like what the punishment is
and how much it can just completely ruin
your life just on like one drunken
mistake you made and that's sort of not
after after knowing that like this sort
of really makes you careful and really
have at home how much of a serious issue
it actually is
I've seen some young men who at the end
of one of these nights that have gone
wrong absolutely devastated and appalled
at what they've done and have realized
what they have done only after they've
done it and they're in the moment and I
think what they're seeing is yes but
they need to pull back and realize that
what they're getting actually is a
frozen scared person but face to face
consent training isn't the norm in
Australian universities and many
questioned why it's not compulsory on
all campuses so they didn't disbelieve
me they just don't know what to do back
in Melbourne I meet Emma Hutt an
advocate who wants universities to step
up and do more to prevent sexual assault
and support survivors I think it can be
really hard for some people to get the
idea in their heads that it is actually
this prominent but it's because of the
lack of reporting the lack of trust that
people have in the institutions and the
people around them that it's not spoken
about Emma lived in China during her
high school years and was raped soon
after arriving at her University I was
raped three weeks after I had moved to
Australia so I feel like I was very
vulnerable with her friends and family
overseas
she knows how devastating it is to be
assaulted while isolated from the
support of loved ones actually taking
the steps to report to police or to
university can be the hardest thing
you've ever done in your life so many
universities in Australia don't have any
facilities in place on campus online
places where they can tell students
seize your options this is how you can
contact police
this is how you can feel safer on campus
Emma says change is beginning to happen
but more needs to be done it took so
long for me to find where to go and when
I did find where to go I felt completely
unsupported by my university they didn't
even think about any actions of removing
a potential rapist from their campus
they felt that his education was as
important as mine universities have the
power to expel students accused of rape
who have found to have breached the
university's code of conduct almost
running into your rapist any day that
you're on campus I had that fear for
three years for my entire degree every
single day I came onto campus Australian
universities are not required to make
their sexual misconduct complaint data
public but a Freedom of Information
request revealed 575 sexual misconduct
complaints including harassment and rape
were made over a five-year period only
six alleged perpetrators were expelled
other punishments included a forty
dollar fine counseling a warning and a
note placed on their personal file with
official responses like these it's
little surprise fewer than one in ten
report their assault to their University
when we don't respond to sexual assault
but appropriately we're differentially
impacting on students learning
opportunities and that to me is the real
inequity of universities failing to act
on this problem criminologist anastasia
Powell says the situation could be even
worse than last year's Human Rights
Commission survey showed universities
had input in the survey process and
provided most of the research funding
universities are in a conflict of
interest here it is in their interest to
show that universities are proactive
that there isn't a problem of sexual
assault and harassment so to have
universities be the bodies that are in
in charge of conducting or playing a
substantial role in that research is
problematic Paul says the response of
universities has been inadequate I think
we need a national consistent
coordinated approach to this problem and
I think there's a real lack of
leadership particularly working with
university
to develop a clear transparent national
set of guidelines about what is the the
minimum requirement of sort of policies
practices programs that we need to
really be addressing this problem hi
Ellie : thanks for giving us some of
your time today Margaret Gardner is the
chairperson of universities Australia
okay so Margaret let's start with the
Human Rights Commission survey which was
released last year
it showed that 1.6 percent of students
had experienced sexual assault across
2015-2016 in a university setting how
many students is that I don't have that
number off the top of my head it's a
significant it's a significant number of
students in fact one student would be
too many on my calculations it's around
about 11,000 students a year 30 per day
is this a national emergency I think
that sexual assault is something that's
very important to be dealt with across
society so yes we've now got a better
understanding of the scale of the issue
and we are able to address it and
because one is too many do you see a
conflict of interest in universities
funding their own research into
misconduct on their own campuses I mean
that's a little bit like tobacco
companies funding cancer research
we were not commissioning something
running it ourselves
we commissioned an independent body to
do it to be clear that what we were
seeking was real evidence so we could
take action she insists Australian
universities are a positive place to
live and learn and that is what
international students say who finish an
Australian education they say it was in
overwhelming numbers it was a great
experience and we have work hard every
single day to make sure every student
will have that feeling when they live
sadly not everyone has had such a happy
experience and for dozens more today
maybe the day they're assaulted but
gradually the silence is being broken
we're not silenced anymore at all we are
strong we are so strong when we work
together to fight for this change and
there's no going back from this people
won't have to feel like they're alone
anymore
we should be proud of ourselves yeah we
should just stand up saying this awful
thing happened to me I don't deserve
this kind of stuff
just stand up reach for help we do need
a lot of help but were survivors
