a mother brings her six-year-old son to
this clinic in rota in western Kenya
looking for help at 21 kilograms
he's underweight and can barely stand on
his own he has severe malaria his mother
says he's been sick before but it's
never been this bad
Federica he has been sick this morning
he woke up with a very high fever and
started vomiting he also has diarrhea so
we rushed him to the clinic another
mother says both the children too have
been ill for days children under the age
of five are most at risk of contracting
and dying from malaria the clinic sees
about 40 patients a day many of them
diagnosed with the disease
the high temperatures and stagnant water
in this area mean mosquitoes which can
carry and pass on malaria are able to
breed easily
half the people living in this area have
malaria the rainy season has just begun
here in kusuma County and that's
normally when the number of malaria
cases increase dramatically a pilot
program to vaccinate almost a quarter of
a million people in areas just like this
one will begin later this year the
vaccine trains the immune system to
attack the malaria parasite and it's
hoped it will potentially save tens of
thousands of lives especially as some
strains of malaria are resistant to drug
treatment we are realistic that we are
dealing with a very clever parasite we
are dealing with the also clever
mosquitoes that develop resistance to
all chemicals in success that we
developed but over the last 20 years we
have seen the number of cases
drastically dropped in Africa while the
number of malaria cases have dropped by
as much as 70% in some places in Kenya
the World Health Organization's 2017
malaria report says last year there were
about five million more cases of malaria
globally compared to the year before and
that more than four hundred and twenty
thousand people globally died of the
disease that year ninety percent of
those cases occurred in
Africa is now hoped that a successful
rollout of the vaccine across three
African countries will mean fewer deaths
famila Milan al-jazeera Kisumu County
Kenya
