a certain this man's brother is one
of some 150 million people affected by
the Trump administration's travel ban
he's chosen not to be identified for
fear of consular staff permanently
banning his sibling from the US he's a
good life there's nothing wrong ever and
law-abiding paying taxes doing
everything the right way and now he's
punished and he stuck a bride just
because he's from a certain country but
under the terms of Donald Trump's
presidential proclamation issued in
September of last year this man's
brother should be eligible for a waiver
because he's previously been admitted to
the US for work however government
statistics suggest only a fraction of
thousands of waiver applications have
been approved
it feels very anti-american the US is
supposed to be an built on you can be
whoever you want to be here you can
establish yourself regardless of where
you come from what your name is what
your religion is and this is the exact
opposite of this the current version of
the travel ban affects five Muslim
majority countries Libya Somalia Iran
Syria and Yemen there are also
restrictions on North Korea and
Venezuela but they're not being
contested at the Supreme Court the
government's case is based both on the
president's constitutional
responsibility to administer Foreign
Affairs and the president's
congressional authority to restrict the
entry of aliens in the national interest
this isn't the first version of the ban
which caused chaos at airports a week
after Donald Trump took office the
Solicitor General will argue that this
third version of the ban is based on a
worldwide review of immigration vetting
procedure and it's not the judiciary's
role to intercede in matters of national
security
opponents of the travel ban say the
president doesn't have unconditional
power
the law says immigrants cannot be denied
entry to the US based on race sex
nationality birthplace or residence in
addition the First Amendment of the
Constitution prohibits religious
discrimination Donald J Trump is calling
for a total and complete shutdown of
Muslims entering the United States and
that's the campaign promise that
opponents say is unconstitutional and
that the administration is trying to
fulfill even as
courts find it in violation of the law
the government saying to the Supreme
Court ignore what the president says
don't take anything he says
seriously restrict your review to a tiny
sliver of the evidence that's before you
and disregard the statements that have
come out of the president's own mouth
a majority of justices appeared to
signal some sympathy with the government
in December when they allowed the travel
ban to take effect as legal proceedings
continued a ruling is expected by the
end of June cher Burton C al Jazeera
Washington
