hi i'm femi okay I'm Malika Bilal and
here in the stream live on al-jazeera
and YouTube today a new wave of
anti-government demonstrations in
Armenia earlier protests ended with the
Prime Minister's resignation
so why people once again flooding the
streets
protesters are back in the streets of
Armenia as tensions mount between the
government and the opposition this new
round of demonstrations comes as talks
between both sides appear to have broken
down on Monday protests turn to
celebrations after the country's prime
minister sir Jessica Seon agreed to
resign the movement against the ruling
Republican Party is largely led by the
opposition leader Nichole passion young
who is now calling for a snap elections
for joining us to discuss this from
Yerevan selfie Kazarian she's the
director of the Institute of Armenian
Studies at the University of Southern
California she's also co-founder of the
Savannah tasket Foundation and its new
site civil net a.m. we also have Armin
Gregorian he's an activist and protest
organizer both kinder Gregorian he's an
economist whose work focuses on growth
and development in Armenia and he's been
participating in the protests and
Richard Gere a gaussian he's the
director of the regional studies Center
that's an independent political
think-tank hello everybody it's good to
have you we're right in the middle of
history being made and you're very
you're participating I want to show you
a video selfie and all of our guests
this video I find fascinating I'm gonna
start playing it's a P tell me what's
happening because I'm curious about the
chemistry between these two men you have
your former prime minister who's now
stepped down and then we have Nicole
passion young who is for intents and
purposes the leader of this opposition
protest movement tell us a little bit
about Nicole what do we need to know
about him Southie he's very good at
organizing loud and getting a message I
mean into the various over the last 27
years yeah there's like you see on the
other hand just a feeling extremely
comfortable with that chair for a very
as you can see a short video so it
really was very interesting yeah and
it's a little bit edited here so you
don't see the full conversation but
there's not much more
see there than that yeah yeah Richard ah
how do you analyze what happens there
well there are two interesting points
here what we see is first the contrast
in dress in many ways for less than
three minutes the now outgoing Prime
Minister came in his little suit and was
very accustomed to having his own way
what he saw and what he faced was a new
phenomenon a charismatic opposition
leader who actually had the support of
the streets in the population the lack
of legitimacy was most evidence and in
many ways it was sad because the
outgoing Prime Minister in this video is
the last person in Armenia to realize
his lost power and this is a reflection
of a very new political reality and we
are present at the creation building a
new future Armenia much more democratic
so Richard you mentioned that Nikhil
pacinian has the support of the streets
and while that is definitely ringing
true amongst most of the people who are
tweeting in to us there is this
interesting tweet from arson who writes
in Nicola passion and pushing for system
crackdown but the people are not for him
they are against the ruling Republican
party there's no agenda for the next
steps the president Sarkissian holds
consultations opportunistic political
parties are fuelling on the situation
Papageno I wanted to get your view on
this your take on whether people are for
Nicole or anti the ruling party sure who
is Nicole what should we know about him
sure well basically the thing is that
people first came out to the streets in
order to remove Sarah sarkeesian from
power but Nicola posh Union led a
movement that was able to do the
impossible in Armenia this was search
aki-san was a man that no one thought
they would be able to remove him
especially not through a peaceful
protest and Nicole partying is the
person who facilitated the removal of
this would be authoritative Kratt and
just by doing that
Nicola pacinian has become in many ways
the people's candidate for the next
prime minister you can like him you can
hate
that's secondary at this point the point
is that Michel Puccini on babkin is
qualified
he's obviously a charismatic persuasive
people he's legitimate and I think
that's the most important point right
now he's little legitimate and is
qualified enough go ahead Sophie no the
questions that arson is asking you know
what is the order the next steps a lot
of people are asking this and I think
that we're just going to have to accept
it perhaps the leader of a revolt or
revolution is different from the person
who ends up governing maybe it isn't but
if this really is going it series of
really tough steps legal has done an
amazing job of getting the situation to
this point nobody thought he wanted
Sophie's right because flashing neon is
a catalyst here he's a catalyst in terms
of channeling as Armand will add now
from his own experience yes because
there is a step-by-step roadmap for the
future first of all we want to have an
interim government that should organize
a free and fair election we want to have
a new electoral court we want to have a
new Central Election Committee we should
be trusted by the public and we should
organize free and fair elections in
order to have an elected parliament
which will form the new government and
we like new Prime Minister
everything is very obvious and
everything is very clearly announced I
don't think that there is no clear steps
out there everything the fact precisely
out there the other fact here is Armenia
was without free and fair elections for
a very long time this is actually a new
political reality that is demanding the
requirement of an opportunity to choose
the leadership position in many ways is
a catalyst is not all things to all
people but offers a degree of
opportunity in terms of a transitional
government until we can have
free and fair elections that actually
map to the new political reality and in
the new political reality the danger of
one-party dominance whether it's a
communist party or the ruling Republican
Party is devastating to the
democratization of the country so I jump
in here because Richard said something
that completely corresponds with the
tweet we got from Petro who says if
Nicole passion and does not act fast
then the person who is now the acting
Prime Minister Karen parapet in I hope I
believe it but I will try better next
time it says he will stay in power and
nothing will change the fight is not
over
we must continue what we started until
the ruling party gives up power and most
importantly we have to do it peacefully
Armen to this point
it took about 11 days to see the Prime
Minister stepping down but do you think
that that's something that's permanent
because people are worried that the
person who was now in charge and that
Prime Minister's office may not move
over why today you were again in the
street and you were game having demands
this was because we yesterday we
understood that carpet and tries to grab
the power carpet an assertion the former
prime minister
they both did not get the new reality of
Armenia they didn't feel the revolution
so decided to grab the power and today
we went into street to show that no no
one from Republican Party can lead the
interim government the internal
government should be led by the
representative of the people
today the Republican squares people
announced like in court they elected me
go passion and become as an interim
interim government leader so this was
one of the main point for today's day
frustration we wanted to show going God
pity on that he's not the person to
leave the country for dysentery encode
you know I think the problem is that
we're talking about individuals when
really the problem is institutions so
just yes what's the big deal the problem
is the institution that exists don't
really their facades they've built up to
facilitate the holding and so what the
protesters have been saying is if we
want change we can't do it through
existing power structures we're going to
have to have period where those power
are not the same guys so Peter I want to
show you this I don't want to show our
audiences behind me there's an
extraordinary picture this is the night
when your prime former Prime Minister
stepped down and this picture is
extraordinary and then I look at civil
net your website and there's a question
here that you asked almond and you sat
down in an interview here why back to
the streets so you did what you set out
to do as protesters reject Serge you
rejected search he stood down why are
you still protesting yes I was just
explaining why because we saw that tries
to grab the power we were afraid that my
uncle John will try to have his interest
or try to grab power and using this
revolution to establish his power so we
went once more to the street to show
that right now in Armenia power belongs
to the people and people are demanding a
new internet people Armin are you just
trying to scare for your sources and you
say look what we did we toppled the
Prime Minister don't mess with us I'm
thinking this is a big yes this is
people power well this isn't revenge
this is not vendetta politics yeah but
what's important is this isn't only
about Karapetyan the current proactive
Prime Minister nor is it about passion
young it's bigger
however Karapetyan is especially
dangerous because he's a former Gazprom
official a man on a mission sent to
Armenia from Moscow in other words this
raises even larger stakes in the future
but the reason we're here today is to
celebrate the success the reason viewers
should care is that this is a rare
victory for peaceful people power but
it's not over in fact the hard part is
only now beginning consensus compromise
and governance this is why institutions
are key yes I'd like to bob can go ahead
because we haven't heard your work in a
minute go ahead I'd like to just echo
what Richard was saying I think what's
happened in Armenia right now is a
really beautiful thing of that every
Armenian in the world really should be
proud of I mean not what you're showing
on the screen of course but the fact
that we've been able through peaceful
means be able to change the get rid of
the stranglehold on power now that the
fact of the matter is that
claireandkaren does not have the same
level of support in the Republican Party
that sarkeesian had there are people
breaking ranks within his party as we
speak and it's completely possible that
that Nikhil partying right now actually
has a majority in parliament in order to
vote him into in as temporary prime
minister even without any further
negotiations Prime Minister needs to be
elected by Parliament in the next five
days and I think that's gonna happen
within the within the framework of the
Constitution that already exists a
couple of thoughts from online because
in the mean time from what publican was
saying and what's gonna happen in the
next coming days and weeks people are
saying they are still going to remain on
the streets here's why this is Guyana on
Twitter who said Armenia suffered a lot
during sarkissians presidency
immigration international debt military
issues are only a few of the problems
the nation faced I protested as people
had been silenced for
too long and I no longer want to see my
nation in despair that's one person's
thoughts we also got a video comment
from someone else who put it very
poetically on why people are out in the
streets this is the Saros and this is
what he told the stream see when people
get sick their body's not function
properly they become weak and this is
exactly what has been happening to our
being in the past decades the Republican
Party has been that this is destroying
the country and the movement and the
members of this movement or the
antibiotics killing it that's why it's
resisting the Republican Party should
step down in timely manners and pass a
power to to the people elected and
trusted by the nation and this should be
done as quick as possible and we ask
minimum harms as possible there is no
other way to go about this so softly you
were explaining earlier that this is
systemic can you talk to us about some
of the root of this and why people are
fed up so many of them absolutely and I
want to put it in a global context you
know I mean it's not the only country in
the world our meetings are not the only
people in the world fighting
authoritarian trends and the fact that
our means peacefully and really in such
a short amount right 11:13 days on the
street is something that says great deal
about people power today the what we're
all trying to say Oh profits is that as
long as people do not have confidence in
those in power in office they're going
to find a way to change that and so in
this particular case hundred over a
hundred thousand painted streets
largely because they have social
inequality and economic equality and so
the way they wanted to solve it was they
look elections have a war they don't
represent her voice Town Council's don't
go out there's no freedom something the
media does or is their history the
individual relationships and my elected
person doesn't get to me no one says the
only thing
turn so once the the Prime Minister like
the people on the street assumed power
understand that this means a new plate
including tomorrow more--it okay one of
the guys yes I want to show our audience
a little bit of the statement I I hear
your almond and we just show our
audience this a little bit of the
statement of your former prime minister
it's here it's the end of the statement
he says Nicole passion Yin was right I
was wrong the situation has several
solutions but I will not take any of
them that is not mine I am leaving
office of the country's leader of Prime
Minister so the situation has several
solutions
what are those several solutions
according to you Armen in 2008 in 2004
in 2008 so he reminded nickel platinum
and the other way I think in his mind
was to use the power to use the force
and for to use the Force to detain
people by the way at that meeting I was
detained and I was in police station I
couldn't see that I'm going to laughing
it wasn't really that it wasn't really
that funny I'm just looking for it give
me a moment and I find it
wait so you were sitting here we go so
you're sitting in a cafe and then what
happened yes actually Armen and I were
sitting down having coffee yeah I'm glad
just smiling why is this this isn't even
vaguely amusing from my perspective it's
amusing now at the time it was was very
scary
horrible I will because we knew that if
we will not finish this revolution we
will go in jail we'll be in jail
everybody was sure but at the moment we
knew they opened the criminal case
I was detained as a as a criminal and
this was a serious case but anyway I was
very sure that we will win the
revolution and these cases will be
closed it was my hope and I was sure on
that I was watching the rally tonight I
know everybody apart from South P was
there supper you were in your office and
this is what I saw Nicole passion young
doing he was on stage and he didn't
sound like he was making any concessions
he was very direct he was calling up the
government he was talking about the
government lies how do you get to a
situation where protesters have the
government that they want where you have
the leader of the protest being not even
apologetic all apologetic he's not even
being conciliatory that that's tough
that's quite tense as a situation how do
you read that Salvi I hope that what
happens is that this interim period as
an opportunity for all parties all of
them including the ruling party have an
opportunity to put their case to the
people and let the people decide do they
want this that the other party but that
possibility of choice has got to happen
without vendetta's without pushing any
parties out including the parties that
are now on notice
so you mentioned we're doing it without
vendetta's I wanted to bring this up and
Richard I'll direct this to you so we
got two tweets one is from Anna heat she
says the immediate imperative for
Armenia is to hold free and bare
parliamentary elections that could
produce a legitimate parliamentary
system and paved the way for more
radical reforms at the next stage but
the key is not to allow the existing
systemic issues persist that might be
hard we got this other tweet from Peter
he says prom
Armenian Oleg arks are now joining the
side of the protesters it's simply a
last-second play to try to preserve
their position of privilege once in
Nicola pacinian attempts to make good
his anti elite rhetoric they will become
his most dangerous enemies do you
actually see that happening Richard is
that something for people - it's a real
risk it's a real danger in terms of
looking at lessons learned from Ukraine
in terms of a successful revolution in
Ukraine hijacked and gone badly we have
to be extra careful to prevent any kind
of reiteration or reproduction of just
new faces and new nicknames taking over
for example corruption is very much the
cancer of the economy and society the
oligarchs are a public enemy number one
this is a real test of political will
and - retreat - go back to the first
question to be fair for passion young
they were scheduled to begin
negotiations today and in what I see as
a test of the opposition the acting
Prime Minister scuttled the talks but it
was very much a test and this is why
demonstrators were coming back into the
streets as a response to this test and
challenge in other words
Sark's young surprisingly left easily
but the other ruling elite is much more
entrenched and much less likely to leave
without being pushed but at the same
time the rule of law is extra important
here we need to keep the moral high
ground and we don't need to cut corners
I mean let me just show this to you
again I'm sure you've seen it but for
our international audience so here is
your acting Prime Minister he says that
the pre-announced meeting that Richard
was just referring to will not take
place as Nicole pacinian has
unilaterally set forth new demands
particularly as regards the format
agenda and media coverage of the meeting
and he has been saying that you've been
saying okay we want this person in the
ghost chases we don't want this person
negotiations here you are with Nicole
this is you wearing obviously your
favourite t-shirt with Nicole what are
you planning we were just talking about
the that meeting it was just short Peter
but as we noticed that garden carpet Ian
tries to grab the power and we were
thinking that Karen carpaccio
at the moment does not represent the
Republican Party we suggested that he
comes at the meeting with the head of
the speaker just to me clickers are
right at the end of the shake just so
that I understand this correctly you are
suggesting who the government brings to
your negotiations you're asking them to
bring specific people can you see why
they would be upset with you can you not
see why they would be upset with you if
you're suggesting you need to bring
these people to the table no because we
suggested that three people will come
from us and we had concerned that Karen
carpe diem does not represent Republican
Party that's what we were suggesting
that these people the Speaker of the
Parliament and the head of the
Republican Party representatives at the
Parliament I think it's a way to make
sure garden any any concession that
garbage makes is a credible one because
as Armand said Karen garbage and it
doesn't have the full support of the
Republican Party the only way to make
sure that anything he says is credible
is to make sure it's also done in the
presence of the Speaker of the
Parliament and the obviously obviously
government not happy with that right now
babkin soap an almond Richard thank you
for your analysis let's see what the
community and want to end up with or
Malika wants to end up with back says
there's still so much to be done in
Armenia but it's so far shown how the
nation of a power of people can shape a
nation and that is power
and as is appropriate for this
conversation and this particular protest
the conversation continues online
hashtag a day stream thanks everybody
take care
