it takes over two hours to drive from
the North Korean capital Pyongyang
through the countryside to the DMZ the
Demilitarized Zone the road is bumpy but
very quiet it's also in places extremely
wide one Pyongyang resident speculated
to me this was so aircraft could land
with reinforcements in the event of
conflict once we reach the DMZ security
was tight we were not permitted to film
in certain areas our guide was a North
Korean army captain he showed us the
layout of this front-line zone this is
not an international border the Korean
War officially never ended it was simply
paused with an armistice or truce is it
possible for you to show us where the
meeting on the 27th will be taking place
between Field Marshal Kim and the
president of South Korea it's the peace
house on the southern side so this is
the first time any of your leaders have
gone across to the southern side yes we
continued on the route that the North
Korean leader will take for his historic
meeting on Friday past the building
where the 1953 armistice was negotiated
and the hall where it was signed by the
North Koreans and by a US general on
behalf of his country and their allies
fighting under the UN flag it's
estimated that in just three years up to
three million people were killed as a
professional soldier how hard is it
going to be with your Field Marshal
sitting down with those that have been
your enemy if dear Supreme Marshall is
with us surely all the problems will be
solved peacefully that's what we firmly
believe we were taken on to a taller
building and up some stairs where we
could view the line that separates
communist North Korea from democratic
South Korea
from the north we have this vantage
point of the demarcation line the blue
huts down there were in the past
military officials from this country
have met the other side and just over
there that building is where the
historic summit is supposed to take
place this has also been suggested as a
place where Kim jong-un
could meet Donald Trump no venue for
that planned meeting has yet been
formally announced the leaders of
countries whose forces have been facing
off against each other for decades will
soon be meeting face to face James BAE's
al Jazeera on the North Korean side of
the Demilitarized Zone
