people continue to come out on the
streets of Nicaragua despite President
Daniel Ortega ditching the reform to the
Social Security system that at first
sparked protests last week the thousands
who marched through the capital Managua
on Monday this has now become about
something more they're protesting
against the president himself this
protest is bigger than all the rest
because people have grown tired people
are worn out from the violation of
rights rights of the people the
violation of the Constitution
this was the vote that knocked over the
glass as they say president Ortega is
now in his third consecutive term and
has been accused of nepotism his wife is
the vice president and for undermining
democratic institutions to tighten his
grip on power
his critics will now add to that list
repression police have used heavy-handed
tactics in dealing with protesters close
to 30 people have been killed among them
officers themselves others have been
detained these relatives sang outside a
police station as they called for their
loved ones to be released when at the
president originally bullish in his
response to the protests had on Sunday
struck a slightly more conciliatory tone
lemon vandals in Peru the incidents of
violence that have happened our Gretta
Bob we expressed solidarity with all the
families whose loved one have died from
the violence but after that address
police rushed the University campus that
has become the bastion of the protests
the students occupying it fought back at
least one was killed
afterwards they promise to carry on what
they need is the backing of the
country's powerful business community
and the rest of the population
the president will be hoping his
concessions are enough to dampen the
anger John Holman al-jazeera
