60 kilometers outside Madrid lies
Spain's largest mass grave cut into the
mountainside the valley of the Fallen is
where dictator Francisco Franco lies
buried around him tens of thousands of
bodies of unnamed people killed on both
sides of Spain's Civil War many of them
murdered on Franco's orders purificacion
la pena is the granddaughter of one of
those murdered men for years her family
has fought for the right to rib√©ry
manuel la pena and his brother antonio
Ramiro in their hometown it's an
historic day not because of my relatives
but also because we can help other
people that are in the same situation
not every understudy the mortal remains
of my family shouldn't be in the
Basilica lying with a dictator during
Franco's 36 year dictatorship hundreds
of thousands of spaniards died or just
disappeared
franco himself ordered the building of
the basilica as a symbol of peace and
reconciliation but many see it is a
monument to fascists either a silent
place it embodies spain's so-called pact
of forgetting and amnesty pardoning the
political crimes of the past that helped
spain's transition to democracy in 1977
the Benedictine monks who live here are
against exhuming the dead for them the
religious status comes before its
political significance but the silence
is now being shattered
for the officials entering there's a
grim task ahead searching through the
remains of 34 thousand people to
identify four men bringing up the bodies
of Franco's victims has happened in
other parts of the country but relatives
have to fight for the right to Ribery
their loved ones I here today are the
grandchildren of many people but there
are others waiting at home hoping that
today is the beginning of the end of the
legal process to retrieve our relatives
these relatives are also calling for the
removal of the hundred and fifty meter
high stone cross the tallest in the
world but fresh flowers are still on
Franco's grave it seems there are still
two Spain's when it comes to
re-examining the Civil War
Charly Angela al Jazeera
