you
I am for me okay today not an ordinary
show because we are tackling topic
speech by you our stream community
that's right and Malika Bilal from
hashtags stop the suit and bring back
our nurses to a preview of Malaysia's
upcoming general election the stream
explores some of the stories making news
where you live so right now we are live
on al-jazeera and YouTube when we're
looking out for your comments so put
them in the chat section and we'll
hopefully get your online comments into
this show
so we start in Port Harcourt Nigeria
where citizens are protesting against
pollution in the area River State
residents and civil liberties activists
marched on Thursday demanding that the
government take action to improve air
quality and stop the suit authorities
say that the pollution can be attributed
to activities in abattoirs
and illegal oil refineries but many
people online have been sharing photos
and videos of sun-filled neighborhoods
and dirt covered hands and feet even
tissue paper classic says that she fears
for her lungs and her little ones when
will it stop
take a look at this video of Thursday's
protests recorded by son of Sandra as a
queasy
why have you come out here today
okay Cassandra as equity Lee joins us
now from Port Harcourt she's the host of
Good Morning Nigeria that's a radio talk
show and she was one of the many people
who pitched this story to us thank you
for that Sandra let's talk about this
suit when you're out in it what do you
see what is it like so it's like black
dusts covering the air you're looking at
the sky and it's filled with you can
actually see it so sometimes it looks
like smoke all the time see looks it
looks a little grainy but it just
basically covers the sky and you can
feel it when you breathe because
sometimes so for someone like me what's
a run on on a Saturday morning or a
weekday evening if I have the time
you're inhaling a lot of that you know
it and you don't even need to go outside
to see it sometimes you you're in your
house and it's not sometimes it's all
the time you're in your house it's on
the floor it's on the surfaces of your
table you have to mop all the time
because you are stepping on these things
it's really if you have children they're
playing on the floor it probably will
pick something off of the floor and put
it in their mouths and all you need to
do is look at the sole of your feet to
see how black it is and you cannot begin
to imagine what that must be like to
pick food off of that and eat it I have
children
touch the surface of the floor and then
put that finger in their mouth so it's
very scary it's already scary to be
honest this is Carina Israel and she
says on Twitter we are dying on a daily
basis without knowing this this is
unfair to our children to us and to our
environment
hashtag stopped the cert what do you
know in terms of the science but make
this very accessible sighs about what
might be happening to your body um so
we've had dr. oz talk so on my show for
instance
we've had members of the Nigerian
Medical Association talk about how these
suits could actually cause chronic
respiratory diseases we even have like
cases right now of people who are
suffering from respiratory infections
people who have pre-existing respiratory
conditions that have become aggravated
as a result of the suit I have a
personal experience my friend was in my
house a couple of weeks ago and he's
asthmatic and then all of a sudden he
started to choke and he'd been choking
all day unfortunately for us he didn't
come over with his inhaler so we and it
was really late at night the hospitals
around are not very great so we
basically had to stay home and try some
breathing exercises and try some first
aid to keep his airway open now that
incident reminded me that I wasn't
saying enough I wasn't talking as much
as I should be
about the suit back in 2016 when we
noticed it in Port a Kurds we talked a
little bit about it my station by the
way coin the hashtag stop the suits we
had an editorial meeting and then the
three station school affirmed was oh via
FM Nigerian football haircuts we got
together and said how are we going to
get people to talk about this how many
people to know that there's a problem
and we all need to be alarmed so we we
said okay so how about stop the suit and
then we started to talk about it online
and more people started to tweet about
it and as soon as we started as soon as
we started the state governments created
a committee they formed the committee to
investigate and they tried to do
something about it so let me let me show
you this to you this is Matala on
Twitter but Tyler says the cert crisis
is a direct consequence of illegal oil
refining operations in the creeks
negligence by local authority and
environmental protection agencies so
multiple reasons for why your air
quality is so poor who is responsible
for this we don't know so the federal
government is insane anything the
federal government so what they're doing
is trading blame so the federal
government is saying the state
government is responsible the state
government is saying the federal
government is responsible and
both answer governments or but levels of
government continue to churn out reasons
why they think this is happening so the
state says it's the legal refinery it's
the federal government owned refinery
and the federal says oh it's the illegal
refineries being operated by residents
of the state bottom line is they're busy
talking about what in Miami they're not
telling us what it is so they're not
trying to do anything they're passing
the naira then right they're passing the
nose is your responsibilities your
responsibility so on Thursday
people got out to protest sharing some
pictures here from the Twitter handle
stop the suit what are we looking at how
mad at people right now I think you say
it's the Niger Delta they dumped on us
all the time
or are they serious that's the Furious
we're angry everybody's angry I mean
when it's the oil and it's like the
villages nobody really cares for its air
everybody's breathing air you know so
everyone's angry everyone's talking
about it the school you go to schools
people are talking about it people are
moving out of Port records people are
moving their children out of Port soccer
people are more worried about the kids
because they're young and they're their
organs are still in the formative stages
so you don't know what this is do not
raise Sandra this is what I'm thinking
you started this campaign you're trying
to educate people that community to say
this is not good enough for us I want to
share with our audience Andy who is one
of your co-organizers this is what andy
says as to what you actually want have a
listen we're demanding that the federal
government shut down all the oil
refineries in the state and releases the
emissions data from the government
refinery and the well company
installations we are also demanding that
the state government release the full
report on the source of suits that
commissioned last year and that it gives
us daily at quality monitoring data we
are also calling the state permit to
task to help us hold the federal
government accountable for its own
responsibilities regarding the suit
saundra we're just about to wrap up now
with this particular story thank you for
sharing it with us how much progress
have you made this has been going on for
over a year now in terms of your
campaign in a nutshell in a sentence how
much progress have you made well the
state government has directed that the
federal government be sued the federal
government seems to have brought in the
WHI on you neptr look into the matter so
hopefully this is one first step to stop
in the suits mm-hmm
saundra is it Kwesi Lee thank you so
much for sharing the stop the suit
hashtag campaign appreciate that you're
so welcome
Millia well from a hashtag driven
protests in Nigeria to another in
Zimbabwe hashtag bring back our nurses
was pitched to us by Ricky Maria and
Dwayne Billy at the Zimbabwe Nurses
Association on Saturday encouraged its
members to return to work following a
five-day strike in which they demanded
better pay and working conditions
Zimbabwean vice-president Constantino to
enga had previously sacked the country's
16,000 striking nurses saying their
actions were politically motivated but
on Monday the government reversed the
dismissal of some nurses although the
strike has taken a heavy toll on
Zimbabwe is already compromised health
care system so Ken Zimbabwe government
and the nurses union find some common
ground with me now to provide an update
on the state of negotiations is
journalist Hindi Marie ma welcome back
to the stream Tendai now you were at a
hospital in Bulawayo speaking to nurses
who had just returned to work just this
morning what was it that they told you
yes this afternoon I was at a hospital
in the city which is the second largest
hospital in Zimbabwe and it was quite
busy the consultation rooms are quite
busy there were lots of nurses walking
through doing their jobs and a lot of
them thought that they just wanted to do
their jobs and they just wanted to get
to serve people and to move on from this
point however you know some still do
have hope that whatever negotiations
that the nurses union is having with the
government they might be able to produce
something that is you know perhaps a
fairer deal and my
leads to better working conditions and
also better better better salaries or at
least receiving their salaries on time
so you mentioned the better salaries I
wanted to pull up this suite from army
of one who says this is simple the
government needs to meet the nurses
demands this has been going on
so since at least 2010 for some of these
nurses also the incumbent Health
Minister needs to go because he's the
one who was overseeing the collapse of
the healthcare system so can you lay
this out for us and for our
international audience what are the
demands of these nurses what were they
asking for okay well at the moment what
the nurses are asking for apart from
better working conditions which means
perhaps you know their shifts being more
regulated and then being able to get
better allowances what they are also
asking for is a better basic salary at
the moment nurses earn less than three
that the third the lowest paid nurse
earned about two hundred and eighty four
dollars per month so that's near spent
$300 and in the country like Zimbabwe
where the cost of living is so high
surviving on 284 dollars per month it
really doesn't get you very far and in
some situations you see like for example
because we're in such a bad economic
situation at the moment and the current
is really struggling even to pay it
civil servants there are some months
where people go without their salaries
or in some months like we've seen in in
in 20 in 2017 and again in 2016 bonuses
have been staggered you know and they
are staggered you know over months from
from the December of one year right
through till of the July of the
following year you know and this is what
again led to protests in July 2016 when
civil servants across the board it was
nurses and teachers as well that you
know down their tools and said no we're
not going to go to work anymore until
you pay us outstanding bits of our
bonuses and also pay us the outstanding
salaries that you owe us so you know
we've seen these kinds of tensions like
repeatedly and you know it's not good
for the country at all right so we have
seen online
musicians of things being politicized I
want to read your comment we got from
YouTube live this is Chang Mari he says
nurses have genuine grievances but they
allowed their costs to be hijacked by
politicians and this led to the current
impasse things could have been done
better hashtag bring back our nurses so
on that topic of things being
politicized we got a video comment from
someone and she's a freelance journalist
from Harare she's currently in South
Africa and I want you to have a listen
to what she said about that one of the
biggest issues in my opinion and the
nurses strike is that when it came to
online discussions and debates the
biggest voices were not the nurses
themselves a lot of activists got
involved in what they saw was a very
valid struggle and unfortunately was the
result is that they became the biggest
voices and the narrative they were the
ones being interviewed by media outlets
they were the ones who were speaking at
rallies the government interpreted this
as the politicization of what they saw
was a wage dispute it gave them
justification to fire the nurses because
in the opinion the nurses had acted in
bad faith they have negotiated in bad
faith certain that can you speak to
things being quote/unquote politicized
and and then what that means for what
happens next
okay I think it's very unfortunate that
things have been given this Mabel I mean
that yes it is a political issue in that
people are fighting for their basic
rights their labor rights but it's not
necessarily anything to do with any
opposition or any challenge against the
government's authority it's just simply
workers that are putting forward their
voice and hoping that it will be heard
what's unfortunate in this case is that
now because the voices of the activists
have become the face of the strike
what's happened is that it's also
drowned out the other voices which which
is the voices of the nurses and those
are the voices that must come forward
and the voices of the nurses union union
as well because they are the ones who
are actually negotiating with the
government itself and it must be a
conversation between the two of them in
order for them to finish up negotiations
as they are doing at the moment and for
them to you know to really get to a
point that they can agree that you know
this is what we can do for you right now
and
we understand that you have you know
greater needs but we are going to do all
this to be able to meet this this basic
demand and then work our way and build
our ourselves forward from there mm-hmm
I want to share with you this week we
got from Mac oh she says the larger
issue is a healthcare system that's in
crisis nurses can't work in facilities
that don't have enough equipment or
supplies last month doctors went on
strike as well over little pay and bad
working conditions health care is badly
managed nationally it doesn't seem like
anything is going to change these
conditions out of the current situation
right now with nurses returning back to
work and negotiations still ongoing
where do you see the health care system
going from here well because I live in
Zimbabwe I would like to be optimistic
you know I would like to believe that
and I appreciate things are in a really
bad state right now and public hospitals
are not are not receiving the kind of
supports that they need in terms of
resources or even in terms of skilled
staff as well I'm still hopeful that
somehow if the economy does start to
improve then maybe we'll also see better
resources being allocated towards the
hospitals because you know the health
system of this country is something that
so many people depend on and with you
know like the the problems that we've
had economically you know they've also
had an impact on so many areas of
people's lives and you know the economy
and that the health industry is one
industry that has suffered a lot in
terms of you know a skilled staff
leaving the country looking looking to
countries like South Africa or Namibia
or the UK for looking for for for a
better for a better deal than what they
are getting here and then again we also
have our own politicians that won't be
treated in our own hospitals because for
them they feel that you know our
standards aren't good how you know so
that's a long build a system with good
enough standards right I mean the point
that you're saying that so easily that
in their own Hospital yes yes because
you see this continuously where you know
high-level officials they go up to South
Africa or they go you know even further
overseas
for treatment because you know they know
that in our own facilities we don't have
the specialists or we don't have the
kind of medication or the kind of you
know support that they might need for
their particular condition tendon om so
I think that that point completely sums
up the state of play right now in
Zimbabwe a sad state but you did end on
a slightly hopeful note so our thanks
for joining us to help us unpack this
story today we'll be sure to keep an eye
out on the hashtag bring back our nurses
we now go to a preview of Malaysia's
upcoming general election on May 9th
how does ers Florence lui reports from
more the ruling Barisan Nasional
coalition has been in power since
independence more than 60 years ago but
lost at the popular vote for the first
time in 2013 since then the prime
minister najib razak has been caught up
in a corruption scandal surrounding
Malaysia's state investment fund known
as 1mdb more than four and a half
billion dollars has allegedly been
misappropriated from the fund set up by
Najib Malaysian police and the Attorney
General have so far not found any
evidence of wrongdoing but Najib and his
allies are said to be facing the
strongest challenge former Prime
Minister Mahathir Mohamad is leading the
opposition coalition's bid the 92 year
old veteran politician fell out with
Najib over 1mdb and has returned to
politics to try to oust him but
political analysts say unseating the
incumbent will be tough in the last few
weeks the government redrew the
electoral boundaries in a way opponents
say gives it an unfair advantage there's
also a new law to ban so-called fake
news which critics say is an attempt to
stifle dissent more recently Mijares
opposition party has been ordered to
deregister for 30 days because of
missing paperwork so will Prime Minister
Najib Razak promises pay off at the
polls could Malaysia's longest-serving
premier make a comeback as Musharraf it
sounds like a soap opera
it sounds like high drama going on very
Malaysia Jeffrey tan messaged us earlier
on Twitter and he says when we ask what
should we be covering Jeffrey tan says
the Malaysian elections exclamation mark
asthma Shoreham is in kuala lumper he's
also an associate professor of law at
the University of Malaya it's really
good to have you here as me it this is a
battle of the Titans we have a former
leader and a current incumbent leader
one leader was the protege of another
leader set it up so the international
viewers who may not be following
Malaysian politics get as excited as
people in Malaysia appear to be about
this upcoming election yeah it's it's
big because we're pretty desperate for
change now 60 years same government it's
dramatic because you have a former prime
minister who's now created a new
opposition party and he's opposing his
policy as you said it's ironic because
you know the former prime minister is
not exactly totally innocent with a lot
of stuff that's happened in this country
but I think right now overwhelming sense
is anger and desperation the level of
support of corruption and
misappropriation of funds is just
tremendous and increasing of laws which
are pressing us is also becoming even
greater still so it's really quite a I
would say quite a desperate woman
the desire for change is tremendous I'm
just wondering about the campaigning
styles of the main candidates I'm
wondering this because Krishna here says
many Malaysians like me are very much
focused and worried about race and
religion taking the center stage in
general election 14 especially by the
ruling coalition that's not what we need
politicians should be focused on issues
that have plagued this country like
corruption so how much is being played
out in terms of ethnicities and race how
much is that a part of this race it's
what they know how to do the ruling
coalition that's that's that your car
every single time they come out there
and they'll play the race card they'll
try to put fear into the majority Millea
ethnic population by saying that the
opposition is Chinese run you know so
it's it's it's terribly racist and it's
its oldest trick in the book
divided me when you say it's terribly
racist give us an example because it's
hard for us to imagine what terribly
racist would be like in Malaysia except
we've done a few shows about it but but
give us one example the things they say
but the underlying point is that I'm not
which is not the main party the ruling
coalition still says that if you don't
have us in power
the Malays are doomed absolutely do
you're finished because you know the
Chinese will take over at cetera et
cetera so that is the kind of underlying
threat which which perpetually you know
is right opposition's plain again you
know so they are focusing on corruption
they are full to single things like
improving the the entire system of
governance and I hope people listen to
that I am wondering how reliable posed i
Malaysia
can you tell right now who might be
ahead it depends on which force you you
look at depends on what kind of system
they're using so for example the motika
center poles are not particularly
optimistic for the opposition whereas
the invoke polls are now personally I
think that the ruling party are going to
lose the popular again does this mean
they're going to lose the elections we
don't know because the gerrymandering is
true this is chaos what he's watching
live right now he says I'm no retains
many incumbent advantages still lots of
open questions
how will the Mojave a factor play out
how disruptive is suspense the
suspension of his party will many young
voters invalidate their ballots in
general protests who benefits in the
past gets a lot of voters so
many questions we were just really gonna
have this sick sit tight and to me the
knife to work out what might happen but
I haven't seen this often but as me you
you actually say who people should vote
for you've gone out there on a limb why
in a sentence why are you picking who
you feel that Malaysia should vote for
subtlety to go out the window
you know speech the stage where someone
like me and I I keep away from making
such pronouncements but at that point at
that particular forum but you're going I
was there I will say that look at the
end the day the status quo is going to
remain because the incumbents do not
have any we're gonna be watching them
laying elections very very carefully
indeed thanks for being on the stream
today appreciate it I think studs me and
it thanks again to all of our guests now
before we go there are a few other
stories pitched by you that we're
keeping an eye on as well so Fatemeh
suggests a look at the toll taken on
Afghanistan after forty years of war
saying that Afghans experienced
immeasurable loss daily Akhenaten wants
us to look at the challenges facing
youth in South Sudan and Beck says the
Armenian protests nearly anyone is
covering them so which one shall we do
you will find out a hashtag a day stream
thanks for watching everybody
take care
you
you
