political upheaval in Armenia as the
Prime Minister who was president is
forced to step down tens of thousands of
anti-government protesters marched for
days to demand his resignation so what's
next
this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton nearly two weeks of political
drama in Armenia have ended with the
downfall of the prime minister who was
president
Sergey Sarkissian abruptly resigned just
a few days after being appointed by
Parliament he became prime minister
after ending ten years in power as
president
protesters accused him of a political
power grab and marched on the streets of
the capital Yerevan four days as news of
his resignation spread protesters
cheered opposition leader Nikhil passion
yana who was detained and later released
said power is with the people in his
resignation letter missus ago so gishian
said Nicole passion jaan was right I was
wrong the created situation has some
solutions but I will not go to any of
them that's not mine I leave the post of
the country's prime minister the
movement of the street is against my
office I fulfill your claim but it's
bringing in our guests from Yerevan Sal
P Azaria and director of the University
of Southern California Institute of
Armenian Studies from Berlin is arsenic
kansian an activist from Armenia who was
detained in the last protests while
taking photos and from Tbilisi Georgia
is guilty gaudiya Human Rights Watch
South Caucasus director in the Europe
and Central Asia division very good to
see all three of you arsenic Angie and I
should imagine that this is a good
moment for you
yes Jane this is a miraculous beautiful
miraculous little moment I say a little
as a metaphor because it's gigantic what
has happened today this is what the
people of Armenia were hoping for and
for a final in a final effort to come to
the streets in such big numbers they
could make their voices be heard loud
and clear enough that the country needs
change and that the government and the
state
are there to serve them and that they
have to really now take the steps that
they have voted for in the change from
presidential to parliamentary system and
therefore now it starts to be time for
people's voices to be heard I just want
to say one thing Jane is that I am an
Armenian but I'm not from Armenia I am a
diaspora in Armenian and I live in
Canada I happen to be in Berlin for my
professional work so but this makes no
difference because the the resignation
of self Sarkis Young is a relief for the
entire nation I should imagine as an
activist this must be deeply satisfying
and the Diaspora as you say spread
across the world well it is incredibly a
joyful moment because the Diaspora has
been in a way as much in a straitjacket
as the people in Armenia always being
threatened by rhetoric that was to be
quiet otherwise we would be in turmoil
we're a small country we cannot afford
upheaval but this is not true this
country was on the brink of being
imploded imploding within itself so they
were we were threatened by explosions
coming from outside but I think the
biggest threat was that for a third term
as a prime minister or otherwise celsa
Keystone wanted to hold to keep his grip
on the people but he is not desired by
the new young generations he is not
desired by the old generations by the
children women and men and everyone in
the Diaspora who now understands that we
also have a voice even if it were not
citizens of the country but we have an
obligation and a responsibility to be
attentive to what's going on in our
homeland but let's go to the thick of it
the heart of the demonstrations to Yemen
and bring in salfi Kazarian what is your
response to what happened you know Jane
our CNN has been on the streets here in
Gorky who has seen revolutions in
neighboring Georgia know very well that
what we have here is absolutely a joyful
situation but equally we
have a great deal of expectations even
some anxiety to deal with I'm also the
director of civil net which is a youth
run online television channel and these
kids they'll forgive me have been out in
the streets 24 hours a day over the last
two weeks and as thrilled as they are
with the fact that the people's demands
were met they also recognize that we
have a long road to cross we have
institutions to build we really need to
learn how to translate politics into
policy these are things we really
haven't learned very well over the last
30 years and so as happy as everyone is
the challenges before us and it's it's
ours to mess up it's a wonderful
opportunity for now a new generation
whose city sees a revolution the ones
who saw the revolution which is really
what it was in 1988 with the collapse of
the Soviet Union they are were quite
disenchanted now they are up very
pleased at what is really a second
opportunity as is the younger generation
and now we've got the hard work to do
yeah they've got to make good on a dent
they guilty Gogia before we get down to
what actually happened why he stepped on
what led him to do that tell me about
your response and and what sort of
impact you saw these protests having on
people their safety as well thank you
Jane let me start by congratulating
people of Armenia I think it's really
incredible moment and this is something
that it's really time to enjoy it
but the South Bay has mentioned there's
a there there there's a lot ahead is
also glad that we had mentioned the
journalists or older journalists have
played I mean last 11 days have not been
easy and I think journalists have been
above and beyond and they've been really
and the far front of covering 24 hour
and 24 hour regime the developments and
have been great support to the public at
large I think you know yesterday I have
to admit at yesterday when the talks
have
failed and now resigned Prime Minister
have mentioned an event of 10 years ago
March 1 2008 my heart sank because I was
there then and Human Rights Watch has
documented the the excessive use of
force by law enforcement that resulted
in dozens and dozens of injuries and
eight people and those 8 protesters and
to law enforcement dad so these can
could have gone wrong in so many ways
interview between the Prime Minister and
the opposition leader when the Prime
Minister stood up after a matter of
minutes and left I should imagine that
must have been such a concern because it
could have gone anyway exactly
I've been exactly it could I know this
was in the very short talk that between
Prime Minister and and physician leader
Nicole pacinian and friends there has
mentioned that you know have you not
learned the lesson from March 1 and my
heart sank because it was really and
it's a very bad reminder of how things
could have gone wrong in so many ways
and it has in the past including in
starting 2008 but including you know in
2016 when again law enforcement have
used excessive force stun grenades used
have bitten nonviolent peaceful
demonstrators in the streets and design
detained scores of people put charging
you know imposing excessive charges
against them and some of the trials are
still ongoing
from even 2016 so you know these could
have gone any way in madge amount and
many ways wrong so I'm really glad to
see that at least the the reason has won
at this time and the Prime Minister has
resigned
listening to the voices of the public
however there is a really long way to go
and as you know Prime Minister was
appointed by the ruling party and ruling
party has the majority in the parliament
they you know you know there will be the
ruling party will be in power to appoint
the new new Prime Minister and this this
goes back to the kind of lack of
legitimacy of the current leadership in
Armenia because of many years of
manipulation of elections you know
international observers just last year
when Parliament was lucky international
observers had spoken and have documented
except the vote buying vote manipulation
pressure on the voters so it is not just
a message to the now resigned Prime
Minister but the ruling party who has to
now understand that what public wants
and we make sure that let's bring in
response at this point to be yes go
ahead are the ruling party is not alone
it has its collaborators
its its its co-workers or another party
which is the armenian revolutionary
federation and i think this is an
incredible moment for the political
parties to really come together and and
see how they will deal with the new
institutional changes that are yes a
long way that we're gonna have to follow
because armenia has not had that
opportunity to find those institutional
structures that are gonna serve the
people but the i have to say that with
the mobilization that we did in 2000
between 2016 and 2017 for the elections
towards the presidential for a change
for a presidential system into a
parliamentary system that mobilization
was fraudulent but we did have outside
observers to come and actually see
outside observers meaning from the
diaspora and I think the the new new
Parliament was constructed around
fraudulent in a way system but I think
the long way that we're referring to now
is
for a change to understand that these
parties even if they are represented in
big numbers or they are in coalition
that they are they they have the
responsibility to start working in a
transparent and communicative way with
the people okay let me bring salted
soapy a different kind of approach
Sophie this is a challenge isn't it
considering that Parliament did say that
it was okay for him to become Prime
Minister so clearly there are supporters
there who wanted him to continue in this
role for for whatever reasons however
they benefited from him being a natural
so there's a lot you've got to undo
don't you before you move forward
actually that's all true however we do
have a constitution and the provisions
of the Constitution are very clear there
it's absolutely possible to call new
elections and once new elections are
called this is where the continuation of
the civic activism and the awareness
that this population has demonstrated
over these last two weeks is going to be
called up are we serious about clean new
transparent elections will the
Parliament that convenes again in a few
days understand the message of the
people regardless of what party they
belong to and understand that the
methods of operation have got to change
there are many people there with vested
interests will they say will they leave
will the people want them to stay the
continuation of what Georg II was
referring to a little while ago in terms
of the fact that this could have gone
any way is partly because the protesters
and the protest leaders were as adamant
about teaching as they were about
protesting they were consistently
calling for civil disobedience they were
explaining why this protest needs to be
decentralized and variegated in this
geography in its in its composition and
that same sort of awareness and civic
activism is going to have to continue
it's not about one man this guy broad
but it happens next and tell me before
we get to what happens next how did this
happen
and we were supposed to have his
spokesperson the Prime Minister's
spokesperson on our show he didn't know
until just before
started recording that this was going to
happen so it seemed to be a bit of a
surprise all around any idea what forces
worked on him to resign the people the
numbers of people on the streets and the
intensity of their both demands and
their physical presence the passion that
they've demonstrated the the the
continuing flow of support from the
diaspora
this was not an organized top-down
protest this was as bottom up a revolt
as there could be there were gatherings
of protests in the city centers of all
of the cities and in villages people
walked from the neighboring cities into
yet and on to protest this was
widespread and the only way to have
stopped it would really have been to
report divorce okay let me bring you all
gay and if I he's Charlie he had made a
promise that the people realized that it
was not being held he was not holding on
to his promise when the constant when
the referendum happened and there were
peace I mean enough cynicism around to
believe that the change of the
Constitution from presidential to
parliamentary is gonna secure a more
transparent and open and inclusive
environment sarah sarkeesian had made a
promise a pledge that he will not run
for the Prime Minister's office and I
think people believed as they have
believed in the last years of
independence often in in a in a good
will that change will happen and we have
seen and they have seen specifically
that there were always lies following
these promises and I think this time
people could not any further be taken
for incompetent civilians okay and I
think I think that question that you're
asking Jane is pertaining to a movement
that is a grassroots movement as salty
said absolutely
but the grassroot realized that now the
lie is too big when when the Prime
Minister is becoming the ex-president of
the country who has already made a very
clear
declaration that he will not run for
office yogi why do you think he wanted
to make that move in the first place I
mean was he looking at the region and he
thought well it worked for Putin
it worked for earlier one so it could
work for me I mean what was he thinking
well this was a clearly attempt to to
stay in power longer then in the
constitutional was initially described I
mean it I agree I mean 2014 when there
was a constitutional and changes in in
Armenia and moving from presidential to
parliamentary Republican he made a very
clear promise that this was not done for
him to come in power
unfortunately he broke his promise and
you know we've seen last week him being
appointed at the prime minister and
until very last moment he you know he
was not really openly saying that he was
going to break his promise although it
was becoming apparent furthermore I
think you know I what is clear here is
that this is not just about one person
stepping down I mean there are very real
grievances accumulated in public it is
very important for the ruling public
ruling power ruling party to listen to
what public really wants and it's a very
important step forward we can all now
speculate whether it will be new
elections you know it's one thing for
the for the prime minister to let the
power go to relinquish its power but
another thing is the ruling party
prepared to do the same I think when I
mentioned the democratic legitimacy of
the power it is really
a problem and there was this vacuum
because of the falsified because of
their vote-buying because of the
pressure that was happening on
electorate in the past few elections in
Armenia so it is imported now how do we
how do they overcome this I mean
Armenian you know public and government
has to decide what would be the next
step would be the new elections would be
appointing there some the Prime Minister
that will be acceptable for the larger
public because right now let's face it I
mean he still Republican Party and he's
the coalition members to have the
parliamentary majority that would enable
them to appoint a new power minister so
it's not about who the Prime Minister is
again I repeat myself but it's about
what are the grievance and these are
very real grievances grievances that you
know they are rampant corruption in the
country there is there is extreme
poverty there is Mahdi are Oleg ARCIC
rules that need to be broken down the
country is being is emptying itself from
its own citizens I mean we are really
thankful that we had the this movement
coming from the youth and out of all
generations but the country's biggest
challenge right now beyond the economic
is the fact that people are leaving the
country and a country that has no
population doesn't have any reason to be
called the country so we also have
political prisoners that are right now
because of freedom of speech or because
of what Nicole pacinian undertook in the
past when they have tried to be creating
those movements under the two mandates
of presidency of self sarkeesian the
police violence and the lack of
opportunity for people to express their
will and their voice has been so strong
that beyond the symbolic I think the
practical elements are the two major
issues of Armenia which is depopulation
and political prisoners and I think any
new reform that is going to take place
through parliamentary voice is gonna
have to address also this because
economically the country can put itself
back into a good system
the oligarchic monopolization of the
riches of the country goes beyond the
hands of those people who are
non-elected illegitimate people who are
representing the major Republican Party
and the oligarchic system itself is
being challenged okay I think by the
resignation or self sake stand they
understood one thing that if it's no one
person now it's gonna be spread to the
entire government that represents the
mentality of sarkeesian or the kind of
governance that sarkeesian overlooked
okay sorry let me just pull this out a
little bit more if I may with selfie
what do you think regionally will happen
now I mean how is Russia for example
viewing what's going on here close ally
we know that Armenia tried to limp its
way towards the EU that didn't work so
how will the geopolitics play out now so
I that's exactly the question and it
adds to what our scene has said yes
there are demographic issues yes there
are political prisoners but there are
serious regional challenges there are
issues of Economic Development which at
the end of the day are the issues that
will help resolve all of the other
problems and you know it's very hard to
imagine a set of institutions that have
modified themselves to become
instruments of holding onto power rather
than actually doing what they do that
includes the institutions of higher
education it includes the media it
includes the customs service this is
really deep and of course it includes
all of the regional relations at the end
of the day Armenia's choices given the
geographic and geopolitical situation
are Mina's choices are limited Armenia
cannot and will not choose between
Russia and the West and Armenia can and
has in the past managed to maintain that
balance I think that at the end of the
day if Armenia manages to govern itself
in the way in which it wants Russia will
not be the obstacles certainly to that
the challenge really is ours and of
course it's to create a democratically
legitimate government
in fact negotiate a peace with
Azerbaijan over nagorno-karabakh there's
no going back to 1988 we need to go
forward and that those regional
relationships affect our relationship
with Georgia they certainly affect our
relationship with Turkey and to some
extent with Iran and so this new process
of building institutions political
economic educational social they have to
go deep the public has to trust its
leadership in order to trust a peace
deal and Russia is part of that formula
but certainly not the deciding factor
here both internally and regionally
interesting time for Armenia will it be
able to do it this is a dramatic change
I mean a lot of expectations in the
public in the streets so it's very very
important that government really hears
the grievances that are accumulated in
the public and respond to them it's
institutions are not going to be built
overnight but it is very important to
start it and start it the right way I
won't be able to comment on a regional
thing I can talk about human rights
challenges of of Armenia including the
lack of independence of judiciary
including the ongoing trials including
the including the excessive use of by
lowing a force of by law enforcement
they are many many human right
challenges that Armenia has so it's very
important the public has spoken it's
very important that you know for public
to celebrate what they have achieved so
far but it's not over it's important to
methodically step by step make the
change and and and and build the
institutions that are so much lacking
right now in Armenia one of the reasons
that people have been living the country
the reason for the population is
actually the disillusionment that people
had with the justice system because they
were not finding it they were not
finding justice in Armenia and they were
choosing to live or abroad so it seemed
like we're gonna have people facing
institutions restore people facing
injustice and let's leave it on those
those wise words from gyoji Gogia
Sonique engine and soapy Azaria thank
you very much and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
if you wish any time by visiting our
website at desire comm for further
discussion go to our Facebook pages
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at AJ inside story
mine is at Jane Dutton and for me Jane
Christine
you
