waleed radwan is back home after three
weeks in prison his crime a post on his
Facebook page read one was charged with
slander of public officials under
Lebanon's Criminal Code his detention is
becoming part of what human rights
groups call a disturbing pattern Lebanon
is supposed to be a country of freedoms
and not a dictatorship instead there's
no freedom and there are many dictators
all I did was write a post on Facebook I
was summoned investigated and imprisoned
in his post radwan criticized Prime
Minister saddle Harry Lee for not
standing up to the lebanese armed group
Hezbollah whose members are indicted by
a UN Court in the assassination of Prime
Minister Rafik Al Hadid II he wrote in
his post let us see if you can form a
government or take any decision without
the consent of your father's murderers
whadya a smart a longtime defender of
human rights accuses those in power of a
campaign of intimidation and creating an
atmosphere of fear as Maher says
activists are increasingly being
summoned by the cyber crimes Bureau one
case involved a post that addressed the
president with complaints including
turning the country into a family home
he was criticizing the president
explaining that we have to electricity
bill to water bill
we were the oasis of freedom and in the
end in the Middle East so unfortunately
today we are pushing more and more to be
lift like Egypt or Sisi
Syria or Bashar Assad some politicians
are trying to fight back among them one
time journalist a member of parliament
Paulo jacobian but she says legislative
changes may not be enough we are in a
country where people are terrorized
because they just you know give an
opinion do we need the judge to be
strong enough
- not to listen to politicians the
problem starts with this political caste
many Lebanese are denouncing the
detention of people for peaceful
criticism while the Constitution
guarantees freedom of expression
protesters say libel laws are being used
to silence critics we contacted the
Internal Security Forces cyber crimes
Bureau for comment but they haven't
responded to our request human rights
groups say at least 40 people have been
summoned
since 2016 for what they expressed
online some lycra Dwan spent time in
prison he may now be free but his
freedom has its limits senator al
jazeera Beirut
