it takes days sometimes weeks for one of
South Sudan's most popular musicians and
Manuel Kambei to write record and
produce his songs yet despite his
dedication he benefits very little from
the finished product in South Sudan
basically copyright law is not exist so
we're musicians we spend time money and
energy to produce but there's no any law
that protects our rights like in other
countries even the neighbor in the
neighboring countries like Sudan Uganda
so like good musicians produce music at
least they earn something out of their
work but it's also done no Emmanuel is
one of more than 50 artists in South
Sudan all facing the same problem
musicians writers and poets are all
suffering because there are no laws in
place to protect their work now many
prefer to have their work produced in
other countries where there is copyright
legislation we in South Sudan and South
Sudan does and I clearly have a cop
right the societal copyright system here
I wanted to try to publish in Uganda I
would publish them in Uganda definitely
but it would I would still maintain that
identity of South Sudanese poet who is
publishing in Uganda there are no
distribution companies in South Sudan
it's not seen as a worthwhile investment
but that doesn't mean artists works are
not being sold it's repeating the work
of artists without their permission
isn't difficult
you bring a stick or drive to a music
seller here in the market and choose the
music you want
he'll copy it and you'll pay and it will
cost less than a dollar then you can
reproduce songs using the music and the
lyrics and the artists don't even know
that their music is being sold on
government has taken little interest in
the arts and literature sector
especially after a civil war broke out
in 2013
tens of thousands of people have been
killed and a third of the country's 12
million population displaced but the
government says it is now working on a
bill and forming a Council to protect
the intellectual property of artists
until will be formed soon by the
by the approval of the the cabinet so
that we will become umbrella and then at
this same time will confirm that we have
a body that we can't give him we can
give this body a policy become this this
body a law so that we we talked about
protection for a manual and other
artists this provides some hope that in
the future it is they who will benefit
financially from their words and music
not an unknown third party people Morgan
al Jazeera Jubal
