a country suffering record levels of
violence governed by a president who
many believe has run out of answers
that's Mexico where murders have risen
to the highest point in two decades but
in a couple of months a new leader will
be elected the first presidential debate
was the chance for candidates to say
exactly how they'll stop the killing the
country was looking on it may have been
disappointed
bullets were brandished graphs were held
aloft but beneath the posturing analysts
said that fresh ideas were lacking the
one brand new one this misses hidan was
more geranyl Emanuel we need to chop the
hand off any public servants who steal
it's not a bad thing even the moderator
was stomach about explica me but
followed other proposals were less
extreme but very general more and better
trained police a truly independent
attorney general an increase in
intelligence gathering capacities to
deal with organized crime it's all been
heard before and there was little detail
on why it would work this time we did
see most of the presidential candidates
agree on the fact that the current
strategy isn't working which is smart
given that we're seeing such a record
levels of violence in Mexico but none of
them really came to the table with any
new ideas or any substantial concepts
that they're going to introduce if they
win the election frontrunner Andras
Manuel Lopez Obrador had said something
new on the campaign trail that he might
consider amnesty for some criminals he
was repeatedly asked to elaborate on
that he didn't see our money card all my
words have been twisted saying that I
intend to free all criminals from jail
what I think is that we have to deal
with the root causes of the violence
above all combating poverty he knows
better seeding he's far ahead in the
opinion polls and can probably afford to
dodge questions but the other candidates
have two months to show that they have a
better plan to beat mexico's ongoing and
still growing problem John Holman al
Jazeera Mexico City
