the outcome was never really in doubt
mario abdominus is Colorado Party has
governed Paraguay for about four years
since 1947
his father was private secretary for
long serving dictator Alfredo Stroessner
the only surprise was that the margin of
victory was not as great as that
suggested by the opinion polls
I hold my dear Paraguay here and I will
not bring this honor I will honor with
the transparent honest administration
and with the character to confront the
vices that destroy the hope of our
nation it doesn't matter who the
adversaries of our people are the
adversaries of the people are going to
be the adversaries of the next president
of the Republic of Paraguay it's not
clear which adversaries he's referring
to Paraguay his economy especially
agriculture is growing although more
than a quarter of its nearly 7 million
inhabitants live in poverty a landlocked
country in the heart of South America it
is little known by its neighbors and
less so by the rest of the world the
defeated candidate was hoping to tackle
that situation I handle International
Relations so I know about your concerns
you don't need to worry our
international relations are in very good
hands
hence that you will also defend human
rights you will face the defense of
freedom head-on you know me this is not
just a speech this is my life testimony
I don't trick non-negotiation outgoing
president or a CEO card Dez was
prevented from changing the constitution
to allow him to stand for re-election by
an electorate often suspicious of its
politicians but invested in democracy
after generations of political turmoil
followed by a brutal dictatorship the
truth is that the people are very
hopeful about these elections because we
are dealing with an exorbitant amount of
corruption where the parliamentarians
themselves have committed gross acts of
corruption in these elections we hope to
establish a better future for the
country because lately we've been
disappointed with the government's
economic plan we are living through
total uncertainty we're voting for
change for hope although there is
complete uncertainty about the
candidates proposals let's see what
happens the newly elected president
known as Marie taught to his followers
takes office in August he's promised to
continue driving economic growth while
opposing social change such as the
legalization of abortion and same-sex
marriage
and exclusive the majority you like
Paraguay just the way it is
then you find there al Jazeera what
Osiris
