joining us now from London is Diego Moya
or Campos a senior analyst for the
Americas with IHS market thanks very
much for being with us so what should
Cubans make then or what should they
expect from mr. Diaz Cannell because he
is kind of an unknown quantity isn't he
absolutely what we can expect from ele a
canal is policy continuity and gradual
economic reform but no democratic
political opening or googas moving
towards a more pluralistic political
system and why do you think that is is
it because he's kind of still trying to
strike a balance between the two and
knowing as well that Raul Castro is
still there in the background yeah I
mean you know turns Miguel da canal
policies don't differ much from those of
indeed former President Raul Castro the
canal is Raul Castro's boy and change
will continue being steered by Raul
Castro who will remain the head of the
Communist Party in Cuba which is the one
which calls the shots and the our canal
will try to enable change in a way that
it will not make feel uncomfortable the
old Castro the old Cuban Revolutionary
Guard and the security apparatus so we
expect change and a gradual continuing
opening of Cuba's economy to foreign
direct investment to the private sector
but at the pace to which you know again
the security apparatus the Communist
Party old guard will feel comfortable
the fact is though that the Cuban
economy is is suffering badly at the
moment and there is an argument that
there is a need to unshackle the state
resources a little bit and open things
up because that is what Cubans need I
mean how how great is that pressure
there's a huge need for that especially
as a grown ass Venezuela's economy
continues under pressure Venezuela no
longer sends 100 South and barrels of
oil per day to Cuba as he was the case
some years ago when it's what is
currently sending 40,000 barrels of oil
per day and this remains Cuba's main
source of income over remittances over
revenues from the tourist sector so
indeed as Venezuela's economy continues
under pressure and as a potential for
more US sanctions on Venezuela more
isolation of that economy continue
increasing so will Cuba have more and
more need to indeed open up the economy
the military plays a key role in the
security a part of plays a key role
behind the scenes controlling the
economy and any gradual opening of the
economy will have to be done at a pace
at which it will not increase the hopes
or the expectations of the local
population that indeed this end former
end of the Castros era will come up with
a democratic political opening and what
about the Trump factor because we've
seen this sudden slide in in relations
with the u.s. since he became president
not long after diplomatic relations were
restored after 50 over 50 years or so
what's the potential impact of that
certainly I mean we expect that the
relation between the u.s. and Cuba will
continue a terror 18 reproach Minh
efforts advanced by former President
Barack Obama have been reverted at the
moment what we expect from the US
administration of incumbent president AB
Donald Trump is that he will continue
constraining or restraining US
investment towards Cuba and that he will
continue pushing for more restrictions
in terms of trade it is highly unlikely
that the relation between the u.s. and
Cuba will improve and indeed it is
highly unlikely that the US embargo will
be lifted anytime soon Diego Moya
ocampos thanks for being with us Thank
You Hasan a pleasure
