before the athletes from more than 200
countries start to compete this is a
celebration of the often maligned
Olympic ideals this is when the Youth
Olympic Games truly belonged to the
people of Wayne Osiris the opening
ceremony in the street rather than in a
sporting arena a celebration of
Argentine life and culture to share with
the rest of the world the organizers
said they want these Youth Olympic Games
to be as inclusive as possible and
heightened times and visitors from
around the world have certainly come out
in large numbers for this opening
ceremony this is the biggest sporting
event Argentina has hosted in 40 years
and the biggest sporting event but most
of the 4,000 athletes will have
participated in porn events have been
added
karate roller sports sport climbing and
breakdancing we aim to make the Olympics
more relevant to the next generation and
to use and to tackle issues concerning
wider society such as race and gender
equality
I think the point here is has to use
this process a tool against this these
problems just to empower the young
women's and women's in general just to
feel more confident
the debate is part of what's been called
Olympism in action using sport tackle
major issues that concern the younger
generation over the next 12 days it's
the sport that will take center stage
the third Youth Olympic Games have begun
will shrine the route to Xena when
Osiris
