this isn't the first time Travis
Reinking has been in trouble with the
law he was arrested by the Secret
Service in July 2017 for trespassing in
a restricted area near the White House
his weapons were seized his firearm
permit revoked yet the 29 year old
managed to get his weapons back the guns
were returned by Tazewell County
authorities to Reyn king's father who
has now acknowledged giving them back to
his son
police say Reinking used one of those
returned weapons an ar-15 rifle in the
shooting he sat in his parked truck
wearing only a jacket then he targeted
people outside the Waffle House
restaurant inside the Nashville business
he opened fire again until a customer
wrestled him I managed to get him with
one hand on the gun and they're not
grabbed it from him not threw it over
the counter top gun control has long
been debated in the u.s. lobbying on
both sides has done little to reach
legislative consensus we need
comprehensive gun reform to address mass
shootings domestic shootings accidental
shootings and homicides if we can all
just come together for this and for the
greater good we can take these weapons
of war off the streets of our country
the incident will likely highlight the
gun control debate in the US including
further measures on mental health
screenings scheherazade gufu al jazeera
