cleric armored doc Holmes death provoked
an outpouring of grief in the southern
city of Aden
he's one of at least 25 clerics
preachers and religious scholars killed
in the South of Yemen in just over two
years most of them in just the last six
months what is the crime
what is justification we call on all of
those who have a conscience
to do something no one has claimed
responsibility for the killings 12
political parties have said they believe
the killer's targeted clerics who
supported Yemen's exiled president Abed
Rabbo Mansour Hadi and many reportedly
had links to the Isla party the Yemeni
branch of the Muslim Brotherhood and
Hadees leading a lie in the South I
think they're being targeted for their
religious beliefs and quite possibly
because they're linked many of them to
the is la partie it's not clear who's
doing the targeting although there are
widely held beliefs on the ground don't
think it's being done by the UAE backed
forces the killings focus attention on a
new layer of complexity developing in
Yemen's Civil War the Houthis controlled
this area in the North including the
capital sana and are supported by Iran
their fighting forces loyal to exiled
president Hadi whose power bases here in
the south and includes Aden al-qaeda
controls these areas in black three
years ago the saudi-led coalition
stepped in to back headies forces a
coalition that includes the United Arab
Emirates from that time the UAE has
concentrated on growing its influence in
the South and large part by funding and
training armed Yemeni groups each with
different agendas and which appear to be
at odds for the saudi-led coalition one
of them is the Shivani
elite forces they're a mix of hardline
groups and secessionists who want the
south to break away from the rest of
Yemen completely something Saudi Arabia
is opposed to and now there is the
security belt forces in Aden there
been openly fighting Hades forces the
very group the saudi-led coalition
stepped in to support proxy forces don't
necessarily want the same thing and it's
quite possible that the governments of
UAE and Saudi are also after slightly
different outcomes in Yemen the level
below containing Iranian influence the
killings have prompted dozens of
religious leaders to abandon their
mosques and seek refuge elsewhere it's
the latest twist in the three-year long
civil war which has killed thousands and
threatened FEMEN for millions of Yemenis
Marianna haand
al Jazeera
