life on Britain's waterways moves at an
unhurried pace Rose Parnas pilots
pleasure boats of reaches canal in
London these wants neglecting back
waters are attracting new life before I
worked on the waterways I was close to
leaving London I think there's something
about the community that lives around
the water there's something about water
in itself that's quite calming there's
so many activities that you can do down
here this is a small section of a 3,000
kilometre network of canals and
navigable rivers in the UK many canals
were built in the early 19th century
during Britain's industrial revolution
to move heavy goods such as iron and
coal today only 5% are used to transport
goods most are simply about fun
but with British roads becoming
increasingly congested environmental
groups are encouraging more companies to
move from wheels to water today there
are more boats on the waterways than
there were at the height of the
Industrial Revolution but they tend to
be used for leisure purposes for living
and for holidays the canals have become
a focus for revival as so where there
used to be kind of a national disgrace
there now the focus for some of the some
of the kind of biggest urban
regeneration projects across the country
shipping emits less carbon than other
forms of transport according to
government findings the most damaging
way of hauling cargo is by Road banned
for air quality and costly to maintain
so why don't more companies use inland
waterways water transport is slow only 8
kilometers an hour on inner city canals
but there's an attractive economy of
scale that fast-growing ports like this
on London's River Thames are exploiting
the rivers been deepened to allow
massive tankers closer to the capital
Britain's waterways were once the
arteries of the industrial revolution
and with the UK now poised to exit the
EU they could play another vital role in
bringing the world's goods to the UK and
the UK's goods to the rest of the world
during the building of London's Olympic
Park 2 million tons of building material
arrived at construction sites by water
helping to deliver one of the greenest
games in history several British
supermarkets are now also conducting
shipping trials on the country's
waterways many of these industrial
relics could soon play a role in
steering the economy of the future neve
Barger al jazeera London
