this is one way North Koreans relaxed at
the weekend the last few days have been
a diplomatic roller coaster but as
people enjoy the funfair in Pyongyang
they're unaware of much of what's
happened ordinary people have not been
told the CIA director came here secretly
that their leader is negotiating with
the u.s. all that he's planning a
face-to-face meeting with the country's
sworn enemy Donald Trump so when you ask
people here about Trump they tell you
what they've been told repeatedly in the
past by the state-controlled media every
Korean gets furious when we hear what
Trump says he threatens to annihilate
the entire Korean nation is even a human
he is a wolf down by the river
they were playing volleyball this is
where I met a young medical student
American people American government I
hate America I don't why all the Korean
people meet at the prison no date or
venue has yet been set for the meeting
between supreme leader Kim jong-un and
President Trump one reports as the u.s.
leader would like to meet him alone with
only interpreters diplomats here have
told me that would give Kim who knows
the nuclear issue intimately a big
advantage Kim jong-un is half the age of
Donald Trump but he's already run this
country for more than six years and
while the Trump administration's policy
on North Korea has evolved during more
than one year in office the North Korean
leader has built on the nuclear strategy
he inherited from his father and
from his grandfather James BAE's al
Jazeera Pyongyang
