police say a suicide bomber detonated
explosives at the doorway of a voter
registration center in Kabul where
Afghans receive identification cards for
elections in October at the scene we
helped many wounded people to carry them
to the hospital all the victims were
women and children who were here to get
their identity cards and registration
for election the blast happened in
western Kabul where many of the minority
Shia Hazara community live it's the
latest in a series of attacks on voter
registration centers they opened just
last week part of the long process to
get Afghans properly registered
allegations of fraud have long plagued
elections in Afghanistan the
registration process is designed to
guard against that the Independent
Election Commission says it hopes as
many as 15 million people will register
for the parliamentary and District
Council elections but the Election
Commissioner admits turnout so far is
already low a senior member of the
Afghan army had told Afghans they would
be safe that Afghan forces would be
there to maintain security at voter
registration centers this latest blasts
will do little to reassure Afghans it's
worth the risk
million haand al Jazeera
