this is a zr Argento one of Italy's best
known actresses in October last year the
US magazine The New Yorker published
Argento's allegations of sexual assault
at the hands of Harvey Weinstein the
reaction Argento received in the Italian
news media was very different didn't
charity 12 antennae dopo you not to
overdo it to come from Palm Pavan yeah
called
your sin T I interviewed a seer jente a
few days after her story was published
in The New Yorker she couldn't stand the
public abuse anymore the editor-in-chief
of the newspaper Libre was extremely
brutal really attacking her la reacci√≥n
a war Oh tener a day for e a doubt the
leprous person is Safari Academy I think
Ana prostitution
you know rethink a poster of sis I
wouldn't say his comments were sexy you
have to know the man it is well known
that his journalistic career and his
reputation are based on how direct in
are plenty cuts to the chase there are
fit what few s not all cassava ser
Dontos case is really a typical example
of the recurring stereotypes and
misrepresentation in media coverage of
sexual violence cases against women
there's a tendency to split the
victories of sexual harassment into two
categories the innocent ones and the
women who asked for it
Rema a consent a poisoner pentaquark
something I was really struck by is that
in much of the coverage of the Aussie
Argento affair the article or the report
would be illustrated with a picture from
a film she had starred in in which she
played a lap dancer who kissed a dog It
was as if to say look how dubious her
morals are do be immoral itani questa
persona imaginative okapi Runa chatter
respond ability' afar equals echo
support the entire new film oh no I
think the treatment of Isaiah Argento
proved to be quite illuminating in terms
of why women won't talk or why they may
be reluctant to point the finger at
powerful figures deporte the treatment
of Argento contrasted sharply with what
was happening in the US media where
allegations of harassment were being met
with solidarity let me be very clear
there is no excuse for this alleged
behavior it is systemic and pervasive
and accountability was a stunning
headline to wake up to Matt Lauer the
longtime host of The Today Show has been
fired six months on from the Weinstein
revelations more than a dozen major
media personality is accused of
harassment in the United States have
either resigned or been sacked in Italy
there have been no expose Ayers of
harassment in the news media industry
yet according to Solan De Luca a
television presenter and producer such
stories are not hard to find more
peaceful very often before becoming a
journalist they used to say to me you
want to become a journalist come out
with me if you want the job you need to
do something for me
sometimes it was more subtle I would
like to see you tonight in a dress I got
harassed when I worked to dry our public
broadcaster Danny when I was at Sky
Italia one night I was working late
alone with my editor-in-chief and we
disagreed on a couple of things he
looked at me and said if you want to
play who's got the bigger you're making
a big mistake
I was quite frightened to be honest I
didn't know how to react
I was speechless enormous sense at all
events ocasion problema que para smell
is everywhere literally just because
there have been no denunciations today
doesn't mean it isn't happening in the
media as well the problem is it's
difficult to expose such cases
especially when they happen in the
industry that is supposed to be doing
the exposure the end the increase would
share their Italian media Italian
television especially have become
notorious for how they treat and
represent women objectification
stereotyping and worse are common last
year on channel 5 Italy's second most
watched channel the talent show amici
staged an elaborate prank on a pop
singer imagine a karate studio man
ballerina no Stoke on pigeon serie
Valera molt Atrato desuka
what happened on the set of amici was an
extreme case but very much part of a
trend that began on the same TV network
in the 1980s with the liberalisation of
the media
Italy's future Prime Minister Silvio
Berlusconi founded the media set Empire
semi-naked show girls usually alongside
much older men soon became the formula
to follow so much so they got a label in
the industry the balloon of anything he
shares just term refers specifically to
the women who featured in a satirical
news show from 1988 called special on
Aditya they would deliver the news to
the two male hosts who would then read
it out as competition between TV
channels intensified the presence of
beautiful young half-naked women became
a standard gimmick and TV entertainment
media said especially offers a rich
gallery of examples
Papa DC must be neat tiki-taka child
Arwen there are lots of shows that still
use women this way in a darling Christos
and ok they are still villain especially
not easy but it's in the name of satire
you can make the same criticisms about
cheerleaders at sport events in the u.s.
in a way it's like a beauty pageant
Americans love to give a smaller
lectures but they even have cheerleading
competitions to me this seems much more
sexist while the men are shown as
athletes the women just have to throw
their legs up in the air I think that's
disgraceful
when you're living in a society the
leaner are the symbol of a way of making
TVs the concept of a woman who's on
stage and maybe dances but doesn't speak
they don't represent actual women it's
an idea that was manufactured to serve
the entertainment industry by taking a
stereotype to be extreme it was a way to
satisfy a particular idea of what the
average Italian viewer wants a viewer
that paradoxically is always assumed to
be male there's never an average female
viewer there are no male valina
the fact that it has overwhelmingly been
men deciding what Italian audiences want
to see on screen and in the papers only
partly explains the enduring sexism in
the country's media after all male
executives dominate media boardrooms in
most countries another factor a more
telling one is the power imbalance
between men and women in Italian society
according to a recent index by the World
Economic Forum Italy has the widest
gender gap in Western Europe but some
see signs that things are changing
slowly for the better including in the
media she's no karate-do a skater in
Italy there's a divide on one side the
older conservative people who don't
acknowledge or even see the problem on
the other side there's a younger
generation who are more open more
whirling and more critical a major
difference between the era when the
valina became popular and today is that
we're no longer limited to just Italian
TV it's much easier to see what's going
on in other parts of the world there's
no question that sexism in Italian
television is alive and well but there
has been a change in the way such
blatantly sexist practices are received
by the public for instance in March 2017
there was this high program parlez
Armani savato which asked why Italian
men have a preference for Eastern
European women there was a big reaction
against it on social media to the extent
that the producers decided to cancel the
show the changes here have not been as
dramatic as we might have seen with the
me to campaign in the US but awareness
is growing and society is changing
slowly we all have to make sure that
these baby steps continue and get ever
bigger one of the Valastro sempre of you
as far as your are gentle since her
bruising encounters with italian media
she has said the country's climate of
tension and culture of victim blaming
was too much for her and her family and
she spends much of her time outside
Italy
