North Korea regularly tested
increasingly threatening ballistic
missiles last year including weapons
that could have the range to hit the
United States in September it conducted
its most powerful nuclear bomb test now
North Korea says those tests are over to
lift a short tear Peck we will
discontinue nuclear testing an
intercontinental ballistic rocket test
firing from April 21st the northern
nuclear test ground of the DPRK will
also be dismantled to transparently
guarantee the discontinuance of nuclear
testing it's welcome news for the US
president who's planning to meet North
Korea's leader Kim jong-un within weeks
Donald Trump tweeted North Korea has
agreed to suspend all nuclear tests and
close up a major test site this is very
good news for North Korea and the world
big progress look forward to our summit
state media says Kim jong-un made the
announcement as he chaired a meeting of
the Workers Party Central Committee a
gathering to rubber-stamp the Supreme
Leader's decisions it was at a similar
meeting five years ago that Kim unveiled
his signature policy to prioritize the
development of nuclear weapons and the
economy the message from the leader now
is that weapons program development is
complete and the focus will shift to the
economy currently under pressure from a
us-led sanctions campaign would you call
Kim Jong unclarified but now that the
DPRK is position as a world level
Politico ideological and military power
has been successfully established it is
the strategic line of the Workers Party
to concentrate all efforts of the whole
party and country on the socialist
economic construction Kim is apparently
seeking to cement his position on the
world stage
following his meeting in Beijing last
month with China's President Xi Jinping
talks with CIA director Mike Pompeo in
Pyongyang and ahead of a historic summit
with South Korea's president moon jae-in
on Friday South Korea welcomed the
announcement calling North Korea's
decision meaningful progress for the
denuclearization of the
Riaan peninsula the president's office
said it will contribute to creating a
positive environment for the success of
the upcoming inter-korean and us North
Korea summits China has also welcomed
the announcement while japan's Prime
Minister was more cautious towards me
North Korea's announcement is forward
motion that I'd like to welcome but
what's important is that this motion
leads to complete verifiable and
irreversible andleman of North Korea's
nuclear and missile programs
North Korea's promise to stop weapons
testing didn't go that far it pledged to
never use nuclear weapons unless there
are nuclear threats and nuclear
provocations against it Kathy Novak al
Jazeera Seoul
