not him sang there's women and men on
the streets of Sao Paulo they're asking
the undecided voters to vote for anyone
except Jean Valjean ro the former army
captain who is leading the presidential
race in Brazil 14 candidates are running
for Brazil's presidency but polls say
it's become a two-man race between
Bolton ro and Fernando Haddad who
replaced former president Lula da Silva
as the Workers Party candidate Elysee
Pereira says that if volson ro is
elected people like her will be at risk
her whole family took to the streets to
support her dad's campaign things were
different when Lula was in power we had
schools my son is a professor now
because he went to school Luna gave
opportunities to the people and her dad
will continue this policy Lula da Silva
who is serving a 12-year sentence for
corruption was banned from running
it's like voting for Brazil's former
president Lula da Silva the problem is
that that strategy didn't work in many
parts of the country where people are
furious with a corruption that happened
while the Workers Party was in power in
spite of the criticism also narrows
numbers have continued to rise since he
was tabbed earlier in September even
among those who once voted for Lula
while Senado has expressed his
admiration for Brazil's former
dictatorship wants obligatory birth
control for poor people and once Brazil
out of the UN because he says it's run
by communists and Ray Lewis says he will
vote for him I'm certain that the change
in Brazil will start with a new attitude
and a new political structure we have to
banish the corrupt politicians
analysts say there's a reason why Wall
sanada's popularity has radically
increased in the past month was this
attack on balsa narrow which was a shock
for the country but the most important
thing was that Paulson era now had free
air time not as an advertiser but in the
in the headlines he was always in the
news even though wall so narrow may win
this election round poll suggests he
will have to go to a second round in the
ballots it is then when these people
hope center-left parties will unite
against the one man they see as a threat
terasawa
al jazeera Sao Paulo
