welcome to Pyongyang certainly the
cleanest most orderly and probably the
most controlled place I've ever visited
rush hour in the city yet the traffic is
light the roads are quiet although all
of them are little bumpy
there's no doubt this is an extremely
hardworking society everyone striving
for the good of the states this is how
workers the center and drums in this
city the portraits and the statues tell
the story of this isolated nation run by
three men all from one family the
grandfather and the country's founder
Kim il-sung the father Kim jong-il and
the son the current leader Kim jong-un
we were told he's too modest to have
mosaics made of him but he's everywhere
on the state-controlled media on
television and in the newspapers in the
center of the city the tallest landmark
the juichi tower jiu zhai or
self-reliance is the governing principle
of this nation of 25 million people our
guide explained it's not about
self-reliance of the individual but
instead that individual Koreans must do
all they can to make their nation
self-reliant we are holding the
self-reliance upholding the self-reliant
self-reliance in building the socialist
power nation so that's the main point
and the nuclear weapons of course yes we
made the nuclear weapons by our own
effort where and technique yes that's
the main point of the to Tokyo for years
North Koreans have been told the nuclear
program is something that will keep
their country strong and that the u.s.
is their mortal enemy both the messages
that will now need modification as talks
approach under some of the stiffest
international sanctions ever imposed
North Koreans say Gucci or self-reliance
is the answer in the subway trains
inherited from East Germany are growing
old
a handful of new carriages were produced
in North Korea we were told this seat
was designed by kim jeong-hoon
himself it seems the leader takes direct
interest in many areas of national life
he made a visit to the main shoe factory
at the plant producing the korean
national dish
kimchi made of pickled vegetables we
were told the air conditioning system
was supervised by the supreme leader and
as in old people's home we were told he
was the architect of this staircase such
benevolence is of course matched by
total respect kim jeong-hoon
has never granted an audience to the
international media he's never given an
interview I got about as close as an
outsider can get to him I was attending
a performance of a visiting Chinese
ballet company in Pyongyang when supreme
leader kim entered the theater the crowd
clapped continuously a standing ovation
with cries of hooray hooray hooray it
only stopped when he himself signaled
with his hands James BAE's al Jazeera
Pyongyang
