this is a date plantation on one of
around 30 illegal Israeli settlements in
the Jordan Valley and the occupied West
Bank in 1967 Israel seized control of
all water sources in the newly occupied
territories rights groups say Israel
uses water to control Palestinians and
force them from their land
this video shows Israeli authorities
guarded by soldiers destroying a
Palestinian farmers water pipe they said
he didn't have the license for it the
army came the pipes were laid from the
gate all the way down there was a new
line the army destroyed it we were
planting watermelons half of which died
under the 1995 Oslo Accords what was
supposed to be a five-year interim
agreement gives Israel 80% of the water
from three aquifers in the West Bank
Palestinians are supposed to get the
remaining 20% but almost 25 years later
they still don't get that amount and the
Palestinian population of the West Bank
has nearly doubled around 300
Palestinian families used to farm the
land in this area but in the 1980s a
number of illegal Israeli settlements
were built close by and all of to
provide those settlements with water a
number of wells like the one you can see
on the hill behind me were also built
and it's because of those wells and the
amount of water that they take that the
vast majority of Palestinian farmers
have been forced to leave
Jassa Derek Muir says his livelihood has
been almost completely destroyed I mean
what about if you take out water then
give me an alternative we're shocked by
their politics and racism it's not
normal it's inhumane Israeli military
training camps and firing ranges also
encroach into Palestinian farmland a
water pipe runs up the mountain to an
Israeli army camp close to where Paul
Hahn Basharat grazes his sheep but he
can't use that water and instead has to
rely on costly deliveries by truck yes I
feel desperate imagine when you see
water next to you
but you can't drink it even when it's
coming from our land under the Oslo
agreement the Palestinian Authority has
to buy water from Israel and all
Palestinian water projects in the West
Bank require approval from the Israeli
Palestinian joint water committee
analysts say it's weighted very much in
Israel's favor the structure itself
gives the Israelis veto right in other
words there's relief they distribute the
Palestinian application to 16
departments Israeli departments and any
one of these departments says no the
project will be killed what's being
described as Israel's water war is
killing off Palestinian agriculture at
an alarming rate Chance trafford al
Jazeera the occupied West Bank what
