I'm James Moore on Google training for
the world's toughest and most extreme
bicycle race the trans-siberian extreme
I'm the first African in first black
person to ever qualify for the event I'm
going through a lot I can just define
myself as a winning a survivor at the
age of like several days I got bond then
again my dad when I was of several
months my dad was reversing the kind he
drove on me and then here came me being
shot as I was trying to help my dad
I was shot four times the first time
they shot me at the chest then the
second time they showed me their
shoulder two more bullets were lodged in
my chest I'm lucky that they didn't hit
my my spinal cord you know even getting
to an external being taken to the
mortuary people believing that I was
dead and I have a chemo that that means
I'm a survivor and there was a reason a
special purpose why I survived it all
that I have felt the less privileged
because it's my responsibility realized
that some of them have to be changed and
I believe if I go to bed at night having
not changed the life of person or
inspired somebody positively then I've
wasted my day so if I don't help them if
I don't inspire people then I'm nothing
I can again I can be proud that I'm
successful I can be successful at all
I'm putting myself through this house
because I want to confront myself that
I'm not surviving on that winner I'm a
hero just as my dad told me when he's
just about to die and believing that I'm
a hero isn't enough I have to prove it
and that's why I have to do this
