anti-government protests in Nicaragua
are unusual but they're happening now
it started when pensions were cut by 5%
and employees social security
contributions were raised slightly I am
here because I'm indignant
I'm indignant that my grandparents are
going to receive five percent less of
their already anemic pensions after
having poured for forty five years that
is not money that are being lent that is
money that they already paid him so he
bother me he bothered me and it could
not remain sitting any longer several
people have been killed and many others
injured in running battles between
protesters and police Street barricades
have been thrown up and students have
occupied at least one University the
government sought to restrict coverage
of the protests cutting the signal of at
least three channels which was showing
them independent media say that's a
clear violation of the freedom of the
press these are acts of repression and
unexplainable censorship by the
government the government has been very
secretive in releasing information to
the public but this censorship is at a
new level the vice president and first
lady
Rosario Maria has described protesters
as trying to destroy the country
her husband long term President Daniel
Ortega has been accused of an
increasingly authoritarian and
undemocratic rule
now many Nicaraguans are making their
voices heard and the protests are
expected to continue John Holman
al-jazeera
