for more than a week they have been
isolated cut off by cracks and blocked
mountain roads so for the people of pipi
Koro the sight of two helicopters
bringing relief aid and news was
thrilling
we saw the helicopters coming down and
we knew they would be bringing help for
us
there's never mobile phone coverage here
so Indonesia's Disaster Response Team
had no idea what they'd find the
information was positive the earthquake
was strong here but there were no deaths
and no serious injuries
you saw the rush of people coming down
that hill to this football field as the
two helicopters we came in landed there
isn't that much damage in this village
for what they need are things that
normally come in by a rote villagers
needed rice medicines baby milk and fuel
and want it biscuits we need a doctor
too there is a little clinic here but
the nurse runs that was in Peru last
week we need to get her back
the helicopters were just 25 minutes on
the ground before heading back to Pulu
enroute experts from Indonesia's
Disaster Management Authority looked
down to see what other areas most
obviously need help
we saw landslides which had reached
shaped mountains and obliterated roads
but no destruction of homes on the scale
of that in Pulu on the outskirts of that
city the full scale of the liquefaction
which had swallowed suburbs was clear
aid is now pouring into silhoue see the
activity at Hawley where port is
frenetic logistic support are coming
it's still very much needed Andrew
Thomas al-jazeera
PP Kuro South Apollo Indonesia
