once again the students of Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School left their
classrooms to call for gun reform in
February these students lost 14 of their
classmates and three teachers they've
been campaigning for a change in gun
laws ever since and we're joined by
students from across the country from
coast to coast there were more than 2000
demonstrations in all our school our
t-shirt was shot and killed at the
beginning of the year so this is
something that we take very personally
and we feel like we need to advocate it
for the rest of the people all these
students that have just been freed by
police from inside the building
the Day marks 19 years since 13 people
were killed at Columbine High School in
Colorado in the year since gun laws have
largely remained unchanged and school
shootings have got worse it's happened
at Sandy Hook it's happened at great
mills and it happened at my school like
we shouldn't be letting this happen we
shouldn't be letting people die without
trying to change something and stop
something even as students marched in
parkland another school shooting was
reported in Central Florida the alleged
shooter is now in custody and no one was
killed but it's a reminder of what
children here face every day the walk
out here and the thousands of others
across the country demonstrate the
resolve of this generation
more than any other they've been
affected by the plague of gun violence
and they hope to be the ones that
finally bring change and the Gallacher
al jazeera parkland Florida
