following last week's anger over Syria
Moscow seems in a restrained mood in an
interview with the Russian State
Information Agency Foreign Minister
Sergey Lavrov suggested last week's US
airstrikes had been within limits
acceptable for Russia they were informed
about where our red lines are including
geographical red lines on the ground in
any case the results show they have not
crossed these red lines and he said
neither sides generals would be drawn
into open conflict in Syria youth
workers knew that boosted I'm sure that
neither President Putin nor president
Trump will allow this to happen they are
after all leaders who've been elected by
their people and they are responsible to
these people for peace and calm amused
diplomatically Russia can afford to
attempt to pause in hostilities with the
US as on the ground much is going it's
Allies way following the fall of Eastern
guter to Syrian government forces
Damascus is moving against the remaining
besieged enclaves of rebel activity one
by one they're falling the UN's envoi to
Syria who was in Saudi Arabia and Turkey
earlier in the week has now come to
Moscow next we'll be around de Mistura
is assessing whether the foreign powers
involved in Syria's war are ready to
restart the UN facilitated political
process he acknowledged that recent days
have been rough we had a very dangerous
and very difficult and very tense week
and the priority for the UN Secretariat
for the secretary-general and therefore
me coming here and doing this towards
Dora Zone in various capitals and very
much in Moscow is the priorities to
lower the temperature Staffan de Mistura
may be doing the diplomatic rounds with
the intention of getting the Geneva
peace process back on track but there
are those who question just how much
life there is actually left in this
particular UN sponsored format
people like analyst Demetri for a love
ski he thinks de Mistura is right to
still be pushing for dialogue but feels
that the scramble for Syrian territory
by Russia Turkey Iran and the US has
changed the game
esight realized that negotiation is
important but this the most decisive
argument belongs to the one who has real
forces and troops in her on the ground
and with Bashar al-assad feeling that
perhaps a total defeat of the rebellion
is within his reach there's no obvious
reason for Syria's President to return
to the negotiating table right now Rory
challon's al Jazeera Moscow
