rescue workers saved many of the victims
suffocated the longest part Houston
would launch a strike before an
investigation
hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
stories were covering this week
mission accomplished again allegedly
Syria the media on red lines
humanitarian intervention and the need
for military action the enduring sexism
on Italy's airwaves have Italians missed
their Weinstein moment Facebook and its
fact-checking initiative in the
Philippines provoked a backlash from
supporters of President to tear tank and
one state-owned TV channel in Moscow
provides Russians with news they can use
how to survive World War three come on
Superman you slut company Joseph I the
enemy attack at the slavka years come
they say the truth is the first casualty
of war in the coverage of Syria you can
add evidence context and balance to that
list when footage of an alleged chemical
weapons attack was beamed out of duma it
set off an outcry and lit the fuse for
counter strikes the narrative from many
in the Western mainstream media echoed
their own governments a red line had
been crossed it was a transgression that
could not go unpunished but those
demanding evidence that the Assad
government was behind the chemical
attacks the skeptics questioning the
rush to launch were given short shrift
for media outlets in the US UK in France
particularly the 24-hour news channels
there was less concern about cause proof
than the telegenic effects of war WMDs
and Iraq do come to mind a big part of
this geopolitical showdown is being
fought out over the airwaves and when it
comes to state propaganda you've really
gotta hand it to the Russians if only
their media could bring the same
scrutiny to the Kremlin that they do
with the White House our starting point
this week are the skies over Syria
sometimes news coverage has a quality to
it is almost none of those sound bites
were from this past week they were
broadcast the last time the US military
targeted series in April of 2017 but
they could have been the script this
time around was beyond reminisce down to
the relative lack of journalistic
scrutiny of the images that provoked the
airstrikes whether they did indeed
amount to proof that the initial attack
involved chemical weapons let alone
whether Assad government forces were
responsible for the key question of
waiting for evidence that's one of the
most fundamental things that seems to be
missing for much media discussion what
we have seen in Syria is footage taken
by people on their mobile first
civilians adults and children dead and
dying but there does seem to be total
abandonment of any kind of critical
scrutiny an idea almost that it would be
immoral to question these images I think
that's quite serious failure on the part
of a lot of the main Western media the
main point made in the Russian media was
that there was no chemical attack that
there was no need for it to opera him
attacking his solution and that Russia
was being blamed for something it had no
role in when the Western media talked
about the chemical attack as a fit
accompli the Russian media not just the
state ones but more liberal balance
outlets were trying to understand what
the reasons for such an attack would be
our Western colleagues don't even want
to hear this
Pines of questioning this war has
claimed half a million lives and
displaced millions more but the United
States and its allies have chosen to
intervene publicly only when the
fighting is alleged to have gone
chemical chemical weapons are
politically beyond the pale more than
160 countries have signed the Chemical
Weapons Convention of 1992 which
outlawed their production and their use
the way allegations of chemical warfare
are reported the way it looks on screen
triggers a response the footage is
horrific the suffering is evident
haunting images difficult to watch we
can't even show you the worst of it
however the images are not graphic in
the way conventional bombing can be
there's no blood news editors who shy
away from putting the dismembered bodies
of bombing victims on TV saying
audiences cannot stomach such pictures
can show these and once the images turn
up in Washington and other Western
capitals the politics and the accepted
rules of war do the rest it is not about
images specifically it is about
politicization of images in relation to
political agendas the attention that
chemical warfare gets in in relation to
Syria has actually less to do with Syria
than Western European history and
European public's because suffering by
bombings and by barrel bombs and etc
arguably can be more damaging and kills
more people images of course are always
necessary to provide a kind of moral
impetus to bombing there has to be a
kind of like line that crossed morally
to justify why they're acting now this
one had a lot of video and of course
that's going to incite a kind of
reaction and because the only way that
the United States Britain and France
know how to react to stow bomb things
that's what they did is governments come
to office with political agenda
some news organizations have them too we
are at Fox News headquarters in New York
and Washington bringing you the very
latest develop a kin 2003 Rupert
Murdoch's media empire outlets including
the Fox News Channel in the US and more
than 170 newspapers around the world
strongly backed the invasion of Iraq
either the Iraqis use poison gas and
biological weapons or they don't if they
do then all bets are off the United
States can go ahead and shoot anything
at once whenever it needs these days
they are similarly hawkish on Syria
although some of the tactics have
changed one of Murdoch's papers has
targeted critics of the airstrikes
The Times based in London published a
list of British academics calling them
apologists for the Assad government the
paper was sending a message that would
have registered with journalists as well
as university professors the day that
Britain France and America launched
missile strikes at Syria without
democratic authorization the front page
of The Times and the editorial was
devoted to basically smearing myself and
my colleagues as Assad apologists the
main thrust of the argument that to
question your own government is to be
somehow an apologist for a sad or a
Kremlin puppet I think that frankly is a
really dangerous kind of path to go down
The Times is a right-wing rag that's
that's been that smear is everyone who
questions the word narrative they want
to create a chilling effect they want to
make sure that if you're opposed to this
bombing you're gonna be smeared as an
assadist a Putin is a war crime denier
classic tactics the same stuff they used
in the run-up to Libya same stuff they
used in Iraq the goal is to create the
acceptable parameters of debate and to
punish any one of the ears off that even
slightly a journalist you're easy to
intimidate because they they need to
work and if they get branded as a
conspiracy theorist or an assadist they
don't find work that's young
if conspiracy theories and a succession
of voices sympathetic to the Assad
government are what you are looking for
a Russian media space is the place to go
premier the mrs. NASA sister Polly
photography propeller written lease you
miss neva pavilion dealer Cossack vast
ocean a beauty yet achieving a custom
Nina a vertical in your cup Goethe for
still a logistic initially still with
tilaka still notion accrual yoke
but if state-controlled channels like
this one really wanted to get to the
truth they would question why the
Kremlin's forces in Syria are denying
weapons inspectors access to the site in
Doom they don't and they're far more
interested in civilian casualties caused
by Western airstrikes than when the
planes bombing Syria are from Russia
Americans I used a quiero dude CAC that
Savannah Chi a collusive damaja Shoukri
of caspia what Russian TV hosts and
commentators stressed is that in a
confusing conflict clouded by the fog of
war they are providing viewers with a
perspective they will not see elsewhere
there's a whole wave of fake information
of rumors in all directions and the
Syrian conflict is just one of them it's
not even about censorship it's about the
inability to verify what's happening
when I talk to my sources I just don't
know whether what they're telling me is
true and the worst part is that it's
impossible to verify I report both
positions but I don't know which one of
them is true this is the misfortune of
modern journalism unfortunately a lot of
the discussions on media around Syria
have little to do with Syria and they
they have much more to do it seems with
geopolitical struggles we don't see new
ins discussions around what's happening
in Syria what we see is a lot of
political positioning a lot of shouting
about this is fake news this is not fake
who knows and really does not help the
situation in Syria or the
during experience
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers Meenakshi Ravi Meena a
court in Moscow has banned one of the
biggest messaging platforms in Russia
telegram what's that about this began
with the Russian media regulator
Roscommon azure demanding the telegram
hand over its encryption keys to the
Russian intelligence service the FSB now
those codes would have enabled the
security services to monitor the private
messages of up to 15 million Russians
and telegram refused to give them up its
CEO Pavel Durov
a Russian who lives outside the country
posted on his telegram account a letter
addressed to the head of the FSB saying
that if all they wanted was a pair of
keys they could have the ones in the
picture but the case then went to court
and this past week the judge ruled in
favor of the FSB and now telegram is
inaccessible in Russia
you mentioned the 15 million Russians
possibly affected by this but hasn't the
Kremlin itself come to rely on telegram
as well yes for instance Dmitry Peskov
president Putin's press secretary
routinely used telegram to share your
briefings with journalists but according
to him a law is a law and if it is
violated we will search for an
alternative there is one more angle on
the telegram story it is also the
messaging app of choice in Iran and the
authorities in Tehran have issues with
it also regarding encryption so we'll be
watching developments there as well
social media platforms are also in the
news in the Philippines where supporters
of the president Rodrigo Duterte are
urging Filipinos to get off Facebook for
good why is that the issue is fake news
and what to do about it last week
Facebook partnered with two Filipino
news organizations grappler and
verifiers
to combat the spread of false
information now these fact checkers will
be flagging bogus stories and debunking
them Duterte supporters have issues with
one of those news sites in particular
grappler one of Detroit A's high-profile
backers Paulo defense or nack posted a
message instructing her followers to
migrate to the Russian social network
the contactor so that they could get the
uncensored truth Mac also said the new
fact-checking partnership would likely
result in the shutting down of her
Facebook account but hasn't Duterte
himself been complaining about fake news
in the Philippines
yes but he accuses Facebook's
fact-checking partners of dealing in
fake news themselves we've reported
before unwrapped less critical reporting
of duty tased so-called war on drugs and
investigations into the president's
personal wealth deter Tay has accused
rap ler of being run by Americans and
tried to have them shut down earlier
this year so it's no surprise actually
to see this reaction from the pro
duterte crowd okay
thanks Peter it's been slightly more
than six months now since a newspaper
story in The New York Times about a
Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein set
off a tsunami of sexual abuse
allegations that took down dozens of
well-known men and gave birth to a
hashtag that would go global me too
the Italian version of that hashtag
koala voltic a translates to that time
when but that's where the similarities
end in the u.s. prominent figures in the
news media Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose
among them were pushed from their
televised pedestals in Italy there have
been very few names named and much of
the scrutiny has been directed at the
accusers rather than the accused
however by bringing out some of the
worst tendencies in the country's male
dominated media the story and the way
it's been covered have enabled activists
in certain journalists to draw attention
to the deeper institutional issue here
systemic sexism the listening-posts
flow Phillips now on the Italian media
the role women play on television and
some of the people who say that they too
would like to see change
this is a zr Argento one of Italy's best
known actresses in October last year the
US magazine The New Yorker published
Argento's allegations of sexual assault
at the hands of Harvey Weinstein the
reaction Argento received in the Italian
news media was very different didn't
charity 12 antennae dopo yellow 2 / DV 2
come from Palm Pavan yeah course in t I
interviewed a seer gentle a few days
after her story was published in The New
Yorker she couldn't stand the public
abuse anymore the editor-in-chief of the
newspaper Libre was extremely brutal
really attacking her la que se une
étoile ordinary day for e a doubt the
leprous tetanus Valley Academy a cinema
prostitution you know rethink a posture
of cysts i wouldn't say his comments
were sexy you have to know the man it is
well known that his journalistic career
and his reputation are based on how
direct in are plenty cuts to the chase
know there are fit what few esta tall
castle
ser Dontos case is really a typical
example of the recurring stereotypes and
misrepresentation in media coverage of
sexual violence cases against women
there's a tendency to split the
victories of sexual harassment into two
categories the innocent ones and the
women who asked for it
Rema a consent a Poisson append
something I was really struck by is that
in much of the coverage of the Aussie
Argento affair the article or the report
would be illustrated with a picture from
a film she had starred in in which she
played a lap dancer who kissed a dog It
was as if to say look how dubious her
morals are do be immoral itani questa
persona imaginative acapella chatter
respond ability' a far across the sea
cause a poor Deanne try a new film oh no
I think the treatment of Isaiah Argento
proved to be quite illuminating in terms
of why women won't talk or why they may
be reluctant to point the finger at
powerful figures the treatment of
Argento contrasted sharply with what was
happening in the US media where
allegations of harassment were being met
with solidarity let me be very clear
there is no excuse for this alleged
behavior it is systematic and pervasive
and accountability was a stunning
headline to wake up to Matt Lauer the
longtime host of The Today Show has been
fired six months on from the Weinstein
revelations more than a dozen major
media personalities accused of
harassment in the United States have
either resigned or been sacked in Italy
there have been no exposures of
harassment in the news media industry
yet according to Solan De Luca a
television presenter and producer such
stories are not hard to find
pointless peaceful very often before
becoming a journalist they used to say
to me you want to become a journalist
come out with me if you want the job you
need to do something for me
sometimes it was more subtle I would
like to see you tonight in a dress I got
harassed when I worked to pry our public
broadcaster Danny when I was at Sky
Italia one night I was working late
alone with my editor-in-chief and we
disagreed on a couple of things he
looked at me and said if you want to
play who's got the bigger you're making
a big mistake
I was quite frightened to be honest I
didn't know how to react
I was speechless on all remasters sense
at all events ocasion problema que para
smell is everywhere literally just
because there have been no denunciations
today doesn't mean it isn't happening in
the media as well the problem is it's
difficult to expose such cases
especially when they happen in the
industry that is supposed to be doing
the exposing the end link we should
share their Italian media Italian
television especially have become
notorious for how they treat and
represent women objectification
stereotyping and worse are common last
year on channel 5 Italy's second most
watched channel the talent show amici
staged an elaborate prank on a pop
singer
Emily Nakumatt a studio man ballerina no
snow cone pitcher Siri Valera molt
Atrato desuka
what happened on the set of amici was an
extreme case but very much part of a
trend that began on the same TV network
in the 1980s with the liberalisation of
the media
Italy's future Prime Minister Silvio
Berlusconi founded the media set Empire
semi-naked show girls usually alongside
much older men soon became the formula
to follow so much so they got a label in
the industry the balloon of any know if
he shares his term refers specifically
to the women who featured in a satirical
news show from 1988 called Stesha
Leonard it SIA they would deliver the
news to the two male hosts who would
then read it out as competition between
TV channels intensified the presence of
beautiful young half-naked women became
a standard gimmick and TV entertainment
media said especially offers a rich
gallery of examples
Papa DC must build tiki-taka child Arwen
there are lots of shows that still use
women this way in the darling Christos
and Lily okay they are still villainous
villain OTT but it's in the name of
satire you can make the same criticisms
about cheerleaders at sport events in
the u.s. in a way it's like a beauty
pageant Americans love to give a smaller
lectures but they even have cheerleading
competitions to me this seems much more
sexist while the men are shown as
athletes the women just have to throw
their legs up in the air
I think that's disgraceful if you're
living in a society the leaner are the
symbol of a way of making TVs the
concept of a woman who's on stage and
maybe dances but doesn't speak they
don't represent actual women it's an
idea that was manufactured to serve the
entertainment industry by taking a
stereotype to be extreme it was a way to
satisfy a particular idea of what the
average Italian viewer wants a viewer
that paradoxically is always assumed to
be male there's never an average female
viewer there are no male vallini warming
the fact that it has overwhelmingly been
men deciding what Italian audiences want
to see on screen and in the papers only
partly explains the enduring sexism in
the country's media after all male
executives dominate media boardrooms in
most countries
another factor a more telling one is the
power imbalance between men and women in
Italian society according to a recent
index by the World Economic Forum Italy
has the widest gender gap in Western
Europe but some see signs that things
are changing slowly for the better
including in the media seasonal
karate-do a skater in Italy there's a
divide on one side the older
conservative people who don't
acknowledge or even see the problem on
the other side there's a younger
generation who are more open more
worldly and more critical a major
difference between the era when the
valina became popular and today is that
we're no longer limited to just Italian
TV it's much easier to see what's going
on in other parts of the world there's
no question that sexism in Italian
television is alive and well but there
has been a change in the way such
blatantly sexist practices are received
by the public for instance in March 2017
there was this high program parlez
Armani sabato which asked why Italian
men have a preference for Eastern
European women there was a big reaction
against it on social media to the extent
that the producers decided to cancel the
show
the changes here have not been as
dramatic as we might have seen with the
me to campaign in the US but awareness
is growing and society is changing
slowly we all have to make sure that
these baby steps continue and get ever
bigger the vodka sempre of you as far as
your are Gentile since her bruising
encounters with Italian media she has
said the country's climate of tension
and culture of victim blaming was too
much for her and her fan
and she spends much of her time outside
idiot
and finally just prior to the air
strikes against Syria a good deal of
hysteria was circulating online in
Russia and that provided one state-owned
TV channel in Moscow with an alarmingly
obvious story opportunity it decided to
prepare its viewers for World War 3 it
was a four minute long segment on the
Rossiya 24 evening news program where
the Kremlin own channel suggested some
essential items for life in a bunker
iodine to protect the body from
radiation rice and it's seven-year long
shelf life and rule number one fewer
sweets more water noted we'll see you
next time here at The Listening Post yes
the police types of see a telegram car
now and as total Kenya napkin or a piece
of clean it green we shoot tomorrow we
produced okay Nina destruction h- it's a
chaotic in Ashley's Tito pedasi panicky
initials Poohsticks is very Iranian yep
requests Ivan is a pass known as calcium
car keep attracting Isaiah menu move now
a tsunami appreciate Nagas position no
ass no principal complete my name's
ocean beta Kui means a slow drip
bourgeois team started the Laconia
product a deist regional stoic bride
subway now premier is group delicious
Ukrainian series selenium device million
attract the cimelia crannies Avianca I
was frog goodness degree she nibble a
Buddha tried it civility loop with
Patricia
cataclysmic as a possum economy no it a
product pressure on my cheek II missile
tube ride the subway bunker train eat
macaroni emotional torque of gear meet
each new Papo CHEO but treat a vision
and you boost a theory world a Porsche
Sir Thomas would be many slot Capri
Joseph pasión Amir attack at the slot
cars come Chicago chicken theatres go
show named alko sooo total produces
press news reasoning as not like
infamously widget is typically me
recommend to it is boon kiri is apostle
accursed of a soybean st media comment a
serum a NEPA Margaret argan is most
probably a 3d are say Alex II possible
yes spit silently panic you off
