Saudi Arabia's ambitious economic plans
the kingdom has announced several
multi-billion dollar projects to
diversify its economy away from oil but
can it afford these large projects and
how likely are they to become a reality
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable Saudi Arabia has embarked
on an extensive economic and social
transformation Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman has made it his mission to make
the country less dependent on oil and
diversify its the economy but that's
proving challenging because of several
factors including the war in neighboring
Yemen Saudi Arabia and his coalition
partners have been fighting Houthi
rebels there for nearly three years now
and as the Saudi government announces
more mega projects as part of its
so-called vision 2030 strategy they are
concerns it might be overextending its
economy we'll get to our guest shortly
but first Laura burden manly looks at
what's in the pipeline Saudi officials
have made it clear the country is
entering into a post-oil era now this
future vision involves the building of
mega cities to promote what's being
dubbed a knowledge economy so let's take
a look at some of these new projects the
first planned mega city is called neon
it's supported by Japanese giant
Softbank and it aims to be the largest
city in the world to run on 100%
renewable energy is intended to be about
33 times the size of New York costing
around 500 billion dollars and there's a
solar power plan worth 200 billion
dollars touted as the world's largest
such project now Saudi Arabia also has
plans with Egypt to build a large city
on the Sinai Peninsula and that's
costing about 10 billion dollars and a
forty four billion dollar of finery deal
with three Indian companies now Saudi
Arabia won't fund these projects alone
but the estimated costs will be more
than seven hundred and sixty billion
dollars now the numbers indicate the
Kingdom could struggle to pay for them
well let's now take a look at Saudi
Arabia's financial resources the kingdom
has around 480 billion dollars in cash
reserves it had far more in 2014 when it
started burning through the pile
that's because oil prices began falling
sharply after a peak of 115 dollars a
barrel that summer and it's only this
year
that it came back to the $70 mark thus
led to Saudi Arabia spending more than
it turns the past few years it's
estimating a budget deficit of just over
fifty billion dollars this year the
Saudis are hoping to raise at least a
hundred billion dollars by selling a
five percent stake in the oil giant
Aramco but that's assuming the company's
worth two trillion dollars as officials
assert some of this money though has we
spent on weapons at fifty six billion
dollars the biggest item on the annual
budget is defense especially with the
war in Yemen showing no signs of ending
so is Saudi Arabia spreading itself in
let's bring in our panel from Virginia
joining us on skype is Jamal khashoggi
is Saudi journalist columnist and author
in London Anastasia Nesbitt I lovea
director of the city political economy
Research Center at City University of
London and in Washington DC Robert mogul
Nicky senior analyst at the DC based
consultancy see a group where he
specializes in the political economy of
the GCC welcome to you all thank you for
being on Inside Story Jamarcus yogi if I
can start with you does Saudi Arabia
have the political power and economic
resources to pull this off I don't know
it is very challenging I are the Saudi
Arabian I wish those mega project will
succeed but I would rather to see the
country and the leadership looking more
into turning the Saudi society into a
productive society by providing jobs we
need to do more of economy over 101 that
starts from inner cities in in Jeddah
and Riyadh downtown's look at the
poverty rate there look at the
unemployment rate there and and fixative
infrastructure infrastructure there that
if we secure at the present if we secure
this pace then we can move on to the
future I would like to see the crown
prince looking more and more into the
inner city into the current situation
the poverty situation looking at the
future when you talk about moving on to
the future would you say that Saudis
today
are convinced that change is inevitable
a change is happening but the top-down
approach could be risky I think the
leadership in Saudi Arabia is very much
influenced by the success or the model
of debate it is a success there in
debate but it cannot be duplicated
Cerrone Arabia is not a city-state it is
a country the crown prince has under his
hand
millions of he of youth who are looking
for jobs he provided for them
entertainment and fun and cinemas but
they need money
to enjoy life so they need jobs the
jobless in Saudi Arabia number are about
20 20 % of the population then we are
talking about something like 2 million
people who need jobs desperately so he
needs to spend more time there too
because those are the people who could
get angry one day right did not have the
jobs let's get Anastasia's view in
London anastasia as jamal mentioned
there a number of countries have tried
to build their own silicon valley's to
have their own mega projects some have
succeeded others have failed do you
think Saudi Arabia is going to be able
to succeed are they going to be able to
afford this grand vision for the economy
interestingly I think the question is
more political vanities financial it
could be that the financial resources
are there at least for the short term
but in terms of political vision
commitment and actually having a
strategy it could be that the vision is
not quite formulated and it can be
exposed to a variety of unexpected
shocks from inside from outside
something that economists would call
exogenous so to an extent it's a it's a
complex dilemma - about the solidity of
the vision for a new developmental
program the content of that program and
I would agree with your previous
contributor that
it's not quite clear what that
particular model is in the current
reform in the country and they brought
geopolitical climate which is very
challenging okay Robert do you agree
with that are the financial resources
there in your opinion how likely are
these mega projects to become reality
bearing in mind that they are by no
means the only things that Saudi Arabia
will be spending money on in the coming
years well absolutely and I think it's
really important to remember that these
new projects that we've started to hear
about in 2000 later in 2017 and over the
past few months they follow a longer
history of mega projects within Saudi
Arabia so back in 2015 it's important to
note that there were a whole range of
economic cities that were launched as
part of Sagi as the Saudi Arabian
general Investment Authority which
planned a which initially planned to
launch six economic cities they scaled
that back to four when the finite global
financial crisis of 2008 came those
projects many of those projects were put
on hold
so in order to get a firm understanding
of the of the context of these mega mega
projects in Saudi Arabia it's really
important to understand that there's
much longer history that goes beyond
2017 right in terms of the finances yeah
that that's that's a really important
element traditionally the state has put
forth put forth funding so in terms of
economic cities the state would put
forth about seventy billion dollars and
then they expected a private-sector
contributions both from local actors and
global firms to make up the difference I
think that if we look at the current
economic the current economic
environment in Saudi Arabia it's going
to be very difficult for the state to
put forth those that same commitment in
terms of funding especially with the
price of oil dropping but they're hoping
as you know to raise at least a hundred
billion dollars by selling a five
percent stake in the oil company Aramco
do you think investors appetize appetite
for the Aramco IPO is a certain thing
are they thrilled with the prospect of
acquiring Aramco stock
well I think there certainly is there
certainly is interest on a global scale
the question really is when will this
happen we had an initial date for the
IPO that was delayed and exactly what
will be the details the devil is always
in the details so I think we're still at
this point where we're waiting to see
what will happen in terms of that IPO
where the deep you know what type of
details will come out of it and and
really where will the value be and I
think once a lot of those once a lot of
those pieces become a bit clearer then
we'll start to see more firm interest
from local investors as well as
international investors Jamaica shogi as
we've heard there from both Anastasia
and Robert there are very few details as
to where the money is going to be coming
from military expenditure in Saudi
Arabia's extremely high right now
they're spending a lot of money in the
war in Yemen and there has even been
talk this week of possibly sending Saudi
troops to be part of a so-called
coalition us-led coalition in Syria do
you think that we'll need to cut back on
some of this military spending will they
have to make a choice at one point
between addressing the domestic issues
at home and you know their foreign
policy in Saudi Arabia
it is Saudi Arabia first you can check
this hashtag and you will see many
Saudis are talking about that that is
the mood today and Saudi Arabia I don't
think the Syria advances will will take
place it's too early it's a very
preliminary idea and I don't think I do
not anticipate to see great numbers of
solid troops in Syria I don't think that
will happen but yesterday's I need to to
check on the budget doesn't need to
spend wisely actually Mohamed Mohsen man
come with this promise and he introduced
to Saudi Arabian people that term in
official spending and that one of his
aim to do to provide or to support the
budget with efficient spending and we
need to do that but efficient spending
require a system of check and balance
transparency we don't have that yet
but that the promise we got efficient
spending and we need to see that this
mood of Saudi Arabia first that you talk
about that you say is prevalent right
now among Saudis is that something that
the crown prince and the leadership is
hearing and if they are hearing that
message of Saudi Arabia first will they
act on it will there for instance pull
out of Yemen and not get involved in
Syria is the leadership hearing the
people's message you see Saudi Arabia
feel under threat and me as a citizen I
feel also under threat I don't in like
to see the Iranian is expanding around
us and I think the responsibility of our
government is to protect the future of
my son and my grandsons from those
Iranian domination in the region I don't
really I don't want the Iranians to
change the history of the Middle East
and and expand into Syria because Syria
is part of my part of my region my world
my history same in Yemen so I do support
my government in its in confronting the
Iranians I just hope they will do it
right we need to do it right and we need
to confront the Iranians but at the same
time we need to be balanced about the
spending we may be by doing it right
maybe we can do it with this money by
supporting Erebus building aspiration
and the aspiration of democracy in Yemen
and Syria that's what that will drive
the Iranians out much faster and less
costly then continue with the war
efforts
Anastacia coming back to the finances
there fin reports that Saudi Arabia in
order to raise money is targeting higher
oil prices in order to balance its
budget they reportedly want a price
target of $100 a barrel for oil in able
to keep up with these domestic projects
how realistic is that how much influence
do they have in bringing up these oil
prices yeah the hundred dollar price
seems to be magical and not just for the
Saudis
Russian officials sometimes discussed it
as a potential target however I don't
think it's actually realistic in the
short to medium term and much less in
the long term and it's not necessarily
about the power of these states
individually or even together although
they the partnership between Saudi
Arabia and Russia for example has been
more successful than previously
anticipated the problem is more
structural it's about how these
countries can adapt to the rapidly
changing energy Deerfield where
renewables and alternative sources of
energy are becoming predominant and I'm
not those developments are really not
predicting any hiking oil prices anytime
soon so if you talk about economic
models where certain countries spread
themselves thin Saudi Arabia is not an
exception in it is it you mentioned
Russia for instance they're also
spreading themselves thin when it comes
to their economy their involvement in
Syria and so on how you know how does
Saudi Arabia's economic woes affect the
rest of OPEC countries and its regional
partners another fascinating question I
think it adds it creates lots of
questions where people don't necessarily
have answers to and that can create
certain political I'm not saying risks
but the unknowns it does it might have
an effect on the markets on the stock
prices on as you mentioned before IPOs
over a variety of projects that need to
be valued in the future but in some way
it's too early to say this on this new
reform in the country has been a
relatively recent development and we
simply don't know enough there isn't
kind of a very thick database of big
changes in the country that's what can
draw upon the robert morgan mogul nicky
your thoughts on this if Saudi Arabia is
struggling economically how does it
affect the rest of this region and also
OPEC producing countries all producing
countries yeah it's an excellent
question we can look at it in a number
of different ways first and foremost
Saudi Arabia is now
in Kuwait sorry Saudi Arabia is now
looking into Iraq and its reconstruction
efforts and that has a real potential to
conflict with Kuwaiti development aims
in Kuwait recently launched a integrated
economic zone in the five uninhabited
islands in the north in the north
eastern part of the country it also
plant has a major project named Silk
City these two projects are planning to
target the Iraqi and also the Iranian
markets so we see in this in in in this
problem in this move towards the Iraqi
market we see a potential for conflict
with Kuwait at the same time we also had
news coming out of we also had news
coming out of in the last couple of days
about Saudis intentions to create a
channel along its border with
neighboring Qatar obviously there's been
a tense relationship there but looking
ahead I agree with anesthesia we have to
see what happens and there are plans to
put a free trade zone a tourist a
tourist hub and also potentially a
nuclear waste site on that border so
clearly moving ahead with those plans
specifically the latter ones involving a
nuclear waste plant would certainly
raise tensions between Qatar and Saudi
Arabia and potentially make engagement
in the future more difficult Jamal
khashoggi you thoughts looking ahead not
just regionally but but first
domestically if you could tell us how do
you see these various plans these mega
projects addressing in affecting the
fundamental challenges the fundamental
issues that Saudi Arabia faces today and
that is high youth unemployment weak
education and health systems is it going
to address these issues this is the
promise but those are all high tech jobs
providing projects it I would much
rather as I said earlier to to go to
basic economy to change the Saudi
society into productive society shread
sorrow Demark labor market from over
dependency
foreign labor foreign labor still
constitute 60% of the sorority of the
labor force in Saudi Arabia this is very
much wrong this is very much an
unnatural for for an economy and it had
to be fixed
of course of those mega projects
succeeded and provided an extra income a
better on income to the Saudi budget
next to the oil it will be great news
but if they fail god forbid political
implications jamal of failure if these
projects fail i mean they are the the
idea of the crown prince a new crown
prince this is his plan his baby what
would be the political implications if
this was to fail huge because we are
talking about what is budgeted for das
project is something what 700 billion
dollars more than half a trillion
dollars and all what we have right now
in our assets in foreign currency some
400 billions add around 100 billion that
is 500 billions what if the what if that
money goes to waste what if with what of
the project children to avoid elephants
this is scary it's a scary scenario
that's why I would like to see more
check and balance in Saudi Arabia so
such adventures will not go and
unchecked those ideas need to be checked
by the Saudi society because it is our
future or together
Anastasia your thoughts about the
consequences both economic and political
perhaps if you can touch on them of any
failure
I agree the consequences could be very
huge originally and perhaps globally
financially interestingly I'm it would
just be a waste of money maybe soon
because they the content of a long-term
strategic redevelopment of the economy
is not yet quite clear the mega city
project is there some sort of service
based offshore Society offshore hub for
the service economy and high-tech is
there but Saudi Arabia would be joining
others who already are they're very
present in this particular market so
it's it's it's challenging but in some
way be a bit more predictable
politically it can generate a lot of the
failure can generate a lot of resistance
and possibly reaction to was there the
new regime and then it would be then
potentially there will be major
consequences for the oil price and the
regional security the robot mogul Nikki
you thought surely there's no turning
back from this momentous reform project
for the new leadership in Saudi Arabia
how do they go about addressing the
various challenges mainly the economic
challenge challenges where do they get
the money from to to go through with
these plants well I think you're right
and it's important to remember that the
new regime and specifically Mohammed bin
Salman actually specifically mentioned
these major mega these mega projects in
Saudi vision 2030 he mentioned that
former economic cities that need
rehabilitation he specifically mentioned
that he would like to revamp the King
Abdullah financial district so we're
already seeing a substantial amount of
political and economic capital really
being wagered on the successful
completion of these projects again you
know new projects like neon these are
also tied directly to the crown prince's
saudi vision 2030 so on the one hand
there certainly is a high bar to meet on
the other hand we have to keep in mind
that we're looking at saudi vision 2030
this is not something that we can
evaluate the success or failure of today
this is a long-term plan and also these
mega projects many of them have long
term timelines so we can start talking
about them now make sure that
appropriate frameworks are in place
look at how money is being spent look at
processes and make sure that they're
done in transparent ways but ultimately
this is something that we're going to
have to assess over a long term time
frame all right thank you very much
for a very interesting conversation
Jamal khashoggi Anastasia Nesbit I lava
and Robert mogul Nikki thank you for
being on this edition of inside story
and thank you as well for watching you
can always watch this program again any
time by visiting our website at
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story you can of
course also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is that aj inside
story from me fully battable and the
whole team thank you for watching bye
for now
