it is playtime the teacher says and his
students are grateful it is not often
the case for children of the manobo
tribe American North Cotabato for
generations the tribes been fighting for
its ancestral land the manavas belonged
to the Lumad people the largest ethnic
group in the country with more than 15
million people belonging to more than a
hundred tribes the lumads are considered
one of the poorest minorities in the
world and most of them are in mindanao
the Philippine government claims more
than 70% of the Communist rebel group
the New People's Army are lumads and
last year president rodrigo duterte
threatened to bump
Lumet schools saying they were
responsible for spreading subversive
ideas tribal leaders have asked for
schools to be declared peace sanctuaries
there are no rebels here they say a
place for children should never be a
battle zone it is so painful for us we
witness the fighting we hear the
gunshots from our classrooms but perhaps
instead of discriminating us they should
instead help us provide quality
education so that at least this children
can grow up to live a life of dignity
the region of Mindanao has long been
held back by conflicts with armed groups
from different tribes battling the
government for greater autonomy but this
museum aims to promote unity and harmony
it is the first in Mindanao that tells
the history from the perspective of the
lumads
that everyone here can trace their
origins from the lumads
no matter who they fight for now
everyone was a lumen and that is what we
want they got about two people to always
remember that they come from one source
so what we want to say is more can be
overcome this museum aims to be a
repository of a region's history and
it's protracted war that has divided
tribes here for generations
curators say they hope
that this will start a renewed path to
kinship these children read about
forests stars and fallen angels in areas
where children have grown up with
violence
books are a luxury teachers encourage
the children to aspire for more but
that's a challenge when a peaceful life
is one they've never really known Jamel
Allen Dogon al Jazeera erika north
cotabato southern Philippines
