hello and welcome to this week's rewind
I'm Elizabeth Verano if you've seen the
show before you know that we're taking
another look at some of the very best
documentaries who have made over the
past decade here at al-jazeera English
this week we're rewinding back to 2011
when Al Jazeera's witness series
followed the remarkable story of a young
Palestinian boys emotional journey from
sharing a bed with his grandmother and
two brothers in a run-down Lebanese
refugee camp to a place at Eton College
one of the most exclusive private
schools in the UK founded more than 500
years ago by the English King Henry the
sixth its alumni include the rich and
famous Princes William and Harry were
both educated there as with 19 former UK
prime ministers were later we'll be
finding out what's become of Mohammed
since he graduated from Eton College but
first let's take a look at Mohammed at
Eton from the Witness series back in
this are about Palestine this is the
al-aqsa mosque this is the Olive III the
Palestinian as you know is the famous
for its only victory this is that
represents there are Palestinians to
return to Palestine
Mohammad Fahad is a 16 year old student
at the Alexis school it's funded by the
UN because Palestinian refugees cannot
attend Lebanese schools this address
course of Mohammed is the first one for
example he got it a nine-point eight out
of 100 maybe bright but as a refugee his
opportunities for further education and
jobs are severely limited
the conditions here are miserable the
people here here suffer from many for
many bad conditions as you see these
roads are need rehabilitation Muhammad's
grandparents fled Palestine for Lebanon
in 1948 the family now lives in jim-jim
village with other Palestinians this is
my uncle's house down yeah our house is
upstairs this is my mother
Nicolas in didn't live in how much about
the afaik and how we should teen and how
much is suburb the math learning and
policy the curriculum Anatoly ballo
another Vietnam this is my my bedroom I
with my brothers and my grandmother I
sleep here on that bed also my
grandmother here my brother's here here
on the ground yeah yeah younger than me
when he go we can sleep in there but I
love him too much I will miss him when
he go to England Muhammad has never left
Lebanon but he's about to embark on a
life-changing journey a fully-funded six
film scholarship to Eton College in
England this is a letter by the
headmaster of Eton College that states
the details of the horizon scholarship
given to Muhammad he says we were very
happy to welcome him and to eat on last
month and we're impressed by the way in
which he embraced all aspects of his
visit and by the academic potential I
was very proud and blessed by this
letter Hanuman mr. Balu win really soft
why scientists at Volusia a la cornere G
we see the bursary akanda the horizon
foundation will fund mohamed for two
years of study this is an amazing
opportunity but leaving home is a huge
step for both him
family eatin is one of the world's most
prestigious schools and is famous for
its high achieving students tradition
plays a large role here from the former
uniform of black tails to eccentric
annual events it costs nearly $50,000 a
year to attend Eton
one in five of the pupils receives
assistance and for the scholarship boys
like Mohammed expectations are high the
school is divided into 25 boarding
houses with about 50 boys in each
Mohammed's new home will be Waynflete
run by house master Richard Pratt and
Jane Stevens known as the Dame gives you
an idea where to put things
ok it's just a routine day we've got
supper 7:30 fascinating 15 yeah
was its ethical whether you should use
an animal or not with issues mammals and
how you should hellish be used Mohammed
is studying for a levels a two year exam
course which will determine which
university he gets into I'm doing double
math physics chemistry and biology and
I'm doing Arabic outside a timetable and
many boys in the house told me that
doing level math and three sizes may be
the toughest work in eatin that's really
doing practical is interesting but at
the same time I found it very difficult
yesterday it was the first time for me
to use the microscope I was really
confused I don't know what to do
just to call by the end of this first
year Mohammad will be sitting his AAS
exams 50% of his final grades right
gentlemen we need to clear away
it's really different sometimes it's
really good sometimes I don't like it
because Mohammed isn't just adapting to
a new school becoming a newtonian means
getting to grips with a whole host of
traditions that even British boys might
find curious like the school celebration
of sin Andrews day
do you have a celebration like sandals
day with a much bigger day in very end
of May yeah this is pulls before it's
called before the June yeah it's almost
always at the very end of May same rate
that arson Andrew's Day holiday isn't on
Sun and Thursday in the same way that
the color name is eaten blue is it
really fluent or green today Mohammed is
watching the war game one of the
strangest bullets that has only played
at Eton this is the college field now
and you can see the boys sitting on the
wall they have to take the ball and
raise it from the ground and this is
like a golden football game this is the
first official celebration in even I've
had and now I watch the whole game and I
have to understand its rules
when I first arrived to my house I was a
bit homesick coming to a boarding school
is much more different we have rules
time for sleeping time talk of living
with new boys sleeping alone in my room
is really different and it's difficult
for Mohammed during Eid the first time
he's been away from home for this
festival by the mussel salad and quiz
yeah a Baku mokuba's take us the roof
yeah I was a bit said in the seed and
homesick because being far from my
family from my brother's a bit difficult
really
this was the first it's no experience
for me during which I build a snowman I
did not imagine it as pure and as soft
as I found it it's a new experience
it's been a testing term but already
Mohammed has come a long way his um very
well indeed his maths in his physics
he's performing at a very high level
there has been some anxiety at times
that he's doing a course that assumed a
certain amount of background knowledge
that he didn't have but he's worked very
hard to fill those gaps
I'd actually quite like him to get away
from the desk a little bit and - and
maybe try his hand at a few other things
and and it's a strange thing for a
teacher to be saying but actually not
work quite so hard
this is the schoolyard of Eton College
this is the statue of Henry the sixth
the person who established Athens who he
is our founder and all people here are
very proud of him this is the Chapel of
Aten Eaton's gothic Chapel is central to
school life there's a service almost
every day and boys of all faiths attend
going to charities was one of the main
differences I have experienced in Eden
as a Muslim I haven't been to a church
in Lebanon but I was excited to go to
discover what do other people from
different cultures do the boys in the
school treated me as one of them but no
Fidelis many people think that Islam is
a violent religion and I'm against this
idea so I think it's my duty to try to
change these ideas Muhammad is not the
only Muslim in the school and on Sundays
they meet together with an imam I think
what will happen is that the Islamic
world will actually find its own sense
of self-confidence through democracy do
you think this will lead to unity
between Arabs and Muslims I mean like
why don't I just think it's it's just an
amazing moment yeah
mr. Pratt is very musical and he loves
playing many instruments he told me that
I can reach my soul through music and
this is something he knew that I heard
from him
today is the school concert and I'm
sinking in it we started the practicing
at the beginning this half and I really
enjoyed it it's the first thing you
experience for me the piece of music is
called Requiem by birthday
it's been a formative term for muhammad
who's heading home for Easter and the
Requiem is a fitting end he's been busy
he's flourishing and is having an impact
on his academic work as well which is
always strong and is getting stronger
and they fortunate to have a house
filled with musicians he's taken part in
this extraordinary occasion and I think
he's coming around to my way of thinking
but actually it is part of what makes
this we are
this is my exam table I have 14 exams
this year which is massive I think
compared to many other boys in my year
this is the first public exams for me in
the country I wanted to do well I'm
preparing I think what this term is
dominated by exams but the boys do get a
morning off to watch the wedding of the
year
warty our royal wedding from the country
that it's being in is very exciting it
was a great wedding in a very nice area
in London but it was very long as well
generally I'm not really keen on
kingdoms and monarch is what makes the
royal family better than other people in
the world
Mohammed has had a busy few weeks but
finally it's his last exam today
now I'm not very nervous but this is the
last-minute revision when I was in
Lebanon I was the top of the class and
now here I'm like any other student so I
have to do well well this week was very
tiring for me I had five exams from
Monday until Friday today so I had to do
lots of revision especially in the last
two days I think the difficult period
has passed now
with exams over Mohammed can enjoy the
English summer so when you go like that
and you put your arm down
that's where you want the ball to go
when I ball and he bets and someone
catches the ball you mean so he would be
off yeah okay if it wouldn't bounce
don't ever go batty I can't see very
well at it
yeah boiling is nice but I think I'm
getting the hang of it
Eaton's most famous annual event is
called the 4th of June and commemorates
the birthday of George the 3rd it's a
reminder of the privilege education that
the boys receive there's a slight danger
that they may pass the reason with a
notion that they are more special really
than they are because it is an unusual
place which has a lot of cultural
baggage and historical baggage so
actually probably more important is that
while they appreciate and recognize the
opportunity they have they don't go away
thinking they're too special I met many
boys who were really friendly with me
and I discovered after that they are
from very elite families in the country
and they are not really arrogant about
their backgrounds so it's one of the
things that makes me more confident in
the school eaton has a long tradition of
rowing and the day's highlight is
watching the time-honored procession of
boats
the precision codes started in 1793 and
it is certainly today a wonderful
spectacle not leaves thanks for the hats
so carefully and lovingly prepared by
the boys games
they are really nice I enjoyed them well
I've seen both drawing before but it's a
special thing today because they are
owned during these special suits with
the house the funny hairs with the
flowers it's really nice with his first
year nearing an end Mohamed visits the
family that has funded his scholarship
he's just one of 40 international
students that they have helped you sort
of lose a little bit of faith and a
little bit of hope in terms of the whole
political process ever reaching any sort
of positive resolution at least in our
lifetime and so you do what you can and
I mean you you try and empower young
people and hope that they will then
improve the lives of people in their
community in terms of the long term I
mean you see yourself going back to
Lebanon or do you see yourself staying
around here or it's my aim to that
baffle eval yeah I want to study here
and then go back there and try to help
my people
I mean Palestinians who live in AK in
Cannes they really suffer from very bad
conditions so I think it's the duty of
people who had chances like me to go
back and help changing these bad
conditions for people Mohamed's applying
to study engineering at university but
it's one of the professions that he
can't practice in Lebanon because he's a
Palestinian refugee every time I think
about my future I find that the
situation is up second in front of me
but I have to work hard even if I find
obstacles in my way it's the end of term
and Waynflete is packing up Mohammad has
been invited on a trip to Europe with
some of the boys before he heads home to
Lebanon I don't know he's more excited
actually I'm very I know you are but we
are too for you
okay thank you and right here
have a great time at last about my setup
I think my experience here a pride in my
mind I became more confident more
thoughtful and more aware about what's
happening in the world and I reach a
point in between my old culture and this
culture but I am Muhammad I'm still
alive I'm still Palestinian and I think
my experience made me more conscious
about helping other people that was more
than six years ago and I'm sure you're
wondering what's happened to Muhammad's
well I'm pleased to say that he is
joining us now from London studio great
to see you Muhammad so as we've
mentioned you graduated from Eton in
2012 what's happened since I was very
fortunate to be awarded another
scholarship by the horizon foundation to
continue my studies at UCL in London I
was awarded a job offer in London at a
global engineering consultancy called
Mott MacDonald where I've been working
for more than a year now what sort of
projects are you working on there I've
been mainly working on two projects the
first one is a road expansion in the
u.s. actually after that I started
working on a huge scheme in London
called Crossrail - and the aim is to
build a new railway that connects South
West London with North East London do
you have any plans of going back to
Lebanon or even go into Palestine the
reality at the moment is that as a
Palestinian I'm deprived from the right
of return to Palestine because of the
Israeli occupation the United Nation has
reaffirmed our right as Palestinians to
go - back to our home countries every
single year we have since 1948 since my
grandparents were kicked out the United
Nations resolution
1 9 4 F and our right to go back but
we've never been allowed to go my
grandmother who was featured in this
documentary passed away two years ago
without achieving her dream of going
back so in terms of going to Lebanon
I love Lebanon because my parents are
there I miss them they miss me but the
problem is that as Palestinians in
Lebanon we deprived from many civil
rights we are not allowed to work in
more than 20 professions me as a civil
engineer I wouldn't be able to practice
in Lebanon many of my friends who have
graduated from university have actually
gone back to Lebanon and at the moment
they are still unemployed and so where
is home for you now and how does your
family feel that this has so far been a
one-way journey for you my dream is to
be back in Palestine and the ultimate
goal of a home is actually Palestine but
at the same time I still have my
childhood memories of Lebanon I love
Lebanon because I grew up there my
family is the the UK on the other hand
has provided me with life-changing
opportunities
I spent their formative years of my life
here I made many friends I word I met
work work connections so I will always
have the connection but home will
continue to be in the back of my mind
Palestine well thank you very much
Mohammed for joining us and telling us
about your life now well that's it for
this week you can find lots of others
specially selected films on the rewind
page of their al Jazeera website but for
now until next time goodbye
you
