Rochelle caboose II will never know her
two older sisters militia killed him
with machetes before cutting her we met
her family in this camp for displaced
people in Bunya in the Democratic
Republic of Congo they fled their
village when the militia attacked who
ran into more fighters down the road
they also cut off her other sisters arm
her father
Raja told us how his wife was killed to
know about among anyways I was running
behind my wife and children they grabbed
me and started cutting with machetes
then they caught my wife and started
cutting her too she was pregnant and so
they cut the baby from her stomach many
of the people in the camp tell similar
stories have attacked by men from the
lending ethnic group we went to some of
the villages they fled these are the
remains of one family's home they fled
when the attackers came some of their
possessions are left behind the
attackers set the house on fire
and they did the same in the house next
door as well another family lived here
and they ran a business they were
repairing motorcycles and selling spare
parts also completely destroyed and it's
a similar story of destruction as we go
down the street many of the homes on
this side belong to people from the Hema
ethnic group they weren't the only
targets just across the road homes and
businesses belonging to ethnic lenders
were destroyed as well there's been
conflict between the two ethnic groups
in the past in the 1990s and 2000s
Uganda and Rwanda fought the Congolese
government for control of eastern Congo
in Ettore Hema and lenda militias were
their proxies tens of thousands of
civilians were killed but now local a
safari told us there is no conflict
between the two groups
he's a lender who says he hid his hammer
neighbours here in his house when the
militia attacked like many he thinks
politicians planned the violence to
further postpone congos overdue
elections we're waiting for elections so
we can have new leadership this is our
will but the killing started without
reason this was already prepared for
Lindo and Hema to start killing each
other
I consider this a deliberate
we planned conflict the government
denies this since the attacks began it
sent soldiers to take control of the
villages this is simply too glad you don
t feel it's difficult to identify the
enemy right now army intelligence is
working to identify who killed and
burned houses and who was behind the
massacres we've arrested some militia
who are already facing justice the Army
says the area is now secure and people
should return some have many more have
not because they still don't feel safe
well because they've nothing left to
return to Malcolm Webb al-jazeera Ettore
province in the Democratic Republic of
Congo
