demonstrators in Paris angry that the
French charity ship with a mission to
save lives in the Mediterranean Sea is
being prevented from doing its job
Panama revoked the registration of the
Aquarius last week the ship won't beg to
sell unless another country agrees to
register it launched a huge call to
European states to help us and to help
us finding a new European flag
at the moment we still haven't received
any response since Thursday the Aquarius
has been docked in the southern port of
Marseilles but this is where the crew
would rather be the Aquarius began
operations two years ago its rescued
30,000 people on the treacherous sea
crossing between Libya and Europe
migrants and refugees fleeing violence
and poverty the crew says most of the
survivors are deeply traumatized we've
seen people who were actually carrying
bullets in their bodies from their time
in Libya so it's a conflict zone
environment even though we're at sea the
organisation's operating the Aquarius
Doctors Without Borders and SOS
méditerranée say Panama withdrew their
registration under pressure from Italy's
government Rome denies the claims but in
June it closed Italian ports to the
vessel growing anti-immigrant sentiment
in Europe is making the work the
aquarius's crew harder the crew say that
what's particularly difficult for them
is that they know that every hour every
day that passes out there in the
Mediterranean Sea there are vulnerable
people their lives possibly in danger
and while the Aquarius is stuck here in
the port of Marseilles they can't help
it's a it's disheartening to see that
the loss of life at sea and the
humanitarian crisis are not at the
forefront of European politicians
priorities and that's something that we
call in all European countries to take
into account 15000 people have drowned
in the Mediterranean in the past four
years most had been searching
desperately for many other people take
for granted a safe place to call home
somewhere to build a life unless the
Aquarius has given new registration
documents to sale soon the crew fear
that many more lives will be needlessly
lost
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Marseille
