access denied inspectors with the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons are on standby waiting
to enter the area of Douma a visit to
the site of the alleged chemical attack
has been delayed for days the
investigation stalled the White House
says Russia and Syria are trying to buy
time to tamper with evidence we believe
it is an effort to conduct their own
staged investigations Russian officials
have worked with the Syrian regime we
believe to sanitize the locations of
those suspected attacks and remove
incriminating evidence of chemical
weapons use security concerns delay the
inspection a UN risk assessment team
says it came under fire as it tried to
clear way for the inspection days later
inspectors are still waiting to go in
the UN says discussions are taking place
in Damascus to ensure the OPCW team can
go in safely and as quickly as possible
I think you could understand that due to
the volatility of the situation the
dangers involved we don't want to
Telegraph what will happen but the
discussions and planning is ongoing
more than 40 people were reportedly
killed in the alleged attack almost two
weeks ago Syria and the strongest ally
Russia have denied the use of chemical
weapons
they also refute hindering the
investigation Bruce Scott nice to meet
you Shh it's absolute rubbish a lie that
Russia prevents inspectors from entering
Duma we don't know what made them think
that from the beginning we were
sincerely interested in sending OPCW
inspectors there we made public
statements on that moreover we contacted
the Syrian side so that all documents
including visas were provided to the
inspectors as soon as possible the US UK
and France retaliated by bombing several
Syrian government sites now it's not
just Western powers that are keeping a
close eye on the pending inspection all
the parties have agreed to allow the
OPCW team's access unfettered access
immediate access to these sites you know
we can't get around the fact that the
Syrian government and their Russian
allies control the territory we're
talking about a race against time as
concerns grow that possible evidence
that the alleged attack may be tainted
or even disappear before inspectors
begin their investigation Katya Lopez
with a young al Jazeera
