more than just words are being exchanged
insights in Agha's Parliament the fight
is over electoral reforms to the
country's constitution the opposition is
accusing President Macky Sall of
tweaking the Constitution ahead of the
presidential elections to eliminate
political rivals any candidate wanting
to run a political campaign will have to
have 67,000 signatures for the support
of one percent of the electorate with
300 political parties in Senegal this
new law would reduce the number of
candidates for the upcoming presidential
campaign the opposition says the
proposal are a blow to democracy reforms
on the Constitution should not favor
anyone nor should it discriminate
against anyone changes should be made in
the interest of the general public but
these reforms seek to eliminate
political rivals the government says the
reforms are needed to simplify the
election process and reduce state costs
and subsidies allocated for campaigns
I'm voting for this law because it's
just a question of common sense it will
make our democracy more efficient and
serve the people better as a debate rage
on inside the Parliament anger spreads
to the streets shops and schools are
closed the city centre is in lockdown
I'm disappointed I thought we were past
this and that we were a more mature
democracy we should allow people to
express themselves freely without the
use of force ahead of the vote the
government is banning demonstrations in
the city centre police are out in full
force firing tear gas several key
figures from the Opposition in civil
society have been arrested it's a
violation of the freedom of speech in
the sense that people are not able to
get their voices heard peaceful protest
is the right it's not a privilege it's
not something that's you know you you
can have one day and be withdrawing the
other and the fact that they are there
is a blanket ban is a violation of the
right to peaceful assembly in the last
two years the popular mayor of Dakar
Khalifa saw an opposition figure Kareem
wad were both sent to prison accused of
embezzling state funds both denied the
charges saying the sentences were
politically motivated to eliminate them
from the presidential race for the
opposition this latest piece of
legislation is another act of
provocation for the ruling party it's
much-needed change with the presidential
elections just 10 months away both sides
say at stake is Senegal's democracy
considered one of the most stable in
Africa at least for now Nicholas Honka
al Jazeera the car
