the end of an era for Cuba a new
president and for the first time in
nearly 60 years his name is not hassle
will Miguel Diaz canal bring real change
and how will it affect us Cuba relations
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully batty Bo who will succeed the
casseroles Fidel in Raul has been the
subject of intense speculation in Cuba
for decades well we now know Miguel Diaz
canal has been elected as president by
the National Assembly taking over from
87 year old Raul his nomination as the
head of the 31 member Council of state
was officially confirmed on Thursday he
will serve a five-year term but Raul
Castro is expected to continue playing a
big role in policy decisions he'll
remain the head of the ruling Communist
Party until 2021 so how much power will
Miguel Diaz canal actually exercise
we'll get to our guests in just a moment
but first our latin america editor lucia
newman has more on Cuba's new
president's tall serious efficient and
above all discreet rising up the
Communist Party's ranks from the bottom
57 year-old Miguel Diaz canal is making
history he's done it in part by never
ever having tried to outshine or
question Fidel or Raul Castro as others
once earmarked as their successors
learned the hard way and I think they
also feels extremely loyal extremely
patriotic that he actually genuinely
believes in the Cuban Revolution as the
Communist Party secretary of his home
province of via DEA's canal earned a
reputation for being open-minded
the main honky is a hangout for young
people including gays lesbians
transsexuals and punks
Diaz Canal was by their side in the
1990s when alternative lifestyles were
severely frowned on even after he rose
to the top every time he came to Santa
Clara one of the first things they do is
come see us at the Minho hey he's the
same unassuming humble person
maybe so but in most of Cuba people know
very little about the first man in six
decades who will rule this island whose
name is not Castro in fact he was the
only candidate in the vote by the
National Assembly on Wednesday we asked
this man what he thought of the
selection process let my silence speak
for itself it's the silence of many
Cubans those who may be expecting a
major shift will clearly be disappointed
we are encouraging reaffirming and
consolidating continuity which is very
important for the defense of the
Revolution which today is being
threatened and attacked by a
relationship with the US that has
deteriorated the truth is that the S
canal has been chosen not to reform but
to improve Cuban socialism if he can and
while he does represent a generation
younger than that of the Castro's he
will have to answer to a power much
higher than his own the Cuban Communist
Party you see a Newman al Jazeera Havana
well let's bring in our guests for
today's inside story in Havana Cuba
Carlos al cigar a former Cuban
ambassador to the European Union in
Santa Fe in the US Vicki Huddleston
former US chief of mission in Havana and
in Washington DC Andrew or tassel
executive director of the Cuba Study
Group thank you all for being with us
today on al Jazeera if I can start with
you Carlos Arzu Golay in Havana for the
first time in 60 years the president of
Cuba is not a Castro just how big a
moment is this for Cubans and does it
represent change in any way well this is
a very important moment but it is a
moment that for which the Cuban system
has been preparing the Cuban President
Raul Castro initiated this process of
preparing the way for a new leadership
to arrive and he's doing it in a gradual
way as we could see yesterday a couple
of the historic leaders of the
revolution of the historic gorillas
remain in the Council of State so but it
is this is historic it is the government
and the party are emphasizing continuity
but I would say that is change in
continuity the the reason for that is
that if there is no change probably
there cannot be any continuity so this
is this is a dialectical process in
which a new leadership is taking over a
leadership of people who were born and
raised in a country and borrowed by the
United States but also in a country that
at the time when they were young adults
had enjoyed a socialist system that
worked away to a great extent because
the Soviet Union subsidizing but work so
this is this is what is happening we are
you say change the sign the process are
already in place so now it's a question
of implementation okay let me just pick
up on what you said there you talked
about change in continuity do you think
the
do you expect the new president to
uphold the Castro ideology of course no
doubt about about it one of the
characteristics of mr. Diaz canal is his
loyalty to the revolution but remember
these Fidel Castro was successful
because he accomplished what many Cubans
wanted to be accomplished the old the
old ideas the old ideas of Independence
a fair country education health for all
all these were ideas that are part of
the ideals of the Cuban Revolution but
they are embedded in the Cuban in the
Cuban nation in the identity of the
given nation you can trace it back to
Jose Marti the great Cuban political
leader and poet of the end of the 19th
century he basically formulated what the
country is now there is a problem though
the problem is that the economy is not
working as I should be and it's
fundamental for the continuity of the
process that the economy be we will
indeed touch on those challenges in just
a few minutes including the economic
challenges but I want to get Vicky
Harrelson's view in Santa Fe firs before
we get to the priorities for this new
Cuban president making what type do you
a type of president do you think Miguel
Diaz canal will be do you expect any
drastic changes in direction well
absolutely no drastic changes in
direction yes canal has to satisfy the
whole party he has to sort satisfy
broadcaster who remains the head of the
Communist Party the tragedy is that this
is a historic opportunity and if the
United States weren't threatening if the
Trump administration hadn't returned to
a punitive policy then I think Diaz
canal would have more opportunity to
Institute and expand reforms people who
followed his career say he's a pragmatic
politician a seasoned politician but do
you think he'll be able to impose his
will on the various factions
of the Cuban government I think you'll
have to start out very slow
it'll have to show that he can manage
this government he'll have to satisfy as
I say ra√∫l Castro but for his own
credibility and for the success of the
Cuban nation he will have to indicate
institute reforms because the Cuban
economy has serious troubles now okay
Andrew or tassel in Washington DC your
parents are Cuban you were born and
raised in the United States I'm curious
to to know what the view is from the
Cuban American community about this new
leader do they see it as representing a
sense of real or more of the same well I
have to say that first of all I don't
think the Cuban American community just
like any other ethnic or racial
community in the United States or
elsewhere it speaks in one voice but I
think by and large they're pretty clear
eyed about the new leader we don't
expect any great transformational change
and I echo everything the Ambassador
just said in that there doesn't seem to
be any drastic change on the horizon
although in order to maintain his
legitimacy which he doesn't have because
of you know for example fighting la
sierra during the busty but these two
years he has to do something in order to
keep the economy afloat do you think
he'll have the same popular backing as
the Castro's no he doesn't have again he
doesn't have the legitimacy of the
Castro brothers he does not have the
pool that they had historically or
within the different centers of power in
Cuba he came up through the the
communist party apparatus rather than
have his power base and say the military
or the security apparatus okay well
let's talk about some of the challenges
the new president faces the biggest
challenge as you heard there from our
guests are economic latest figures show
unemployment at just under 3% but
earnings remain low the government's the
main employer and state salaries average
$30 a month reforms to boost private
enterprise introduced by Raul Castro
have been accompanied by cuts
subsidies and pensions though tourist
arrivals have doubled in 10 years
imports have dropped from 15 billion
dollars in 2013 to 10 billion dollars in
2016 making Goods and products more
scarce and Cuba has a dual currency
system that distorts the economy 1 is
used to pay wages and local goods and
the other in tourism and foreign trade
unifying the two would raise the price
of imports so a Carlos allegory in
Havana what do you see as the main
economic challenge for the new president
what should be his first priority in
dealing with the unstable economy that
Cuba has been faced with well what what
he has to achieve he's already in the
design
the three main documents at the National
Assembly and the Central Committee of
the covered in Cuban Communist Party
have adopted over the last five years
the guidelines for the updating of the
UN economic model this concept or
accession of the Cuban karevik model and
the the task or the division for 2030
now the government is working in another
document that would be a more let's say
a more a more detailed document about
2030 so these are the guidelines the
guidelines are there basically it is
transforming the Cuban economy from a
totally centralized state-owned economy
to a mixed economy a mixed economy with
an important role for the private sector
and secondly make did the centralization
of the Cuban state enterprise system in
a way that will facilitate the
modernization and efficiency of that of
that system now on these of these two
issues which are the main the main
guidelines the main the main things that
had to be done obviously it hasn't
worked and the Central Committee of the
Communist Party had a plenum about a
month ago right
it was very self-critical and it pointed
out that something had to be done so so
we'll have to see
now a lot of focusing is taking place on
this canal but I invite people to focus
on the proposal for the new vice
president
but this mis'able des Meza is a guy who
comes from the workers movement who was
a Labour leader who is he's about my age
he is he also was Minister of Labour so
he has experience on that front which is
would be one of the things that that one
could point out that that the escalera
lacks which is the experience in the
workings of the Cuban economy okay then
we have to see what's going to happen in
the Council of Ministers okay my my
suspicion is that the cultural Minister
is going to be restructured and what
role is Moreno vice-president medio will
take because he's now he's now not in
the Council of State what I suspect
there is going to be a redesign of the
Cuban institutional process okay next
process
playing the role they have to play let's
get Vicky Harrelson's view on this the
economic challenges Viki harrelson lots
of challenges ahead for this new
president how do you see him tackling
the the complex dual currency system
while at the same time making sure that
inflation doesn't rise for ordinary
Cubans what should he be doing to tackle
this issue I think he has a huge job on
his hand and I hands and I think it's
extremely difficult the Cuban government
just said that they were not moving
forward with the unification of the dual
currency and this really is critical to
attract foreign investment what I fear
is that the Cuban government has done a
wonderful job in preparing for a
succession but are they going to give
this new generation of leaders who don't
have the same credibility as the
revolutionary leaders the space they
need to undertake these economic reforms
and it's beginning to look like they're
afraid of doing that
Rahl Castro himself was not able to do
it his reforms remain incomplete and and
in fact he's pulling them back right
Andrew orta's Oh Vikki Harrelson makes
an interesting point there when she says
you know this new president was born
after the Revolution he has no military
history how do you think he'll be able
to establish his legitimacy when he
doesn't have the same moral authority as
a historic generation of revolutionary
leaders that's an open question that has
yet to be decided he's going to have to
bring in stakeholders from all the
centers of power within the Cuban
government and get at the buy-in of the
Cuban people which is no easy task he
will have to prove his own worth as a
new head of state and you know the wet
foot dry foot policy was abolished at
the end of Obama's term so there isn't
that safety valve to release pressure
internal pressure within Cuba should
there be dissatisfaction so that's gonna
get pent up and it all boils down to
whether or not he can govern an
effective manner or whether whether or
not he can direct the economy and fix
the just the disaster that's currently
being felt by the Cuban people and again
a lot of this has to do not just with
what happens within q but also US policy
because at the end of the day the Cuban
government could implement whatever
reforms they like but 90 miles offshore
is one of the most powerful and largest
economies in the world so if the United
States does not you know continues to
enact a policy of isolating Cuba then
really whatever reforms are implemented
will be will not be felt to full effect
on that yeah well where do you see these
relations with the u.s. going I mean the
recent Trump appointments don't bode
well for us Cuba relations do they no no
no whether that be at the State
Department or the National Security
Council no I don't see any real
improvements on the horizon the fact of
the matter really is in the United
States the Cuba policy has been solved
out to hardliners in Congress q an
American
to be more specific and they're really
driving this and I don't see that
changing anytime soon okay Carlos ours
like a your thoughts on the evolution of
us-cuba relations the improvement in
relations which began under Barack Obama
have been partially reversed since
Donald Trump entered the White House do
you see them getting worse now with this
new Cuban leader
well obviously mr. he was reversing
everything that Obama did he has
actually not done that I think there is
a consensus in the United States were by
or ETO people inside the government
outside the government in business in
the agricultural sector in some states
that are in Republican hands that it
makes sense to continue having a
normalization process so you see a kind
of a weird situation
Trump has diminished has run down the
embassy Havana which i think is a big
mistake the damages the regular Cubans
it doesn't damage that much the Cuban
government but it damaged the Cuban
government but it damages United States
interests because they don't have and if
an effect as effective a listening post
in Havana as they could have if there
was a an embassy embassy here I imagine
a lot of people at the State Department
at the CIA and some other at the at the
Pentagon say come on we need to our
people on the ground and and we have to
people in the ground to know what's
happening and also to influence did you
guys did you guys were book based
embargo by the United States so this is
a the new leadership has to be
approached in a very careful manner from
the point of view of US interest now I
think Trump is the prompt policy is an
anomaly and I think it will be abandoned
at some point in time even by Trump
itself or eventually by the next
president of course we don't know what
that's going to happen right
I think the the strategy of the Cuban
government should be basically to make
the economy work even with the US
embargo on and that would give a signal
that the embargo is useless Viki
Huddleston
in Santa Fe you thoughts on the future
of us-cuban relations do you see the
normalization process resuming or is
that forgotten about now is relations
only going to get worse relations are
only going to get worse john bolton the
new national security director has
always been a hardliner on cuba he
accused Cuba of having biological agents
that Cuba was sharing with rogue nations
this was untrue but he did it in order
to sabotage President Carter's a trip to
Cuba so we can expect him to try to
rollback
further the travel of Americans to Cuba
Mike Pompeo if he becomes Secretary of
State criticized President Obama's trip
to Cuba and said it promoted
dictatorship so I think we should be
very very worried that we're moving back
toward a hostile policy as Andrew said
president Trump has turned Cuba policy
over to the hardliners led by Senator
Marco Rubio in our era in the US Senate
so this this is a problem especially
since Cuba has always had mentor an ally
that provides support and subsidies such
as the Soviet Union and then Venezuela
so now once again Cuba is looking for
that mentor for that nation that can
subsidize its economy and it's looking
toward Russia which is providing it with
petroleum and has taken over initialed
an agreement to take over the management
of the Cienfuegos petroleum refinery and
also China which is Cuba's major trading
partner more greater than the EU so
these are things the
States should worry about we are pushing
Cuba toward Russia and China rather than
helping Cuba and its people expand their
business and their possibilities and
bring it closer to the United States I'm
drew Otis all I want to get your
thoughts on on Cuba's role and position
in the wider Latin America region this
transfer of power comes at a precarious
time in Cuba's history Cuban allies in
Latin America have been voted out of
government positions across the region
in recent years what impact you see this
new leadership having on Cuba's position
within the region well going back to the
early 2000s Cuba was the the leader of
the so-called pink revolution in Latin
America whether that be go Chavez in
Venezuela or Bolivia and Nicaragua Dena
Brazil but things have changed
drastically since then many of the more
leftist governments in Latin America
have either been kicked out of power or
been voted out and Cuba just doesn't
find itself in the same position that it
used to be its main benefactor Venezuela
is going through an economic implosion
currently and it's like the ambassador
said Cuba's looking to other countries
for support because its economic system
ever since the Revolution has been based
on an outside patron that is able to
subsidize the rest of the economy
so things have really changed since then
really right now Cuba does not Cuba
still holds a lot of the imagination of
Latin American governments but it really
doesn't have the same I'd say influence
in the rest of the region that I used to
have okay let me get basilar article a
to give us the final word on where he
sees Cuba heading next within the region
do you see Cuba regaining some of this
lost influence well I don't think you
are has lost interest in Latin America
the influence of Cuban Latin America has
been important and significant because
sometimes it is thought
Cuba has only a relationship with the
leveling forces now Cuba was smart
enough to have a relationship with all
political forces in the region that that
were not totally hostile to Cuba that
can be President Santos in Colombia that
can be Macri himself in Argentina that
can be Calderon in Mexico now Pena Nieto
I think you has been very smart the
influence of Cuba in Latin America is
even in the cultural field for example
Cuba has two initiatives that have
worked very well over time which is the
casa de las am√©ricas which is a central
point of development of continental
culture in the region and also the
festival of the new Latin American
cinema these are elements of a policy
that is very wide-ranging ok and that
has been tamed Cuba as an actor on the
other hand I agree with Andrew the
imagination of Latin America has been
caught up by by the Cuban Revolution and
many people's even if they are
right-wing they sympathize with Cuba
thank you so much ambassador Carlos
al-zuhari Vicki Huddleston and Andrew or
tassel for a very interesting discussion
on the future of Cuba and thank you as
well for watching you can watch this
program anytime by visiting our website
at aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page let's
facebook.com/ for /aj Inside Story and
of course you can also join the
conversation on Twitter or handle either
AJ inside story from me fully back to
born the whole team thank you for
watching bye for now
you
you
