they surrendered without a fight rebels
and mayor have agreed to leave accepting
an offer from the Syrian and Russian
militaries for safe passage to rebel
areas in northern Syria hundreds of
Fighters are to be evacuated along with
a few thousand of their family members
they didn't want to repeat of the
pro-government alliances military
assault against what was once the rebel
enclaves of Eastern Utah after the
brutal regime displays the people of
Eastern Utah it now wants to do the same
here so to prevent this and prevent
further destruction we accepted to
surrender this will save the lives of
civilians Tomasulo and Lilia
as part of the deal the rebels handed
over their medium-sized and heavy
weapons the town in the kalamoon region
north east of Damascus has been under
siege for years more than 100,000 people
live there half of them internally
displaced the deal avoided a military
offensive the army and its allies are
now giving the rebel factions that
control the other towns in the kalamoon
and clav 24 hours to surrender or face a
stepped-up bombing campaign the
pro-government alliance has been using
the threat of military action to force
their opponents to lay down their
weapons without a fight it has given
ISIL 48 hours to leave the districts the
armed group controls in southern
Damascus or face an all-out military
offensive those districts are under
siege and the Army has sent
reinforcements to the frontlines and in
the past 72 hours and after months of a
relative lull in the fighting the
opposition controlled northern
countryside of Homs was heavily
bombarded they started a military
assault on northern Homs a neighboring
southern Hama to pressure the
negotiating committee that represents
the opposition to surrender these areas
are supposed to be de-escalation zones
agreed in Astana we are looking for a
solution that doesn't involve the
military option the opposition is in
talks with a Russian military a
ceasefire is now in place until
negotiations resumed on Sunday the
pro-government alliance
once the end Claver turned to state rule
the opposition however is hoping for a
long-term ceasefire agreement on the
people in the northern countryside of
harm's don't want their town to be
destroyed we don't want war we want
peace and we don't want to be displaced
that is what we want but if the regime
and the Russians launch a military
assault rebel commanders have said they
will fight back rebels are increasingly
under pressure their territories are
under siege the Syrian government and
its allies are in a strong position and
are clearly pushing ahead with a
military solution to crush the rebellion
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
