angry discussions never cease in the
village of Pico outside the Nigerian
capital since Abuja was chosen to build
a new capital 40 years ago they say
their social and economic status has
continued to deteriorate they still live
in humble mud homes without basic
amenities I have no medical care here
and we have no functioning schools the
teachers refused to stay here we don't
have electricity but water is our most
urgent problem we had a borehole that
soon broke down we almost never used it
Pico and two other villages around this
place have up to 3000 people living in
them the only source of drinking water
they have is this muddy pond Mother
Nature generously gave it to them for
survival but they say the government
isn't even considering sanitizing it and
pumping it to their homes the spring is
only a thin stream it takes time for the
pond to the film supplying the village
with what a means hard work by these
women throughout the day there are more
than 800 villages such as pico
surrounding Abuja the area is called
Federal Capital Territory more than 1
million Nigerians live in the F city
pockets of poverty side by side with
posh new residential districts owned
mostly by people who came from other
regions so I live in FCT people that
came from other artists instead that's
why they are calling the villages
satellite towns yet these villages
existed before even angela was I'm
anointed in 1914 a desirous request for
comment from the government was declined
venality and his community continue to
demand reform but they say their voice
is hardly had because they don't have
any meaningful representation at the
higher level the Constitution says the
president is also governor FCT villagers
doubt Muhammadu Buhari has time to fix
their problems we have driven manasa in
our own country
the worth of the matter there is no
system for accountability for the
governor and fgt pleas for justice and
equity and democracy to work there is
nowhere in the world at the head of
state who will become the governor of
the territory of again it's not done
anywhere
let's head up sir please Luke with
opposition let people hear this I have
their own governor's they do not have a
governor they do not have a male so it
is like they are deprived and they
believe that it is only by instating
their people or putting them in this
position of authority that they will be
able to make any meaningful impact
without an elected mayor governor local
council or minister f city people say
they feel powerless
which means economic deprivation for
them Mohammed van al Jazeera Abuja
Nigeria
