Thank You mr. telephony for accepting to
talk to us today there have been a lot
of political developments in Iraq and
Iraqi Kurdistan over the past one year
so let's start with the national
elections in May this year it took
forever to come to an agreement and
elect a president who then gave the
mandate to the prime minister why did it
take so long I think that if you look
over all the last few elections we've
had it's always taken a long time
there's a lot of different groups
jockeying for different positions and
lots of deals that have to be made and
partnerships to be formed I didn't think
it took a particularly long time to be
honest with you mm-hmm
but there were negotiations happening
behind the scenes between your party the
Patrick the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan
yes and the Kurdistan Democratic Party
yes there were okay and there seemed to
be disagreements along the way there
were a little disagreement along the way
but not perhaps as as big a disagreement
as being shown in the media we think
there wasn't really enough time to make
a decision we used to have a strategic
alliance with the KDP and the strategic
alliance was that the KDP would have or
one of the parties would have the
regional president and in return the
other party would have the president in
Baghdad and this became complicated
because the position of president in the
north has been put on hold as the
positions have been put on hold the
powers of the president have been spread
among the prime minister and certain
other places in parliament so it seemed
difficult for us as the puk to have both
presidents in effect with the KGB so we
wanted to do was make some kind of
arrangement where dr. Burnham the puk
candidate was the candidate of the Kurds
as a whole
unfortunately they didn't seem to be
enough time to manage these negotiations
with the KDP so what happened was both
parties ended up going into Baghdad with
two different candidates this saddened
me a great deal actually to be honest
with you because I would have preferred
the Kurds to have made their own
decisions before going to Baghdad but at
the end of the day this is what's
happened it was a political situation
that had to be resolved the situation
between the two parties I think is not
so difficult to overcome there's been
issues between the KDP and the puk for a
few years now and to be fair that a lot
of those issues caused more by the puk
than the KDP the puk has had problems
internally since mangal became sick and
then sadly passed away the puk had lots
of issues amongst itself issues of
confidence issues of direction issues of
unity
and because of this it's been very
difficult to make concrete and strategic
deals with the KDP
with Iran and to be fair a lot of that
has been our fault but now a more
unified and cohesive PUK is able I think
now to make appropriate agreements and
alliances with all the political parties
that it needs to do so the Kurdish
region recently also had its own
election YES on the 30th of September
it's been three weeks since that
election and we still don't have the
final official announcement of the
results why is it taking so long some
people are saying there's negotiations
between the KDP and the puk going on is
that true how are these negotiations
going will we have soon
a Kurdish government I think we will
have soon a Kurdish government
what happened is the elections gone
ahead and there are complaints from many
different parties about certain
irregularities so it's up to the
Commission and if necessary the court to
look at this and make a final decision I
don't think it's taking a particularly
long time and what I am aware of is in
the next few days the results will be
made and once the results are made it's
easier than for the puk to make its
official position known I think it's
difficult for the puk to give an
official decision now mm-hmm and do you
think then the negotiation process for
the formation of the government would be
difficult because of the situation with
in between the KDP and the puk there is
a reality in Kurdistan and the reality
of in Kurdistan is whenever the Kurds
have been united especially the puk and
the KGB the financial the security the
political situation has always been
karma and better and I think all sides
realize this and I think this new
unified PUK is in a better position to
make a concrete deal with all the
Kurdish parties necessary to move could
understand forwards to the next stage
and I think all sides realize this and
I'm hoping that with everybody putting
their sensible hats on and sitting to
make real and concrete negotiations and
everybody willing to make certain
sacrifices I'm hoping that we can have a
very strong government and we can start
working on all of the issues that we
need to work on the financial crisis the
disputed territories our relationship
with Baghdad etc etc mm-hmm I'm
optimistic but I'm genetically
optimistic on the telephone what is your
relationship or the relationship of the
puk with the other smaller parties in
the Kurdish region I think the
relationship is good with my master Ali
by Pierre in Como the relationship has
always been good with
to yogurt or a fine party with some very
very intelligent members Quran is a part
of the puk they may not like me saying
this but the only solution I think for
God I listed for God to come back into
the puk or to make some kind of unity
because I think apart from each other we
will never get what we really want to
achieve and coming back to the KDP the
KDP have to be the strategic partners of
the puk going forward so i believe i
believe that the relationship with the
KDP can be strengthened i think we can
go forwards with them and I really hope
that we're on the brink of another huge
leap forward for kurdistan mm-hmm
well another issue that seems to cause a
lot of disagreement between the two
major Kurdish parties is Kirkuk yes
currently the governor there who was
appointed but by back that he has been
elected to Parliament so there needs to
be a new governor so now from what I
understand there is negotiations and
even a competition for who will take
that governorship what is your position
on this where are the negotiations going
will this be resolved soon as well um I
don't think that's necessarily fair that
there's a competition for the
governorship what I'd like to see happen
is for the puk and KDP to sit down
together and work through these issues I
think with one voice we'll be much
stronger in our position to influence
things in Kirkuk and in Baghdad and in
fact we've already reached out to the
KDP when our a team was in Baghdad for
government formation the first person we
called was the KDP delegation and
offered to sit together and help each
other get the ministries who want and
the same thing has happened regarding
Kirkuk we've reached out to the KDP and
said look we wish to have a meeting of
all parties where we can sit down and
discuss Kirkuk and the best way to move
forward again I really want to stress
unity unity unity and I think if we can
do that if we can get past
and the other issues that are holding us
back I think that we can we can really
move good to stand forwards in the next
four years and what are these other
issues what are you talking about what
is kind of the biggest problem let's say
between the KDP and the puk honestly the
biggest problem I think is a bad
experiences of the past of deals and
contracts and negotiations that haven't
been fulfilled and you'll speak to most
people and they'll say they did it we
did it
I think the reality of the situation is
both parties are responsible both
parties have made errors and both
parties have made mistakes in the past
and as I stressed the puk had its own
internal problems and was perhaps not in
a situation to move forwards strongly
and bravely and and do the deals that
are needed to do to make good has done
flourish but I really think that time
has passed
the puk hasn't been this united since
before mom Jalal got sick so I'm
optimistic for the region I'm optimistic
for Kurdistan I'm optimistic for our
partnership with the KGB the friendships
in the puk in the KDP are very very deep
some of the people I most respect
politically and as people members of the
KD being people like nation and Barzani
obviously catmus out himself got muscle
or etcetera etc so I think that the
situation isn't that bad as perhaps
being portrayed it just going to take
bravery and people willing to make
sacrifices to get where we want to be
mm-hmm and there's also one more issue
concerning Kirkuk that seems to be
causing a lot of trouble and that is the
pumping of oil from the Kirkuk oil
fields through the Kurdistan pipeline
other negotiations right now going on
between the KRG and Baghdad on
decision I couldn't actually answer you
on this one with any kind of authority
or information it's not something I'm
dealing with and be honest with you no
something I want to deal with but I'll
be very surprised if somebody wasn't
talking to somebody about how this
pipeline is going to be mm-hmm well
talking about oil over the past year
there have been quite a few deals made
with a newcomer on the scene here in
Iraqi Kurdistan and that's Rosneft yes
the Russian company yes one of the deals
was including you know the takeover of
the Kurdish the Kurdistan pipeline by
Rosneft what do you think about these
deals are these deals in the interest of
the KRG are they good for the region and
do you think that they should go forward
because they're currently being disputed
by but that I would be very surprised if
the KRG did things after all this
investigation and communication that
wasn't good for the KRG whether baghdad
sees it as good for the KRG i can't
really speak for again the only way to
get past this is for Baghdad in ecology
to sit down together and see what areas
are disputed and why there are disputes
I'm sure they can meet in the middle
somewhere mm-hmm
one of the major debates that has been
going on over the past few months in
Iraq is international involvement in in
the country they have been protests in
the south of the country specifically
Basra they went as far as attacking the
Iranian consulate there there seems to
be anger at least in certain quarters in
Iraq about Iranian influence or
interference in the affairs of the
country how do you see that
I think Iraq is a very important
regional country and it's unrealistic to
expect any country be the United States
to be in Iran because you know
everybody's been hearing this
has been Iran versus the United States
it's unrealistic to expect other
countries not to want to influence this
situation but the solution is very
simple I think the Iraqi political
parties and the Iraqi people have to
simply do what's best for Iraq and not
get involved in external struggles or
external squabbles the solution is for
the Iraqi people to look at Iraq and
think look what's good for Iraq and I
think that's the best way for to proceed
you're known to have relations good
relations with both Iran and the u.s.
yes
what are your relations like right now
under the Trump administration with the
US and how do you see US presence
continuing US presence in Iraq I'd like
to think our relations are very good
with the United States of America
they've been a strategic Ally with for
us for many many years now in the fight
against terrorism etc etc I'd like to
see the relationship get stronger I'd
like to see a US presence here for many
many years to come and I think we have
some trips planned soon to the United
States and things will become clearer
then but everybody that we're in contact
with here Brett McGurk the ambassador
the General Counsel's relationship has
been very very good there's been trying
times of course the issue with the
referendum strained things a little but
I think in general we have a very good
relationship with the United States and
it's something we wish to keep
but the Trump administration is also
right now building a coalition here in
the region and anti-iran coalition let's
say attracting a number of countries and
a number of political forces here to
join that coalition against Iran where
does the puk stand on this I think the
puk really has no desire to become
involved in regional conflicts we have
enough financial security and stability
issues in Kurdistan we share a very long
border with Iran and we have a long
relationship with Iran going
many many years and many times
Iran has helped us many times they're
honest hindered us
I think it's unrealistic to expect that
the UK or any other Kurdish party or any
other Iraqi party to cut ties and
political relationship with Iran the
reality of the situation is we have
hundreds of kilometres of borders with
Iran the majority of trade in the
Sulaymaniyah region is with Iran and a
thousand years from now these borders
will probably still be the same you're
yourself a military man how do you see
the security situation going forward do
you think ISO will come back do you
think it has been defeated for now and
what needs to be done I think ISIL
military threat is definitely not what
it was but we're expecting and are
seeing a move towards more asymmetrical
warfare at the same time I think in some
of the disputed areas notably Kirkuk The
Situation's the security situation is
not good
I think the forces that are in Kirkuk
are not familiar with the area not
familiar with the locals and this needs
to be addressed very very quickly we
need some kind of joint force from
Kirkuk looking after kakou concur
cookies and this force should be
comprised of Turkmens Arabs Christians
Kurds everybody should be there I think
we really do need that because we are
starting to see an escalation of issues
in and around Kirkuk so this is one area
that really needs to be addressed
quickly mm-hmm well given all this
instability and let's say the
possibility of an I so come back don't
you think that the Kurdish forces should
be united that there should be one
unified armed force here in the Kurdish
region and why is this not happening I'd
love to see that happen okay so why is
it not happening why is it not happening
I think we're slowly moving in that
direction but every time we have some
kind of political setback
I think if you want the honest truth I
think people are afraid people are
afraid of something new it's a huge
change for could understand but I really
would like to see that I would like to
see one in United Kurdish security
apparatus military apparatus etc and I
think we can move towards that and I
think it will help the political process
here it will help normalize Kurdistan
mm-hmm it will change the dynamic of the
region I think for the better it's
something I wish to try to work on in
the next four years well this year it's
20 years since the end of the civil war
between the two Kurdish parties the
Washington agreement was signed in 1998
I have talked to some people who have
expressed worry about the fact that both
of the parties are quite well-armed very
dead correct is there risk at some point
that the tensions that they are right
now between the KDP and the puk could
escalate into an armed conflict over my
dead body and over the dead body of many
many Kurds that's just not something
that will happen I think nobody is
willing to do that anymore those days
are long gone we're still paying the
price of that internal conflict Kurds
will not should not and absolutely must
not be allowed to kill cuts if we need
to be able to resolve our issues
politically we need to be able to sit
down and and and get to the root of the
problem and dialogue with each other
again these two political parties have
known each other for decades we have
friends in each each of the parties and
there's absolutely no reason for that to
happen I think it would be an absolute
disaster a disaster for Kurdistan a
disaster for both parties a disaster for
Iraq and for the Middle East I think
this is the absolute doomsday scenario
that every could with a single brain
cell will do everything in their power
to make this
never happen if let's say the the
security situation stays stable then
there's the economic and financial
situation which has been getting worse
you mentioned that in the beginning
recently there was an incident in the
Mediterranean Sea a boat sank with
migrants and refugees a dozen kurtz died
your people continued to flee the region
I know and yet the region is also very
oil-rich do you think that the political
elite the Kurdish political elite has
failed its people I think to say it's
failed its people is perhaps a little
harsh but if we're very honest with each
other we could have all done better some
hasn't been in Kurdistan for decades now
when I look at the Kurdistan I think the
situation with electricity still isn't
as good as it should be the situation
with sewage still isn't good as it
should be
the situation with roads and
infrastructure still isn't as good as it
should be but some of that also is down
to the curse of oil where could the
stone is a very mineral rich country
Kurdistan could be very very strong
agriculturally we could have technical
tech centers and factories but what's
happened is the price of oil was so high
everything was concentrated on oil and
everything else was kind of pushed to
the side I think with newer and stronger
agreements with Baghdad with a different
unity amongst the Kurdish parties I
think there's no reason why we can't get
back to where we were a few years ago
and a few years ago actually what was
happening was the opposite Kurds in
Europe and in the rest of the world were
coming back to Kurdistan and this is
where I'd like to get to again with my
partners in the KDP and in Gorrell and
in Carmel and then yet good to etc and I
think we can't get back there one of the
criticisms that I have heard in Baghdad
in
here in Seoul ammonia is that politics
in Iraq in general has become a family
business
what do you respond to that I think that
you could make that argument you could
make that argument to a lesser degree in
the United States you can make that
argument in many many countries I think
that nobody in any family should be in a
position of power just because they are
in that family and they're in that
position of power but on the opposite of
that I don't think someone should be
held back from politics if they are
working in the party and are doing
wealth and are trying to improve the
situation a family name shouldn't be
held against them I think it's a
difficult balance but I think to be fair
if you look at the Middle East as a
whole it's not unique to Iraq this and
in this sense then do you support the
calls for this next government of Iraq
to be technocratic I think that the
government of Iraq needs a mixture of
everybody we need some technocrats but
we also need some strong political
figures that can hold everything
together this is after all Iraq and it
has its unique set of problems and its
difficulties it's in a very interesting
neighborhood it has a very very
interesting financial makeup ethnic
makeup religious makeup and I think a
government purely of technocrats perhaps
would be better off with some strong
political figures inside it that can
maybe hold things together and guide
things in certain directions that would
be what I would like to see happen and
does the puk have specific posts within
the cabinet you know it's a after
specific post and within that cabinet no
no it's not
I think the puk has always been a part
of the solution for problems in Iraq
and we want to get back to being there
we want to be a part of the solution not
be a part of the problem I would like
the puk to work more with Baghdad
increases presence in Baghdad
ideally side by side with the other
Kurdish parties because if you look at
our seats in parliament and we're so
strong and bad data for United so this
is what I would like to see happen and I
think hopefully it will happen so then
is the future of the Kurdish region
within the borders of Iraq or is it
dependents out of question
I don't think independence is out of the
question and I don't think that it's an
issue that even needs addressing now we
have so many current problems we have so
many issues that we need to overcome we
need to be part of Iraq the strength of
the region from now for us is through
Baghdad and I think that every Kurd
wants an independent Kurdistan but the
reality of this situation is this cannot
happen
unilaterally Baghdad some of the
surrounding countries have to agree to
this and we have to make movements
towards that very carefully in a
considered diplomatic manner I think
some of the mistakes of the past
shouldn't be repeated because if
anything they will set the Kurdish cause
back mm-hmm
and finally what are your personal
ambitions where do you see yourself do
you see taking leadership of the party
do you see yourself staying a military
man where do you see yourself in the
future I'd like to see a unified PUK now
for me frankly who's in charge is not
important but I'd like to see a unified
strong PUK with the other Kurdish
parties side by side moving could
understand for words I'd like to see
many different policies implemented
for the good of the people certain
anti-corruption policies we need to
change the way we hold our elections we
need to move forwards together with all
the parties my personal ambitions are
that and I think a strong United PUK
makes everybody's life a lot easier and
I really do believe that we are on the
brink of making understand stand up
again and be strong financially secure
I'm really hoping that we can do this
but we can't do this alone the puk can't
do this alone
the KGB can do this alone we have to do
this together thank you so much for your
interview thank you
