let us salute also today the government
of Norway for its remarkable role in
nurturing a little sadena can Assam Dola
feel a hell of a sudden American mr.
Dwight first
he said Ivan had normal Junction to such
an evasion guarantee on one condition
the 19 is secret back channel to his
friend you provided
only by relieving itself of the burden
of the occupied territories can Israel
succeed and prosper I'm ready to talk
with any Palestinian that will renounce
Terrill and recognizes
or they are resistant to love hello
artists coalition itself or the school
to oust and fertilize Manaslu we did not
started if for example father would have
not invited us to go to Norway I would
presume that if father would say pay for
yourself also would it not happen
etymology Adnan an infernal Farrar learn
Lua domina - Volvo should list it on
you
