liftoff the SpaceX Falcon 9 carrying
tests this isn't the first mission to
search for new worlds but it may be
NASA's most revealing for the next two
years the test satellite will take over
from the Kepler space telescope in
search of alien planets whilst in orbit
this new telescope will observe 200,000
of the brightest stars in the sky
mission scientists say it could discover
20,000 new worlds now Tess is going to
dramatically increase the number of
planets that we have to study it's going
to more than double the number that have
been seen and detected by by Kepler and
moreover the planets that we're going to
find will will span a much greater range
of host star types than was the case for
Kepler when the Kepler space telescope
launched in 2009 it transformed our
understanding of planets beyond our own
solar system based on its observations
astronomers now believe the Milky Way is
home to at least two billion potentially
habitable planets Kepler only observed a
fraction of the sky Tess is able to see
far more the exoplanet community is very
enthusiastic to vibrant community and
there are a lot of people very eager to
get their hands on the data and start
doing some great science with it and I
think you know I think that over the
coming years we're going to see an
enormous number of brilliant scientific
results coming out of test data from
across the entire community I'm really
excited for that for the next 60 days
mission scientists will be running tests
and ironing out bugs as the satellite
begins its orbit the first batches of
data won't be released for months but if
life is out there tests may be the
project that finds it and a Gallacher al
Jazeera
