as the bus is full of people forced from
their homes left parts of Eastern Utah
after five years of siege in bombings
government forces and allied militia
moved in pro-assad government TV crews
rushed to show how the enclaves was run
by rebel fighters who they call
terrorists the relentless bombardment
forced people underground into basements
such as this one in Jobar frequent
attacks on hospitals meant even
treatment was being provided below
ground level the narration says only
fighters were allowed in and civilians
were prohibited charities supporting
health institutions like this deny those
claims of Amitabha be renewed according
to syrian media every organization
helping the besieged population of
almost 400,000 people was supporting
terrorists but doctors say their oath
demands that they treat people who need
medical assistance irrespective of
political or ideological affiliations
the government says there was no
medicine shortage in besieged huhta
medics say the boxes of medical supplies
brandished in regime propaganda are
misleading the situation in in Ruta was
extremely dramatic their needs were
absolutely unique it was an unseen
situation the medical colleagues that we
were supporting in Utah
they were clearly sharing me off with
asked a concern of not having enough
medical supplies the influx of tens of
thousands to adlib in Aleppo is making
things difficult for an already
stretched health infrastructure doctors
at one Hospital in qalaat al-madiq say
5,000 people were dropped off on the
first day of the evacuation most of the
injured were hit by bombings and some
had gunshot wounds to be treated in the
hospital's only operation theater in
addition to the hundreds of cases with
trauma and injuries they had deal with
pregnant women giving birth in cases of
malnutrition it is dire it is definitely
acute and once the arrival of the
displaced becomes more of a stable
situation still the health system
existing in the northwest or concretely
in the alien governor it is not enough
you don't have a special is you don't
have in every in every health facility
enough medical supplies backing hood
medical workers are calling on UN
agencies to use the proximity to the
capital
Mascis to rebuild and support the
devastated health infrastructure
now that the bombs are not falling
there's no more media attention on the
health needs
sizing previous examples of neglect in
Aleppo and Homs aid workers are warning
of a looming health crisis for the tens
of thousands of people left behind in
eastern huhta where the whole population
is viewed with suspicion of supporting
the opposition Hama bin jabr al jazeera
near the turkey-syria border
