Saudi Arabia is gearing up to open its
first public cinema the Hollywood film
Black Panther is the first movie to be
screened at an AMC entertainment theater
in Riyadh AMC is America's biggest movie
theater chain it has signed a deal with
Saudi Arabia's Information Ministry
together they plan to open up 40 cinemas
in 15 cities over the next five years in
return
Saudi Arabia is sponsoring a pavilion at
the can film festival to showcase Saudi
short films now this is all part of the
kingdom's mission to move into an era of
social and economic reforms the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman has been
pushing for these changes he hopes to do
away with the country's dependence on
oil by launching other non oil related
projects and find new ways to help the
economy with things like new
technologies and also improving women's
rights now with the majority of the
country's 32 million population under
the age of 30 the government says the
cinema sector could help its GDP and
also create more jobs by 2030 now Saudi
Arabia did have cinemas back in the
1970s but they were closed by clerics
after a rise in conservative influence
throughout the Arab region at that time
in 2006 a group of men stormed a theatre
stage during a performance in Riyadh the
play was critical of religious
conservatives now there's been a mixed
reaction online here's what one Saudi
woman had to say a cinema for Sharia
sinner to let us address the real
problems we have we have thousands of
unemployed graduates teachers even
doctors you want to implement reforms
fine we hear all the talks about the
entertainment authority planning musical
events and other venues but many here
can't afford much we barely have a park
or a decent mall to go to when I heard
them talking about entertainment I
thought they will be opening new
libraries or big parks gyms stadiums
major malls but cinemas we have access
to cinemas at home we have bigger issues
to deal with and we've been looking at
the conversation on Twitter now these
tweets are in Arabic so I'll translate
this user says it has
nothing to do with reform it's a sign of
backwardness and ignorance
it shows the desperation of how some
would like to mimic other countries and
this one is pleased she says that a few
more months and I'll be able to drive my
own car to the movies another added some
Hume is saying some nations are
exploring Mars while ours just
discovered the cinema well let us know
what you think
connect with us on any of the platforms
use the hashtag AJ news great
