it is the most extraordinary of
coincidences that what's become known as
the wind rush generation scandal erupted
at exactly the same time as the
Commonwealth Heads of Government
conference is underway in London it
piled on the embarrassment for the
British government which has had to
explain to these country's leaders why
UK citizens have been sent to places
their parents came from two generations
ago having already accepted that the
policy was indefensible the Prime
Minister took the opportunity to grovel
in her own Parliament as well these
people are British they are part of us
and for those who have mistakenly
received letters challenging them
I want to say to apologize to them and I
want to say sorry to anyone who's been
caused could paths confusion or anxiety
felt as a result
but having already proved it's possible
to deport British citizens from Britain
the government is now having to explain
to these people
Europeans living in the UK why the same
won't happen to them after brexit it's
already sent a shiver through European
politicians implacably opposed to brexit
we've called an emergency meeting for
the coming days certainly after the
winter scandal in in Britain we want to
be sure that the same is not happening
to our European citizens and that there
is no bureaucratic nightmare they're
faced with all this the home office
which organizes things like visas and
residency permits is trying to prove its
competence it wants to create an app to
simplify the process for people who
should have the right to be here but who
fear they will be unfairly dealt with
the campaign group called the 3 million
the number of European Union citizens in
the UK met a government minister on
Tuesday and say they're a bit more
hopeful than they were we are a bit
worried because you know things can
happen and we still don't have any clear
and we still don't have all the details
of how the process is going to be but I
mean do you worry if they can make
mistakes with British citizens they
could make mistakes with Europeans as
well yeah exactly
one source at the Home Office told me
much of the problems affecting the
windrows generation came down to staff
cuts among civil servants the other
question is whether a hard brexit will
distinguish between either skin colour
or nationality perhaps the most
extraordinary thing about all this is
that politicians who support the UK's
exit from the European Union the fond of
saying that Britain would be far better
off doing business with the Commonwealth
because that's Britain's natural friends
and so on one level this does look
pretty embarrassing for supporters of
brexit but it has also raised the
question if this is how the UK treats
its friends then what does it mean for
everybody else
Lawrence Lee al Jazeera at the home
office in London
