hi I'm Malika Balad and here in the
stream live on al-jazeera and YouTube
for the first time in 60 years Cuba has
a new president whose last name isn't
Castro so what will new leadership mean
for the country
Thursday President Roh Castro stepped
down handing over power to his first
vice president Miguel Diaz canet it's
unclear the path Diaz Canal will take as
leader but one thing is certain he
becomes president at a time when Cuba
faces a serious economic crisis
compounded by the dwindling subsidies
from Venezuela and the continuation of
u.s. embargoes al Jazeera Latin American
editor Lucia Newman joins us live from
the capital Havana where she's reporting
on this historic event
Lucia welcome to the stream describe for
us the mood in Havana right now what's
the atmosphere like what are people
thinking about this historic event well
you know what they're really thinking is
that it is historic in a way but that
the change isn't radical not the least
in fact what you have is a change but
with more or less the same script you
have a president who has stepped down
but who isn't going very far at all
Raul Castro will remain as the head of
the Communist Party so and I which is
the most important organization really
political organization of Cuba and he
will remain there for another three
years right by the new president's side
that was made very very clear so when
you speak to ordinary Cubans on the
streets as I did I was first of all
surprised that a lot of them weren't
even listening to the speeches that were
taking place at the National Assembly
they said well you know this is a
transition everything in this country is
gradual it always is and it will
continue to be that way
some young people though said that they
had hoped that the Nohr were hoping that
the new president being from a younger
generation would speed up the kind of
reforms that Raul Castro had begun but
which they believed are absolutely
insufficient they want more freedom of
information more freedom to care to have
their own businesses they of course want
to have improvements in the economy that
you just alluded to but they're not
really quite sure how much this new
president will be able to do at least in
the short term
change isn't radical and that of course
Castro will remain the head of the party
so that said what about the rest of the
government because or are they staying
in place well some of them remain in
place one of them one of them Machado
ven Duda has gone but he remains as the
second Secretary of the Communist Party
and there is expected to be this gradual
change of what some people call the
dinosaurs to the younger generation and
I think the most significant thing of
all is that this canal asked for a
postponement of the naming of his
cabinet until the next time that the
National Assembly meets that's in July
and there is a sense that he may name
completely different people to the
cabinet that are not necessarily members
of the Council of State as has been the
case up until now and that should give
him some independence but again remember
Raul Castro who is of the historic
generation of the Cuban Revolution will
remain very much watching what happens
for at least another three years until
the next Cuban Communist Party Congress
he said that if all goes well then he
will really hand over then that
transition from the end of the Castro
era will really take place and that's in
three years time
he says if his health accompanies him he
will then become quote just another
soldier of the Cuban Revolution we will
continue to watch during that time as
well to see a Newman thank you for
joining us today
so with Castro's legacy in the rearview
mirror
what will Cuba's future look like under
a new leader well joining us to discuss
this in Texas arturo lopez levy he is a
Cuban political analyst and author of
Raul Castro and the new Cuba he also
once worked for the Cuban government in
New York Herald Cardenas lemma a Cuban
political analyst in Missouri Amalia
dochadi no she's a Cuban American
professor at the University of Missouri
and in Miami Ramon Sanchez he's the
director of democracy movement that's an
organization that seeks political change
in Cuba welcome to the stream all of you
we'll start on my laptop because of
course there is lots of reaction to this
news online this is via Twitter this is
Eduardo Sanchez who writes the new
president Diaz canal until today most
likely Canon well listening to the new
president of Cuba there will be
continuity but the president has his own
ideas and has always applied them when
assuming a position for Cuba Harold how
are you feeling today actually I'm I'm
feeling hopeful for the future for the
things to come I think that today
leaders cannot show that this is a
continuity and not a ruptured that's
very important from domestic politics
it was very careful not to undermine the
older generation that proves that he's
also very smart he knows how to play the
rules I think that he's a much more
relatable person that it appears given
politicians for husband for long not
being very publicly show what they do
and what they think I think he could do
much better than that I'm hopeful but
hopefully he came for the speed the
changes in Cuba
but that also depends on the US the
mortality in the United States towards
Cuba the less changes were gonna have
Ramona you heard Harold he's hopeful are
you feeling as hopeful unfortunately we
just had a secession of power not a
transition of democracy
yes Canal was elected by Raul Castro
only and this assembly that is a
structured to abide by the will of the
dictator the Cuban people did not have a
say in electing yes canal to power but
things could change because new faces
are now entering the Cuba scenario the
people are already tired of withstanding
60 years of repression and dictatorship
division of the Cuban families I disrupt
the economy totally destroyed and they
have the need to live in a society where
they can enjoy human rights and civil
rights so the pressure inside and also
the international community really
this is a dictatorship and not a
socialist revolution as they'd like to
call it the most pressure could end up
helping some changes in the future so
everyone of course clearly this is not
necessarily a welcome move for you I
want to share it with our audience how
much so this is not a welcome move this
is a headline in Spanish but this week
you organize protests in Miami against
this transfer of power as you called it
what is it that you were calling for it
and that you gather people in Miami to
call for you can see here a few pictures
of people who gathered in the streets of
Miami what were you calling for what
we're asking for is for the government
to allow a process to ask the Cuban
people what type of system they want the
Cuban people have been imposed upon them
a socialist quote-unquote socialist
system by the Castro family that they
have been chosen to have they haven't
been asked what type of system they want
and they haven't elected directly their
leaders in fact when they had these
voting process a couple of months ago a
few months ago to you know set up the
yes there are local assemblies and then
the National Assembly any opposition
member that wanted to run for these for
this proposed or repressed were
incarcerated even Diaz canal said that
they had to do everything possible to
prevent these people from becoming
elected because if any of the them got
to the National Assembly that would be a
problem for them so this needs to change
so we're talking about him let's hear
from him shortly after the exchange of
power the new president president Miguel
Diaz canal addressed Cuba's National
Assembly and here's what he had to say
about the legacy of the Castro's have a
listen I assume the responsibility for
which I have been elected with the
conviction that all the Cuban
revolutionaries from whichever position
we hold from whichever work we do from
whichever job we hold in the trenches
of the socialist nation we will be
faithful to the exemplary legacy of the
commander in chief Fidel Castro group's
historic leader of our revolution and
also to the example the value and
teachings of armed force general Raul
Castro in truth so our to know what do
we know about this new president of
course he served as vice president for
about five years under Raul Castro but
what is it that the public actually
knows about him well I I would like to
address the issue of will it be cease
democratic or no democratic I think it's
clear it's not democratic in the liberal
sense that we consider here in the
United States but at the same time it is
not good to look at this in absolute
terms within this there are changes
within the system and changes that that
will take the system to a different type
of politics and I think that the skl
within the boundaries of the system has
shown shown important assets that making
a good candidate to a position that yes
that by the way was not only selected by
Raul Castro there are some procedures
there that basically put a boundary with
people that cooperate with foreign
powers and they are a streak with with
opposition that in some cases in my view
they should tolerate but it is not we
are not talking about North Korea or the
dynasty or anything like that
and within this learning is a structure
because I think that the country has in
learning this structure Diaz Carell has
been an efficient and pragmatic leader
in within the frame were resistant
he has cultivated an image of someone
close to the people he has cultivated an
image of modesty he was key in the
implementation of important reforms that
already took place in terms of open the
country to foreign investment in the two
strategic promises of be a Clara and
Hogan
he improved he was part of the effort to
improve relations with the religious
communities that are the most important
and largest groups in civil society
outside the control of the Communist
Party last but not least the
implementation of some important
policies that are changing the
relationship between the state and
society opening to a an important
private sector an expansion of the
access to Internet that Haro cárdenas
Camus can talk a little about this
because he has from direct experience on
that and unless families they opening of
their right to travel to Cubans it seems
October 2013 the Cubans who before
required an exit visa free travel
now we are traveling all over seen by
any standard there is no democracy this
is not a different nature of human
rights model and through the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights moving in
which in which Cuba has a successful
implementation of right here what you're
saying in the ed Ramona I I hear your
disagreement there I want to bring in a
community because they also want to
weigh in on this Louise says Diaz Canal
has an increasing opportunity to model
the country on his own envisioned but
he's not immune to attorney internal
politics in the party he will have to
learn to pilot the country himself with
Raul Castro maintaining an essential
veto power keeping that in mind I
wouldn't expect big changes soon Amalia
I haven't heard your voice in a minute
and I see yeah I'm shaking your head
there what do you I think of this I
think that I mean my conjecture is that
you know the yes command is is really a
figurehead you know how Oh Casa de was
still going to have you know substantial
power we remember once we there came
into power he wasn't the president of
Cuba but he was in the leader of the
common
party but he still ran the country and
so I think it's important to kind of
contextualize the fact that we know he's
going to be a figurehead and I think
there's not going to be that much change
coming from Castro presidency mmm-hmm
Harold yeah actually I don't agree a
thing just kind of least a leader on his
song and I also don't agree with the
previous statements down I feel that any
change in Cuba cannot be a result of
foreign pressure um I also I would like
to add also that there is there is some
hypocrisy in criticizing for example
Russian influence in the US and at the
same time supporting us meddling in Cuba
and that is the same to me
I believe that I believe in political
participation of everybody in Cuba like
some someone told me for me but I don't
agree that the groups that have
supported a regime change policy paid by
foreign governments should be allowed to
to do that first we have to be a
sovereign country and I would love to
have everybody join him but they have to
be national this person you have to
respond to national interests not for
Isis may I say something in regards to
that we are Cubans we don't appear to
the foreign policies of the United
States at all in fact I don't believe in
the embargo however the Cuban regime has
subjected Cuba's sovereignty to the
Russians had done that for decades and
we didn't hear many people protest that
what we're saying Cuban people need to
be empowered to vote for the leaders and
to vote for the system they want the
Cuban people in the island but you make
the argument as if as if in the u.s. we
have the same type of power as I said
the u.s. we have a democracy as if in
the u.s. we actually used a pot so I
think as Cuban Americans right it's
always interesting to see how we
challenge Cuba on policy but when it
comes to domestic policy in the u.s.
Cuban Americans are super silent when it
comes to black lives matter gun violence
human rights abuses of the United States
please I really think it's important to
conceptualize your Americanist within
your
Cuban s and understand how the US has
been a oppressive system to many of the
global South in Latin America a chance
to respond to that Ramon Roberto first
and then you'll get an R zero go ahead
Ramon is an oppressive dictatorship none
of you can say the name of at least one
candidate that in sixty years was
allowed to run for the presidency of
Cuba none of you can say the day in
which the Cuban people was consulted to
have what they call socialism of which I
believe Castro shut socialism they had
higher education sustainability
Amalia and Ramon I'm actually gonna jump
in there because the exact the ends of
the spectrum that you guys are on our
community is also on and I want to share
that just so you know you're not alone
on either side of this spectrum so on
one hand Alberto here on Twitter says
row Castro's legacy in Cuba is one of
brutal repression destruction and death
the same and as his brothers Diaz canals
impact will be whatever Raul Castro and
the Castro family dictatorship decides
it will be he is a figurehead on the
other side of that spectrum though here
is at the words of Sanchez he says as a
great challenge
Cubans born after the Revolution
understand social rights like universal
education and health care as inalienable
human rights the achievements of the
revolution going back to what you were
saying Amalia he says it is key for the
new administration to maintain such
rights while enacting needed reforms so
our daughter I promised I we get you in
here taking that in mind pushing this
conversation forward
there were reforms enacted by Raul
Castro some would say of course they did
not go far enough but do you see this
new government being able to push them
even further I think so I think so and
let me let me tell you something in
support of Professor Amalia that it is
important to look and
major the advancement and the progress
on human rights not with an American
standards or with with with with
particular standards there are
international standards of human rights
and it's clear that there are statistics
that are not even taken by the Cuban
government that show in some areas
particularly on economic cultural and
social rights in which Cuba has success
that an objective observer will
recognize at the same time I think that
if you measure Cuba or contrast Cuba
with the standards of human rights in
some areas such as civil and political
rights there are things there that need
to be improved and a significant
improvement is needed they the
administration of round Castro you might
say whatever but even the data the big
organization of human rights like
Amnesty International and Human Rights
Watch they have acknowledged that in
areas such as freedom of religion the
areas such as right to travel areas such
as the right to on private property
there has been a significant improvement
in the last 10 years okay you are doing
your utter in the results of these
recent reports that the Amnesty
International have repeatedly made that
Cuba violates every single human right
containing the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights families only because
you're talking at the same time I hear
your point but I don't know their
audience will so I want to push us
forward a little bit and give us one
concrete example that I know all of you
might have different thoughts on and
this is the economy take a look at this
headline here Cuba's next president
faces a choice between a economy and
communist and this is via the hill we
actually got a video comment from
someone in our community on that
specific point
this is yossel Alejandro padrone and
this is what he told the stream umbrella
llamo
now when I said to that the motion for
freighter but the Onita you know guess
he won't say but everyone 100 assume que
no tiene me medieval legend immediately
Daniel I have never seen historical
paragraph format buh-ba-ba-bah
like a Basquiat creating a virus Oquendo
grant April - Romeo can't read the pie
Camus impose he gave erase all of my see
this okay so Harold he says that this
new government is going to have to
resolve the economic problems the
country is and you see that happening I
wish that I could be done and I know
it's very hard but I want to add also to
what my colleague said socially Kyi is
today a much better nation than it was
before is true that economically we're
not much better but we don't really know
because the embargo actually distorts
everything we don't know how much how
much they keep an economic works or not
because the embargo influences on
everything and right now in this debate
we're stuck in in these narratives well
like with what Ramon says when he makes
a statement with cliche words and ideas
we're stuck in a narrative that is
bipolar that says that Cuba is black or
Cuba is why the cube everything is good
and everything is bad it's not that Cuba
has built things about things a my
generation only wants to have a normal
country to have a good relation with us
and to be able to change the things that
we need to change to make it better and
I think I actually think this current
can be very good in this money oh yeah
I was going to say like I think this
conversation of the economy is important
to contextualize will in sustainable
development right so in the 1990s during
a special period when the collapse of
the social Soviet Union happened you the
Cuba was really forced to push itself in
its imagination and innovation when it
came to sustainable development right
like workers co-ops agriculture urban
farming they're leading Cuba's leading
one of the most sustainable countries in
the world right so when you think about
the economy and capitalism we have to
understand that there's major
environmental gains that Cuba has been
leading having to do with the collapse
of the Soviet Union right so sometimes
the economy collapses but then when it
comes to sustainability we win right we
win as he globalised
so I think it's important to
conceptualize the environment and
climate when it comes to the economy as
well yeah I would like to add something
yeah I would like to add that for a long
time it has been presented this relation
between Cuba and the USA ideological
thing it's not ideological is for Cubans
is pretty much a fight for serenity and
that hasn't been shown like that in the
United States he has also been shown
like this is he communism and ideology
and things for I live for my generation
is not it's the struggle of a country to
make it on its own and to have a good
relation with another country that
doesn't accept it I think recognize
remembered yeah I don't started talking
at the exact same time so our tutor you
finish up your sentence and pneumonia
you go after use it you know I think
that they what what this person yourself
mentioned it is important the reality is
that many improvement in economic
welfare for the people access to
education access to health will not be
sustainable without a sustainable
economy sooner I heard what you said
there at the policy because we're
running out of time there I'm on last
word and politically and in terms of
human rights is a lot worse
unfortunately than before this
revolution and we hope that diaz canal
can do something for the Cuban people
otherwise it will be a lengthening of
the same dictatorship that he has had
for 60 years ending on a hopeful note
there I think something we can all agree
on I'll end with this street from Louise
who says the biggest political challenge
in Cuba is a generational shift in
government this government will have to
produce results for a new generation
that is asking for change rather than
relying on the defeat of the
dictatorship 60 years ago our thanks to
all of our guests and of course to our
community for joining us in this
conversation
of course it continues online with
hashtag AJ stream see you there
