it's the first Independence Day
celebrations without robert mugabe
Zimbabwe's former president in charge
the military forced him to resign in
November the new leader a mr. Managua
lights the independence flame which was
first lit 38 years ago when the Bobby
gained independence from Britain in 1980
after years of alleged government
corruption and mismanagement under
Mugabe's rule when an Gaga is under
pressure in crippling foreign currency
shortages and create jobs when an Gaga
is pushing for more direct foreign
investment to revive the economy
some people warn that will not
necessarily create jobs we need to have
you know a targeted approach towards it
because it's not just going to trickle
down once the economy starts growing it
must already be factored in to
everything that happens in the country
and of course then it's not only
government's responsibility for job
creation you've got to bring in the
private sector you've got to bring in
the workers
another challenge when undergoes
administration is organizing free fair
and credible elections later this year
the main opposition leader Nelson
charissa attended the independent
celebrations when Mugabe was in charge
opposition parties boycotted the event
in protest some political analysts say
this is a positive development consider
investing in Zimbabwe again the
president's more immediate concern is
managing people's expectations and
frustrations teachers are threatening to
strike if they pay and working
conditions don't improve civil servants
say they may do the same nurses in
public hospitals have been striking for
days when anger grows response was to
fire all the nurses who refused to
report for duty
a move that puts more people out of work
in a country with one of the highest
unemployment rates in the world Hara
Mutasa al-jazeera Harare
