the United Arab Emirates is ending a
military training program in Somalia and
closing a big Hospital there this comes
in the wake of a growing dispute between
the two countries but why are the UAE
and other regional nations interested in
Somalia this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Peter Dhabi Somalia has been in conflict
for much of the last 25 years but this
Horn of Africa nation has been showing
signs of recovering and that's provoked
interest from many regional countries
including the United Arab Emirates this
Gulf nation has been conducting a
military training program and running a
hospital in the capital Mogadishu but
the US government has now abruptly ended
its involvement on both those fronts
after a series of recent diplomatic
disagreements we'll bring in our guest
in just a moment but first let's set up
today's discussion with our
correspondent Mohamed Adel the UAE
Ronchetti site hospital in Mogadishu now
closed to the public
staff there say they received orders to
stop operations indefinitely the
facility offer treatment mainly to pull
and displace people in the Somali
capital medical workers also performed
life-saving surgery on those injured in
Mogadishu frequent car bomb attacks this
is basically a punishment for the people
of Somalia for simply defending their
sovereignty
if the UAE had opened the hospital for
humanitarian purposes they would not
have closed it residents of Mogadishu
have been reacting to the news
humanitarian aid should never be
politicized where the UAE has done a
shameful
Elkanah Somalia Somalia is a free
country
we might be weak today but we don't want
their aid that comes with strings
attached
relations between Mogadishu and Abu
Dhabi have been frosty since June last
year when Mogadishu resisted pressure
from the UAE and Saudi Arabia to cut
ties with Qatar and join the blockade
they imposed on it
in March Somalia ban used by ports world
from doing business in the country
after it annulled an agreement the
company had entered into with Ethiopians
Somaliland for the management of Berber
a port in the breakaway and clear last
week Somali intercepted a plane
chartered by UAE diplomats and
confiscated almost 10 million dollars in
cash saying it would investigate the
intended purpose of the funds
on Monday security forces in Northeast
Somalia's Puntland prevented another UAE
plane from leaving pesasso Airport after
a Marathi military trainers refused to
hand over their luggage to be searched
it really looks like a dispute that
nobody can win Somalia is a very poor
country it's you know post-conflict
reconstruction phase it needs to focus
on rebuilding and developing internally
and not to be bogged down in these kinds
of disputes and in the latest sign of a
father breakdown in relations both
countries have ended a military
cooperation program that began in 2014
in which the UAE trained equipped and
paid the salaries of hundreds of Somali
troops Mohammed o al Jazeera okay let's
take a closer look now at some of the
foreign countries involved in Somalia
well the United Arab Emirates has been
training Somali soldiers since 2014 as
part of an effort by the African Union
to defeat al-shabaab and ISIL Turkey has
been one of the biggest investors in
Somalia also drawing attention to the
humanitarian crisis there the president
Richard Piper Dhawan was the first
foreign leader in recent years to visit
the country in 2011 Arab states also
play a role in influencing and
supporting Somalia but none have as big
an impact as Qatar
a strong ally of Turkey
okay let's get going with our guests
joining us from Washington is Abdullah
keha Lackey a Horn of Africa analyst and
in Nairobi joining us on skype is
Muhammad Ali he is the Somalia country
director at a desk oh that's a the a
desk Oh organization welcome to you both
Muhammad Ali just give us a brief sense
of the backstory to these current
tensions this might happen
I think the services that are provided
by through material services are
critical services that are life-saving
and I think this is one of the biggest
problem and or decisions that the UAE
has made in terms of cutting funding for
a life-saving Hospital Abdullah heha
lucky when it comes to how they were
making a value judgment on this
relationship not just suspending a
hospital's operation but closing it down
that's 300 people a day in need of
hospitalization if they were to come
back from this they're not giving
themselves the wriggle room to come back
from this
I think up I want to sit back a little
bit and just provide a you know a
context within which all these things
are taking place over the last few years
Africa you know has been seen as the
next frontier and for a while a lot of
people are paying attention to what was
going on between the United States and
China who is giving more money or aid
money who is building more roads and
hospitals and such but quietly under the
radar you know at the second tire you
see groups like UAE Qatar Saudi Arabia
and Turkey who have been providing some
of these critical you know humanitarian
aid bead hospitals schools and all
manner of support but you know after the
you know the the tension between Saudi
Arabia UAE on one side and Qatari on the
other side these tensions started
boiling over and it's very very
important to highlight that a lot of it
for the people in the Horn of Africa is
playing out in Somalia for now although
you know after Eritrea supported you
know sited rather with the Saudis the
Qataris rima withdrew some of their you
know some of their forces from a very
critical area along the coast that it
shares with with with with Djibouti and
a trailer move very quickly once the
Qataris moved away so like to your point
though the reality is there are no free
lunches in this in the international
arena so what will happen is another
player will come in but for UAE I think
this would be fairly critical because
they are good interest along the bar in
the port of Barbara which is you know
semi autonomous state within Somalia and
the Somali government I said that is not
going to happen so it's not going just
to affect the relationship in in the in
the humanitarian arena but it will also
have repo effect
can I just get you to back up a second
when you say another player will come in
another player will come in from where
to do what and how well financed all
that new player be I mean I mean the
Horn of Africa I mean it's it's a very
critical area and let's not let's not
beat around the bush the reason as to
why you a in most parties there is to
counter the growing growing influence of
categories and and and turkey part of
the part of the deal was also trying to
fight you know the war in Yemen from
that part of the world nevermind you
know some of these African countries
contributing troops in the fight in
Yemen where Saudi Arabia and UAE on one
side so in terms of new players or all
the players that are already there you
know raising how much they will support
the two ideal candidates here are turkey
as well as Qatari that will say okay we
will give more able support the opening
of the studio understood thank you for
that clarity and that prediction we've
now been joined here on inside
story from Mogadishu by Mohammed Sierra
he's a political and security analyst
Mohammed sure a just just nail down one
thing for me it occurs to me here the
relationship started going south when
somebody turned up on a plane with nine
point six million dollars it's difficult
to get to the heart of where that money
came from and what it was going to be
used for in Mogadishu what's the sense
there as to where that cash was destined
different kind of different accounts
we've heard from the government that
there's a bit of a double speak we've
heard from the CDF the highest-ranking
Army officer just say that we were aware
of the weather money came from but also
the the villa Somalia or the federal
government of Somalia not really said
that they weren't really sure they won't
be the one informed of the money the
amount of the money and and the purpose
of the money where it was intended the
reaction here in Mogadishu is quite
mixed people are really confused on all
this we've heard very recently the the
president of Portland president gas held
a press conference to made a note to
everyone that they welcome the the
support of UAE and the part of the money
was intended for army or soldiers that
UAE funds and trainees in in Puntland
the UE problem reasonable is quite upset
in that there was a they claim some sort
of diplomatic protocol being violated
but the Somali government doesn't see
that they look a you have to also
remember this came at the time sorry
this also came at a time where there was
a tension a political tension in the
country understood let's bring in
Mohammed Ali Mohammed early on that
point of
people I guess wanting dual outcomes
here the UAE had agreed to Train
military forces in Somaliland but had
also agreed to fund this hospital what
is it about the UAE s thinking that made
them believe they could do both of those
things well thinking but my perspective
as a humanitarian practitioner the
question I'm asking myself is who is who
is most affected by this decision and I
think that is a central conversation
that we should have today because I
think politics aside and we're talking
of a significant number of people and
whose lifelines are being cut as a
result of withdrawing support and I know
alakay had failed idea there would be
another player coming in and that's
possible and I don't dispute that but in
the meantime we're talking of people who
are critical who are very sick who have
no other services but are dependent on
on the services that is provided by this
hospital so while I don't know and
exactly because there are several
accounts as to and how how you we are
where we are now and I think the
critical conversation and discussion we
should be having is and who is affected
most okay lucky can you just pick up
that point for us out of Washington I
mean arguably the people of Puntland
stand to lose the most here because the
people of Puntland wanted the UAE to
stay because they're not thinking about
hospitals they're thinking about
al-shabaab and they're thinking about
Islamic state ISIL because ISIL is kind
of maybe doing what it does it's had a
kicking in Syria and Iraq more so in
Iraq than in Syria certainly but it's
beginning to want to spread out in other
areas yeah I mean without a doubt what
my colleague said is that this is going
to you know bite very critically the
most of
vulnerable members of the community
because if this hospital is starting
close to 300 people a day most of them
people from low-income areas women and
children considering the state of the
Somali government that is a definitely
very important issue to worry about my
concern us is this level of involvement
of United Arab Emirates it's cutting
deals with pantalon it's cutting deals
with you a Jew sorry in Somaliland and
you know cutting out the Somali
government because part of the executive
is not aligned with it particularly the
president I think that was where they
miscalculated you know I mean that
amount of money coming into the country
during like my former colleague said
during a time when there is tension
between the speaker and the executive
wasn't an ideal way of going about it
you know and so for the UAE now I think
they'll also have to be able to be aware
that there are ways to go about this but
critically also for the Somali elite
it's about time that you know yes
supports are always contingent aid are
always contingent on certain on certain
realities but it's about time the Somali
government start providing some of these
services supports are always welcome I
know a country can stand on its all let
alone a country that is in a very
fragile you know post recovery situation
on and off but I think the critical
point is for the Somali government
politically to make a calculation they
would either go with UAE and say that
these services will be rendered and what
are the trade-offs or they say look we
have to look for a different partner or
they need to step up because ultimately
the main function of government used to
provide services and if the Somali
government and the political elite
particularly this administration God
that came you know into power against
the background a tremendous amount of
goodwill inside and outside Somali once
this not getting entangled in some of
these internal bickering
you know involving you know some of the
players outside it won't reflect well on
their legitimacy as well
okay Mohammed Syrian Mogadishu would you
agree with that analysis that analysis
that says you've got people in Somalia
the voters who yeah a lot of goodwill
based on who their political masters are
but also a certain confusion
a certain resentment does it come down
to this does it mean that the political
elite in Somalia in effect now have to
choose sides not necessarily no
absolutely they we need a bit of clarity
in Timmons where they be the the the
foreign policy of this country is gonna
go but I don't actually share the the
point of view that kind of argue is that
you've got to side with one or the other
I mean Somalia could stay in neutral I
know it's very very difficult at the
current kind of situation where they
need a support but but I think they what
Somali government to now requires more
than anything else is to be neutral as
they say they're neutral the UAE are
really seeing a bit of shift a bit of
alignment if you like it whether it is
true or not with the Turks and the
calories so the government need to play
a kind of a neutrality and stick to that
it's going to be really difficult if
it's take sides if it takes sizes and
now it's alleged with the text and the
calories then the cell would easy you
have to remember here there is a bigger
player that's not coming to the phone
with this Saudi Arabia which has a huge
interest in this country but also can I
pick up on the point that the other
gentleman said with regards to the who
is affected most we all talk about
politics we're all about security but
the the factor remains the the the poor
people now in Mogadishu hospitals that's
been closed or suspended seventy percent
they paired the punt the the the the
most difficulties here and equally
important is the issue that's been touch
upon which is in Puntland area they have
in an issue a huge threat security
threat from I - and the rest so if the
support that the government could get
from UAE is it's not taken
and there's a bit of this issue isn't
resolved then you have all these
problems impacting a on the security
side and B on the service delivery side
I'm on the social service delivery site
of the Somalis okay Muhammad Ali in
Nairobi so clearly up to now the United
Arab Emirates wanted to tickle the cat
and play with the kittens but what was
the endpoint that they wanted to get to
exerting influence is a means to an end
so what was the end I think the
intention is to heat the Somali
government where it hurts much so that
in my view that they will is try to bend
and and renourish it and change some of
their stunts but I I think this should
work for the Somali government and
people who work in Somalia and nobody I
think it should be a lesson to to think
about in building local institutions
that can support and critical
life-saving activities what are the or
and security and other related important
functions that the Somali government and
the community needs so I think and when
it is it is affecting area and it is a
blood to close the hospital and and and
sort of increased vulnerability in terms
of security in Goodland but I think and
it will be unfortunate if the Somali
government does not try to you know
learn lessons from this and maybe
rethink and the rules of engagement
moving forward Abdullahi lucky in
Washington when they were building the
hospital there was an undertow
assumption and surely it was this turkey
was competing with the UAE for influence
and delivering on that influence and on
the other side of the equal sign was
this assumption that said it'll be the
people of Somalia who win
fast forward two years to today and it
seems to me that no one's winning now
and that is the problem right I mean
some of these some of these planning
that you do some of these strategic
thinking that needs to go into some of
these things are fairly contingent on
the you know prevailing contemporary
reality the contemporary reality right
now is you know there are so many people
were angling for influence and
unfortunately like a lot like my
colleagues said when the two bulls fight
it's it's the grass that will suffer the
grass here are they you know they did
von Raab all the poor people or the
Somalia and that is why I said as long
as they leave I mean I I agree with my
colleague who said you know we can play
neutral but you cannot really play
neutral in a fairly antagonistic
situation like this because the the
presidency particularly when they you
know catari
and in Saudi UAE crisis was most
bubbling he took a fairly you know
pragmatic principled position say look
we are not taking sides
he even you know say they are willing to
mediate but the reality is right now
where things are the government can play
the neutral card which is the most
sensible card that they have right now
considering the position that they are V
severe the reality but would that would
that retain because I must add you know
it's not just you know Qatari Somalia
and UAE you you if you expand the you
know the horizon you have a GOP on one
side which you a heart was switch by
giving them you know some percentage in
the port of Barbara you know it's not
just that you're looking at Eritrea that
its European is always very weary of you
looking at Egypt that is very worried
about the Renaissance dam that is built
but by Ethiopia so all of a sudden
you're looking at a fairly you know
multiple levels of engagement that you
that did not the Somali government needs
to think if it really has any realistic
chance of coming out of this unscathed
but but the critical point is like I
said before that goodwill that this
government had my beginning to get
eroded when they I wonder
worked in internal political dynamics
within the government okay when they are
pulled in different directions
understood my haven't Cherie the last
couple of minutes to you please if if we
can are we saying therefore that the
country that will move into this space
left vacant by the UAE apparently
walking away apparently that the most
stabilizing influence might be Turkey
it's very close to Qatar as we know at
the moment but can turkey rely on that
friendship with Qatar
if the GCC crisis clicks into another
direction and Qatar starts forming
better relationships say within the next
six to twelve months with the Saudis
well I think Texas believes very plays
very important role in Somalia and and
it had done a huge kind of PR public
relations within within country within
the country you see it's soft power but
but remember Turkey is also aligned with
with with Qatar so if you look at the
the wider geopolitics that's happening
it's going to really really really be
difficult I think what one thing one
needs to to remember is that Somalia and
in particular the current government is
been very very unfortunate in in the
sense that it came to a time where there
is a huge geopolitical game happening
within the Horn of Africa the the the
sub Eritrea kind of relation with wisdom
arts and and and the current babara
that's been mentioned all these is very
very dangerous what I mean in final
words what what what I could only say is
that the government now needs to stick
to this neutrality but prove it
action louder than words just stick to
the neutrality and engage we heard the
when president formaggio went to so
there's been discussions with the Saudis
and and continue that dialogue with the
Saudis and see if you can if you can
keep the neutrality and get a support
from from so there you be in that sense
okay we will have to
there gentlemen thank you very much
quick thank you to all I guess Muhammad
Shari Abdullah hey lucky and Muhammad
Ali and thank you to you two for your
time over the past half hour you can see
the program again anytime via the
website aljazeera.com and for more
discussion check out our Facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story you can also talk to us on Twitter
at AJ inside story or tweet me or tweet
you back I'm at Peter Dhabi one from me
Peter Dhabi and everyone on the team
here in Doha thanks for watching we'll
see you very soon
you
