the US president's nominee for Secretary
of State has made a secret visit to
North Korea comes as the groundwork has
been laid for possible summit between
Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim
jong-un it is the highest level u.s.
visit in almost two decades in the last
half an hour Donald Trump confirmed the
visit had taken place he treated Mike
Pompeo met with Kim jong-un in North
Korea last week last week the meeting
went very smoothly and a good
relationship was formed details of the
summit are being worked out now Deen
nuclearization will be a great thing for
the world but also for North Korea the
situation in the Korean Peninsula was
one of the topics that president Trump
discussed with Japanese Prime Minister
Shinzo ABI when they met in Florida
that's when Trump confirmed Washington
and Pyongyang are engaged in high-level
talks we have had direct talks at very
high levels extremely high levels with
North Korea and I really believe there's
a lot of goodwill a lot of good things
are happening we'll see what happens as
I always say we'll see what happens
because ultimately it's the end result
that counts not the fact that we're
thinking about having a meeting or
having a big al jazeera's diplomatic
editor James BAE's is in North Korea and
has more from the capital North Korean
officials are not commenting on all
confirming the visit of Mike Pompeo to
this city all of the information at this
stage is coming from the US side but
this is the highest level visit for a
serving US official since Secretary of
State Madeleine Albright came to
Pyongyang in the year 2000 the US
doesn't have diplomatic relations with
North Korea there is no embassy here
members of the diplomatic community have
told me though they are aware that there
is a channel of communication of
negotiation ongoing between the u.s. and
North Korea between the CIA and North
Korean intelligence service they clearly
are looking at the possibility of a
meeting between the supreme leader kim
jong-un and president trump the possible
things that could be this
just possible things that could happen
at the end of that meeting for example
three American citizens who are held in
jail here in North Korea the Americans
want them to be released they'll also
have been talking about the possible
venues for a meeting could it be in
Europe could it be here in Pyongyang
could it be down in the demilitarized
zone between North and South Korea there
are other places to be mentioned
Mongolia for example
