the UAE Ronchetti site hospital in
Mogadishu now close to the public
staff there say they received orders to
stop operations indefinitely the
facility offered treatment mainly to
poor and displaced people in the Somali
capital medical workers also performed
life-saving surgery on those injured in
Mauritius frequent car bomb attacks this
is basically a punishment for the people
of Somalia for simply defending their
sovereignty
if the UAE had opened the hospital for
humanitarian purposes they would not
have closed it residents of Mogadishu
have been reacting to the news
humanitarian aid should never be
politicized where the UAE has done a
shameful amalia Somalia is a free
country
we might be weak today but we don't want
their aid that comes with strings
attached
relations between Mogadishu and Abu
Dhabi have been frosty since June last
year when Mogadishu resisted pressure
from the UAE and Saudi Arabia to cut
ties with Qatar and during the blockade
they imposed on it in March Somalia
banned used by ports world from doing
business in the country after it
annulled an agreement the company had
entered into with Ethiopians so Maryland
for the management of Berbera port in
the breakaway and clear last week
Somalia intercepted a plane chartered by
UAE diplomats and confiscated almost 10
million dollars in cash
saying it would investigate the intended
purpose of the funds on Monday security
forces in Northeast Somalia's Puntland
prevented another UAE plane from leaving
pesasso Airport after a Marathi military
trainers refused to hand over their
luggage to be searched it really looks
like a dispute that nobody can win
Somalia is a very young a poor country
you know post-conflict reconstruction
phase it needs to focus on rebuilding
and developing internally not to be
bogged down in these kinds of disputes
and in the latest sign of a father
breakdown in relations both countries
have ended a military cooperation
program that began in 2014 in which the
UAE trained equipped and paid the
salaries of hundreds of Somali troops
Mohammed o al Jazeera
