this isn't quite the welcoming greeting
a new prime minister would be hoping for
tens of thousands took to the streets on
Tuesday for the fifth consecutive day
braving a heavy police presence to show
their fury over search soccer sans
appointment Armenian police made dozens
of arrests using water cannons and stun
guns to keep the protesters far away
from disrupting the election within
Parliament anger not shared by lawmakers
in the assembly with an overwhelming
majority of 77 to 17 votes the former
president became the new prime minister
tons of a little pool the stage of
forming the government starts now it
will not last long a change in role but
not in power the oversaw a constitution
shift to a new parliamentary system in
increasing the power of the prime
minister role whilst diminishing the
power of the president changes due to
come into effect when his term expired
last week that fate had been denounced
by European observers who alleged vote
rigging two years on our meanings are
reacting to those changes coming into
effect after two presidential terms
surged Sarkissian wants to become prime
minister and all that despite the fact
that as 10 years of presidency of course
great harm to society poverty migration
14% of the population of left the
country protests have always clouded his
time in power 10 people died in clashes
when he was first elected 10 years ago
when supporters a defeated candidate
reacted 10 years on his position seems
even stronger with a lack of opposition
the focus seems to be on sarkeesian but
let's assume sarkeesian lives changes
his mind the Parliament is dominated by
his party and collaborators of his party
Serge Sargsyan
was a military officer who served in the
Soviet Army in the 1970s despite Armenia
voting for independence from the Soviet
Union in 1991 his links with Moscow
remained strong the
issue is how is Russia going to react to
these developments because Armenia is
its main strategic partner in the South
Caucasus analysts are dubbing his move
as doing a Putin opponents looked no
closer to being appeased Hannah hawkster
al-jazeera
