barring the unthinkable 86 year old
President Raul Castro would be handing
over power for the first time in six
decades to a Cuban who doesn't carry his
last name and who was born after the
1959 revolution that he helped bring to
power four generations of Cubans live in
this Havana apartment grandmother Elsa
daughter leiana granddaughter Annabelle
and her two children only 85 year old
Elsa remembers a time when Cuba was not
ruled by Fidel or Raul Castro when the
Revolution triumphs everyone was happy
because there were high expectations but
like the beautiful decaying city of
Havana the expectations began to crumble
Cubans had free education and health
care but they became isolated
politically economically and
technologically under a one-party
communist system 26 year old Annabel
plans to join millions of other Cubans
who've emigrated young people are hungry
for something else to have access to
things we don't have to be paid a decent
wage
some say Raul Castro a pragmatist came
to power too late after ill health
forced his elder brother Fidel to resign
Fidel Castro is still glorified here as
the supreme leader of the Cuban
Revolution but it is growl Castro who
will be remembered for introducing
the most long-awaited reforms to the
communist system in the decade that he
has been at the helm
none of these reforms though include
easing even slightly the one-party
states absolute grip on political power
and while Castro's attempts to improve
Cuba's socialist economic model have
fallen far short of their mark his main
objective now is to ensure political
continuity with the Communist Party
dictating policy guidelines that's the
way he likes it that's that's the Soviet
style he was he has known to have been a
fan of Soviet style political
decision-making process and so not
surprisingly on the eve of what will be
the end of an era on the streets of
Cuba's capital there's a sense that
little is about to change you see a
human al Jazeera Havana
