January 13th started out like any other
Saturday in Hawaii so I teach spin
classes and I was teaching an
early-morning like a 6:45 it was a
beautiful morning
like the Sun was just starting to come
up I think I had texted my husband just
to see like where they were at if they
were awake yet but fears of a
catastrophic war set off by to
unconventional world leaders launched a
series of unexpected events I was coming
in for my shift 8 8 8 o'clock in the
morning went into the office for the
past down from the midnight shift to the
day shift I heard the call over the
secure line one of my two co-workers
picked up the line and I didn't hear the
message because they did they went
against procedures and picked up the
receiver instead of putting on a steep
speakerphone I missed the first part of
the message and I heard this is not a
drill it was like a moment where things
are moving really quickly and really
slowly all at the same time I was
convinced that it was real real
situation that I was 100% sure so I sent
out the wireless emergency alert we were
sitting in the front room there having
coffee and the alert came in and I kind
of looked at it and I said it says not a
drill I was like this must be a drill
about ten minutes after the alert there
was a siren here on the base and an
announcement that it wasn't a drill and
to take cover so then I'm like we should
pack up and just move to another person
on the island
I was calling my husband and as soon as
I heard his voice I kind of broke down
then it was like oh my god I'm not with
him my boys are alone I don't think we
talked for maybe more than 15 seconds
and I said you have to get them out of
there
get them somewhere safe and call me back
I thought I've been told it would be
difficult to hit an island and now it's
happening and I don't have my kids sorry
kidding it was a scary time everybody
assumed it was from North Korea it's
credible right because the capabilities
of North Korea have advanced very
rapidly yours when my husband did call
me and let me know that the kids were
safe he ended up finding a culvert in
the middle of the field and they went
under the ditch and then he called me he
said you have 10 minutes to get here so
the assumption was I needed to get in
the car and drive to him and I was
really hesitant what if what if I'm
stuck in traffic what if it happens
before we think it's gonna happen would
we survive it at all this is not a drill
you know if we did get hit with it it's
a nuclear missile and I think I finally
called him back and said I don't think I
should go which was heart-wrenching but
I couldn't see that I just couldn't see
myself getting there in time when you
talk to your husband the second time
said you shouldn't go did you talk to
your kids yeah that hard I didn't yeah
it was hard yeah I didn't know if the
other so was happening so I didn't want
to scare them how long before you
realized it wasn't
immediately afterwards the IT people had
to come in to create a way to cancel the
alert and that took 39 minutes with that
knowledge that it wasn't actually
happening it was just this release
you know just oh yeah I was so thankful
when it turned out that there was no
North Korean nuclear missile heading
toward Hawaii beer gave way to outrage
the state's procedures came under
scrutiny and the governor was criticized
for being slow to tell the public it was
a false alarm as we were getting death
threats to the agency it's very
stressful for me you bought wines has
agreed to protect identity of the former
employee who mistakenly triggered the
alert because he says he fears for her
safety what's been the response directed
toward you by the administrator and I
were fired terminated and I feel that
was made a scapegoat Americans at large
I think were quick to blame the person
who pressed the button or the governor
that didn't remember his Twitter
password and I think those people did
not deserve the blame they didn't
deserve all of the blame who deserves
the blame I mean I think we're in this
position because of a very aggressive
administration and maybe an unprepared
administration Hawaii's false alert
raised the stakes for Americans at
appointment u.s. fears of nuclear war
with North Korea were at an all-time
high
but in March President Trump made a
decision that virtually no one saw
coming outside the White House a South
Korean official relayed the news to the
world
president Trump appreciated the briefing
and said he would meet Kim Jong I may to
achieve permanent Hindu polarization
Trump's high-stakes meeting with the
North Korean leader may go down in
history as one of the most consequential
choices of his presidency
three months earlier faultlines had set
out to decipher the Trump
administration's North Korea strategy
and each time we thought we got it it
was an unexpected twist for years North
Korea state-sponsored media have
broadcast propaganda glorifying their
weapons and threatening war with the
United States in this video from 2016
the nuclear missile strikes the US
Capitol by mid 2017 North Korean leader
Kim jong-un was drawing close to being
able to match these nuclear fantasies
jump-off was a senior analyst for the
CIA she spent nine years piecing
together intelligence about the North
Korean regime before leaving the agency
last summer Kim jong-un since he came to
power did more for the nuclear missiles
and ballistic program than then his
father and grandfather combined of
course he inherited an advanced program
so he had a lot to work with but given
his commitment to pegging his legitimacy
on the nuclear weapons program and his
determination to advance it as quickly
as possible
that probably sped up the time and
unlike previous US presidents Trump
answered kill with his own style of
provocation best not make any more
threats to the United States they will
be met with fire and fury like the world
has never seen
US intelligence agencies estimate North
Korea already has 20 to 60 nuclear
weapons in September North Korea
celebrated the test of what they claimed
was a hydrogen bomb it was her sixth and
most powerful nuclear test so far and
the war of words escalated the United
States has great strength and patience
but if it is forced to defend itself or
its allies we will have no choice but to
totally destroy North Korea Rocketman
he's on a suicide mission for himself
and for his regime even doctor in which
van Europe and Asia and Russia Lord
Osric Ishida
then in November North Korea launched an
intercontinental ballistic missile that
claimed could strike the mainland United
States they've had nuclear weapons for a
while since 2006 but last year in 2017
when they tested the intercontinental
ballistic missiles that's when the
threat perception of the u.s. went up
dramatically right because South Korea
and Japan have been within missile range
for a long time estimates varied but
North Korea seemed to be within months
of being able to deliver a nuclear
weapon on an ICBM and Kim was close to
achieving his goal
headbands wa naze Hamas insects only a
handsome good evangelical vov onion
density would borrow but I had them
Trump answered with the tweet boasting
about the size of his own nuclear button
President Obama told then president like
Trump that this would be an issue that
would occupy much of his administration
because it was a challenge told him that
in fact we needed to work on deterring
North Korea on reassuring our allies but
they took that in a very different
direction
among the Washington insiders who
struggled to grasp Trump's policy as
John Wolfe stop I've been working on
North Korea policy for almost 30 years I
can't tell you what the US policy is
towards North Korea he was special
assistant to President Obama and Senior
Director for arms control and
non-proliferation at the National
Security Council past administrations
don't always get it right and Lord knows
the Obama administration made mistakes
but we really worked hard to try to
coordinate our message here it seems
this administration even a year in has
trouble coordinating the most basic
strategy for communications are we open
to dialogue or not are we prepared to
negotiate or not are the preconditions
for our discussions with North Korea or
not we've said from the diplomatic side
we're ready to talk anytime North Korea
would like to talk and we're ready to
have the first meeting without
precondition let's just meet we're
willing to sit down and have
conversations with them but now is not
the right time our policy has not
changed we've heard not only conflicting
signals from the administration we've
heard conflicting statements from the
same official on the same day if there
was any condition at all to this is that
look it's going to be tough to talk
if in the middle of our talks you decide
to test another device maximum pressure
and engagement is the phrase the Trump
administration uses to describe its
North Korea policy but a range of
experts we spoke to agreed it was hard
to square their messaging with any given
policy at all
Bruce cleaner was the CIA's deputy
division chief for Korea and as a senior
research fellow at a prominent
conservative think-tank those of us who
follow Korean issues in Washington are
often confused as to what the Trump
administration's policy is particular in
preventive attack as well as any
preconditions or conditions for
diplomatic engagement or negotiations
with the north at the State Department
Joel wit was in charge of implementing
the 1994 agreement that slowed the
progress of North Korea's weapons
program before it fell apart I have no
idea what they're trying to signal
because they're not sending you know a
single message they're sending multiple
messages
Susan DiMaggio directs a policy dialogue
with North Korean government
representatives and has met with them at
least 10 times in the past two years
what are the North Koreans say to you
when these kind of weird messages come
out from the US they make it very clear
that of course they're following
everything that's happening in
Washington they
watch cable news they read the
president's tweets and frankly there is
confused as any of we are for 15 years
Frank jannuzi served as the policy
director for East Asian affairs at the
US Senate Foreign Relations Committee
the Trump administration isn't just
confusing Pyongyang they're confusing
our allies to the South Koreans are
confused and uncertain about where the
hell the United States is headed almost
70 years ago the United States waged a
merciless air campaign against North
Korea back in the South in the Korean
War to this day the two sides have never
signed a peace treaty only an armistice
Washington doesn't maintain formal
diplomatic relations with Pyongyang and
no sitting US president has ever met
with a North Korean leader face to face
there's no official military
communication the chairman of the Joint
Chiefs in the United States can pick up
the phone and talk to his counterpart in
every other country on the planet that
has nuclear weapons except for North
Korea the one were most likely to go to
war with so we don't have that steady
personal relationship and communication
chain and so we've tended to err on the
side of caution and Reserve in the
United States which is why I think many
people were worried that President Trump
statements over the last year could lead
to either an unintended conflict or an
escalation on the part of the North
Koreans there are unofficial channels to
help bridge the communication gap one is
North Korea's mission to the United
Nations in New York another is known as
tract 1.5 meetings between North Korean
officials and policy experts like
DiMaggio who are unaffiliated with the
US government what does it seem like
they really want the Trump
administration to know so they see the
United States as an enemy they make very
clear that we are still in a state of
war and they also point to other
examples of countries that have given up
their nuclear programs and look what
happened to them the case of Muammar
Qaddafi comes up quite a bit they want
the Trump administration to know that
they have built this program put the
resources into it because they want to
deter an attack from the United States
others see a more aggressive intent they
maintain North Korea has built this
nuclear weapons program to force the
reunification of the Korean Peninsula I
don't think that the North Koreans want
the peaceful coexistence with the u.s. I
do believe that the North Koreans want
the us off the peninsula since 2016 the
US has intensified attempts to isolate
North Korea and force the regime to
abandon its nuclear weapons program the
Trump administration is pursuing these
efforts through their maximum pressure
campaign they've tightened sanctions and
impose financial restrictions to cut off
Kim's regime not just from the materials
needed to build nuclear weapons but from
most sources of revenue and they pressed
other countries to do the same
often working through the United Nations
North Korea's following what they call
the binge inline right as a dual-track
line nuclear weapons on the one hand
economic development on the other and
the international community is basically
trying to convince North Korea you can't
have both you can't have guns and butter
kim's dual goals may be increasing the
domestic cost of international isolation
making the regime more vulnerable to
sanctions Kim jong-un has focused a lot
on these projects like water parks
dolphinariums ski resorts which is so
incongruent with what we know of North
Korea where you know we have 24 million
plus people who are living in poverty
who are food insecure and we have these
upper-class high class modern upscale
types of places so that's the image that
Kim jong-un wants to project but it's
also his weakness I think because
maximum pressure and sanctions are
occurring at a time when expectations
are higher than before so we have a
posture of maximum pressure and the
promise of engagement at some
ill-defined future date but what we
don't see really is a strategy
designed to get those talks started we
don't see any evidence that the
administration has thought through what
they would be prepared to give to the
north to accomplish denuclearization it
says if they expect a surrender as 2018
rolled around president Trump and some
of his top advisors seem to be preparing
for action more ominous than sanctions
and making the case for war past
experience has taught us that
complacency and concessions only invite
aggression and provocation I will not
repeat the mistakes of past
administrations that got us into this
very dangerous position with all options
on the table the White House was
reported to be waive preventive strikes
David Adams is a retired US Navy captain
and once commanded nuclear submarines in
the western Pacific he's among the
observers who argued that a limited
strike on North Korea would send a
warning that Kim jong-un can't ignore
I'm not talking about trying to roll
back the role capability I'm talking
about letting him know that firing
another missile toward Guam the United
States or Japan is not going to be
accepted and not letting him do that and
gauging his reaction to that it's an
outlier position that's gained currency
and Trump air debates about how to deter
North Korea
so using measured military response such
as a cruise missile strike on his
missile sites
I would tell us if he struck south as
people fear and started a wider war well
we're better to have that war now north
Korea has thousands perhaps 10,000
artillery tubes within range of Seoul by
even the most conservative estimates
within a day hundreds of thousands of
people would die just from conventional
artillery fire isn't that an enormous
risk to take there is some calculated
risk but how does that risk compared to
the ability that once he has ICBM
capable nuclear weapons of destroying us
as we talked about here in Hawaii or Los
Angeles instead of several hundred
thousand people which he holds at risk
now it'd be millions of people but to
most long-standing observers the
prospect of military strikes was cause
for alarm total madness
a first-strike of nuclear weapons by the
United States against North Korea would
be an unnecessary horrific crime against
humanity a limited strike would
accomplish nothing and would risk
escalation to nuclear war so we have no
good military options if there's a
bloody nose attempt that escalates into
a war everyone says well yeah we'll win
yeah sure we'll win but there'll be
millions of people dead they'll probably
be the use of nuclear weapons by North
Korea and maybe by us too and the
economic disaster will be global it
won't just be South Korea it'll be Japan
and South Korea and so you're talking
about probably sending the world into a
depression after months of threats Seoul
was worried that Trump would launch an
attack on North Korea provoking
retaliation against the south president
moon was quick to accept when Kim
jong-un offered that the north
participate in the Winter Olympics in
Pyeongchang and welcomed Kim's sister to
the games as Olympic season came to an
end
moons in a high-level delegation to
Pyongyang to prepare for talks between
the two leaders the first since Kim
jong-un took power
Kim surprised the South Koreans by
hosting dinner himself satisfied the
delegation returned home only to appear
at the White House a few days later with
a shocking announcement in our meeting
North Korean leader Kim jong-un said he
is committed to denuclearization kim
pledged that north korea will refrain
from any photo nuclear or missile tests
and he expressed his eagerness to meet
President Trump as soon as possible
president Trump appreciated those
briefing and said he would meet Kim
jong-eun by May to achieve prominent
Hindu polarization kim jong un's
invitation was unexpected but it was
trump's move that really took everyone
off guard a lot of people going to war
and all of a sudden they come in they
say we're gonna have a meeting and
there's no more missiles going off and
they wanted e nuclear arise Trump had
consulted no one and he didn't alert his
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson who
would advocate for diplomacy with North
Korea I may leave fast or we may sit
down and make the greatest deal for the
world and for all of these countries
including frankly North Korea
within days Trump buyer Tillerson and
replaced him with Mike Pompeo a
hardliner whose champion regime change
in North Korea I was surprised about the
announcement that it could happen so
quickly
what nag to me was that it seemed so
unlikely for Kim jong-un to say all
those things that the South Korean envoy
said that he said the idea of a Trump
Kim meeting never really crossed my mind
so I was surprised but on the other hand
I'm not surprised he accepted it quickly
because it's a very dramatic event it's
like a reality TV show when it came
around nobody thought that this was
gonna be the forum the diplomacy was
gonna take we thought you might have the
Special Representative go and meet maybe
the Secretary of State would go and meet
you generally don't see the president
putting himself out there on the line
and the reputation of the United States
on the line so quickly and easily but
this is Donald Trump's style he doesn't
trust his Secretary of State he just
fired him he doesn't trust the
bureaucracy he thinks he's the only
person that matters that's a quote from
him and so he thinks he just pulled us
off does Trump deserve some credit here
I think he deserves credit in this sense
that he is trying something different
from what previous administrations have
done
what does Trump need to do to prepare
for this well he probably needs to do a
lot of things that who
doesn't normally do which is he needs to
really study he needs to know the issues
he needs to understand what US interests
are he probably should talk to people
who have actually talked to North
Koreans the summit announcement raised a
long list of questions where were the
two leaders meet would they get along
yes and above all what would be the
outcome what's the best-case scenario
well the the best case is all the
experts have it wrong that North Korea
is actually much more malleable because
of the the threats and/or the economic
pressure that Kim jong-un comes to the
table basically saying you know you got
me I'm here to negotiate a way I would
like something in return but I'm in a
much weaker negotiating position than
before but no one thinks that's actually
going to happen at stake is what Kim
means when he says he's willing to
discuss denuclearization and what he'll
expect in return when he talks about
denuclearization it's very different
from our definition of denuclearization
the North Koreans and the past have
talked about denuclearization as
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
or when the US security threat is
removed from the peninsula those are
non-starters for Washington removing the
u.s. security threat could mean a whole
range of things including ending the US
nuclear alliance with South Korea which
Trump may simply refuse where I think
this is likely to end up if we do have a
summit and this could go off the rails
at any time is that we will meet Kim
jong-un will say look we offered to
denuclearize all that the United States
had to do was stop threatening us they
refused and now we are going back to
supporting our own national security our
own national defense and advancing our
nuclear program and blame it on Trump on
the other hand Trump and Kim could use
this high-profile summit to launch a
negotiation process the main thing is to
continue talking on the main objectives
of both sides denuclearization for us
for them it's ending the u.s. is hostile
policy towards North Korea then there's
the possibility that Trump given us
America first agenda and as tendency to
trust his gut over experts and advisors
might make a deal that leaves us allies
in the lurch I mean one fear is that
President Trump will agree to withdraw
American troops from the Korean
Peninsula well that's not something that
should be recommended he shouldn't be
doing that
but who knows what he's gonna do and
that's the problem
tipping the odds back toward war his
Trump's new national security advisor
John Bolton a longtime advocate of
regime change in North Korea he's made
the case for preventive war and as a
paid pundit on the president's favorite
TV channel Bolton held the summit as a
shortcut to military action if you look
at it as a way to for shorten the amount
of time that we're going to waste in
negotiations that will never produce the
result we want which is Kim giving up
his nuclear program I think that's a
good thing in this most dangerous
scenario president trumps expecting
capitulation could lash out when Kim
refuses to give up his nuclear weapons
on the spot perhaps a worse case is the
administration goes in with a very
maximalist position I want everything
I'm giving nothing handed over they dig
in their heels and we can only have
confrontation President Trump says well
I've done diplomacy
everybody said diplomacy with North
Korea doesn't work so now we're back to
locked and loaded and fire and fury so
has this turn of its giving you a
clearer understanding of the Trump
administration's policy it really hasn't
and I say that because there's a
negotiation that's about to begin and I
don't know what our negotiating position
is I don't know what our bottom lines
are if the leaders of the United States
in North Korea do meet in the weeks
ahead it seems likely that the outcome
will be driven by personality not policy
the stakes for millions of people within
range of both countries nuclear weapons
are as high as they can be President
Trump may enjoy the high-risk gamble the
ratings and the next surprise reveal
but he'd do well to remember that this
is not a drill I think I just want to
know that the actions of the
administration are not going to
antagonize North Korea to the point
where we're put in that position for
real this time I think that's all
however that has to happen that's what I
would want
you
