as well Brittany Kaiser was asked to
testify as a woman who had worked on the
political campaigns of both Barack Obama
and Donald Trump in the United States
working for Cambridge analytical on the
Trump campaign she made it clear her
role was to target small groups of
people harvest their personal
information and attempt to change their
political opinions our practice she did
without compunction then but had now
decided was disgraceful the elite have
spent too many years using technology to
take advantage of people's openness and
goodwill and I won't stand by any longer
to observe this privileged abuse of
power intentionally or unintentionally I
want to help shed light in these dark
places and to help people be more
responsible in their actions cambridge
analytical then moved in on the leave
dots EU campaign during the brexit
referendum the company she said told
Aaron banks the millionaire backer of
leave that they could do for the brexit
camp what they had done for Donald Trump
in the end she said the leave campaign
hadn't taken their services but in a
major allegation she claimed that mr.
banks had taken their idea and had
harvested lists of his own commercial
customers and targeted them for
political messaging a practice illegal
in Britain mr. banks denies the claim
when I did visit the Elgin insurance and
leave EU headquarters which was the same
building with the same staff that when a
senior data scientists and myself spent
time with their phone bank I was told by
the people using the phone bank that the
individuals that they were calling were
out of the insurance database like a
former colleague Christopher Wiley she
painted a picture of Cambridge analytic
as an organization which was amoral and
which was happy to destabilize any
political campaign on behalf of any
wealthy backers it all adds to a body of
evidence being gathered by the UK
government which is increasingly worried
about how the use of data is potentially
undermining basic democratic principles
Lawrence Lee al-jazeera London
