an act of defiance by Catalan
pro-independence activists disabling a
highway toll just outside Barcelona
allowing motorists to pass free of
charge and welcoming them to the Catalan
Republic a protest in action but it
ended up with one of the leaders being
arrested on suspicion of terrorism she
was later released others were charged
with public disorder this is the new
normal in Catalan grassroots politics
more than half a year has passed since
the band referendum in Catalonia and
there has been no breakthrough in the
crisis the reaction of the Spanish state
has done little to dampen any feelings
but there is a fear that the government
will do whatever it takes to prevent
secession from that a movement has
evolved the committees for the defence
of the Republic we're not afraid anymore
and the Spanish government will do more
against us so that we will be afraid
what they've done to us so far is
nothing we appear afraid then censorship
is winning and we can't allow that but
it has come at a price that the answer
of the state is out of proportion
so if you prosecuting as a terrorist
people which only crime has been
complaining making demonstrations in the
streets and you're accusing of terrorism
just because it's a threat against the
integrity of this of the country that's
somehow it's a it's a problem for the
state the defense committees were set up
in some 60 towns across Catalonia and
initially it was to protect the voting
centers where the band referendum was
held well since then they moved on what
they want to do now is to bring about a
new Catalan Republic the Spanish
government's reaction has been to double
down on the pro secessionist movement
the former catalan president catalyst
boos de menthe is in germany where a
court ruled out extraditing him to spain
on charges of rebellion but he is still
a wanted man
there is an impasse and the committees
are keeping the momentum going for now
they refuse to give in to what they say
is intimidation by Madrid but the
possibility of local elections in July
may just bring those matters to a head
the desire to have a Catalan Republic
may be strong but the practicality of
creating it is still a dream that is out
of reach so nigga ya go al Jazeera
Barcelona
