homes made of plastic sheets don't help
much in the rain it's all people have in
this camp for displaced people in the
town of Hoonah in the Democratic
Republic of Congo they were attacked by
militia who cut and killed people with
machetes and burned houses the
government says the situation now under
control we joined the provincial
governor on a visit to the conflict area
it's remote the belly road we found
small towns full of people who fled the
countryside
I came to hear what the governor had to
say the governor's saying there must be
peace he's encouraging people to go home
and saying the government will do all it
can to provide security
the people here are skeptical about his
message in each time we visit more
displaced people who say it's not safe
to go home the attackers are all from
the lender ethnic group the victims are
ethnic hammers and some lenders to two
groups have been rivals in the past but
most people here say there's no ethnic
conflict right now mandro seep risk is a
hammer with many Len do friends they're
telling us the government is responsible
for what's going on that this is the war
of the government they're saying this to
us
every day many people here have told us
they share the same suspicions of the
government's role but the UN doesn't it
has the world's second-largest
peacekeeping force here we met the
missions chief visiting one of the camps
people are insisting that it's an ethnic
plain conflict but nobody know who is
behind
I did not heard at all that the
government is behind I did not heard
that the government in Kinshasa denies
involvement as did the provincial
governor I want to assure everyone that
the government has done nothing even the
provincial government has done nothing
we don't have any interest in
destabilizing our own territory or
killing our own population whoever's
behind the violence convincing the
population to return won't be easy most
homes remain deserted behind them the
fresh graves of those killed some hacked
to death
others burned in their home it'll take a
lot to convince people it's safe here
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera Hillery province
in the Democratic Republic of Congo
