attorneys for Michael Cohen and
President Trump asked the judge not to
give investigators documents seized by
the FBI until they could review them and
citing attorney-client privilege protect
the identity of other Cohen clients but
the judge denied the motion an outed one
high-profile client conservative Fox
News commentator and Trump supporter
Sean Hannity Hannity says he discussed
real estate issues with Cohen who's an
old friend attorney Michael Cohen is the
one under investigation and the
proceedings taking place here in the
federal courthouse in Manhattan but it's
the possibility that new information
could come to light from those seized
documents about president Trump and his
alleged affair with a porn star that's
attracting so much attention
investigators are looking for possible
criminal activity surrounding Cohen's
$130,000 payment to stormy Daniels who
says she was paid to keep quiet about
her brief 2006 relationship with the
president my attorney and I are
committed to making sure that everyone
finds out the truth and the facts of
what happened and I give my word that we
will not rest until that happens she is
suing Trump for defamation of character
and her lawyer says the C's documents
could be important to their case and
dangerous to anyone who's dealt with
Cohen he is radioactive anyone that had
any contact with this man in the last 20
years should be very concerned about
what secrets of theirs are within these
documents
the judge is yet to decide who will
review the documents which include
information about the president's
business before they're given to
investigators Cohen's attorneys have
asked for the appointment of a so-called
Special Master to do the job they're
typically an independent lawyer who
decides what prosecutors can see but
prosecutors argue Cohen doesn't need
these special protections regardless of
who he represents Christin salumi al
Jazeera New York
