now Heather lahul delivers filtered
water to thousands of families in Gaza
with around 50 percent unemployment here
he is lucky to have a job the water from
Gaza taps is unsafe to drink because it
contains dangerous levels of chlorine
and sulfate but now it says Israel's
10-year long land sea and air bokade has
made people so poor many can't even
afford to pay for his companies better
quality water our business is down up to
60% people can't find jobs and many of
them tell us they can't afford water
they say one day when they get money
they will pay me back
lack of money has forced Gaza's
municipality to have the services it
offers many people use water supplies at
mosques where the filtering is more
efficient Mohamed el Alawi and his
family live in the Shutter refugee camp
he says water only comes on for two
hours every three days washing dishes
clothes and even ourselves until water
comes this is our life groundwater
sources in Gaza are heavily polluted
limited electricity and fuel supplies
means sewage treatment plants barely
work on treated sewage is pumped
directly into the sea and the UN says
natural underground resources are at
breaking point
more than 2 million people live in Gaza
the Israeli government says some of
vital parts needed to build new
desalination plants like this one may
pose a threat to Israel's security so
they are banned international aid
organizations say around 90 percent of
Gaza's water is not safe to drink now
this is one of 3 desalination plants in
Gaza but because of the lack of
electricity that's available it's only
able to operate for around 6 hours a day
tens of millions of dollars worth of
water infrastructure was destroyed
during Israel's war on Gaza four years
ago wastewater seeped into the ground
and experts say it's too early to
estimate the harm that's been done and
the Palestinian political crisis is
making the situation even worse Hamas
has ruled Gaza since 2007 and in recent
months the FATA dominated Palestinian
Authority has restricted electricity in
Gaza to force Hamas into a
reconciliation deal the world also need
to help the police's to fix their
electrical problem politic political
situation from Israeli Palestinian it
doesn't help to fix such important
challenge which all sectors health
education water are suffering from
meanwhile many gazans have little choice
but to rely on the kindness of water
sellers like knobhead who hopes one day
they can pay him for the water he brings
chants trafford al jazeera gaza
