take the biggest News Channel in any
given country
Globo in Brazil the BBC in Britain
channels TV in Nigeria or Rai in Italy
now imagine those channels just fading
to black one day disappearing from most
screens nationwide and when the
governments of those countries are asked
to explain why they say they simply
don't know
imagine the cable companies and
broadcast regulators involved offering
the same non explanation and rival news
channels choosing for the most part to
ignore the story that is what has
happened in Pakistan with geo TV who is
suspending geo no one has accepted the
responsibility of shutting it down when
I've spoke to the cable operators on the
record they said that oh we don't know
if the channels are being blogged it
must have been some mistake but when I
switched off my tape recorder they told
me that see the powers who have
instructed us to shut down these
channels are much bigger than any
government so who is that power that is
much bigger than this government that
would be the military establishment
Pakistan has existed for just over seven
decades spending almost half of that
time 32 years under military rule today
it has a civilian government in name but
the general seldom stray far from power
when the country's most recent military
ruler Pervez Musharraf took over in 1999
Pakistan had only one television network
the state-owned PTV
Musharraf liberalized the airwaves
allowing for privately-owned challenge
today Pakistan has 86 of them it's a
competitive news landscape the desperate
chase for ratings often producing
sensationalized partisan journalism
but can leave viewers riot rather than
informed GOTV was among the first of the
private news channels to get a license
it grew into a market leader although
Musharraf back then and various civilian
governments since have taken issue with
the channels news coverage Jews
editorial policies perhaps one of the
best that we've seen in Pakistan
whenever there is opinion presented any
particular issue which relates to
civilian or the military there is always
opposing views present in the
conversation you might be preventive
Meyers less a key dolo mom logical
Jordana versus Imam licentious Imam
large matey their political voting yard
sensitivity Botha the area this is a
trace that we have not seen in many
channels in Pakistan geo TV was launched
in 2002 and in those days
Pervez Musharraf was the ruler of
Pakistan and geo TV played a very
important role for the protection of
civil liberties for the restoration of
democracy in this country if anyone want
to kill to murder geo TV geo TV will be
killed but the credibility of Pakistan
at international level will also suffer
2007 onwards is a period when private
media and parks on drew but as geo found
its feet it you know randomly started to
kind of deviate from the policies from
the state narrative on certain issues up
Nikita kisara he up kadhi think about
keep Oksana Qaeda network of support on
Pakistan support Megan and what we see
now is actually geo trying to not
completely follow the state narrative on
politics and that is largely considered
to be the source of current friction
between between the channel and the
military geo was offering a bit of an
alternative and even that was not all
rigid
authorities in various countries tend to
grow less tolerant of critical
journalism as elections approach and
Pakistan has one coming up later this
year among the election related topics
Gio has covered that may have landed it
in trouble the 18th amendment a
constitutional change made in 2010 that
forbids the military from getting
involved in political areas outside its
own remit of Defense
oppan la carga bada ba-da-da cream will
be happy to do away with the 18th
amendment yani Cohutta moderating the
memory the army chief of staff wants
that amendment abolished geo has taken a
contrary and therefore politically
contentious view then there's the
corruption trial of Nawaz Sharif the
defendant is a former prime minister who
the Supreme Court permanently banned
from politics this past week and whose
visibility has been much higher on Geo
than on other news channels recently New
York Times wrote an article and they
claimed that geo is supporting Nawaz
Sharif so that's why some powerful
people in Pakistan are not happy with
the geo TV and that's why geo TV is shut
down
I personally don't support Nawaz Sharif
but even if geo is supporting Nawaz
Sharif it is not a legal excuse to shut
down a TV channel do you has been giving
space to very diverse voices there have
been people who very passionately speak
against the corruption of me and of our
Sharif and his family hibachi such nava
taya and their people who have been
speaking in a very objective manner to
describe the this entire trial after
case mr. Cuccinelli collages semi
anniversary of Saab key you say I'm
kinda sick there loves overcomers coming
a damning indictment and uniquely me
anniversaries are kept there was nothing
to instigate to trigger this at all the
only thing is that geo and don t need
these are the two only two channels
right now in Pakistan who are not
succumbing to the dictation from the
military establishment
to gauge just how supine most of the
Pakistani news media have become how
fearful they have grown of the military
and how competitive the news industry
there is don't consider what they have
said about the Geo story but what they
have not they're almost complete silence
on the sidelining of their journalistic
colleagues at another Network tells its
own story one that could in the
not-too-distant future come back to
haunt them geo story has not been
recorded anywhere except for the social
media and this is extremely unfortunate
this is the level of competition that we
have in Pakistan it's not just
competition it's rivalry and so
naturally we don't expect any of these
rivals to be reporting the shut down of
Geo why would they it's good for their
business you know it's playing as simple
as that the lesson learnt by these media
owners has been that they have to
succumb they have to surrender they have
to oblige the hidden powers which are
not so hidden and that is why you won't
see any voice from within the media
against the closure Media has never been
so silent against the state coercion
it's a very critical moment in in
Pakistan's media industry when it has to
make choices and stand up for itself
because if it doesn't stand up then
there will be little difference between
cc's Egypt and this Pakistan
you
