now pluggers social media influences and
online platforms will now have to apply
for a license and pay a fee of 930
dollars if they want to keep their size
up content producers will have to
provide a list of details such as funds
and tax certificates and investments in
order to get accreditation internet
cafes are also reportedly expected to
install surveillance cameras to record
activities inside their business
premises and the law gives government
the right to revoke a permit if a site
publishes content that leads to public
disorder and threatens national security
this may include content that is
indecent obscene has hate speech extreme
violence or material that will offend or
even cause annoyance users could face at
least 12 months in prison and a fine of
two thousand three hundred US dollars
now this is the latest move in the
country's border crackdown on the media
Tanzania's President John magufuli has a
zero-tolerance policy for any criticism
of him or his government since he came
to power in 2015 private owned radio
stations and newspapers have been
suspended new laws have also come into
place for tighter control over the
Internet and a well-known case is Mac
sense mellow he's the founder of Jamil
forums website for whistleblowers he's
been prosecuted under the 2015 cyber
crimes act for stories that expose cases
of alleged corruption involving
companies close to the government now
there's no clarity as to how the new
regulations will be enforced or how they
will impact citizen's rights online but
activists argue that it will restrict
freedom of expression and human rights
reporters without borders ranks Tanzania
83rd out of 180 countries for press
freedom nickname in the country the
bulldozer of media we heard from their
representative a forum editors and
journalists are regularly subject to
criminal proceedings cities a new online
regulation is just another step further
in a context of significant
deterioration of press freedom in
Tanzania
and another issue is whether people can
afford to pay the 930 dollar fee now
according to a 2017 overview by the
World Bank Tanzania has sustained
relatively high economic growth over the
last decade but 12 million people still
live in extreme poverty with earnings
less than 60 cents a day at Juliette's
nan Kufa from the International ICT
policy for East and Southern Africa says
that this will have an impact on
bloggers in the country we are likely to
see a decline in the number of online
publishers in Tanzania this is primarily
due to the hefty fees associated with
the regulations which will largely be
mostly unaffordable for many of the
users in the country and oppose these
concerns to the Tanzanian government
this is what their spokesman had to say
about the new regulations broadcast
equipment we needed these regulations to
protect those who were being victims of
slaves and the kind of issues that one
person would decide to do without
abiding by the law so what do you think
about the status law in Tanzania get in
touch with us on Twitter
use the hashtag ajay news grid
