for a couple of nights each week this is
home for Zima sir Juan Pablos been
hosting the seventeen-year-old refugee
from Ivory Coast in his Paris apartment
for several months it's a warm place to
sleep and a slice of family life for the
teenager who's alone in the city what
they are doing for me is a big deal
lots of people in France don't give
anything to immigrants or people who I
need one and his family didn't know me I
didn't know them but he trusted me let
me sleep in his home on the Moose's long
journey from ivory coast to Europe he
says he lost a close friend and saw many
people die on the Mediterranean Sea
crossing one Pablo found out about
hosting refugees on social media and
felt compelled to act I don't do it to
get something back I had to flee my home
and end up in the street in winter I
hoped that people would help it's a
human duty in France whether it's the
government or citizens we just don't
care enough about this French charity
say there are thousands of refugees
sleeping in the street the Paris City
Council provides some shelters but there
aren't enough places the French
government wants to see an end to camps
like this it's proposing a new
immigration law which would aim to crack
down on so-called economic migrants but
speed up the process for asylum seekers
but some experts say that's simply the
wrong approach the key purpose of the
bill is to try and deter migrants and
asylum seekers from coming to France the
bill doesn't do anything to try and make
the living conditions better for those
who are here already last year a hundred
thousand people applied for asylum in
France one third was successful for
those granted the right to stay
integrating into society is an
additional challenge today Carlos
Arabella's studies at one of France's
top universities but seven years ago he
fled Colombia after four months in Paris
sleeping outside he was taken in by a
French family it changed his life no
hope in Europe has to realize that the
way at his welcome refugees hasn't
worked for me having lived with a family
and
the language and gained a network it
shows that integration is really about
contact and learning the skills to get
by on your own French MPs are debating
the new law and will vote on it at the
end of the month unless the bill is
amended to provide more support for
asylum seekers it seems many refugees
and France will be forced to rely on the
kindness of strangers
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
