nearly six months since Catalonia has
been governed under direct rule from
Madrid and there is little in the way of
a political resolution to the crisis no
site is prepared to climb down from
their position
the Spanish government maintains its
line the illegal referendum last October
was an act of rebellion and it's taking
all measures it says are necessary to
contain it measures that protesters here
say have gone too far you can be against
independence or you can be for
independence but it's impossible to
think that that's a normal thing in a
democratic country our political
prisoners and our politicians cannot do
their job because they are not allowed
to do them so we are taking charge of
the situation I think if you're thinking
behind the decision to jail Catalan
leaders would be that it would quell
some of the fervor here and it couldn't
have been more of a mistaken one because
that has only served to really galvanize
people here Pro independent is but also
beyond that as well who say that their
fundamental democratic rights are being
threatened
meanwhile the arrested Catalan
politicians await trial on charges of
rebellion a crime that carries a maximum
sentence of 30 years in prison according
to the lawyer representing the leaders
there is little hope that Spain's
justice system would deliver a just
verdict the conduct at the moment of the
Spanish authorities it falls beneath the
standards of a flawed democracy you do
not lock people up for the peaceful
expression of their views the Catalan
parliament has called for legal charges
to be brought against a Spanish Supreme
Court judge for refusing to release one
of the leaders Jordi Sanchez he was
nominated to become the next catalan
president now Catalan politicians have
only until the end of May to nominate
another leader before new regional
elections are called if it comes to that
it may shift the crisis but not
necessarily in favor of those who put so
much faith in the secessionist movement
Sonia a go on al Jazeera Barcelona
