tension on the runway in Bosaso
airport in Somalia's northeast security
staff stop this United Arab Emirates
aircraft from leaving the country after
military instructors on board refused to
have their luggage searched airport
officials insisted all heavy bags be
checked resulting in a standoff it was
not clear what their baggage contained
but never mind this is a clear
indication that relations between the
two countries are going from bad to
worse politically speaking the situation
is headed for further escalation the
Somali government has filed complaints
against the UAE both regionally and
internationally
last week the Somali government seized
almost 10 million dollars in sealed bags
from a UAE royal jet at Mogadishu
International Airport the government was
making a coin by confiscating cash that
was destined for the UAE embassy in
Mogadishu and reportedly for the payment
of troops that the UAE has been training
and sustaining relations between
Mogadishu and Abu Dhabi have been frosty
since June last year when Mogadishu
resisted pressure from the UAE and Saudi
Arabia to cut ties with Qatar and join
the blockade they imposed on Qatar the
disagreement between Somalia and the UAE
centers around two tails Abu Dhabi is
building a massive military base in the
strategic port town of Barbara in
Somaliland which wants to break away for
the UAE Barbara is conveniently close to
Yemen where it's part of the saudi-led
coalition fighting Iranian backed
healthy rebels the divided based company
DP world is also taking over the port in
Barbara
so Marlins relatively small port exports
livestock to the Middle East and imports
food and other items all that set to
change now as DP Wall says its prepared
to spend up to four hundred and forty
two million dollars to develop the port
for Somaliland the Dubai port deal is
not only a financial windfall but also a
vote of confidence
that is a major problem for Somali which
views Somaliland as its sovereign
territory Mohammed Oh Al Jazeera
