since the Iraqi military announced the
defeat of ISIL in December 2017 many
Iraqi refugees and displaced people have
returned to their homes in most parts of
the country life is slowly returning to
something approaching normality but the
struggle to unite a country for
generations divided along sectarian
lines is far from over
could the elections on May 12 help some
say not at all those campaigning won't
change anything they are the same faces
they just changed their posters and
banners and much nepotism is involved
there's a crowded field of candidates
with five major Shia lists two Sunni two
Kurdish and some smaller parties and
independents current prime minister
haider al-abadi and his predecessor nuri
al-maliki had separate lists within the
ruling Dawa party
hadiyyah-lah Mele the leader of the
better organization is allied with the
iranian-backed Shia militias known as
the popular mobilization forces the
powerful Shia cleric moqtada al-sadr
with a strong support base among that
spor has allied with Communists Prime
Minister Abadi is popular with many of
the country's Sunni minority who thanked
him for risking them from life under
ISIL but sectarian fear still run deep
in Iraq and religious loyalties have
traditionally been heavily exploited by
parties during elections and some view
his government as corrupt it does not
matter if we vote will not as long as
this corrupt government is ruling from
the green zone from land snatched from
the Iraqi people and its rightful owners
in the semi-autonomous north and Kurdish
region political loyalties are
challenging after the Kurdish regional
governments failed referendum bid for
independence last year new parties are
seeking to challenge the traditional
ruling wants the puk and KDP and of
course regional players will be watching
events closely some politicians are
warning neighbors Iran and Turkey not to
meddle in the poll and exploit mistrust
between Shia and Sunni voters Muhammad
Al Jazeera
