right now we can speak to Heather
Heather newer too is the US State
Department spokeswoman she's joining us
on the line from Washington DC thank you
very much indeed for talking to us now
many people are commenting on the fact
that the strikes from conducted by the
United States by France and by the
United Kingdom were pretty underwhelming
they're saying that this was not exactly
what they were expecting are you
confident that the job has been done
that you have managed to degrade the
chemical weapons facility of Syria well
the goal was to degrade the chemical
weapons facilities in Syria and that's
exactly what we did the US government in
concert with the British and also the
French had to carefully weigh our
options there and one of the things
that's very important to us and our
allies is minimizing any attempts or any
ability to possibly hurt civilians so we
took that into account we took other
things into account such as going for
the pinprick strikes that can degrade
the weapons facilities and we think we
did that
all right so many people are also now
asking what next I mean air strikes
don't make strategy what is the United
States prepared to do next well first of
all let's look at what we tried to do
before we have tried diplomacy we've
done it that at the United Nations
Security Council we've done that with
the European Union with many of our
partners and allies all around the world
Russia continues to support all of those
attempts and stand in the way the United
States and our allies had no other
option we have watched as 500,000
civilians have been killed in Syria for
far too many years and when we saw what
recently happened last Saturday with the
gassing of innocent women children and
men that was far too far the United
States came together with those other
countries sending a message not to just
just to Syria but also to Russia and the
other backer Iran saying we will not
tolerate this the world cannot tolerate
this come what will we do now diplomacy
is the option but we're also asking
Syria they have a chance to get out of
this the
could declare their chemical weapons
they could handle their chemical weapons
and they could finally stop killing
civilians why is it that the United
States felt compelled to intervene on an
issue of chemical weapons use and as you
pointed out maybe half a million Syrians
have been killed in so many different
circumstances often with the use of what
a what Arkin considered to be
conventional weapons why is it that the
u.s. hasn't found it hasn't found it
necessary to intervene when the use of
barrel bombs for instance have been used
as we know they've been used repeatedly
throughout these seven years well I
think we certainly have there's a new
administration here in Washington as of
a year ago and that is the Donald Trump
administration President Obama's
administration by many accounts never
did enough to try to stop this President
Obama drew a red line and let Bashar
al-assad just run right through that red
line president Trump came into office he
saw with Bashar al Bashar al Assad did
last April and there were strikes on a
on a Airport facility that was being
used to hit civilians the president
Trump struck that facility over the past
year we have tried diplomacy and clearly
the diplomacy sadly has not worked and
that's largely because Russia has stood
in the way have unique I'm sorry to
interrupt you Heather but I mean the US
has been decidedly absent hasn't it in
terms of the diplomatic process the u.s.
hasn't been involved in the Geneva side
of things
the US has barely been involved in the
Istana process okay
come on come on to Washington I would
love to welcome you to the State
Department to watch some of our
briefings sometime about 80 percent of
my time personally is spent talking
about what is going on in Syria and
Russia's activities in bolstering the
Assad regime we have tried and we
continue to support the Geneva process
which is supported by the United Nations
it's the un-led process that could
eventually get Syria on the right path
to rebuilding Syria getting to a
political process and eventually a lot
day off
but eventually enabling Syrians and the
Syrian diaspora to vote for a new
president the United States stands
strongly behind that the Istana process
frankly has become a joke because the
guarantor is that the Istana process
include include Russia and they continue
to stand in the way they're not serious
about peace and stability and we know
that because they continue to support
the regime of Bashar al-assad as he
kills his own people so I would ask
instead of just the United States what
the rest of the world is doing about
this you see in the United States France
and Britain take a leadership role and
saying enough is enough
I would ask where is the rest of the
world insane enough is enough as we
watch these men women and children being
killed in Syria
finally Heather can I ask you and what
do you think about the wisdom of the
president using the phrase mission
accomplished because we all know the
echo of George W Bush and the Iraq war
which was a clear indication of him
misreading the situation
how wise was it for President Trump to
use that language understood and I'm a
former reporter and I covered the war in
Iraq many years ago at the time that
President Bush had said that same thing
so I understand why people might
question president Trump's use of that
however I think what he meant was
mission accomplished in that and this is
significant in that we manage with the
French and the British to hit the
targets to not have a single loss of
allies life and significantly degrade
the ability of Syria to strike on
civilians again I think that is what the
president meant by that so I would ask
you and all your viewers and listeners
to please keep that in mind
Heather Nuits thank you very much indeed
for talking to us here at al-jazeera
my pleasure thank you
