this is what's left of the bursar
scientific research center targeted by
missiles from the US Britain and France
the site near the Syrian capital
Damascus was among three alleged
chemical weapons facilities hit during
the joint operation the u.s. hopes the
Assad government got the message that
its actions will not go unpunished but
the tone on syrian state media was that
of defiance in the face of what they
called tripartite aggression
Lilliana we did not sleep at the night
honestly we went to the streets to
support the Army and the Air Force shot
down the missiles Syria's war has
divided opinion in the Middle East
people came out in solidarity with the
Assad government and cities with their
support for Iran and Hezbollah or
there's high anti-us sentiment to the
relief of the Syrian government and its
allies the operation was limited instead
of a much discussed sustained attack the
Syrian government thanks its Russian
partners for the warning about the
much-anticipated strikes after days of
tough rhetoric between US and Russia the
Syrian government had already evacuated
military installations and cleared
potential targets and allies of Bashar
al-assad have been unequivocal in their
support the cheb last night's strike
that happened at dawn against Syria is a
crime I clearly announced that the US
president the French president and the
British prime minister are criminals and
have committed a crime those on the
receiving end of the Syrian government's
attacks and bombs welcomed the military
action we support the American strike
because we support everything that
targets the Syrian regime we know that
this bombardment will not lead to the
fall of the regime but as a targets this
criminal regime we are supporting it
the suspected chemical attack on duma
last week predictably split the allies
of the assad government and those who
oppose it while Russia denies the attack
ever took place
turkey says Assad's actions must have
consequences with unthinkable to leave
all the attacks the regime has conducted
unanswered that is why we welcome this
operation because we can't tolerate what
has happened the perpetrator has to pay
for it and the regime has to understand
that this inhumane and lawless attack
will not stay unanswered the Syrian
opposition backed the turkish
president's call for an end to all kinds
of attacks against civilians the US
Britain and France say that Assad wasn't
targeted the government's forces and
assets remain intact the intention they
say was to force the Assad government to
stop using chemical weapons but
according to a Syrian opposition member
the message that they seemed to have
received is that the Assad government
and its allies can continue their
killings just not using chemical weapons
sama punjab aide al jazeera
Ghazi ante
