this is what's left of Willie's home
everything that she worked hard for is
gone after last week's earthquake the
mud was up to here I tried to run to my
neighbor's house there I ran and ran in
a flowing mud I held onto a plant for a
while and that's how I survived
Jonah Auggie a village in central
sulawesi was home to around 4,000 people
little is left more than 90% of the
village is obliterated it is hard to
make sense of this devastation survivors
here tell us it was as if a volcano
erupted this mud surfaced 15 meters from
underground and then it started to drag
homes and people in waves and waves of
mud and rock 4 kilometers from their
original location rescuers here tell us
they don't even know where to start
digging
they fear half of the population here is
dead homes schools mosques all swallowed
by mud and rock hundreds of survivors
are displaced here as well as many other
areas in Central Sulawesi we met a wide
answer in one of the mosques just
outside the village
why tells us this was not his place of
prayer the mosque in the village is gone
his parents and brother died in the
earthquake too but he says he is not
alone he's the only one who knows humans
like us never will know the real reason
why this happened this disaster is a
test for the faithful because the more
faithful we are the heavier the trials
are given to test us survivors is on the
Oggy village tried to salvage whatever's
left are their belongings
some of them refusing to leave the
devastated area this
the danger and uncertainty an act of
resistance they say because they know
their suffering isn't permanent Jamel
Allen Duggan al-jazeera CG Central
Sulawesi Indonesia
