the US UK and France launched airstrikes
on Syria the target suspected chemical
weapons sites Russia calls it an act of
aggression and warns of consequences
what does this mean for the war in Syria
and will the strike stop chemical
attacks against civilians this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
fully battable in what is the biggest
military action against President Bashar
Assad since the start of Syria's war
seven years ago the US UK and France
have bombed multiple government
facilities the airstrikes targeted a
research centre outside the capital
Damascus and two suspected chemical
weapons storage sites near the city of
Homs the action was in response to an
alleged chemical attack by Syria on
civilians in the city of Douma last week
the Syrian government claims to have
shot down many of the more than a
hundred missiles launched and in
Damascus people celebrated on the
streets honking their car horns in a
show of defiance now the US and its
allies say the strikes were aimed at
deterring further use of chemical
weapons and President Donald Trump
directly addressed Russia and Iran the
two countries supporting Syria's Bashar
Assad I also have a message tonight for
the two governments most responsible for
supporting equipping and financing the
criminal Assad regime to Iran and to
Russia I ask what kind of a nation wants
to be associated with the mass murder of
innocent men women and children the
nations of the world can be judged by
the friends they keep no nation can
succeed in the long run by promoting
rogue States brutal tyrants and
murderous dictators last night British
French and American Armed Forces
conducted coordinated and targeted
strikes to degrade the Syrian regime's
chemical weapons capability and deter
their use this was not about interfering
in a civil war and it was not about
regime change as I discussed with
President Trump and president Mac Ron it
was a limited targeted and effective
strike with clear boundaries that
expressly sought to avoid escalation and
did everything possible to prevent
civilian casualties we would have
preferred an alternative path but on
this occasion there is none we cannot
allow the use of chemical weapons to
become normalized Russia has warned they
would be consequences for the attacks
President Vladimir Putin said the
airstrikes were an act of aggression
against a sovereign state that is on the
front line in the fight against
terrorism and were committed without a
mandate from the UN Security Council and
in violation of the UN Charter he said
the current escalation around Syria is
destructive for the entire system of
international relations history will set
things right and Washington already
bears the heavy responsibility for the
bloody outrage in Yugoslavia Iraq and
Libya now while president Trump has said
the airstrikes would continue until the
Syrian regime's use of chemical weapons
ends his defense secretary described
them as a one-off clearly the Assad
regime did not get the message last year
this time our allies and we have struck
harder together we have sent a clear
message to Assad and his murderous
lieutenants that they should not
perpetrate another chemical weapons
attack for which they will be held
accountable but right now this is a
one-time shot and I believe that it sent
a very strong message to dissuade him to
deter him from doing this again
now introduce our panel for today's
Inside Story joining us in Moscow Alexei
kleben akov who was a Middle East
specialist at the Russian International
Affairs Council in Beirut Rami Khouri a
senior fellow and professor for public
policy at the American University of
Beirut also a senior fellow at the
Harvard Kennedy School and in Arezzo in
Italy via Skype is joshua landis
director at the center for Middle East
Studies at the University of Oklahoma
gentlemen thank you for being in on
inside story welcome to you all
Joshua if I can start with you was this
military operation enough to achieve
what the Americans say was their goal to
start Bashar Assad from using chemical
weapons again I believe it will be
successful the United States has had a
large measure of success in this very
narrow part of the civil war and the use
of chlorine gas had slipped under the
radar it wasn't included in the original
Obama deal in 2013 they put it in later
but Assad continued to use it because it
killed so few people America overlooked
it this mistake is now being addressed
by President Trump I don't believe that
Assad will try it again
and but it's not going to affect as all
of your you know heads of state said
this is not about entering to Syria
Syria Civil War clearly it's gonna be a
depressing sort of an aftermath from
Mitch of the Syrian opposition and other
states in the region that were hoping
that president Trump would take the
fight to us on Rami Khouri in Beirut do
you agree with Joshua last year's us
strike failed to change Bashar al
Assad's behavior this time will it be
any different will he use chemical
weapons again well I agree with Josh
Lloyd it'll send a strong message in a
very narrow space for a very short
period of time and you might find four
or five months down the road people
testing again these red lines I think
it's important to remember that it was
exactly almost 25 years ago that the
United States bombed a site and Sudan
that it said was making was potentially
a chemical weapons site that al Qaeda
was using turned out to be a milk
factory but in the last 25 years the car
the group has grown to be very big much
bigger all over the world than it was
then and other groups like it have grown
so the lesson is that military strikes
alone cannot stop this kind of action or
address the underlying dysfunctions that
lead to it and this is the challenge the
Americans have how do you combine any
militarism with serious diplomacy and
socio-economic and engagement to address
the totality of the picture in Syria and
other parts of the Middle East and this
is not happening
Alexei Clinique event Moscow Russia has
warned that such such actions would not
be left without consequences so how will
Russia respond how will they retaliate
in practical terms water
the options on the table for Moscow well
in the first place
Russia weren't bought consequences if
its own objects and military personnel
would be targeted and suffer from the
strike but eventually we can see that
there were zero casualties on Syrian
side and Russian side Russia's no two
objects and personnel stay intact so
this is why no a reason for further
escalation so basically if we look at
this in incident from a larger scale we
can see that actually all parties
involved kind of ended up in a win-win
situation by striking us kind of stick
to its word delivered on its promises
and the peace it's a domestic hoax who
were propagating you know more
aggressive moves towards Assad regime
and also a peace its foreign allies so
the Russian it didn't lose its image and
Syrians
I mean Syrian regime also one because it
suffered only limited damage of its
infrastructure and had zero casualties
so you don't think the Russians are
going to take any action at all if we're
talking about military action no I don't
think so okay no one is interested in
further military escalation because
ultimately all and everyone understands
if the conflict will grow in between US
and Russia in military terms that would
can spin out of control quite quickly so
no one is interested in that
okay joshua landis in Arezzo we don't
have confirmation yet what chemical
weapons were used or who was responsible
I mean the OPCW hasn't actually
completed its work in Douma even if we
did have confirmation that chemical
weapons were used is it legal under
international law for the Americans
French and British to take this
unilateral action unilateral military
action in Syria that's a very good
question and I don't I don't know the
answer to it not being a lawyer clearly
the United States has done this on new
occasions the UN Security Council has
not challenged America's actions and
even if it were to challenge it
obviously three of the members of that
Security Council are sitting carried out
this strike so it's very unlikely that
any body of international body could
uphold the law even if they decided that
America had broken it so you know the
the major policemen of the world were
doing the bombing all right Rami Khouri
your thoughts on this is it legal under
international law and what consequences
for the Americans British and French if
any because the Russians are accusing
accusing them of course of violating the
UN Charter violating international law
by conducting this unilateral action
well josh was right as usual there that
whatever happens with the Security
Council is going to be vetoed by one
party or the other the Russians will
veto anything that takes place in Syria
the Americans consistently veto anything
that takes place in Israel and Palestine
so the Security Council is immobilized
as a peacemaking body when you get the
interest of the great powers involved
but on the initial question as far as I
know international law allows you to use
pre-emptive military force if there is a
direct and imminent immediate clear
threat to your national well-being in
this case there obviously wasn't that
the Assad wasn't attacking Americans
unlike say they card their attack
against the US when the US has
retaliation many people thought was at
the 9/11 many people thought that was
legitimate but this is not about the
fine points of the rule of law this is
about big power kind of neo imperialist
actions whether it's the Russians or the
Americans doing it they're both acting
in similar ways the French and the
English join in the Iranians join in the
Turks join in a little bit now the
regional powers but this is really a
story about people who have military
force and they use it the difference is
that the Russians are much more subtle
patient and nuanced and strategic about
how they react to issues like this they
find the openings that have been created
by American military blunders and they
go in there as do the Iranians so if you
look at it
and Russian influence in Russia in Syria
and other parts of the Middle East
compared to 15 years ago it's enormous
the Iranians and the Russians are
everywhere and the Americans are
gradually losing influence other than
being able to carry out military attacks
so I think we should look for a
non-military response from the Russians
and the Iranians and I expect that to
happen so what would this all mean for
the war in Syria gentlemen let's just
remind our viewers now of the different
actors in Syria the situation is
extremely complex with different global
powers fighting for control Russia which
has forces mainly on the Mediterranean
coastline a permanent air base at
Latakia and a naval port in Tartus
supports the Syrian President Bashar
Assad is also backed by Iran the
Lebanese group Hezbollah and other
militias who have been battling a
spectrum of rebel groups opposed to the
Syrian regime moderate rebel factions
are mainly backed by the US which is
also leading a coalition that includes
Kurdish fighters to get rid of ISIL this
has angered America's NATO ally Turkey
which considers the curse a terrorist
group and a threat along its border with
Syria Ankara has recently launched an
offensive north of Syria to clear the
area of Kurdish fighters Alexei klebanov
in Moscow how far is Russia willing to
go to support Bashar al-assad well as
Moscow reiterate numerous times it's not
supporting the India in a person asset
it supports the state structures the
institution's the state from from
collapse and as usually as usual Moscow
puts as an example the story of Iraq
Afghanistan Libya where the collapse of
state institutions basically ended up in
a chaotic situation so this is the first
thing Russia I mean it claims to support
not the regime but the state sovereignty
institutions secondly about how far
Russia would go it's very complicated
situation in terms of that many experts
see as Russia having a huge leverage
over Assad
so if to look at this from other angle
Russia is kind of trapped itself in this
situation because it cannot back up it
cannot withdraw because if it decides to
do so to cease its support to the Syrian
government then it will kind of
undermine all this three four five years
of its policy of support to the regime
and it will lose its image it's it's its
power and there will be like long term
consequences for Russia's presence in
the Middle East right so this is why
it's very complicated in terms of like
how how far Russia will go but this is
why it's important to underline that
it's in Russia's genuine interest to
finish the conflict to find a political
solution as as soon as possible as quick
as possible
joshua landis but does Russia still have
leverage over Bashar al-assad as Alexei
kamnikar suggests there if Russia were
to have a stern word with Assad today
would he listen it's not clear that what
he'll listen to of course what Russia
has tremendous leverage just the way the
United States does over Israel but but
Assad can do much as he pleases because
he has the Russians and indeed the
Syrian people over a barrel if he is to
go and if you've gotten rid of an Assad
and his family it's very possible that
the state of Syria would collapse
because who would take power
if one Alawite general tried to take
power it's not clear that he could hold
it other generals would vie for power
there would be coup after who just as
Syria suffered before this before the
Assad family consolidated its position
this is the problem with the Syrian
opposition
it's very divided there are over a
thousand different groups they don't
agree on anything it's very unlikely
that the men under Assad would agree on
anything once he's gone so the Russians
have to treat him with kid gloves
because if they just got rid of him or
kidnapped him the whole Syrian state
could collapse and Syria would then fall
into chaos and this would be terrible
for Russia so that's the
that's the dilemma it's also the dilemma
for the Syrian people because they don't
know they don't want chaos they don't
want the kind of militia warfare they
see in Libya or Afghanistan but at the
same time of course they want change and
nobody knows how to bring it in a
peaceful way and as you say nobody knows
how to bring change and who's going to
bring it Rami Khouri in Beirut I mean
what consequences now for the war in
Syria the message that Western powers
seem to be sending here is that they're
concerned about chemical weapons and
what Bashar Assad does with them they're
concerned about ISIL but should they not
also be concerned about conventional
weapons that have been used against
civilians in this war half a million how
people have died as a result of
conventional weapons I mean this the
message they're sending to the Syrian
civilians through the Syrian people
surely is you know something that must
disappoint them the message that the
Americans French and British are sending
is really very mixed they probably are
genuinely concerned about the awful use
of chemical weapons but they're not
genuinely concerned about the deaths of
Syrians the French and the British and
the Americans collectively in the last
century have been responsible for the
deaths of tens of thousands of Arabs
that injuries of hundreds of thousands
and the displacement of tens of millions
of people over the last century the
French have been fighting in the Middle
East in snow polian so we have to be
really hard nosed when we analyze the
motives of these Western powers and and
I think the Russians are pretty much in
the same boat I wouldn't let them off
any more easy these foreign powers will
do anything they want in these Arab
countries because the Arab countries
have not been able to pass the test of
sovereignty or statehood cannot protect
themselves cannot take care of their
people and and open themselves up both
to the kinds of civil wars that they've
suffered and then the foreign
interventions and the basic my last
point is that what's going to happen in
Syria is that Turkey Russia and Iran
primarily will meet over and over as
they
for the last year to try to find a way
to wind down the fighting inside Syria
and then to find a way to move to some
kind of political transition in which
Iran and Turkey primarily dominate them
seen from outside the borders and the
Russians continue to have strategic
interests there and the sovereignty of
Syria will be diluted but at least the
fighting will be over and people can try
to live a normal life and and most
Syrians would accept that in the short
run because they can't continue to live
in this kind of warfare and mass human
degradation Alexei in Moscow what would
it take for Russia for this war to wind
down for them to withdraw out of Syria
what is the endgame basically as far as
they're concerned in Syria well as I
already mentioned and I agree with uh
with my colleagues that it's it's it's
quite complicated the situation because
it's a-you know the more variables an
equation the harder to solve it and it's
exactly the case but to underline one
important thing that as already
mentioned it's a very important for
Russia to finish this conflict sooner
rather than later
finishing the constructs what does
finishing the conflict mean we've seen a
president Trump tweet today mission
accomplished
Russia what would mission accomplished
look like apparently it's the time I
mean the the situation where the Syrian
government takes control of the majority
of rebel held territories and the
geneva-based political process which
will end up in the new constitution
transition period and elections so
that's what Russia want to finally
implement and exactly for that reason
all those additional supportive
platforms in Astana in Sochi were
launched to basically try to kind of
make the Syrian opposition which is
highly fragmented as a Joshua rightly
mentioned highly fragmented and
disunited and that is exactly an attempt
to kind of try to bring them to some
some unity to then kind of launch and
accelerate the political process because
now it's not only acid who doesn't who
is not interested in you know
politically in compromises but also in
opposition because it's lots of factions
it's the disintegrated right and they
also cannot come to some basis for for
further negotiations joshua landis
president tweeted earlier today mission
accomplished but as we know it's far
from being mission accomplishes it in
syria even though assad has made huge
gains over the last year territorially
he still doesn't control the whole of
syria is there anyone that can stand
against him and what would concoct Ute
mission accomplished
you know for for Western powers in Syria
let's that's a tremendously important
question and and we're all confused
because we heard Tillerson who's now
been fired at a Secretary of State say
that America was gonna stay in Syria for
the long haul and it was going to try to
use its leverage by owning a third of
the country of the north and perhaps 50%
of its most important resources was
going to try to displace Assad that is
not clear today Trump has said he wants
to get out and even in the middle of
this message of the strike he said
American troops Lee come home soon so if
he in in fact carries through with this
promise of coming home soon
that will throw open a third of Syrian
territory are close to it in the north
and Assad will line up to rush troops in
there
Turkey will of course try to hit the
Kurds it could be quite to stabilizing
but what we're seeing today in this sort
of endgame is Syria being divided into
three sections one an American section
in the Northeast a Turkish section and
it looks like Turkey will take it lip
province as well and add that to its
gains and then Assad in about sixty to
three percent of the country sewing up
his gains as he did most recently in
Duma so
Syria will remain fragmented it'll
remain poor and it's likely that this
struggle between the great powers and
regional powers over Syria will continue
but not on the battlefield perhaps on a
much more diplomatic level but it's
going to hurt the Syrians as a people
Rami Khouri I'll give you the last word
coming back to this action that we've
seen from the u.s. France and the UK the
last two major Western interventions in
the Middle East didn't go very well
there were disastrous and I'm thinking
here of Libya and Iraq of course where
is Syria headed right now look it's been
clear since Trajan the Emperor Trajan in
Roman days that you cannot use military
power in the Middle East if you're a
foreign Imperial power and expect things
to go your way you can dominate local
situation for a few years maybe a few
decades but in the end the foreign power
leaves and this is what we're going to
start seeing happening here in Syria we
have the problem that a hundred years
ago and today we have a repetition of
the situation where foreign powers
European powers a hundred years ago
today with Russia and Iran and Turkey
involved are shaping the future of Syria
and trying to to hand crafted in a way
even writing constitutions for the
Syrians so this struggle for Syria the
struggle to define Syria to own Syria to
control Syria is going on now like it
did a hundred years ago and it's going
to continue to go on until one day
somehow the Syrian people can be
self-determining can define themselves
and we hope that will happen after a
transition period where the foreign
powers might bring about the end of the
fighting and then a transition could
take place after that okay thank you
very much
Rami Khouri and Josh Roland is an Alexa
kleben akov for a very interesting
discussion thank you for joining us on
inside story and thank you as well for
watching you can always watch this
program again any time by visiting our
website at aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com/ /aj inside story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter of course a handle is @h a
inside story from me fully back to you
and the whole team
thank you for watching bye for now
you
