to most who have come to pay tributes
Winnie Mandela was not only a freedom
fighter during apartheid she also stood
with the poor afterwards just passionate
about young people
it was frustrated at how difficult it is
for many to get jobs as well as the wolf
disparity between the minority white and
elite black South Africans on one hand
and majority poor on the other people
have come here to show their support
outside the headquarters of the ruling
African National Congress a political
party she was a part of you don't need
to leave Johannesburg to get a sense of
how difficult life is for many this
village of teen houses named after
Winnie Mandela is just one of many
dotting the township of Soweto which was
on the frontline of the battle against
apartheid many South Africans still live
in shanty towns like this one and even
after apartheid was ended Winnie Mandela
continued to fight for them she often
said that the country may have achieved
political freedom but many are yet to
know what it really means to have
economic and social freedom that woman
stood firm and said death Mizzou book
was imprisoned for his activism he tells
us that he and others fought for an
equal and just South Africa and this is
not hid our children our people after
these checks mainly because we don't
even have the land the biggest question
that is what will we fighting for
were we fighting to sit in Parliament in
those comfortable chairs which Winnie
Mandela refused a short distance away
tourists visit the Mandela house a
museum now it's here that we need a
husband then Nelson Mandela and their
children called home pictures of their
life together in the struggle colour the
walls there has been debate about how
she should be remembered she paid
socially
politically she even had judgments past
her against her regarding some of her
private intimate life and in a way that
I think if she were if you were a male
counterpart would not have had those
judgments past them I know about her
most people say that Winnie Mandela
never wavered from fighting for a better
life for black South Africans as well as
getting their fair share of land most of
which is in the hands of an elite view
and for that they say she's a hero
