to meet the newest allegations by former
FBI director James Comey has the White
House on the attack
instead of being remembered as a
dedicated servant in the pursuit of
justice like so many of his other
colleagues at the FBI Comey will be
forever known as a disgraced partisan
hack that broke his sacred trust with
the President of the United States Comey
was fired by US President Donald Trump
in May of last year Comey told Congress
that investigators were looking into the
Trump presidential campaigns ties to the
Russian government in a new book a
higher loyalty Comey paints a picture of
an insecure self-possessed leader
comparing him to the mob bosses he once
prosecuted but it was the salacious
allegations about an incident in a
Moscow hotel room in 2013 that has
deeply upset the president when he was
still FBI director Comey met with Trump
to discuss unproven reports the Russians
film Trump with prostitutes
according to Comey Trump was concerned
his wife would think the allegations
were true and I remember thinking how
could your wife think there's a 1%
chance you're with prostitutes peeing on
each other in Moscow I'm a flawed human
being but there's a literally zero
chance that my wife would think that was
true Trump denies the allegations and
took to Twitter calling Comey a leaker a
liar and a slimeball he's repeatedly
denied any collusion with the Kremlin
during the campaign but the Russian
investigation continues under special
counsel Robert Muller for Trump campaign
officials have already been charged the
latest allegations come at a tense time
in Syria Trump is deciding whether to
retaliate for an alleged chemical attack
there Trump has got so much on his mind
right now that he in the best of times
doesn't seem to be making good decisions
I think his decision-making in foreign
policy could be even worse because of
all these so-called distractions the
book could also overshadow another key
policy decision next week Donald Trump
will sit down with Japanese Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a to discuss his
upcoming meeting with North Korean
leader Kim jong-un and his nuclear
program the Ave meeting is scheduled to
begin the same day
James commis book is released Kimberly
hellcat al Jazeera at the White House
