protest organizers had called this third
Friday of demonstrations along the Gaza
border the day of burning the Israeli
flag demonstrators carried a mocked up
coffin bearing the pictures of Israeli
soldiers whose bodies are believed to
have been held in Gaza since the 2014
war but at the center of this protest
for a third week were thousands of
teenagers and young men unarmed prepared
to approach the border fence
despite the all too obvious risks
Israeli soldiers had already killed more
than 30 demonstrators and injured more
than a thousand with live fire in the
first two protests sixteen-year-old
Ishmael Salim understands the dangers
all too well he was shot and injured in
the initial round of demonstrations
against Donald Trump's declaration in
December recognising Jerusalem as
Israel's capital I want to send my
message to the world that we have the
right to live like other nations and
other children living through Wars
should not be our destiny while others
live in peace and stability protection
such as it was was delivered in the form
of tires burn to provide a screen from
Israeli snipers since the last protest
Israeli troops have erected a secondary
fence at this site 300 meters inside
Gaza and territory protesters made
repeated sometimes successful attempts
to drag sections of it away
Israeli soldiers responded with tear gas
and live bullets with a gunshot wound to
the lower leg that has been a tactic
throughout for the last three weeks the
Israeli military has been promising to
continue to use live fire against these
protesters they've been making good on
that threat throughout the day the
Israeli army released video of what it
said was an attempt to breach the border
fence in southern Gaza
it said Molotov cocktails and IEDs as
well as rocks had been thrown towards
Israeli troops accusing goss's ruling
faction Hamas of using the protests as
cover it's a charge the organisers
reject pointing to the sheer number of
unarmed demonstrators who've been shot
since the protests began
shoot to kill and shoot to maim thinking
that by doing that they are going to
intimidate and terrorize people but the
people are quite determined to come to
organized nonviolent peaceful I protest
in order to sing a message to the whole
world to tell them there are you and
resolution calling for our return
the demonstrations do to carry on until
the middle of next month when Israel
celebrates its 70th anniversary and
Palestinians mark 70 years of what they
call Nakba the catastrophe Garza's
overstretched ambulance crews and
hospital staff know that at least until
then this is how Friday's will be Harry
Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
