maja bina was planning on getting
married in just a few weeks instead
she's attending her fiance's funeral
char keels family says he had just left
his uncle's house when he was shot and
killed he walked out to the washroom and
was fired upon by police forces his body
was just lying there
we tried to help him but officers didn't
allow us hours passed before we were
allowed to go near him the 25 year old
was one of four people who died earlier
this week in indian-administered Kashmir
following clashes between the police and
Kashmir separatists 60 people were
injured on Friday police fired tear gas
to disperse dozens of protesters in the
capital Srinagar we just want freedom so
that we can live our life the way we
want to do it not jobs not development
nothing and we stand with all those
innocents who are being killed and with
their families because at the end of the
day is the grievances of whole Kashmir
the fight over Kashmir is part of a
seventy-year-old land conflict between
India and Pakistan both countries claim
ownership of the region at least 24
people have been killed this year in
violent confrontations but police say
those who died in the latest incident
were aggressors not innocent civilians
quran Parvez a human rights activist
says civilians are openly targeted by
Indian forces it doesn't matter for the
army whether a Kashmiri is a militant or
a stone peltor or a simple civilian so
every killing is always considered as
legitimate by Indian Army Kashmiri
civilians say the situation is becoming
unbearable but some of the deadliest
anti-government protests and fighting so
far this year Sharky's family knows only
too well the high human cost that's
being paid katia episode iyong
al-jazeera
