hey Galaga GOP media Commission hello
I'm Richard gisbert in your at the
listening post here are some of the
stories were covering this week
Pakistan's biggest news channel goes
dark is the military they're playing
power games with the news media in India
journalists reporting on the world's
largest biometric database find
themselves targeted over their work as
Palestinians face live fire from the
Israeli army a journalist clearly marked
as a member of the press is among those
killed and he created Facebook to quote
connect the world but Mark Zuckerberg
admits that even he didn't know what he
was getting into
I started Facebook I run it and I'm
responsible for what happens here
usually when the authorities take a
television channel off the air they're
not shy to talk about it because they
want a signal sent to other media
outlets you could be next
not in Pakistan until recently the
most-watched broadcast network there was
geo TV early last month geo went to
black it remains off the air across much
of the country and no one in a position
of authority is saying why government
ministers in the broadcasting regulator
have denied any involvement the cable
companies that pulled the plug on geo
are staying silent as is the Pakistani
military which has butted heads with geo
before and is suspected by numerous
political and media observers as having
ordered the blackout with no explanation
offered and with a former prime minister
Nawaz Sharif on trial for corruption as
well as elections coming it would seem
the Geo's dominance of the media
landscape has once again put it on a
collision course with the Pakistani
military our starting point this week is
the capital Islamabad
take the biggest News Channel in any
given country
Globo in Brazil the BBC in Britain
channels TV in Nigeria or Rai in Italy
now imagine those channels just fading
to black one day disappearing from most
screens nationwide and when the
governments of those countries are asked
to explain why they say they simply
don't know
imagine the cable companies and
broadcast regulators involved offering
the same non explanation and rival news
channels choosing for the most party to
ignore the story that is what has
happened in Pakistan with geo TV who is
suspending Geo no one has accepted the
responsibility of shutting it down when
I've spoke to the cable operators on the
record they said that oh we don't know
if the channels are being blogged it
must have been some mistake but when I
switched off my tape recorder they told
me that see the powers who have
instructed us to shut down these
channels are much bigger than any
government so who is that power that is
much bigger than this government that
would be the military establishment the
Pakistan has existed for just over seven
decades spending almost half of that
time 32 years under military rule today
it has a civilian government in name but
the general seldom stray far from power
when the country's most recent military
ruler Pervez Musharraf took over in 1999
Pakistan had only one television network
the state-owned PTV Musharraf
liberalized the airwaves allowing for
privately owned channels today Pakistan
has 86 of them it's a competitive news
landscape the desperate chase for
ratings often producing sensationalized
partisan journalism it can leave viewers
riot rather than informed GOTV was among
the first of the private news channels
to get a license it grew into a market
leader although Musharraf back then and
very a civilian government since have
taken issue with the channels news
coverage Geo's editorial policy is
perhaps one of the best that we've seen
in Pakistan whenever there is opinion
presented any particular issue which
relates to civilian or the military
there is always opposing views present
in the conversation do you know who
might be preventive my years less a key
dholu mom logical Jordana versus Imam
licentious Imam large matey their
political voting yard sensitivity both
of the area this is a trait that we have
not seen in many channels in Pakistan
geo TV was launched in 2002 and in those
days pervez musharraf was the ruler of
Pakistan and geo TV played a very
important role for the protection of
civil liberties for the restoration of
democracy in this country if anyone want
to kill to murder Geo TV geo TV will be
killed but the credibility of Pakistan
at international level will also suffer
2007 onwards is a period when private
media and Parks on drew but as geo found
its feet it you know randomly started to
kind of deviate from the policies from
the state narrative on certain issues
APNIC naki Sabra here
Akkad I think a kabuki Pakistan Italian
network important Pakistan support maker
and what we see now is actually geo
trying to not completely fall
law the state narrative on politics and
that is largely considered to be the
source of current friction between
between the channel and the military geo
was offering a bit of an alternative and
even that was not on rigid authorities
in various countries tend to grow less
tolerant of critical journalism as
elections approach and Pakistan has one
coming up later this year among the
election related topics Gio has covered
that may have landed it in trouble the
18th amendment a constitutional change
made in 2010 that forbids the military
from getting involved in political areas
outside its own remit of defense op
nearly carga body
bah-wah doctrine will be happy to do
away with the 18th amendment Jana Kay
Kutta moderating the movement the army
chief of staff wants that amendment
abolished geo has taken a contrary and
therefore politically contentious view
then there's the corruption trial of
Nawaz Sharif the defendant is a former
prime minister who the Supreme Court
permanently banned from politics this
past week and whose visibility has been
much higher on Geo than on other news
channels recently New York Times wrote
an article and they claimed that geo is
supporting Nawaz Sharif so that's why
some powerful people in Pakistan are not
happy with the geo TV and that's why geo
TV is shut down
I personally don't support Nawaz Sharif
but even if geo is supporting Nawaz
Sharif it is not a legal excuse to shut
down a TV channel do you has been giving
space to very diverse voices there have
been people who very passionately speak
against the corruption of me and of our
Sharif and his family
Navabi such nava taya and their people
who have been speaking in a very
objective manner to describe the this
entire trial after case mr. Cuccinelli
glad to see me anniversary of Saab key
you say I'm kinda sick their lives over
cameras camera examining indictment and
uniquely me anniversary of South care
there was
thing to instigate to trigger this at
all the only thing is that geo and on TV
these are the two only two channels
right now in Pakistan were not
succumbing to the dictation from the
military establishment
to gauge just how supine most of the
Pakistani news media have become how
fearful they have grown of the military
and how competitive the news industry
there is don't consider what they have
said about the Geo story but what they
have not they're almost complete silence
on the sidelining of their journalistic
colleagues at another Network tells its
own story one that could in the
not-too-distant future come back to
haunt them geo story has not been
recorded anywhere except for the social
media and this is extremely unfortunate
this is the level of competition that we
have in Pakistan it's not just
competition it's rivalry and so
naturally we don't expect any of these
rivals to be reporting the shutdown off
to you why would they it's good for
their business you know it's as simple
as that
the lesson learnt by these media owners
has been that they have to succumb they
have to surrender they have to oblige
the hidden powers which are not so
hidden and that is why you won't see any
voice from within the media against the
closure media has never been so silent
against the state coercion it's a very
critical moment in in Pakistan's media
industry when it has to make choices and
stand up for itself because if it
doesn't stand up then there will be
little difference between cc's Egypt and
this Pakistan
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers Johanna who's Joe for
more than two weeks now Palestinians
have been staging mass demonstrations at
Gaza's border with Israel the Israeli
military has killed dozens of
Palestinians a journalist among them
what are the details
well Richard six Palestinian journalists
have reportedly been shot at the border
by Israeli soldiers while covering
what's being called the great march of
return weekly protests against decades
of Israeli occupation
now photojournalist yasser Murtaza died
of his wounds on april 7th he had
founded ìiím media which is a TV
production company based in gaza but
that also works for outlets outside
palestine including al jazeera he is one
of at least 31 palestinians killed by
Israeli fire during the protests Israel
has been using live ammunition against
these demonstrators which human rights
groups say is illegal how has Israel
been responding to that Israel argues
that it's soldiers are shooting in a
quote precise a measured way and that
the use of lethal force is necessary to
protect its borders but according to the
Palestinian journalists syndicate where
Tosha was 100 metres away from the
border fence when he was shot and they
also say that the other journalist
wounded were all wearing flak jackets
clearly marked press which disputes
Israel's position that it is only
targeting instigators who are attacking
soldiers moving on now to Azerbaijan the
re-election this past week of President
Ilham Ali EV to a third term in office
surprised absolutely no one media
freedom has been an issue there what
were reporting conditions like during
the campaign in a run-up to the vote the
government systematically cracked down
on critical voices they were amending
laws and blocking news websites critical
of the president and his family last
year Parliament passed a law which
allows authorities to permanently shut
down sites without a court ruling now
among the news outlets affected were the
as eerie language service of Radio Free
Europe and Radio Liberty berlin-based
online news agency made on TV a daily
newspaper as at Lake an online
broadcaster on TV and in what other ways
is the Aliyah of government trying to
for the message through policing and the
courts by the end of 2017 at least 10
journalists were behind bars now
according to the new york-based
Committee to Protect Journalists the
authorities have accused some of
financial misdemeanors and in other
cases imposed travel bans and it's not
just those reporters inside the country
that are affected in May of last year
investigative journalist of Gunma Tarly
who was based in Georgia disappeared
only to surface and in azerbaijani
prison two days later he's currently
serving a six-year prison sentence for
among other things smuggling and
resisting arrest
okay thanks Joe data security data
privacy surveillance they're all over
the news these days stories related to
big tech companies like Facebook Google
and Apple in India however that debate
is taking place over a nationwide
identity program that's run by the
government
it's called add her add her as the
world's biggest biometric ID system took
over a decade to design and roll out
more than 1.2 billion Indians have been
signed up to it but it's been dogged by
legal challenges questions over privacy
and now investigations by the news media
those questions all land at the feet of
the unique identification Authority of
India the UI
dai it's the government body in charge
of Adar and the perceptions around it
and that's no easy job
despite news reports raising legitimate
questions about data privacy and
identity theft the UI dai has stuck to
its line that ad heart is secure however
the tactics that the organization is
used to hound journalists police
complaints legal threats cutting off
access hasn't made it look good the
listening posts Meenakshi Ravi now with
the add her story and one of the
journalists targeted for her work on it
India's local papers seldom make
headlines across the country on the 3rd
of January however a paper in the
northern state of Punjab the Tribune
published an investigation that went
national the article revealed with the
private details of millions of Indians
gathered under the government's scheme
the world's largest
the other is the flagship program of the
government of India it is having the
entire biometrics and demographic
details of every Indian right over a
billion you know citizens these people
on what subgroup they were providing an
illegal gateway to the Adha database
offering the software for rupees 500
once you have a login ID once you have
an unauthorized exists once you've
entered into the gateway the data which
is getting exists is from the central
database
the other database is managed by the
unique identification Authority of India
the UID AI to register Indians must
provide their basic information like
their name birth date and gender they
also have to submit biometric
information a photograph fingerprints
and I scans the program is the Keystone
in an ambitious plan to digitize India's
economy and to make the distribution of
state welfare more efficient however
hard was a major issue in India even
before the tribunes revelations on the
data breach just days after the article
was published the UID AI was at the
Supreme Court arguing that the Arthur
program was legal that it didn't
infringe on the privacy of Indian
citizens the tribunes story did not help
the government's case and the UID AI was
clearly displeased it was disconcerting
but it turned out to be far less
egregious than it was made out to be the
local collector had been given a user ID
and login which was compromised
now this journalist got access to it and
when she keyed in one or two of her
numbers that she is familiar with she
found those details name date of birth
photograph so to suggest that this has
been the entire billion data has been
leaked for 500 rupees is a little
exaggerated and ought to have been
reported responsibly Sohaib Hussain is a
lawyer for the government he has
represented the UID AI in multiple cases
his criticism of resna Kira's reporting
is diplomatically put his client the UID
AI was much less restrained days after
Kara's report was published it filed a
police complaint against her the
reporter was stuck in a bind innocent
sight if she did not buy that access
there was no way that her report would
be deemed trustworthy enough but just
because of the fact that she did do that
the UID I went and filed a police case
against her and we've seen this in the
past as well that they're being
disingenuous in their approach another
journalist called dev and Roy from
cnn-ibn he got a fake ID done
and enroll for Adha under the fake name
this is neither my name nor address or
identity this false Allah enrollment
costed me around 700 rupees to get done
which indicates that the security
process laughs now he tracked all of
this on a hidden camera and he reported
it
blessing you know our case is filed
against him what do idea does is they
should blanket statements and they deny
everything at first and then they go
back they decide whether they have to
take action or not and they actually
filed a police complaint against the
journalist which backfired on them
that's when the UID I realized its
mistake and stopped if it haven't been
for the Tribune which is highly
respected and it's a 200 year old
organization should have been in jail
Shrinivas cordially has had run-ins with
the UI dai as well last year he co-wrote
a paper for the Bangalore based Center
for Internet and Society the CIS
documenting instances of financial
details being leaked from the Adha
database the UID AI sent not one but
three legal warnings to the CIS and that
was followed by questions from the Home
Ministry about the organization's
funding sources the UID AI is official
line on data security has been that the
reporting is inaccurate overblown and
misleading many journalists we spoke to
however said that dealing with the UID
AI is problematic their officials there
are elusive and often unavailable for
comment with the explosion of stories
around data privacy and security on
Facebook however the conversation in
India has become even more relevant I
would say that has more dangerous
because it's essentially
disproportionate amount of data in the
hands of the state and they're
connecting things like traffic
violations property records land holding
size religion and caste which is data
which should not be linked to and
collected and used by the state fine so
I think the risks are substantially
greater in terms of misuse of this data
you don't publish your bank account
number on Facebook
okay but through other by linking your
other number with your bank account your
passport your driver license everything
all the state IDs by linking them you
are actually enabling further
surveillance the harms are very
different but when you compare the
technology it's both the same I think
the two domains are extremely different
and disparate Facebook has far more
personally sensitive information about
you and me than other Haddad has very
little information about you and that is
only a tool to match your identity and
say that yes you are who you claim to be
the Adha story is about more than just
surveillance and security the nationwide
identity program was designed to
streamline the distribution of welfare
across India in a country where almost
two-fifths of food fuel and other forms
of welfare gets stolen by middlemen a
trackable accountable system is clearly
in the public interest
the UID AI argues ad HUD would fill that
vacuum only a few media outlets have
really pursued that story so we've had
online publications like scroll and the
wire and they've reported on the
exclusion so you know for poor people
because the fingerprints also age and
they don't necessarily match they've
indicated that you know that I issues
where people aren't getting necessary
rations there are instances where
laborers are finding that the
fingerprints get scraped easily because
of the manual labor that they do so for
people for whom it's absolutely
necessary to get welfare they're being
denied but apart from the Hindi and the
local language newspapers we're not
saying that much reportage and we're not
saying enough of broader reportage
taking place
journalists covering the Adha story are
having to tread carefully two months
after that Tribune report was published
the editor of the paper resigned he gave
no reason but sources at the paper said
the pressure on him after the Arthur
expose was huge
reporter ratnakara says Arthur is still
the story she wants to cover but first
she has to clear her name I've been
accused of hatching a conspiracy I've
been charged under Section four one nine
four two zero four six eight and four
seven one that's per se pertains to
cheating personation dishonesty forgery
section 36 and 37 of the UH direct that
is having unauthorized access of the
database I have been accused and now I'm
on the fugitive list of the daily
Phyllis all I wanted was to highlight
these concerns I'm depressed to see how
officials instead of paying concerns to
the issues which I have raised in my
story they have made me a story I have
become a story finally Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg his appearance before a
congressional committee in Washington
this past week had its moments including
a few where legislators revealed just
how little they know about technology
one senator asked Zuckerberg how his
business model works when users don't
pay for the service senator he replied
we run ads and that's the thing about
the Facebook privacy story the platform
it's 2.2 billion users and government
regulators are all in uncharted
territory
everyone's learning on the job including
Zuckerberg when we covered this story a
few weeks back an academic we
interviewed Shiva Vidya Naughton had a
particular take on Facebook the man who
runs it and education will leave you
with his thoughts and see you next time
here at The Listening Post
Mark Zuckerberg has set a number of
occasions the more people connect with
each other the less they'll hate each
other the better work they'll treat each
other right Facebook is an idealistic
and optimistic company for most of our
existence we focused on all the good
that connecting people can do Mark
Zuckerberg is a brilliant man he's a
deeply sensitive man he's a very
concerned man who really does think and
believe that he can and will make the
world a better place I'm committed to
getting this right and I believe that
over the coming years once we fully work
all these solutions through people will
see real real differences but he's
deeply uneducated he has no appreciation
of the inhumanity that human beings are
capable of it's clear now that we didn't
do enough to prevent these tools from
being used for harm as well and that
goes for fake news foreign interference
and elections and hate speech as well as
developers and data privacy I think he
made a big mistake dropping out of
Harvard to build this system you know I
wish he would call me up and say I'd
like to come back and finish my degree
at the University of Virginia I think
it's it's pretty much impossible I
believe to start a company in your dorm
room and then grow it to be at the scale
that we're at now without making some
mistakes have them come into my office
and lay out a bunch of courses
philosophy courses sociology courses
history courses we might teach him
something something that he's not gonna
learn at Davos hanging out hanging
around Henry Kissinger we didn't take a
broad enough view of our responsibility
and that was a big mistake and it was my
mistake
and I'm sorry
