well in his address US President Donald
Trump spoke strongly against Russia and
Iran for their support of the Assad
government I also have a message tonight
for the two governments most responsible
for supporting equipping and financing
the criminal Assad regime to Iran and to
Russia I asked what kind of a nation
wants to be associated with the mass
murder of innocent men women and
children the nations of the world can be
judged by the friends they keep no
nation can succeed in the long run by
promoting rogue states brutal tyrants
and murderous dictators the Russian
ambassador to the US has warned there
will be consequences after the us-led
strikes on Syria Anatoly Antonov said in
a statement the worst apprehensions have
come true our warnings have been left
unheard a pre-designed scenario is being
implemented again we're being threatened
we warned that such actions will not be
left without consequences all
responsibility for them rests with
Washington London and Paris
