sexual violence as a weapon of war this
year's Nobel Peace Prize winners are
campaigners determined to prevent
attacks will the prestigious award
provide a much larger platform for
survivors of sexual violence this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm homonyms room from the me to
movement to the distinguished Nobel
Peace Prize more light is being shed on
the prevalence of sexual violence in war
and peace the UN has called gender-based
violence a global pandemic Laura burden
manly reports the fight against sexual
violence is a weapon of war is being
honored by the Nobel Committee joint
Peace Prize winners were announced on
Friday the Norwegian Nobel Committee has
decided to award the Nobel Peace Prize
for 2018 to Denis McGregor and Nadia
Murad for their efforts to end the use
of sexual violence as a weapon of war
and armed conflict dr. McCrae gay had
treated thousands of victims of rape in
the Democratic Republic of Congo and has
repeatedly condemned governments for not
doing enough to stop sexual abuse
Nadia Murad is an Iraqi azd who was
attacked by ISIL fighters in her village
northern Iraq four years ago she's
campaigned for justice
ever since rape in modern-day conflict
is being seen in many parts of the world
Myanmar was added to the UN's lists in
April Myanmar security forces accused of
targeting her hinder women and girls
it's not a new phenomenon during the
Bosnian war more than 20 years ago some
estimates for the number of women raped
during the conflict add up to 50,000 and
during the 1994 genocide in Rwanda Human
Rights Watch said it may never know how
many women were raped it's not just
sexual violence in war that's making the
headlines football superstar Cristiano
Ronaldo is fighting allegations that he
assaulted a woman in 2009 we sent
another sub any word or cristiano
ronaldo is doing well in regards to the
things that are happening
is a guy I've known for three months
what I can say is that in his 15-year
career he has demonstrated great
professionalism on and off the football
pitch sexual assault allegations are
also dogging the nominees for the
highest court in the US and has divided
America Hollywood so called me to
movement is said to be catalysts for
empowering many women to tell of their
abuses some offenders are being punished
and the people who named them celebrated
for inside story
Laura Burton Manley alright let's go
ahead and introduce our panel in
Washington DC
Anthony Gambino he is the executive
director at dr. Denis mukwege is Panzi
foundation in reykjavik by skype susanna
Serkan she is the director of
international policy at physicians for
Human Rights which investigates and
documents human rights violations as
well as gives voice to survivors and
witnesses welcome to you both Susanna
let me start with you from your
perspective what does it mean that dr.
Denis mukwege a and Nadia Murad had been
awarded the Nobel Peace Prize this year
well it's phenomenal and wonderful
validation of the extraordinary effort
that these two very outspoken very
courageous witnesses to what really has
become or is thought to be an epidemic
of sexual violence not only in their
respective countries of Iraq and the
Democratic Republic of the Congo but
these two leaders are voices for the
tens of thousands really millions of
women and girls but also men and boys
who are attacked in every continent by
predators by the powerful by people who
are essentially using bodies human
bodies as vehicles to exploit territory
communities destroy whole peoples or
simply exert their authority and their
voice from the prize is
to give them a new and expanded platform
so that we can really address the
problem more Tony is this Nobel Peace
Prize going to give survivors of sexual
violence a much larger platform now
worldwide
that is certainly the hope of all of us
and of dr. mukwege a dr. mukwege a has
been working tirelessly to make sure
that the voices of survivors are heard
and as Susanna said it's not just the
Congo it's not just Iraq as your story
said it's Myanmar
it's Colombia it is women going back to
World War two who are still alive the
comfort women so-called from South Korea
there are women survivors who so much
want to tell their story want to be
heard and demand justice for the
horrible things that have occurred to
them in too many countries in too many
places for much too long
Susanna could you explain to our
audience a bit more about the kind of
trauma both psychological and physical
that survivors of sexual violence go
through as well certainly rape is
violent physical act and it causes acute
an extensive potentially harm to the
human body
obviously there's physical trauma what
dr. mukwege II has treated in tens of
thousands literally in his clinic and
tens of thousands of women in the Congo
are some of the extreme physical
consequences of sexual violence when
weapons are actually inserted into the
reproductive organs and women are
mutilated and they have to have
literally surgery for what's known as
traumatic fistula there are victims who
are exposed to sexually transmitted
diseases
of course pregnancy can result forced
pregnancy as a result of these crimes
and then there is and there beatings
it's a violent act so women also have
scars lacerations they can be tied up
they can
be injured with knives and machetes and
guns and then on top of that there is
the extreme psychological trauma that
results in fear humiliation depression
victims can have nightmares and on top
of that there's a social stigma so many
survivors that I've interacted with in
the Democratic Republic of the Congo and
Iraq and my colleagues in Bangladesh
with the Rohan go survivors they are
literally ostracized from their homes
sometimes so the recovery involves
physical care mental health support
social support it's really what dr.
mukwege II has developed as a holistic
model and they need justice access to
the courts being able to tell their
story and see the perpetrators
prosecuted and when proven convicted so
that the impunity that surrounds these
crimes does not continue many survivors
in the DRC and elsewhere return to their
homes and villages where they were
attacked only to have it happen again
that is absolutely unacceptable all
right let's take a step back for a
second the UN Special Representative on
sexual violence in conflict recently
told the Security Council that sexual
violence continues to be employed as a
tactic of war a tactic of terrorism and
a tool of political repression
trafficking of women and girls for the
purpose of sexual exploitation continued
to be an integral part of the political
economy of war and terrorism generating
profits for armed groups and thousands
of women and children remain imprisoned
by armed groups such as ISIL and Boko
Haram so Tony when it comes to Boko
Haram specifically has the situation
improved at all I mean there are still
many girls who who are being held that
were kidnapped there are many that have
been freed but there are still many that
have not been seen since they were
kidnapped how is all that going the
issue in the book of Haram crisis as
well as elsewhere it
when it has become contained in certain
places that has then spread and so of
course Boko Haram started in Nigeria has
spread to neighboring countries creating
crises for other countries to try to
respond and the sexual violence has been
part of that as governments which
sometimes have difficulties responding
to these issues in more remote areas try
to do so they often respond in a
heavy-handed manner that can create its
own depredations so you have violence
upon violence and this is something that
people working on the bo camp local
Haram crisis have been trying to get a
handle on but unfortunately it has still
not been brought completely under
control
Suzanna I want to go back to something
you touched upon a few moments ago in
your answer because you you mentioned
specifically the reh√©n juh I've been
reporting pretty extensively this past
year from Bangladesh on the plight of
the Rohingya and I have on many
occasions interviewed row hinge refugee
women who have told me these absolutely
terrifying these horrific stories of how
they and other members of their
community were raped and brutalized of
course in the last month you had this UN
investigative panel that came out with
their recommendations saying that they
believe that members of UN's military
Amar's military should be charged with
crimes of genocide do you think we're
any closer to that actually happening to
the International Criminal Court somehow
stepping in and prosecuting members of
Myanmar's military for this I wish I
could say that we were the Security
Council has been completely paralyzed in
terms of referring the situation of
Myanmar to the International Criminal
Court as you know China has not would
not support that kind of referral as a
essentially a protector of the Myanmar
government and the United States itself
under the trump administration has
vehemently criticized the legitimacy of
its this court and so in in many
directions there's not that likelihood
what we have instead is a possible
referral through
crimes in Bangladesh to the criminal
court because the genocide committed by
the government of Myanmar has extended
into and across the border yes Tony from
from your perch therein in DC how much
do you think the me to movement has as
played an inspiration in the Nobel
Committee awarding the Peace Prize this
year to these recipients well I
certainly can't comment on all the
things that influenced the Nobel
Committee to make this great choice to
these most deserving winners but it's
clear that the the set of issues around
continuing sexual violence ranging from
sexual violence and conflicts which is
what dr. McQuarry and Ponzi has focused
on to continuing sexual assault and
sexual violence across various societies
really everywhere in the world is a
problem that has been underreported
underappreciated
and where the response too often has
been woefully bad so across the board
whether it's a better response to the
crisis of sexual violence and insecurity
in the Congo to problems of sexual
assault across all societies of the
world we really have to do a better job
and it's our great hope that this prize
given to these extraordinary people will
refocus people on on this and and tell
us all that we just have to do a better
job Susanna you just heard Tony talk
about the fact that you know sexual
violence is underreported in this day
and age and and frankly you know many
people in the world are surprised when
they hear the kind of statistics that we
are talking about today just how
prevalent still is rape as it is being
used as a weapon of war well when we
look at the situation in the DRC or
neighboring Central African Republic as
well as we've just been discussing in
Myanmar with Andra crisis this crime is
vastly underreported because these
are extremely difficult crimes to talk
about very often a goal is to intimidate
and silence the victims and there is not
often an environment in which women and
girls can safely report what has
happened to them the Yazidi women and
girls had a terrible time in the
beginning overcoming the enormous
obstacles in their society in their
culture and in their country to speak
out and so the data that we have are
really not complete and as we know from
even what has happened in the United
States with the extraordinary outpouring
of revelations day after day we see that
even in societies where there is
relative freedom and opportunity to
speak out and to make a claim with the
police women and girls have taken
decades 30 40 years to speak out we just
had a major American TV reporter a
Connie Chung described horrific raped by
her own doctor that she had sat on
quietly for more than 30 years and so
it's not surprising that people are
shocked when they hear the extent of
sexual violence both in peacetime and an
armed conflict because it's silenced and
people are afraid and only when we start
seeing prosecutions and women being
given the platform that doctormick waggy
and Nadia Murad have spoken for so
powerfully and have brought to the fore
are we going to start to turn the
situation around where the perpetrator
will be the focus of attention and the
survivors will become the powerful all
right let's take a look at some sexual
violence statistics a United Nations
Children's Fund report last year said
that around 15 million adolescent girls
were forced to have sex worldwide UNICEF
said only 1% of adolescent girls sought
professional help and close to 17
million adult women in 38 low and
middle-income countries
reported being forced into sex during
their childhoods pitoni these num
are truly shocking and appalling what
can be done by governments to combat
this to try and put an end to this well
let's start with the most fundamental
reality governments exist to protect
their citizens that's why we organize
ourselves in governments and when
governments fail so badly to provide
basic protection in in the Congo we have
seen baby girls raped as young as 18
months old and then a lag in bringing
the perpetrators to justice when you
have governments that are unwilling to
respond to these kinds of Horrors
committed against their own citizens
then a much more vigorous international
response is required so the things that
the UN the things the UN are saying that
you've been reporting on those are fine
but the UN and others need to do more we
have heard many many beautiful words
spoken about the work done by dr.
McQuarry Nadia Murad and others we've
seen much less action by the relevant
governments and relevant international
institutions to really effectively
respond to this tragedy Susanna you were
speaking more specifically about Nadia
Murad a few moments ago and I want to
ask you when it comes to to her case a
sed woman who publicly discloses what
happened to her and starts campaigning
on behalf of other sexual assault
victims how dangerous was that for her
to come forward in the beginning it was
incredibly dangerous it was dangerous
because she placed blame not only on the
Isis attackers but also called out to
the Iraqi government to protect the
women who had been attacked and enslaved
and sexually violated by ISIL but also
because in her own community women who
are no
longer virgins are not considered
marriage Abel in the beginning they were
ostracized and thanks to her voice and
those of other Yazidi women there were
religious edicts that were overturned
and the top religious leaders of the
Yazidi community embraced and supported
these women and girls so that they could
return to the shelter of their families
however there are now they're still
3,000 Yazidi women and girls who are
missing many beliefs that some of them
were killed some of them have been
trafficked even outside of Iraq they are
calling on the government we are calling
on the government to and the
international community to find out what
has happened to those women to rescue
those who can be rescued and then of
course to prosecute these crimes as
crimes against humanity and in the case
of the sed truly a genocide and
currently the Iraqi government does not
have either the laws or the capacity to
prosecute the crimes against the Yazidi
and other minorities in Iraq under their
their laws Tony I want to ask you a
similar question about dr. mukwege a how
dangerous has it been for him to be
doing the work that he is doing it to be
speaking out dr. McCoy he is an amazing
man for many many reasons but one of the
most profound is his individual courage
here is a man who almost exactly six
years ago in October 2012 survived an
assassination attempt with a man who was
very close to right next to him shot
dead right next to him and dr. mukwege a
miraculously survived his children had
been held as the assailants waited to
make this attack and it was of course
terrifying
dr. McCoy he left to the Congo for a
period of a few months and then he tells
the most extraordinarily beautiful story
market women in the Congo began to raise
funds from selling vegetables small
sales small amounts
as he says it went and the women who
just make a few dollars a day to try to
raise funds to say we would like you to
come back and when dr. McQuarry heard
this he decided I have to return and so
at great personal risk he went back
exactly to the city where assassins had
tried to kill him and he's there today
continuing to do his work under great
threat
we constantly worry about him in his
safety and it's extraordinarily
importance that people like him
and as Susannah saying is that we're
discussing right now the survivors of
sexual violence they be given all the
possibilities to speak out to be
protected to tell their stories and to
obtain justice Susanna you have said in
the past that underlying gender
discrimination enables sexual violence
to occur before and after conflicts and
during peacetime could you elaborate a
bit on that yes absolutely and actually
following on Tony's comments about dr.
Maggie I've seen and heard in the
Democratic Republic of the Congo how dr.
McQuarry describes the ways in which
women and girls in his country are
actually treated worse than animals in
many cases and I've seen it in the
Kiva's myself where very often the
culture is such that men are sitting in
front of their homes or along the side
of the street and women are walking on
these terribly poor dirt roads with
enormous burdens on their backs carrying
weight three four five times their body
weight and they are sent into the fields
often alone to farm to collect crops and
that is when they're vulnerable to
attack and they are also vastly
discriminated against in terms of their
their basic activities and roles and
rights and society and in that climate
in that environment and this is not only
in the DRC it's it's everywhere where
the powerful men rule women can be
treated any way all the way up to sexual
violence rape and even mass rape in wars
and until women gain equality rights and
end to discriminatory policies and laws
and practices we will continue to see
these kinds of crimes Tony we only have
about a minute left we'll all this
attention in your opinion ultimately
help aid workers and rights groups who
try to assist sexual violence survivors
yes but it's up to all of us to do the
most we can to get this word out to work
with survivors so that they are heard so
that they are responded to and if we all
work harder and take advantage of this
award this wonderful award of the Nobel
Peace Prize to these two amazing people
then we will succeed in doing a better
job against the scourge all right we're
gonna have to leave it there we've run
out of time thanks to both of our guests
Anthony Gambino of the pansy foundation
and Suzanna Serkan with physicians for
Human Rights and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Mohammed Jim Jim
and the whole team here bye for now
you
