in Syria can US rockets stop Bashar
al-assad's killing machine or will they
just make things worse and in Gaza can
anyone or anything stop Israel from
shooting and killing Palestinian
protesters we'll debate both those
issues in this upfront Middle East
special
on April 7th at least 70 Syrian
residents of the rebel-held town of Duma
were killed in a suspected chemical
weapons attack and hundreds more injured
the Syrian government is once again
accused of carrying out the attack and
has once again denied any responsibility
for it but Donald Trump who now calls
Bashar al-assad a gas killing animal
wants to take matters into his own hands
so will military action by the United
States deter the future use of banned
chemical weapons or is the u.s.
president dragging the West into a new
war would not just Assad but with Russia
and Iran joining me in the arena to
debate this are Eli Lake a columnist for
Bloomberg view who specializes in
national security matters and Glenn
Greenwald the Pulitzer Prize winning
author and co-founder of the intercept
thank you both for joining me on upfront
Glenn let me start with you when
chemical weapons are repeatedly deployed
in Syria the international community led
by the United States can't sit back and
do nothing can it right so this idea
that the United States or its allies
have to engage in military actions for
humanitarian purposes was a major part
of the case of the Iraq war obviously
there were other arguments but the idea
that Saddam had gassed his own people
that he was suppressing his own people
that we were coming to liberate the
Iraqis that was an important part of the
arguments lots of people were making
back in 2002 2003 and I don't think that
turned out very well for the people we
were supposedly trying to help the same
is true when it came time for the
intervention in Libya we claimed that we
were going to help the Libyan people by
freeing them from Gaddafi
we killed Gaddafi and then paid very
little attention to what happened in
Libya in the aftermath which was even
worse suffering worse chaos militia rule
the return of the slave trade so I think
the record of people who claim that the
United States is going to drop bombs in
order to bring happiness or protect
people in the world is an extremely poor
one that's generally the excuse that's
used for geopolitical motives that are
really driving the war and not actually
the real reason that it's being done
which in turn means that the results are
often quite poor but Glenn a lot of
Syrians who are opposed to Assad would
say we tried it your way we tried the no
US no-fly zone no US assault on Assad
and hundreds of thousands of people are
dead so there's no point comparing it to
Libya or other interventions because the
non intervention is still resulted in
thousands of dead Syrians yeah I mean
that's always you know a problem is that
you can take a problem in the world
that's really horrendous as this year as
the civil war in Syria to any decent
person obviously is and then just
immediately assume that you as a foreign
country thousands of miles away are
capable with your military of improving
that situation because that's something
that you want to believe but oftentimes
all you can do the only options
available to you are ones that make it
worse why doesn't that's wrong I think
there are plenty of examples of times
when American led airpower such as the
no-fly zone in northern Iraq between the
two Gulf Wars that and that first of all
stopped a horrible slaughter of the
Kurds and second of all it created the
space for the creation of the Kurdistan
Regional Government now I wouldn't
compare the Kurdistan Regional
Government today in northern Iraq to
Switzerland or France but it's certainly
better than almost all of the other
alternatives in the region and that was
only possible because American airpower
was protecting that region from Saddam
Hussein second of all the comparison is
a little bit off that Glenn makes in my
view because you know the lead-up to the
2003 war was really about before I'm
sorry the Iraq war from 2003 was really
about enforcing the ceasefire that ended
the 1991 Gulf War which required tsunami
was saying to account for and dispose of
his weapons of mass destruction and part
of the X but part of the justification
was that in the end of the iran-iraq war
in 1989 Saddam Hussein had used chemical
weapons against Kurds yet again in
Halabja
but at the time the US policy was that
Saddam Hussein was largely an ally and
still sold grain credits to the Saddam
Hussein so there really wasn't much of a
moral like to stand on this is
responding in the moment to a chemical
weapons attack it is not an isolated
incident it's not a one-off we've seen
chemical agent used in scrape all in the
UK we have seen kim jeong-hoon use it to
kill his half-brother
it is becoming unfortunately to use an
important term of the moment normalized
if you want to reverse that trend
Bashar al-assad must pay a very heavy
price ideally I would like him to stand
trial for his crimes against the Syrian
people in a Revolutionary Tribunal after
you know a glory but if that doesn't
necessarily happen someone needs to step
in because if it is perceived someone is
the United States well who else is it
going to be the United States is the it
still remains the leader of the world if
Glenn Greenwald would not like that
anymore that's fine but if the United
States does not do this no one will well
it's all scale in Greenwald so first of
all I think it's an important point that
was raised which is that you know Saddam
Hussein used chemical weapons at the
time that he was an ally the United
States and yet the United States didn't
go in punished autumn Hussein for doing
that because the United States isn't
driven by humanitarianism they're not
driven by opposition to chemical weapons
they're driven by geopolitical interest
and what we have here in the case of
Elie in the case of lots of people are
inside the trunk government the reality
is is that they have a geopolitical side
in the Middle East and that geopolitical
side is on the side of Israel and the
side of Saudi Arabia their new ally the
new allies of the Israelis and against
Iran and against Hezbollah and therefore
taking out Assad is a way of putting the
scale the finger on the scale of the
side that Eli is really on which is the
side of Israel on the side of Saudi
Arabia and hurting Iran and
humanitarianism is the pretext for doing
that also other examples like creating a
no-fly zone in northern Iraq for the
Kurds in this case what we have is a
country where there is a very serious
military presence on the ground of a
nuclear-armed country called Russia so
that if we start doing the sort of thing
that would be necessary to cripple
Assad's airforce or in any way harm
Assad we're going to be not only bombing
Russian Syrian military installations
but killing lots of Russians as well so
what you're talking about is a serious
risk of an actual hot war between two
countries that have very deep-seated
animosities going back decades and
thousands of missiles pointed at one in
other cities with nuclear tips and
archaic cold war systems ready to be
triggered at any moment it's
extraordinarily dangerous
the kind of thing that Eli is talking
about even though he's using very
moderate tones to do it the risks are
enormous in terms of having this kind of
turn into a conflagration that nobody is
anticipating put the cuffs on me I'm
against the Iranians Glenn is correct on
that and I fully would say one of the
reasons I'm against Iran and I'm against
Russia at this point is because they
have enabled funded and supported this
gastly humanitarian crisis which can't
be compared to anything that Israel or
Saudi Arabia or Sisi and Egypt has done
and yes there of course there emanate to
Yemen it's like it can't even really be
Yemen in terms of the total cost and how
long it's been the use of chemical
weapons and everything else but more
importantly the alternative to the u.s.
getting involved it's not going to be
they'll just play it out and it'll be
fine it's going to be a wider regional
war which we're already seeing the
Israelis do not want the Iranians to set
up a base in Syria and they're well
within their rights neither does crown
prince of Saudi Arabia neither the
Saudis neither the Emiratis so if you if
you the the one thing that maybe could
prevent an even wider conflagration at
this point would be an American presence
in Syria at least it is there already to
stay and to stop and to push back
against the Iranians and the Russians
the question I have for you is Glen is
that why aren't you against them as well
why do you think that they are equal
belligerents in this particular contest
with Israel in the United States when I
don't think there's an argument there at
all
the problem is you I is that I don't
think the message that you're claiming
is going to be sent by having the u.s.
attack the Assad government in this
devastating way that would be necessary
to really send the kind of message
you're talking about I don't think the
message is going to be that's going to
be received in the world is the message
that you're claiming is going to be sent
everybody knows that the US has
supported regimes in the past that use
chemical weapons everybody knows that
the US right now is supporting Israel as
they slaughter journalists and peaceful
protesters on the border with Gaza which
is also a violation of the laws of war
that you don't seem very interested in
sending a message that people aren't
allowed to do that everybody knows that
Saudi Arabia is deliberately bombing
civilians and blocking medical care and
medical aid to suffering children dying
of all kinds of hideous diseases and
starvation
and in Yemen because we don't care about
that because that's our ally doing that
and that's the message that's going to
be sent everybody understands outside
the United States that the real reason
for this military strike will be that
Assad is an enemy of Israel and the u.s.
found an excuse to go and it's happened
that's the only message today we're
seeing a huge war in order to go do that
with a person who is that who is
commanding the Armed Forces who people
have spent the last year saying is
unstable is mentally unfit has the onset
of dementia is purely driven by ego has
no moral limits that's the person that
we're going to be empowering to lead
this extremely dangerous war with very
little benefit in sight and that's why
just do it just deal with the charge
that Elie made earlier I just want to
get your response to that that you're
soft on Iran and Russia why was his
question I don't have a soft spot for
Iran in Russia I think that the
governments of Iran and Russia are
extremely authoritarian I have nothing
but bad things to say about both of
those governments but there are a lot of
bad governments all over the world
including the closest allies at the
United States and I don't think we
should go to war against countries
because their governments are
authoritarian otherwise we'd be at war
with most of our own allies and let me
put Glen's point back to you long before
we finish Saudi Arabia has volunteered
to be part of a coalition to help punish
Assad while it's also starving
blockading bombing innocent people in
Yemen do you not see a problem with that
in the US Commerce well I think the US
should and can use its influence with
Saudi Arabia as an ally and more
effectively to try to mitigate that
situation second of all I don't think
that you can necessarily equate the
rampage of the Iranians in the region or
for that matter Russia which is acted
like a nuclear-armed rogue now really
going on more than a decade to American
allies as imperfect and flawed as they
are and finally I just don't think that
the argument I think what this is really
like you're being described is one of
the biggest humanitarian crises where
they say you know perfect and flawed it
sounds like it's a little imperfection
it's like a typo you know it says the
Saudis aren't perfect that's all they're
just not deficits are a big difference
here is that in terms of raw political
reality that the Iranians are
responsible
for the roadside bombs that have maimed
and killed in excess of 2,000 Americans
in Iraq and Afghanistan they are a sworn
enemy
they had a rogue nuclear program wait a
second what what would the Americans
doing in Iraq well with the Americans
doing in our training and Army
protecting a governor ones that write a
constitution I mean I'm sorry Glenn you
know try that on someone else you're
basically saying that America because of
its flaws because those flaws of its
allies does not have any justification
to ever act I think that Syria is the
refutation of that because that is we're
watching the consequences of
non-intervention there because we feel
bad that was we made mistakes before and
I just don't think we've we're through
with that we have to move on
Glenn last word very briefly the United
States hasn't had a policy of
non-intervention in Syria it has armed
the Syrian rebels to the tune of a
billion dollars a year not enough to
overthrow Assad but just enough to keep
the war going so the United States has
played a big role in the events in Syria
that's far I don't think they're gonna
solve the problem under Trump we'll have
to leave it there Glenn Greenwald Eli
Lake thank you so much for joining me in
the arena
the United Nations has called it
deplorable the Palestinians have called
it a massacre in just the past two weeks
Israeli forces have killed over 30
Palestinians and injured more than 2,700
along the border between Israel and the
occupied Gaza Strip as tens of thousands
of protesters gather to commemorate the
great march of return multiple reports
have cited unarmed Palestinian civilians
including journalists and children being
shot and even killed by Israeli snipers
but Israeli officials have insisted the
protests are quote organized terrorist
activity linked to Hamas so will Israel
continue attacking civilians in the
upcoming protests will the world do
anything about it and how significant of
a role is Hamas really playing on the
Palestinian side joining me to debate
this from Los Angeles Yousef Minaya
executive director of the u.s. campaign
for Palestinian rights and from Tel Aviv
Danny Ayalon former Israeli Deputy
Foreign Minister thank you both for
joining me in the arena Danny let me
start with you the Israelis have killed
more than 30 Palestinians over the last
couple of weeks including people who are
unarmed including teenagers including a
journalist wearing a pressed jacket
saying press on it did they all deserve
to die in your view nobody deserves to
die Mary but unfortunately what we see
here that the Hamas is in a very very
barbaric way I would say really a
highness war crimes are using civilians
as human shields and they embed among
them terrorists snipers
some who carry explosive charges and
most of those that were killed
where Hamas terrorists and their
responsibility is with Hamas if they
would just forget this war on Israel
recognize Israel understand that we are
there to stay then I believe we can
really do a lot of things together in a
peaceful way Yousef Minaya most of the
people who were killed were Hamas
terrorists Hamas is to blame says Danny
Island look unfortunately the Israelis
think that you can shoot pro
testers on video and just scream Hamas
at that and suddenly that becomes okay
unfortunately that's not how it works
and we have seen lots of documented
evidence on video of Palestinian
protesters who were shot when they were
in no way posing any imminent threat to
life to anyone on the other side of the
fence so it's very clear here what is
going on Palestinians are protesting for
their basic rights rights which are
systematically denied by Israel
including the right to free movement
where millions of people in Gaza are
practically indiscriminately denied the
right to ever leave by by the State of
Israel and to enforce these policies the
Israeli state is willing to use brutal
force even to gun down unarmed
protesters and members of the press who
are wearing clearly marked identifiers
and I should say that it's not just the
individual soldiers who need to be held
to account for murders that have been
taking place in front of the world world
to see but the upper echelons of the
Israeli state which ordered army snipers
a hundred of them to go down to the the
fence along Gaza and to respond to
protesters with lethal force this is a
criminal order and the international
community I think is very right to call
this out and demand accountability for
it Danny do you believe the Israeli
military has the right to shoot unarmed
Palestinians at the border well I would
say every country every sovereign
country has the right for self-defense
this is very much anchored in the UN
Charter and into international law what
we see here is a a real flagrant
violation I get that but I specifically
asked about unarmed protesters unarmed
protesters have not been shot and again
I wanna I wanna it's just a false I mean
I hear we have to remember I would ask
q why is Hamas killing its own people -
you in - why are soldiers I really asked
me ordered to shoot unarmed protests
okay let me ask you this Danny let me go
back to my original question and then it
will last use of a question about Hamas
okay unarmed protesters you say Israel
hasn't killed we have seen on video
people fleeing in the opposite direction
with no weapons on them being shot I've
seen it myself what do you say to people
like me who have watched videos of
people running away from the fence being
shot by Israeli snipers what's your
response
just specifically on that Mary I would
say there is no business for them
whatsoever to be by the fence and they
were warned it's a it's an it's a war
zone you do not send individuals and
civilians into war zone and I can tell
you most of the people if not all of
them were sent there and were forced
there by Hamas we also can see in in the
videos how Hamas terrorists are sending
them they wanted a million people March
they got only 20,000 and and even those
have been forced to do that the issue of
Gaza is much bigger than just this
criminal march of the Hamas it is that
Israel left Gaza altogether 13 years ago
left infrastructure greenhouses for the
Gazans in the belief that peace can can
just can can come through you should
respond to that point that Israel left
Gaza and also deal with the point that
these protests have been at least partly
if not fully organized by Hamas have
there not even one of the journalists
activists are tema
says yeah we invited Hamas in to help us
with logistics with media coverage with
moral support to deal with both of those
points that Danny's raised Mandy I think
it's quite revealing that in response to
the question about why the Israelis are
caught on video shooting unarmed
protesters the response that we get is
that the protesters shouldn't be
protesting as if to justify the shooting
of unarmed protesters and and I
I think your viewers can clearly see
that this is an attempt to justify what
is clearly murder Palestinians have a
right to protest they have a right to
protest anywhere that they want if they
do so peacefully and many of these
protesters were gunned down on video
while not posing any imminent threat to
the life of the Israelis it was Israeli
soldiers that did this not Hamas it was
Israeli soldiers acting on the orders of
the Israeli government not Hamas you
simply cannot keep blaming Palestinians
every time you kill Palestinians it's
unacceptable as far as whether or not
the Israelis left Gaza okay they
routinely enter Gaza's airspace it's sea
waters and fire into Gaza anytime they
want just because you don't swim in a
fish bowl with your fish doesn't mean
that you don't control its life that's
the way that Israel exercises its
control over Gaza and it's holding two
million people there in captivity Danny
I must stick with this you know the the
purpose of discussion to talk about the
deaths in Gaza
you keep saying they're terrorists if
Hamas is fault forget the protesters
from him we had a journalist Yasser mer
taja who we all saw pictures of having
been shot he was wearing a press jacket
and he was shot by an Israeli sniper
what was his crime the crime may not be
his the crime is those who sent him
there but you can't shoot someone to
send a message to infiltrate you can't
just shoot someone because you don't
like who allegedly sent them what the
Hamas terror organization does Hamas
uses human people as shields to shield
their terrorists among all those who
came unarmed many where armed he was a
journalist whose organization was vetted
by the u.s. Floy that they were standing
in front of a hamas terrorist he was
shot in cold blood I mean those are the
facts well I want to say one thing you
know Israel which is a clear democracy
and you know we have self-criticism and
and we check ourselves all the time the
army
is going to do an investigation because
they want to do after every operation in
shooting so this is being investigated
without any you know hiding anything
Yussef Danny keeps making this point
about Hamas and obviously you disagree
you see it's a deflection but just deal
with the perception point here with Gaza
it is a problem is it not for the
Palestinian movement
that whatever legitimate protests or
struggles they may have it is a problem
that in a place like Gaza Hamas rules
Gaza and that's always going to be kind
of de shadow that's always going to be
the elephant in the room as it were that
you have this group ruling Gaza which is
regarded as a terrorist organization by
many governments in the West which has a
pretty horrific human right to be
recording Gaza that's a problem is it
not you would concede that look anytime
you have people who are under occupation
and struggling for their rights and they
are being gunned down in very criminal
ways we are going to hear all kinds of
excuses to try to whitewash those those
shootings and and and that that brutal
repression of people rising up and the
use of this argument to try to deflect
and excuse the killing of Palestinians
in the Gaza Strip is disgraceful in my
view and unfortunately this is something
that has been used for a long time and
will continue to be used and should not
be accepted daddy Ireland obviously you
don't think the Israeli military did
anything wrong but just from a
perception point of view for Israel's
reputation this last few weeks and the
coming weeks pretty bad surely you would
concede that you have human rights
organizations lining up to point out
that you're possibly committing war
crimes UN Human Rights officials are
saying the same thing Western
journalists are going there and seeing
this for themselves the video footage is
everywhere and you have your Defense
Minister saying nobody's innocent in
Gaza and the troops should be commended
for killing these people that's not a
good look for Israel what you call a
clear democracy surely you'd concede
that much I absolutely I would concede
that much it's the pictures are not very
rosy and certainly we do not like to see
these pictures but again we have to see
the broader context and
not any country in the world including
all those countries Western democracies
that criticize us would not allow a
stampede on their borders those
countries aren't occupying the glands on
their borders by the way well first of
all this is still under debate you know
the disputed areas but with Gaza
certainly we left Gaza to the last inch
and I think Hamas they try any
provocation against us and knowing that
we have will have to defend ourselves
and just on a factual point the UN says
Gaza is still occupied I know you said
it's up for debate
last word Youssef Minaya what's gonna
happen the next few weeks these protests
are gonna continue what do you see
happening
I think these protests are going to
continue and I think they're inspiring
for Palestinians who are looking at mass
popular mobilization as a way to
continue to resist and demand their
rights have a very simple message for
mister I alone and the Israelis if you
don't like to see these images of
Israeli soldiers shooting unarmed
protesters and members of the press you
should simply stop shooting unarmed
protesters and members of the press
Youssef Minaya Danny I alone will have
to leave it there thank you both for
joining me in the arena that's our show
upfront we'll be back later this year
you
