I am femi okay and you're in the stream
today keeping alive the dream of
returning home that's the aim of the
great to return March a non-violent
movement that has drawn thousands of
Palestinians to guard a southern border
with Israel of the last three weeks the
non partisan demonstrations have drawn
international attention to the plight of
Gazans living under an 11-year Israeli
blockade it's a story that many members
of our online community including Teresa
Halbach asked us to look into the great
return march has drawn people from every
corner of gaza society men women young
and old but with the demonstrations has
come a devastating human cost Israeli
troops on the frontier have shot dead at
least 33 people including journalists
covering the rallies hundreds more
people have been injured by Israeli life
fire many Gazans say they will continue
to gather at the border until at least
May the 15th that is the 70th
anniversary of Israel's foundation which
forced hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians into exile in what is known
as the Nakba or catastrophe but the
great return march is about far more
than protest
it's about solidarity and community as
these clips show
we are terrorists we are everything bad
in the world but we are peaceful people
we look for peace for happy life for
medicine for pure for just to live our
life when we to be human beings just
like for more on the great return March
and prospects for a new wave of
Palestinian activism
I'm joined from Gaza by Omar Ghraib he
is a journalist and activist the fact
our hallelujah is an academic and
lecturer at the Islamic University of
Gaza he's also the editor of Gaza writes
back a collection of writing by young
Palestinians and from the occupied West
Bank city of Ramallah we have male
ambiguity she is a Palestinian American
writer whose political commentary has
been featured in The New York Times
welcome guess I'm gonna start with a
protester Omar let me show this tweet to
you after I Hume says we are dying we're
living under suffocating siege we aren't
getting even our basic rights
I was trying oh ma to work out how do I
explain to our international audience
what is it like to live in Gaza and then
right here is your pin tweet on your
Twitter feed and you do all the work for
us let's go through this what is the
Gaza blockade so you can't visit your
family outside Gaza tell us what that's
like
Omar I'm joining by the phone because
you know one of the Lessing's of the
blockade is having these ridiculously
very long power outages so I can't go
via Skype of course I mean locate is
something worth it sounds when you say
it you don't have any freedom of
movement and you know it's only the the
prevention of going out there
it will have been kind of okay but after
that also if you are a patient that is
critically ill and once believed out for
medication or treatments outside you
can't do that if you are a student that
gets straight A's and has like thousands
of pieces and Coler ship you can't get
out and then you know take that and
double it for all the people here
whether you're old or young you family
you want to get out for a vacation you
have an intensive older ship you're
dying
there's just no way out super fat and
it's it's not hard to imagine how this
resentment must build up and up and up
and up and then explodes every every few
months years where people in Gaza they
can't bear it anymore
is that what's happened with the great
return march as a matter of fact I'm not
describing this as a kind of explosion
and I'm not also going to describe what
happened what Israel does to Gaza every
two or three years as explosions because
this is Azrael systematically trying to
keep Palestinians in Gaza Strip most of
whom are refugees in their places so
every two or three years Israel decides
does just like that to kill a thousand
2,000 people just to remind Palestinians
that you can't even live in peace you
can't even demand a bit illogical you're
basically human human rights now this
created and much the very peaceful
nonviolent movement that had started
recently is a reaction to seven decades
of colonialism of imperialism of
occupation of death of destruction of
massacres Israel is not only occupying
Palestinians Azrael is the own daily
basis is suffocating us dehumanizing us
this is not a movement for for AIDS
although Gaza Strip is lacking in aid in
medicine and more
like Omar just said but this is a
political movement as well because about
70 percent of Palestinians in Gaza Strip
are refugees their towns the villages
were destroyed and depopulated by by
Israel even some of these villages are
still intact there they can go back but
Israel does not want Palestinians to go
back Israel and there's not one
Palestinian to fight back by any means
possible which proves something that
Palestinians have always been saying
Israel if it's not the means of
resistance that Israel is against Israel
is against the very existence of the of
the Palestinians does not want
Palestinians in Palestine Israel wants
us to push us into the sea and this is a
clear in the reaction to peaceful
non-violent demonstrators around Gaza
Strip Mario I'm just looking at some of
the pictures of the great return march
and I'm looking at peaceful protesting
when you look at these pictures when
you've been following what's been
happening how would you describe to the
world what's different this time it's
not so much as what's different we're
presenting this as an anomaly as
Palestinians you know being unarmed
going with their bare chests being
sniped down but Palestinians have been
using these tactics of unarmed
resistance for decades you it's been
used in the First Intifada
in the 80s it's been used even before
that in the 30s as a general strike it's
the call is always to this sense of life
what's new in the most recent two
decades is that Palestinians are
forfeiting factionalism their forfeiting
what the leaders are presenting in an
agenda and pushing their own goals and
their own voice and this is what's also
very empowering about this is that we're
reclaiming our narrative as Palestinians
what about the politicians how many
politicians involved in this this is
sometimes this has been been described
as a Hamas bat movement or a non
political move
mint did the people get out there in
front of the politicians the politicians
are running to chase out with the
movement this now what are you happening
well always the politicians what they do
is they they use Palestinian
mobilization as bargaining chips in the
end any Palestinian politician doesn't
really have any leverage when it comes
to Israel and it's always the people
that are putting themselves in the
forefront and on the front lines and
instead if you see whether it's the
Palestinian Authority or Hamas or
whatever political faction they
monopolize on Palestinian efforts and
they try to claim it as theirs and
what's what's very impressive now in
Gaza and elsewhere with Palestinians is
them saying no we're not going to use
this we have our demands and we're gonna
push forward with it Omar I have to show
people this tweet that you shared
recently a great return march I took
this video last Friday the scene was
fascinating the gathering unprecedented
men and women old young kids all were
defying Israeli terror and snipers all
hoping to return some guys reacted to
Israeli snipers and tear gas with stones
and slings I am gonna play this video
for our audience
this is the second Friday the first
right there I usually describe it as
celebration as a carnival our
Palestinians of all the ages of two
political colors all political beliefs
were gathering this is was not Hamas
movement this was not Palestinian
Authority movement this was popular
movement people who are celebrating the
kids were well dressed in their best
clothes the women the elderly people
everyone was in a festive mood so to
speak and only when little on like three
or four hours later when I listen to the
news I realized that it was shooting
people near the borders was actually
killing people and that was a surprise
to me and to so many people because
there was like two places with the
people who are gathering and celebrating
and the people near the waters were
being sniped and shot at by Wi-Fi device
right this is this video is an example I
showed so many videos people were just
standing why doing you know joking
around having fun you know talking about
return talking about stuff and then all
of a sudden Israel with these ideas
novels with dude a Palestinian randomly
would send their drones to throw tear
gas canisters so this is a clear video
this is very like 300 meters away from
the the reporters Palestinians even I
said this on Twitter that even with with
Dave Godley sling Palestinian stones
cannot reach the Israeli snipers again
this rail had to kill Palestinians so
that that Estonians are silenced and
muted forever Oman I'm just looking that
video and it looks chaotic therefore
what is supposed to be a nonviolent
protest and and how Israeli authorities
are treating it but as I'm watching this
I'm wondering what are the aims of the
protesters what are the aims of these
rallies
the cultural gatherings as many people
as possible being encouraged to come and
meet up together what are you trying to
do what are they trying to do they're
basically trying to only highlight the
right of return something that is being
pushed aside and you know people are
trying to discuss other political issues
and people are like no but we have the
right to return I think that most of
Gaza are refugees and people just assume
you know they're under blockade in God
but they're fine they don't miss home
they don't want to go back so it was
really something that was nonviolent
very peaceful very symbolic people
wanted to gather around celebrate being
do that pa women were actually like
baking bread there were playgrounds for
little children
it started us like something very
festive and you know people just wanted
to go to the border and look away at the
homes that they lost way back and you
know I saw also like criticism about
like all people Palestinians holding
keys they're not the real kids well
guess what
many people still have the keys of their
homes so it's not only symbolic but also
most of them are really the real keys
that they had so they only wanted to go
there to highlight a right that the
world is just you know silent
towards and very much ignoring and
wanted to say well yeah maybe Palestine
is going through a lot of things now
from you know occupation to speech the
internal division but people still want
the right of return and then you know it
was all dances and that key and like
people holding the flag and then as the
Rifat said a short time later you saw
blood being shed Jones making it rain
down with tear gas bomb nerve gas bombs
and you know snipers just pumping
Costigan's down and let's also highlight
that the snipers were meters away meters
the way it is occurring to me Miriam but
this is a very
dangerous rally it's supposed to be
nonviolent people are going out there
with meaning out there I saw children on
that video there's a little boy called
Muhammad who we got to know through
social media because he was using an
interesting way to stop the tea gas from
affecting him I've been told by many
friends who were Palestinians that
onions are very helpful if you eat them
you rub them on your your nose and your
eyes and and somehow it counts effects
the impact of the tear gas Mohammed was
known as the onion boy so I want to
introduce you the onion boy if you don't
already know him people in Gaza they
know this kid but have a look the rest
of the world Muhammad lunatic if you
come from
Miriam he is a sweetheart but this is
really this is dangerous people were
dying absolutely and and let's not you
know forget that behind this innovative
and these strategies that we're trying
to use to live that there's a population
that is being oppressed that is being
violently cracked down on and not just
in Gaza just last summer you had people
in Jerusalem and al-aqsa protesting in
prayer and they were also sniped down
you had martyrs you had injury and
afterwards you had activists arrested
and people from Jerusalem arrested so
yes Palestinians are innovative and yes
the children the women the men will go
out in the streets and they will try to
resist by any means possible because
people forget that the alternative is to
simply die silently is to be ethnically
cleanse it's
have your identity stripped from you in
the most gruesome and brutal way ever
and that despite all of this despite the
horrifying reality you have all walks of
life in Palestinian society still saying
I believe in life I believe in dignity I
believe in justice and I will go out and
get it
let's talk impact profit impact of this
particular rally this protest this
ongoing protests so far what have you
noticed what impact is it having I think
one of the most interesting things is
that Hamas is political party is
involved in in this kind of struggle
non-violent peaceful struggle and Hamas
is participating my cut is part post bit
in my Islamic Jihad life for
Palestinians without political
affiliation are participating Israel is
trying to use the fact that some of the
people it killed belong to one
particular political party and this in
many ways this is good to the March
itself to the Palestinian struggle in
general the fact that Palestinians would
belong to political parties to armed
Palestinian resistance wings that they
too chose to drop the weapons for a
while and participate with other
Palestinians March protest without
carrying their arms the fact that they
chose to do this is good for the
struggle and also good for Hamas because
everyone is pushing Hamas you know
towards a particular position where the
armed struggle is not the only means of
resistance and I can see that Hamas
along with Islamic Jihad and other put
it politically Semien political parties
going pushing towards this or choosing
this you know means of struggle as I'm
not that possible alternative this is
good but again Israel is using this to
demonize Palestinians and this again is
yet another proof that no matter what we
do Israel is not
to be happy with with us because Israel
is the occupier there colonizer
Palestinians occupy look at what Israel
is doing in the West Bank for the weekly
protests peaceful protests an alien and
that and blame Israelis killing people
and humiliating people look look at what
Israel is doing to BDS activists Israel
is also you know suffocating those
people preventing them even preventing
Jewish people involved in activism from
coming to Palestine so again I just have
to say this again it's not what we do
it's actually our very existence it's
interesting in fact you mentioned the
word demonize and
Charlaine T&E share this with with us on
Twitter said whose ways of the Israeli
and international media have gone out of
their way to demonize and discredit the
great return march given people no
context regarding how terrible life is
for the 1.8 million people Gaza or the
mass displacement when forced them to
move they're the leading human rights
organization Beth Salam is trying to end
the occupation we spoke to them a little
bit earlier on today to see their
comment about the great return march
this is what they told us
Israel is treating the protests in Gaza
as it has handled similar events in the
past meaning using lethal force in a
broad and unlawful way then issuing
legal interpretations which are
completely baseless but are designed to
justify the policy and then beginning a
process of whitewashing the crimes
almost immediately among other things by
declaring the opening of an
investigation which we know we know
meaningful results meaning will hold no
one to account I just want to remind
everybody who's outside of Israel and
the Palestinian occupied territories
what the map looks like so have a look
at the map and you'll see Gaza Gaza
Strip to one side and then you will see
the way that the territories are
actually split and I think it's
important for you to see that because
the fuse says a unified resistance
movement is next to impossible in
occupied Palestine if Yasser Arafat and
George has Berg couldn't unite
Palestinian resistance under one
organization I doubt if
we do so today Madigan force um I always
have a huge problem when anyone just
tries to criticize Palestinians and say
you know you're divided you're divided
the issue is not whether or not we can
unite and come together we have there's
a colonial strategy that is divide and
conquer the using and saying well
Palestinians can't unite is again just
placing it on the Palestinians the issue
that there shouldn't be an occupation we
should focus our narrative on talking
about how there is Israel is using the
military court system that it's using
laws that it's using violence and and
psychological warfare on Palestinians
it's not whether or not can Palestinians
unite there's no country in the world
where the people are a hundred percent
united we have a very clear goal and
that is liberation and living in dignity
and it should stop there and we should
start focusing the narrative that there
is a colonization happening here and it
should not be happening in in the 21st
century what do you think might happen
to the great we term archly activism the
people power that's being utilized over
the last couple of weeks after number
day then what let me go back to Marian's
point I totally agree like even divided
divided house Tinian agree on the same
call liberation dignity peace
decolonization and all that so don't
blame us for like occupation because we
didn't do it going back to the grace we
returned March I think people are still
gonna go there and you know demand their
right and so show the world that this is
a peaceful people's movement even if you
know Israel is trying to portray it as a
political move where some of the
Palestinian factions tried to hijack it
or take credit for something that they
didn't organize of course Palestinians
whether isolated to a certain faction
are not we're there but it's you know
the majority are just people families
you
no Palestinians that doesn't have maybe
a political background so they're gonna
still go there and they're gonna still
still demand their right and show that
you know Gaza you know of course
Palestine but then again because I exist
and people live here and we're not all
dangerous
just like Lieberman said and you know
violent clashes like the mainstream
media says this is a total force by
likely try to portray yes as much as a
part of the Hamas movement well yes and
motors have started a company funded by
US aid so do you think if yes there was
a part of Hamas that you would be able
to take a grant from the US aid and you
know they say it was trying to aspire or
whatever if you see his video it's only
from our side showing what's happening
here showing the kids showing the
families it's just ridiculous you never
have enough time to talk about what's
happening amongst Palestinians I've been
asked very quickly
everybody is this a new movement that
we're seeing Miriam is this a new
movement I'm absolutely not this is
building on years and decades of what
Palestinians have been doing new men in
the end no matter how we're resisting
the the point is that we are resisting
and in the end what should be in
question is not whether this is a new
movement or not not whether how
Palestinians should be resisting but the
fact that there should not be a
colonization happening on this line then
we just leave you with some pictures
this is these pictures were posted by a
fat and it just really made me just look
at how extraordinary life must be for
when women and children do this because
of where they live
thank you so much refactor marry a man
Omar for being part of our conversation
today of course we continue always
online on Twitter and YouTube and of
course al Jazeera comm /this stream see
you next time
you
