the production called Operation Legacy
begins with Grace Mugabe Zimbabwe's
former first lady insisting she can do
whatever she likes then Robert Mugabe
emerges accompanied by army generals who
tell the 94 year-old and grace they are
under house arrest the performers are
re-enacting what happened on November 15
when soldiers and armored vehicles
blocked roads to government offices
Parliament and the courts then President
Mugabe was confined his private
residence Zimbabweans massed in their
thousands demanding he step down
eventually the man who had ruled
Zimbabwe for 37 years was forced to
resign now that Mugabe is gone and Emma
Simon and Jaguar is president some are
tasting how far they can push the
boundaries false but the person is did
we speak out in years people watching
the play got a chance to laugh at
themselves and their country in the past
the government often criticized theater
productions and highlights a politically
sensitive issues some Zimbabwean say say
display indicates that things are
changing in the country from others on
social since Mugabe is removal a few
protests have been allowed junior
doctors and teachers marched demanding
more money there's always a line that
needs never to be crossed
you had subtle threats from the military
from the government that use this online
space responsibly in courts use the
media responsibly in courts
it's not yet clear how much creative
freedom Zimbabweans have Mugabe is fair
game because he's no longer in charge
where the people can openly mock the
current leadership is another story
hari Matassa al-jazeera hari
