it was the first nerve agent deployed in
Europe since the Second World War the
OPCW was ordered to carry out an
independent investigation into the
poisoning of ullians Sergei scruple last
month when they were found slumped in a
park in Salisbury Yulia was released
from hospital this week her father is
still receiving treatment while the OPCW
isn't responsible for finding out the
source of the chemical it didn't stop
the British Foreign Secretary Boris
Johnson from pointing the finger only
Russia has the means motive and record
the Kremlin has to give answers the
chemical identified is said to be of
high purity suggesting that only a
sophisticated laboratory could make it
that very mention of high purity is very
important it's very difficult to make a
highly toxic chemical to this high level
of purity without a lot of effort
normally you don't worry about some
impurities because they don't get in the
way of the major tasks that you're using
the chemical for which is to poison
someone so you only remove the
impurities if you're trying to make it
difficult for people to point the finger
back at you Russia has consistently
denied its involvement and the incident
set off a diplomatic tit-for-tat with
Britain it refuses to accept the
findings of the OPCW unless Moscow has
access to the test samples itself but
they're damn nashua if it's on Oprah we
confirm our official position that
Russia will not blindly accept any
conclusions in the Schiphol case until
Russian experts are given access to the
material of the OPCW investigation and
to the full range of real information on
this incident which London is in
possession of the Foreign Secretary has
said there is no other alternative about
who is responsible for the nerve agent
except Moscow the British government has
requested a special meeting with the
OPCW to discuss its findings and the UN
Security Council where Russia is a
permanent member will also hold a
meeting next week Kathlyn stencyl al
jazeera London
