the anti-war demonstrators were there
when Mike Pompeo arrived for his
confirmation hearing so too was a
cascade of tough questions from
congressional Democrats about the
Secretary of State nominees views on
North Korea we have a responsibility to
achieve a condition where Kim jong-un is
unable to threaten the United States of
America with a nuclear weapon the Iran
nuclear deal which Pompeo has opposed in
the past and if there's no chance that
we can fix it I will recommend to the
president that we do our level best to
work with our allies to achieve a better
outcome and a better deal and his
willingness to be a truth-teller not a
yes-man to US president Donald Trump
Republican Rand Paul who has already
promised to oppose Tom Hales nomination
some you're worried that you want to be
too much in agreement the president
actually where you're gonna be too much
in disagreement with the president but
Pompeo also faced tough questions about
what some call his anti-muslim views do
you have any views that the Muslim faith
or people who believe in worshipping
quote-unquote other gods is that just
something negative in our country hey
you can look at my record you don't have
to take my word for it here today my
record is exquisite with respect to
treating people of each and every faith
with the dignity they deserve and
Pompeyo even faced questions about the
president's alleged efforts to undermine
the special counsels investigation into
Russian meddling in the 2016 US
elections if the president were to fire
the special counsel or to interfere with
this investigation that would put the
rule of law genuinely at risk if that
were the case and if that happened would
you resign your post as Secretary of
State in order to demonstrate that we
are a nation of laws not of men my
instincts tell me now my instincts tell
me that my obligation to continue to
serve as America's senior diplomat will
be more important at increased times of
political domestic turmoil for nearly
five hours on Thursday Mike Pompeo tried
to be as diplomatic as possible about
his views before skeptical senators his
future now rests in
hands as they debate whether to forward
his nomination to be Secretary of State
to the entire Senate rosiland Jordan al
Jazeera Capitol Hill
