a deal to surrender and leave
over the last week thousands of
opposition fighters and civilians have
left Duma to revolt health areas in
northern Syria about 20,000 people have
gone to the northern province of it live
for many the pain of defeat is
overwhelming those on the opposite side
of the war celebrated the evacuations
the last rebel stronghold in eastern
buta now under government control is
covered in rubble all the entrances are
closed this mines inside I can't go in
I've been warned not to go anywhere you
can see the wires and other troubling
things they told me to wait a couple of
days until the street is cleared
evacuations out of Duma are a major
victory for Syrian President Bashar
al-assad and his ally Russia many of the
cities buildings and roads have been
destroyed there have been weeks of
intense bombings the takeover may have
been driven by an apparent chemical
attack in duma about 40 people were
killed hundreds were treated in
hospitals the syrian government says it
had nothing to do with it
while the russians deny such an attack
even happened however Western powers say
the Assad regime was to blame and some
including the US are considering a
military response under the evacuation
deal Russian military police are now
patrolling the streets a city in
transition as the Syrian government
keeps gaining ground
Katya Lopes other young al Jazeera
