like his trial the political downfall of
soon-jong tie was swift state television
showed a remorseful son confessing his
guilt just a year ago he was talked of
as a future Chinese leader on Thursday
the former Politburo member pleaded
guilty to a range of bribery charges
amounting to more than 27 million
dollars he told the court he seriously
violated the law but had received a fair
trial I deserved the punishment I am
guilty I'll accept whatever sentence I
receive son was dismissed from public
office and expelled from the Communist
Party in September that was just a month
before the Party Congress where
President Xi Jingping
was reappointed leader for a second term
without indicating a successor son had
been Party chief of Chongqing one of
China's fastest growing cities replacing
an even more flamboyant figure Bochy Lai
also once tipped as a future Chinese
leader Suns demise comes as President Xi
Jingping
intensifies his anti-corruption campaign
since it began more than five years ago
more than a million party officials have
been disciplined but son is one of the
most senior figures to have so far been
brought down
analysts say she's campaign is really
about eliminating political rivals
cincin had also been accused of plotting
against the leadership a conspiracy said
to have involved the country's former
security chief Jang Kang who was jailed
for life three years ago now son is
facing a lengthy imprisonment Adrian
Brown al-jazeera Beijing
