the Israelis seized their land the
livestock is gone and these multi storey
concrete buildings have replaced tents
21 years after being forced out of their
homes these men say all they have left
are memories of their Bedouin way of
life and we lost the freedom we had the
life we lived we still suffer till this
day we live in a place that was imposed
upon us what was once the Bedouin
community of Elmer ASUS is now home to
one of the largest illegal Israeli
settlements in the West Bank amaurosis
was demolished in 1997 how would someone
push you out of your home like thugs
it's a difficult feeling it's a feeling
the families of hano Akbar will likely
experience as well the Israeli army
plans to move them here to al-jabbar
they'll be forced to adapt from a
generations long tradition of raising
cattle to a kind of urban living what
was beautiful about that life it was
simple the old the young the girls
tended to the livestock we used to cover
a lot of the local Palestinian market
whether it was cheese yogurt or milk
Bedouins are tied to their land but this
land is putting more than 80 100 people
in the West Bank at risk of forcible
transfer according to the UN the
majority are refugees more than half are
children map expert Khalil tefik G says
46 Bedouin communities are standing in
the way of Israeli expansion that will
divide the West Bank it means that there
is no Geographic continuity there is
noble Athenian the state and in the same
thing 60 percent of the West Bank under
Israel control that's why these
notoriously closed Bedouin communities
have been coaxed into the spotlight
many believe they're one of the last
lines of defense protecting any hope of
a Palestinian state
Natacha guy named al jazeera elgible in
the occupied West Bank
you
