this road leads to the Syrian capital
Damascus al crime is the last Iraqi town
before entering Syria and also the last
place where ISIL fighters were pushed
out from that's why security forces here
keep an eye on who goes in and out the
term is secured by dozens of checkpoints
by army and ashed still there are small
ISIL groups which pop up here and there
trying to disrupt security and stability
of the town just a third of all crimes
quarter of a million residents remain
because of security concerns and slow
reconstruction we're waiting for basic
services to be restored but so far
nothing's happened we call on the
authorities to speed up their work to
bring us water and electricity everyone
knows that we have no services we depend
on private generators it costs $10 per
ampere and we can't afford it most of us
are unemployed and we can't find jobs
Iraqi forces know their long-term
success after isil's defeat depends on
providing solutions in these remote
towns and villages in a silly - fatal
camera the people witnessed isil's
destruction and atrocities that's why
it's key to strengthen the relationship
between the forces and locals we admit
that security forces sometimes have
flaws but the Ministry of Defense
intelligence and military establishments
are closely monitoring whoever tries to
do bad things and he created the
relationship between us and the people
the fear and lack of opportunities are
shared across unbar and Nineveh the vast
desert which was ruled by ISIL and even
in the greener pastures on the banks of
the Euphrates
these women told us that their relatives
went missing under ISIL and it's a
struggle every day to put food on the
table further upstream is the Syrian end
of the river Euphrates where ISIL
fighters still hold a few pockets the
Syrian democratic forces on that side
and the Iraqi security forces on this
end have been able to clear almost all
areas from ISIL but the question remains
whether they'll be able to maintain the
peace after winning the war this meter
fluctuates with the wind instead of
electricity the biggest challenge here
is rebuilding ISIL stripped underground
cables and power generators for copper
and brass now millions of dollars are
required to restart just this substation
which used to cater for three districts
and now CEO me @sn named people on a
daily basis keep asking us how we have
progressed in restoring the power grid
people are fed up from displacement and
want to go back home they want
incentives and hope this is only
achieved by getting power back people in
al time say electricity and water are
life and they need it desperately in
conversations their worries outweigh
their hope but in the end they say hope
is all they can hold on to Osama bin
Javed al Jazeera and climb on the
iraq-syria border
