a new case spotlights the tensions at
the border between US and Mexican
officials a Mexican official recorded
this cell phone video in March of 2017
it shows two uniformed u.s. Border
Protection agents escorting a disheveled
and apparently mentally disturbed man in
handcuffs up to the border at Calexico
California Mexican authorities on the
other side challenged them saying if the
man is a Mexican citizen he should be
properly repatriated through the Mexican
Consulate in the US after his identity
and nationality have been confirmed as
the US and Mexican officials argue the
man flails about and lays on the ground
one of the u.s. officers says the man
looks like he's Mexican but they do not
attempt to determine his identity as a
Mexican official points out that the man
has a knee injury the u.s. agent
repeatedly tries to make him go over to
the Mexican side
eventually the man gets up and the us
officers allow him to wander away
through traffic
the man was eventually left in a park on
the US side about a month later he was
hospitalized for observation and it was
determined he was in fact a Mexican
national at that point he was processed
and repatriated to Mexico Mexican
authorities filed an official complaint
over the incident after an investigation
that to US border agents were
reprimanded but not fired a spokesman
for the Border Protection Agency says
their actions were quote not consistent
with our normal procedures but he said
the video merely showed an isolated
incident a recent survey by an immigrant
advocates organization shows a quarter
of migrants interviewed reported abuse
or aggressive behavior by US border
officials rob reynolds al jazeera los
angeles
