Amnesty International says the global
pictures continuing to improve last year
they counted at least 993 executions
that's four percent fewer that in 2016
and 39 percent fewer than in 2015 and
there's been a marked drop in death
sentences passed at least 2,000 591 were
recorded in 2017 a yearly fall of 17%
but there's a major caveat these figures
don't include China amnesty says it's by
far the world's biggest executioner
carrying out thousands of death
sentences last year but statistics are
considered a state secret now
84% of all recorded executions took
place in just four countries Iran Saudi
Arabia Iraq and Pakistan Iran executed
at least 507 people last year more than
half the recorded global figure amnesty
says courts there often rely on
confessions made under torture when
passing death sentences and several
countries in the Middle East resumed
executions in 2017 after years of not
doing so one continuing practice that
amnesty calls disturbing is executions
for drug related offenses something
that's against international law we have
notice it being used by a lot of
countries Malaysia and Iran primarily
and Indonesia Singapore notice other
countries and this is contrary to some
of the obligations that this country
have the international human rights law
and standards and the fact that some of
these countries actually even now taking
steps to reform their own national laws
to align it with international laws and
regulation is it is a testimony to the
fact that they agree with us in the USA
the only country in the Americas
executing people the number of states
carrying out executions rose from 5 to 8
and while there was progress in
sub-saharan Africa Nigeria sentenced 621
people to death last year more than any
other country in the region so a mixed
picture an Amnesty International says
it's public campaign to get the death
penalty abolished will go on
