it's catching light it's catching a kind
of visible light which is very different
I don't know whether I catch dreams most
probably my own dreams my name is Kurt
Moser and I am the light catcher
I was born not very far away from here
really in the middle of the mountains on
1092 sea level if you grew up in these
mountains then of course you have a kind
of relationship to this month
these lands are beautiful they are here
since 200 millions of years and most
probably they will be here ordered 200
millions of years and when you go up
there you can feel it you're just a
little small person up there in the
middle of this immense huge nature
I spent 30 years as a cameraman I was
all over the planet working I think this
was something deep in me after shooting
in war zones and and shooting scenes
that you really should not see something
grows in you there's a deep need of
taking picture of something completely
different the exact opposite beauty
something like three years ago by
mistake I found or maybe she found me
this beautiful old camera that was
covered with blanket worth five
centimeters of dust on it
we took the blankets off and we
discovered this piece of history and I
restored it for four months and then it
worked there was this big question what
to do now with this camera I mean it was
really nice to look at but that's not
enough this camera was made for taking
pictures and not for being in a museum
I don't go to a shop and say I would
like to have these lands and I would
like to have this light meter and I
would like to have these filters nothing
exists so I have to look for everything
that I need in 1850 they found out about
this kind of photography the system on
this ancient photographic system I think
this was amazing I could not even
imagine that today somebody could invent
something like this so for me these guys
were heroes there are a huge amount of
error possibilities and you have to get
rid of one by one so the learning
process and it never stops you take a
black glass plate and you cover it with
collodion which is a substance made of
gun powder and powder and you put some
alcohol and ether in it and different
salts and then you pour it on the glass
plate it dries down and you bring it in
a silver but it completely absorbs the
silver crystals you expose it on the
camera friend and as soon as you have
done the picture you go back in your
darkroom immediately because you have
only five minutes and you have to
develop it if I make a mistake just by
one second that's kind of a catastrophe
when you've succeeded with your
developing then you fix it you wash it
and you varnish it it's a complicated
system sometimes I was on the edge of
saying I can forget about but then there
were photographers in 1850 they were
able to work with two systems of why
should I not be able so when the first
time a picture
I was kind of blown away to something
like wow it works it was kind of a
miracle now what I'm doing is one
photograph every three days and it's
just this one I can touch it I can feel
it it lasts for some hundreds of years
that's unbelievable in this kind of
times that we are living now I
photograph something that we don't see a
photograph some kind of invisible light
with UV light and that makes it very
interesting I think it's worth doing
this if you have this one picture in
front of you and you look at it then you
say okay that's why I do it
if I take her a portrait of his old
camera it takes me something like two or
three hours just to make it a light to
fix the camera to prepare the plates
perfect so I have a lot of time to speak
to these persons and I kind of learned
something of them you have this huge
camera in front of you you have these
really strong lights in front of you and
you are sitting there for a long time
that changes you you don't even try
anymore to have to smile for a second so
something very very sincere of your soul
comes out I wait exactly for this moment
and the reaction when people see their
portrait is Wow yes that's me but I have
never seen myself like this
I completely quit my job as a cameraman
and I'm focused and completely
concentrated on what I do just in this
photographic project other people still
don't understand what I'm doing and for
them it's completely crazy what I'm
doing and in a way they are right
because you kind of risk your whole
existence and just to follow a dream
there is no guarantee rather good work
I don't have any insurance I'm living my
life today because I have no idea if in
ten years and still alive I have to live
my life now my aim is not to send a
message to the world
I just tried to open a little bit the
eyes of most of people in a way it is a
love story yes in a way there's a love
story it's a kind of a crazy love story
you
