South Africans celebrate Winnie
Madikizela Mandela's extraordinary life
the contribution she made the country's
liberation struggle the forty thousand
capacity Orlando Stadium in Soweto was
not as full as expected but the
thousands who turned up sang and danced
honoring her bravery when Menuhin exile
in others like her husband in those who
knew her
because I up to the threshold don't
there is debate about how she should be
remembered she's accused of human rights
abuses during apartheid then afterwards
came a criminal conviction as well as
allegations of fraud many South Africans
say there has also been a lot of
propaganda to tarnish her name the most
important thing is to outsmart those
that are thinking they can destroy you
because you've come in with a commitment
to save her state funeral will be held
here in Soweto on Saturday this is a
hugely significant setting because
Soweto was at the very heart of the
struggle for the liberation of South
Africa and Winnie Mandela never left the
town joyful
apartheid so many people here relates to
the we need to emulate whatever it is
that she's a chief and we need to do
exactly what she did farewell mama we
love you we still wanna love you even
tomorrow even anything the government
has declared ten days of mourning that
will culminate in her burial on Saturday
Winnie Mandela will finally be laid to
rest at a Memorial Cemetery in
Johannesburg a woman who many say has
inspired them with her courage and
defiance Catherine soil al-jazeera
Johannesburg
