tomorrow Boadicea is nearly four months
into an 18-month recovery from the
moment he was shot by an Israeli sniper
he says he is the unarmed man in this
video shot last December apparently
through the sights of another soldiers
rifle as he falls the soldiers cheer in
celebration drive from his home in
northern Gaza is the area near the
separation fence where the shooting
happened the Israeli military says it
has the right to enforce a 100 metre
buffer zone on the Gaza side a right
unsupported in international law it says
the ban targeted was the suspected
leader of what it calls a two-hour
violent riot involving stone throwing
and attempts to sabotage the fence
Boadicea remembers it differently some
young people near the border were lying
on the ground they couldn't get out so I
came to protect them and ask them to go
back then the Israelis shot me an image
shot from the Palestinian side appears
to show a Boudicca
in red near the fence Gaza's Health
Ministry says one person was injured by
Israeli fire on the day in question the
22nd of December a budahas hospital
record shows treatment for a gunshot
wound on the same day he insists he was
in no way a legitimate target how am i
danger to the Israelis we were on our
land we didn't cross I was in the buffer
zone
I had no weapons in my hands I had
nothing what makes a budahas case
singular is of course the way it was
captured and the celebrations that
followed but it's not an isolated
incident by any stretch just over the
last couple of weeks hundreds of
Palestinians have been shot and injured
here in Gaza by Israeli fire since the
so called great March have returned
protests began on the 30th of March the
Health Ministry says Israeli forces have
killed 30 demonstrators and injured
1,600 with live fire many like our
Boudicca
shot in the lower leg often with
devastating consequences Israeli
military is promising disciplinary
action against the soldiers who shot the
video and whose celebrations it says did
not suit the degree of restraint
expected there will be no action against
the soldier who pulled the trigger
Israel has made it clear that targeting
unarmed protesters who approached the
fence remains official policy ahead of
the next round of protests on Friday
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
