people thought at first they were
suffering from a bad hangover but
doctors soon discovered it was much
worse those rushed to hospital just days
after buying drinks at a food stall at
organ failure and blurred vision more
than 100 people have died so far one of
them was 22 year old Harry sue Herman
who had just started working as a
motorbike taxi driver together with
other man in chicha Lanka he drank
liquor from a plastic bottle for around
two u.s. dollars the cheapest and only
drink available he and two of his
cousin's died hello miss Alma
Ola this drink should not be sold if it
was up to me I would kill the person who
make this that's how I feel right now if
I would meet him he has taken my son's
life police have started raiding food
stalls and small shops where illegal
drinks are being sold Indonesia with a
majority Muslim population as restricted
sales of alcohol it's also increased
import taxes on liquor in the past few
years but each year hundreds died after
drinking bootleg booze including foreign
tourists and this is what the victims
have been drinking police are still
trying to find out what exactly it is
made of but investigators believe it
contains methanol a toxic chemical used
instead of the usual alcohol in this
case it's probably mixed with energy
drinks to give it its flavor some other
things have been found containing
mosquito repellent we filmed this
producer making illegal drinks in 2015
mixing ethyl alcohol used to disinfect
wounds with caffeine and a chemical
colouring substance despite an increase
in demand he has since stopped
Parliament has been discussing a bill to
partially ban alcohol in Indonesia but
researchers are found that since alcohol
sales have been restricted death due to
bootleg drinks have doubled in Indonesia
there's actually not necessary to
to ban alcohol because consumption is
one of the lowest in the world the
problem is those who want to consume
alcohol they need alcohol that is safe
so the more urgent issue for the
government now is to make sure
unrecorded alcohol is suppressed and
more recorded alcohol should be make
more affordable and more accessibility
lawmakers are still debating how
far-reaching the alcohol ban should be
they hope that with a partial ban police
will crack down harder on those who
produce and distribute illegal drinks
but villagers in chichi Lanka say
drinking cheap spirits has become a
habit and a way to escape the daily
struggle to make a living
they say clamping down on the black
market will be difficult as long as
there's a demand for affordable alcohol
stop fastened al-jazeera Ciccia lanka
west java
