Uganda
our country of spectacular beauty
but a place where history still haunts
the presence the streets of Kampala
crowded and often chaotic
it's a busy capitol city
on the surface things are said to be
doing well here
a country in economic recovery but
beneath the surface things aren't so
rosy
this story's about Uganda's Asians
in 1972 the infamous dictator Idi Amin
stole their property and threw thousands
of them out of the country including my
own parents now decades later some
nations are returning to reclaim their
lost fortunes
I've come here to discover my own roots
and to try to understand how the horror
of what happened here 35 years ago
cannot be forgotten
I'm on the East Mile Road a road named
after my family the East miles Ugandan
Asians who had made this country home
for generations
in fact 35 years ago my parents just
married traveled this very road to begin
their new lives in their new home right
over there
my mother and father on their wedding
day
they had their whole lives in front of
them and both had big plans for the
future
I had a big dream that I would be living
in a big places and all that you know
nice housing there was a nice life you
know and you can be used to go out you
know nightly so I thought I will do it
more because when you're not married
you're not allowed to go out that much
so I had all those dreams that after
marriage I can do all those things
but within two weeks of my parents
wedding their dreams would be shattered
if I see the minister is covered
automatically I kick you out of my
office because I know that you have got
something wrong with you
Idi Amin Uganda's 1970s president the
so-called killer of Kampala a man whose
political opponents turned up dead in
the streets
in August 1972 Amin set a dream left and
convinced that the root of evil in his
country was the presence of 80,000
Asians people like my mom and dad he
ordered them out giving them just 90
days to leave the country my father has
never forgotten the fear mixed with
disbelief of those moments it was
frightening it was really unbelievable
that this could happen it didn't really
sink didn't really say it was impossible
it would not you know but you know like
everything else when something comes up
you totally want to deny it or you want
to just say to yourself
can't be true I can't believe it you
know I said just he's just talking you
know because we lived there for such a
long time you know you could never
expect that somebody just comes and tell
you that you are going you know so I
never thought this would happen
but my parents seem realized that this
was all too real as threats of rape
torture and murder spread quickly
through the Asian community the great
exodus began people were told to get out
and get out fast they could take just
two suitcases and fifty pounds cash Amin
told the soldiers that it was open
season on Asians no one was safe as my
parents soon found out one Sunday in the
evening I mean soldier apparently came
to the house up in a truck he had
machine gun with him he came into the
house and of course we she told
everybody to come into the lounge I was
in my bedroom my wife was there my
sister and my brother and he pointed the
gun at me here in my bed and he says
look leave the women here and we want
you to go to the police station which
was at the bottom of the rod to report
and he was supposed to leave the women
here
now obviously we were frightened because
the guy who was drunk on something his
intentions were malicious there was
nothing we could do
malicious intentions almost certainly
meant rape my mom and my aunt were so
terrified they hid in a laundry room
ready to protect themselves with
anything on hand I was holding that eye
and I said if he comes in if he does
anything to her I might put the whole I
know you know and I was just standing it
I bit my mouth all open we didn't wanted
to really when because I thought if we
creating my tears you know in this
climate of fear my parents and thousands
of others raised to beat the deadline
there were 21 roadblocks every blocks be
stopped they were looking for people I
don't if they were looking for me or
they were looking for some other people
for every roadblock we stopped the
soldier would get in with a gun and tell
us to open our luggage whatever he could
do he do by the time we got at the
airport there was a very much left
in fact for many the last time they saw
their luggage was at the check-in
counter the air hostess took us into the
the Roman distilled us to see what we
are taking in us or everybody was strict
to check us what we are taking in us we
were supposed to take two suitcases but
on our flight they always nest one
suitcase so we were in England with just
one suitcase with much of the world
still ignoring the expulsion most of
Uganda's asians lost their homes
businesses and property my parents
eventually settled in Canada but part of
who they are never left these were the
possessions the memories of the place I
could see where my father used to go to
the mosque a very to see it I could see
where my mother is buried but my brother
is buried all those things he took away
and it was painful
now suddenly I find myself staring at
the family home 35 years after my
parents were forced to leave
this is where their hopes ended
I walked the halls my parents walked the
halls I might have learned to walk in if
Idi Amin hadn't had that dream
that house was my house we were seven
brothers and five sisters seven houses
were all built for my brothers you know
and it was nice we had built it some of
the happy you know memories are there
some of the children were born there and
it is said sometimes I see picture what
it has been what has been done to this
property with shameful
this house belongs to my parents only
yeah they left in 1972 it doesn't take
long for me to realize that the people
that live here today have no idea about
the history of this home and they don't
seem to care either
without the Asians expertise in business
the Ugandan economy suffered even though
Idi Amin had accused them of exploiting
Uganda's resources Asians have kept
themselves apart as a closed community
and have refused to integrate with
Ugandan Africans the main interest has
been to exploit the economy of Uganda
Africans they have been milking the
economy of the country I can see you
know if had we done something to the new
candles or if we were unfaithful or as
he calls it making the cow I mean how
could we be milking the carpet we had
shoe factories business is their
plantations housing estates
whatever we earned was being plowed back
into the economy each had taken my
father so many a save his life name to
build businesses and to leave that and
to be thrown out and to be amused you
know it's very difficult
my parents never came back and never
will but thousands of others did hoping
to find their beloved country as it once
was
Idi Amin is long gone but many other
things have also changed the returning
Asians may have been able to reclaim
their wealth but for many that success
has been mixed with fear the sins of
Uganda's past have spilt into its future
Uganda and the postman years has come a
long way
malicious dictatorships of the past are
gone there is democracy and a fragile
recovery is underway the government has
made some smart decisions
in 1991 it started asking the Asians to
come home offering those who were
banished their property and businesses
back
it has been a stunning reversal of
policy and an admission of failure so
why did the new government change the
rules simple really the economy Uganda
had suffered without the Asians and
there's smart and successful business
know-how if you want you economy to
recover you should remember that there
are people who run the economy of this
country why not allow them to come back
and participate in the recovery of the
economy and then true I think President
Museveni knew hundreds still knows that
these Asians were you can and most of
them the motivation that were expert
where you gardens this properties belong
to them so he had to come and give it to
them and of course there must have been
pressure from the international
communities
mohamad hovel was only five years old
when his family was kicked out of Uganda
they lost everything including their
Rose farm when he returned nothing was
the same basically this whole entire
place was bush the houses behind here
we're all dilapidated the factories had
goats inside chickens and a half the
roofs were not existent and we basically
had to go in and rebuild and rebuild he
did with great success Mohammed is now a
millionaire
well he's glad to be back he's blunt
about the mess the country was and is
still in Uganda lost everything you know
the place was called the pearl of Africa
it was absolutely fantastic
there were perfectly manicured lawns the
streets were fantastic this country was
beautiful but at the end of the day
forget all the aesthetics there was a
immense brain drain here the hospitals
have gone too you know the dogs so to
speak the education system was born on
and now it is basically non-existent is
going to take probably two more
generations just to rebuild the society
here as a whole
thousands of Asians like Muhammad hoga
have returned to Uganda to reclaim
property many have done well
but as I walk through downtown Kampala
I'm puzzled by the fact I rarely see any
there are virtually no Asians on the
streets when I get to the busy
marketplace
I hear people jeering at me Indians go
home they say I was shocked but perhaps
I was being naive just a few months ago
Rocky gunman's began writing breaking
into Asian businesses and even feeding
some Asians to death it was an ugly
racist reminder of a terrible past
I feel that tension in the streets a
clear resentment towards the Asians and
it's not uncommon I knew but it was also
good for your gardens and now after the
Indians went started coming you see they
can you see the equation US economy card
so you can estimate immunity we see
there they are saying that they
investors become as and vistas are it
invest in a very local local businesses
which we can do
like my parents goals are enamine Shuji
have just married when they were kicked
out of Uganda in that summer of 1972
now they're back and running a very
successful organic farm but it hasn't
been easy and the constant reminders of
the past have kept others from even
trying as far as the return is go I I
don't think many have come back because
some with such good lives and such
success stories in the West you have not
come back some have not even come to
visit I think that for some it was such
a bad bad nightmare that they don't even
want to come back and think about this
country
and there are times goals are as
confidence is tested - I asked her to
come with me to the home she fled in
1972 she'd never been back
she was hesitant at first but then she
started reliving old memories her
marriage those few days in the house
and finally been forced out as I was
just coming up here I did remember my
wedding day being welcomed here by my
mother-in-law
suddenly the new owner turned up and was
not happy
in fact she was angry and wanted us off
the premises right away
we left four goals are it was a second
time she's been unwelcome inside these
walls it's moments like this the fear of
what was and what could be again that
makes it hard for goals are and her
husband to really consider this place
home they cannot be forgiven as much as
you try they cannot be forgiven number
two at the very back of your mind when
you read a lot of things in pepper
nowadays you say is it ever going to
happen again
or not so will Uganda's Asian population
have a future in this country will the
two races ever be able to bury the past
the Asian community in Uganda believed
an exclusive life where they had been
given a rank in our society as
second-rate citizens of course the beach
were the first ones then the Asians the
second-rate citizens and the blacks were
the third right citizens they underrated
the Africans the Africans worked did a
dirty work
you know when the Asians were here
working for the Asians and some of them
have come back came back I think with
the same mentality of thinking that
probably they above the African they are
still better business persons than the
Africans but then they found I think the
situation is a little bit different and
so it was in a wire you these nations
are there in businesses and in the day
to day life the ghost of Idi Amin still
hovers over this city and country even
though he's long gone
his son is very much here
de Banamine is a former rebel leader
he's now a major player in Uganda's
Secret Service the organization his
father used to maintain his reign of
terror some here predict the son could
even be the president himself one day
I've been trying to meet with him for
days Tabata mean is a big man just like
his father
even looks a bit like him too finally I
was getting my chance
my parents are their Asians and they
were in you guys they were in Uganda
what they told me is that they were
expelled from the country and I think I
need to expel that we gave them he told
them listen new people we this is Uganda
this is rotation because Indians were
running everything in the town you can't
find a black man in a shop you just find
a black man there boy doing that works
and the Indians were the owner of the
country which is wrong nobody can let
anybody come and joke in his land so the
old man told these people ok you have a
solution or two to go away or to change
your nationality you see this is the
thing people don't understand you never
explain explain to them he said you
change your nationality you start your
life also in the village like everybody
started then you comes from the small so
I'll become a millionaire
after a life of growing up learning to
hate Idi Amin would happen in my time
together with his son came as a surprise
to me despite the overwhelming evidence
DeBaun Amin was still in a state of
denial about his father's abhorrent
policies but let's not forget what Idi
Amin's legacy really was I think was the
most shameful spectacle on Uganda's
tuition will take many many years to
build what she destroyed that's the
legacy as far as I'm concerned that I
think of the man if you talk to some
others who for example benefited from
which buying these Asian properties then
they say I mean what a wonderful person
I mean created an ethic that you don't
need to work to get anything and that is
because which he lived for Samoa
many Asians have returned hoping for a
better life but instead there's a
constant undercurrent of uncertainty fed
by feelings of resentment on the part of
many black Uganda's and it seems to
linger everywhere I often look at that
old wedding picture of my parents I
stare at their smiling faces and try to
imagine the plans they must have had in
kampala it has been a difficult struggle
my entire life I've witnessed the quiet
yet very evident bitterness they share
about what they left behind
I would love to raise my family and you
can I'm still sentimentally connected to
Uganda I would love to go to Uganda
I hear friends in Uganda but there are
things that are stopping me to go there
I am looking for security there is no
God to be transparency there has got to
be accountability that is where I was
born and once you are in Uganda that
blood is in you and it's very difficult
to explain
difficult to explain perhaps but not any
longer for me I've seen where the dream
was lost so many of the old divisions
still remain on that side Uganda is a
beautiful country but it's still looking
for its future
you
