the class of 98 hold their reunion at
Queen's University Belfast the men and
women who made peace a day to celebrate
the dramatic reduction in violence the
Good Friday Agreement brought to
Northern Ireland but what else the
devolved government that was an
essential component of the agreement has
not functioned in over a year
we're live in the real world one key
player insisted peace is not at risk the
institution's will be back in place the
good Freddy agreement remains the Accord
which is going to gauge politics in this
island and Arrangements in those items
and relationships from the sound into
the prophecy about Jesus why I think the
future is very bright from the opposite
side of Northern Ireland's divide
another key player said Britain's
withdrawal from the EU should not damage
the agreement perhaps it is one thing
agreement completely different there is
no interaction between them at all but
what is happening at the moment as some
people are trying to use brexit to
undermine the agreement and I hope that
they are unsuccessful in doing so later
the chief negotiator from the United
States Senator George Mitchell and
former President Bill Clinton were
honored with the freedom of Belfast I
will always be grateful that I came to
Belfast when peace had been made but the
city was still troubled when wise and
good and decent people had to actually
make a decision to do the right thing to
be the right sort of person to give
children the right sort of future it was
a fortunate wind that blew me here one
of the lessons of the Good Friday
Agreement was that outside pressure was
needed
Easter Northern Ireland that's what's
being celebrated here today many people
in Northern Ireland today feel that that
outside pressure that outside engagement
is no longer there and that brings
newest
it was a time when as the Irish poet
Seamus Heaney wrote hope and history
rhyme an elusive harmony that can never
be taken for granted
Barnaby Philips al-jazeera Belfast
