ditching his favorite great t-shirts for
a suit this was a polished Facebook CEO
with a performance to match
Mark Zuckerberg apologized for the
massive data breach that impacted 87
million users worldwide we didn't take a
broad enough view of our responsibility
and that was a big mistake and it was my
mistake and I'm sorry but the importance
of disappearance was not lost on one
senator there should be a wake-up call
for the tech community we want to hear
more without delay about what Facebook
and other companies plan to do to take
greater responsibility for what happens
on their platforms the core issue was
summed up with one question from
Democrats or big turban mr. Zuckerberg
would you be comfortable sharing with us
the name of the hotel you stayed in last
night no
Mark Zuckerberg was called in front of
the Senate after it was discovered
millions of users data was improperly
obtained by uk-based political
consultants a Cambridge analytic ah they
used that information to target ads to
help Donald Trump's presidential
campaign and the brexit referendum in
the UK the Facebook founder says steps
will be taken to ensure such a data
breach can never happen again but one
senator asked if he was ready to follow
through on that promise I believe you
have all the talent my question is
whether you have all the will to help us
solve this problem yes senator do you
believe the European regulations should
be applied here in the US regardless of
whether we implement the exact same
regulation I would guess that it would
be somewhat different because we have
somewhat different sensibilities perhaps
the most contentious exchange ki-moon
Republican Ted Cruz accused Facebook of
political bias are you aware of any ad
or page that has been taken down from
Planned Parenthood senator I'm not but
let me just move on org sorry
how about moveon.org I'm not
specifically aware of those about any
Democratic candidate for office I'm not
specifically aware I mean I I'm not I'm
not sure Mark Zuckerberg revealed
Facebook is looking into potential
Russian links to the Cambridge analytic
a breach and also that the come
pony has cooperated with special counsel
Robert Mueller who's investigating
possible collusion between the Russians
and Donald Trump's presidential campaign
Mark Zuckerberg spent the weekend
preparing for this appearance and it
showed he'll no fees members from the US
House at a separate hearing on Wednesday
with the threat of greater regulation
for the entire tech industry standing on
the other side of that performance Allen
Fisher al Jazeera on Capitol Hill
