yet another Security Council session on
Syria and yet another veto the 12th
exercised by Russia since the conflict
began 12 members were in favor of a
us-led proposal to set up an independent
body that would investigate chemical
attacks and identify perpetrators lavato
Road reconstitute and similarly this is
a moment of truth the vote that we are
faced with today so I would call upon
each of the members of the Security
Council speaking on behalf of France to
take proper stock of what is at stake
here and to live up to their
responsibilities and to thus vote in
favor of the American draft resolution
as a day one the council continued to
splinter a Russian proposal for an
investigative mechanism fails to get the
nine votes needed to pass the u.s. not
even needing to veto and an explanation
of how it differed in two ways from the
us-led resolution the key point is our
resolution guarantees that any
investigations will truly be independent
Russia's resolution gives Russia itself
the chance to choose the investigators
and then to assess the outcome there is
nothing independent about that the tone
of discussion was no less acerbic than
in previous sessions the russian
ambassador repeating his assertion that
the US and its allies were seeking a
pretext to take unilateral action
against the Syrian government if you
take the decision to carry out an
illegal military adventure and we do
hope that you will come to your senses
well then you will have to bear
responsibility for yourselves what
you're trying to do is plant a
resolution that has been on the shelf
for a long time in order to find a
pretext in the course of the session all
members expressed support for the
fact-finding mission of the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
or OPCW which will investigate this past
weekend's alleged attack the key issue
though while the OPCW is empowered to
establish whether or not a chemical
attack took place it has no mandate to
identify the States
or non-state actors that may have been
responsible a second Russian proposal
failed to pass an apparently
non-controversial resolution supporting
the work of the OPCW failed to get the
necessary votes
those opposed pointing off the chemical
watchdog was already at work
arguing such a resolution was
superfluous and at the end of this day
so - it appears was a Security Council
Mike Anna al Jazeera United Nations
