Shanghai's dramatic skyline is a symbol
of the economic reforms that began in
China 40 years ago but President Xi
Jingping chose another part of the
country to announce a deepening of those
reforms the setting for his speech was
the bow al forum on the island of Hainan
a key diplomatic event and so the
perfect setting for an important policy
announcement
an announcement that sought to soothe
foreign investors now worried about a
trade war between China and the United
States this year we will significantly
lower the import tariffs for vehicles
and also reduce tariffs for some other
products we will work hard to import
more products that are competitive and
are needed by our people she wouldn't
say how big the cuts would be or when
they would happen but reducing such
tariffs are one of President Trump's
main demands and the Chinese leader may
have had Trump in mind when he warned
against a Cold War mentality and
protectionist policies that disadvantage
China warmest year on five outwards yeah
we hope that the developed countries
will stop imposing limits on normal and
reasonable trade of high-tech products
and lift the export control of high-tech
products to China
cue the applause from an audience that
included world leaders appreciating
perhaps the irony the China's Communist
Party now sees itself as a pillar for
free trade the President's speech was
big on promises but vague on detail but
his words seemed to be consider tarry
and there appeared to be a message to
the United States and others concerned
about Chinese trade practices President
Xi promised to protect intellectual
property rights another major area of
concern in Washington the further
attempt to present China as the
responsible rules abiding member of the
global trading system Adrian Brown
al-jazeera Shanghai
