it's the new northern island where
tourists come from across the world to
take selfies in an avenue of beech trees
because it features in the hit TV series
Game of Thrones northern island scenery
talent affordability and yes even its
divisive history to make for a booming
film industry none of this could have
happened without peace says this busy
location manager I've had discussions
about four jobs in the last week in
Northern Ireland all significant jobs we
are so so busy there are huge companies
coming here and I that you would never
have dreamed twenty years ago companies
that otherwise would never ever have
dreamed becoming to what was considered
to be a war zone so it's night and day
there the change in the last 20 years is
night and day the troubles the pictures
look grainy these days but in Northern
Ireland of all places in the past ever
be a foreign country central Belfast is
transformed nobody comes into the city
fearing that they'll get caught up in a
bomb attack and yet you don't have to go
very far from here to see how divided
this society still is the first
residential streets we come to a
Protestant enclaves
surrounded by Catholic streets yes
people still define neighborhoods in
those terms still live behind what they
call peace walls are still so fiercely
tribal my guide from a party connected
to Protestant paramilitaries we could go
back to the bad old days it would be
naive to think that that could never
happen so there is a certain resilience
there's a real
I think substantial bit of work has been
done here Northern Ireland real progress
is made but there still is a fragility
to it Belfast has regenerated Docklands
the Titanic museum and yet Northern
Ireland has not had a government for
over a year because of feuding between
the pro-british DUP and the Irish
nationalist shin Fane
this politician from a moderate
nationalist party worries where all this
will lead that's the situation we're in
now you that basing those parties are at
arm's length and if you like with
daggers drawn and it means that the
political support that we need to build
the prosperity just isn't available and
then there's brexit some fear with the
potential to inflame those issues of
identity which the Good Friday Agreement
has helped contain twenty years is a
long time and yet not long enough to
take progress for granted
