Zab it's fortified walls and minarets
have stood for more than a thousand
years but the war during the last three
years has left its mark on less concern
continued fighting between the saudi-led
coalition and Houthi rebels could damage
the town's archaeological sites beyond
repair some of the bombing around the
city of zhabin and inside the city of
zaba resulted in damage of some building
ceilings and wall cracks and we as a
public body to preserve the historic
cities cannot do anything sabot was
Yemen's capital between the 13th and
15th centuries it's it's south of
today's capital sana in an area largely
controlled by Luthi revels it's also
close to the main highway linking the
port of her data and the city of ties a
crucial supply line where there's been
some of the heaviest shelling the town's
heritage was already under threat before
the war began in 2014 the UN's cultural
agency had placed Sabaton a danger list
almost 20 years ago more than a third of
its ancient buildings had been replaced
by ones made of concrete and recent
bombing has any made things worse
mother I'm sure yet the bombing of
Shakya restaurant affected our houses
they cracked and some was lent because
of the shelling when's abbot was Yemen's
capital 700 years ago the town's Islamic
university was known as the Oxford of
the East a reference to one of the
world's famous universities in the UK
those glory days are gone but
conservationists don't want what's left
of the ancient city to disappear
completely Barbara and OPA Al Jazeera
