Norrish Amba nama used to be very
certain about which political party he
supports not anymore
the businessman who lives in the
southern jaw or state says it's getting
harder to make a decent living the price
of making goods the price of making
services is no longer at that that level
is up and then the cost of making money
is higher but the cost of living becomes
higher Malaysia's economy grew by 5.9
percent last year but rising living
costs has become a concern for many
people here have returned for the ruling
party to power in every single election
but in the past couple of years the
opposition coalition has been gaining
steady support the ruling Barisan
Nasional Coalition has been in power
since independence more than 60 years
ago but lost at the popular vote for the
first time in 2013 since then the Prime
Minister Najib Razak has been caught up
in a corruption scandal surrounding
Malaysia's state investment fund known
as 1mdb
more than four and a half billion
dollars has allegedly been
misappropriated from the fund set up by
Najib Malaysian police and the Attorney
General have so far not found any
evidence of wrongdoing but Najib and his
allies are said to be facing the
strongest challenge former Prime
Minister Mahathir Mohamad is leading the
opposition coalition's bid the 92 yield
veteran politician fell out with Najib
over 1mdb
and has returned to politics to try to
oust him but political analysts say
unseating the incumbent will be tough
the ruling party here you know have been
in power for so long and they've kind of
mastered the art of managing the
competition and also working with the
rules so that it helps them you know
when it's needed in the last few weeks
the government redrew the electoral
boundaries in a way opponents say gives
it an unfair advantage there's also a
new law to ban so-called fake news which
critics say is an attempt to stifle
dissent
more recently Mahathir opposition party
has been ordered to deregister for 30
days because of missing paperwork
Florence lui al Jazeera more
Juho State Malaysia
