revolutionary a rebel mother Africa just
a few of the ways that winning
Madikizela man delle has been described
over the years the South African
politician the iconic anti-apartheid
activist died on April the 2nd at the
age of 81 and since then there has been
a fierce debate about her legacy you
know South Africans continue to remember
mama Winnie as she was called we
explored how her activism shaped the
country's political landscape I'm Malika
VLAN and I'm family okay right now
you're in the stream we're live on
al-jazeera and on YouTube so you can put
your questions and comments in YouTube
chat to us tweet us at hashtag AJ stream
or where do our very best to get all of
those comments into the Dasia one of the
strongest women in our struggle who
suffered immensely under the apartheid
regime who was imprisoned who was
banished who was treated very badly
separated not only from her husband but
from a children as well and her people
but notwithstanding all this she remains
strong she remained determined she was
courageous that was South African
President Cyril Ramaphosa speaking about
the death of Winnie Madison Kehler
Mandela Roma Pozzo called Mandela a
gigantic tree and for many South
Africans she is a hero whose fight
against apartheid made her a pillar of
the movement but to a critics Mandela is
a divisive figure she's been described
as a bully who engaged in corrupt and
criminal activity to achieve her goals
Mandela's actions during apartheid
awarded her a fair share of detractors
even within her ANC party but news of
her passing prompted people to pay
tribute to her distinction as mother of
the nation online many used hashtag I am
Winnie Mandela and she didn't die she
multiplied and also all black with a
Duke or headscarf
to pay homage to her life's work dr. e
tweets patriarchy is humbled during
these ten days of mourning they tried to
erase her we invoked her spirit like
never been seen before so what is
winning Mandela's enduring legacy
joining us now via Skype in Johannesburg
Lyubomirsky Lai is an actor writer and
poet mum's alma mater is also an actor
as well as a UN HCR ambassador liberal
Han picot is a senior research fellow at
the trade collective as an economic
policy think tank and in London Pascal
lamb sure is a filmmaker who directed a
Winnie that's a documentary about
Mandela's life currently available on
Netflix
hello ladies it's good to have you all
together level can you tell us one
little story about a relationship that
you have with Winnie Mandela that
explains so much about her personality
what story would you tell us Wow I
remember drum magazine she was honored
as the icon of the last 50 years for
drum and she stood up on stage and said
there is no pain I have not experienced
and Jill went through my body because
how much does a human being have to
endure to be able to say those kind of
words with authority Winnie Mandela
experienced some of the most harrowing
suffering that any human being could
ever endure it was it was it they made a
sport out of trying to take away the
dignity and and continue to try to make
a sport out of trying to erase her
legacy and her contribution but in the
face of that she she stands tall she
stands with truth she burns the
conviction and she lived in my odds of
South African people and be seen that in
the last week news AMA I'm hearing some
recognition that's resonating with you
because why absolutely I think for me
she's always symbolized an oak tree
you know unshakeable unmovable and so
resilient in not only the mission but
also in knowing just how important her
her voice has been you know for me I can
only hope okay wherever she stood my
feet the Mo's that her mission is great
and really done there's nothing that she
has not done for the people of this
country I said in an article that I just
wrote I said when we stand tall
amongst other nations let us say that we
are the people of Winnie Madikizela man
gala we are her people you know and and
thank you to South African women for
honoring her in the ten days of mourning
for honoring her spirit for for for for
crushing and silencing the loud voice of
patriarchy it is nowhere to be found and
that was the true spirit of the woman
that we are in mourning all so you
celebrate life actually you know nomes
amo you are you mentioned the patriarchy
and your your remembrance of her and
that's something that has come up a lot
so I want to share a remembrance from
someone on Twitter who had the pleasure
of meeting her they've changed their
handle to we are Winnie but they write
I've had numerous personal interactions
with mama that are endeared her to me in
a special way going to the auntie
conference in 2006 I was amongst vocal
and beki supporters one Sunday in her
house she said to me binding your voice
and being true to your convictions is
paramount in politics I loved her so man
character as a woman especially who had
to learn to stand her ground being often
shadowed overshadowed by men Nabu Han I
wanted to wreck this to you that that
idea of being overshadowed and in her
role as a leader maybe not getting the
accolades that some believe she deserved
label gun you've got to level Khan so
there's level heart echo and then
there's knee level they go answer that
question
so I think the whole idea of women in
struggle is on that contested anywhere
in the world and we've always been
forced into binaries it's either she's
the wife a person is a wife a daughter a
mother and and a lot of the politics
that we have seen is really steeped in
in modeling modeling politics and I
think that what we deserve it really
diminishes the role and the function of
women as social agents as change agents
as revolutionary political agent and I
think that this is you know Melanie
epitomized it in so many ways and I
think secondly the thing with with with
noms amo Madikizela is is memory and
visibility and I have always contested
that memory is one of the most important
tools of insurrection the right to
remember and the right to recognition
the right to recognize what even what is
not and the right to multiple ways of
memory is extremely important so what we
have seen is that you know rather than
wanting to have multi linear ways of
remembrance we want things that are neat
and hiding that are put in boxes people
are either good people or bad people
that either think or they're sinners
they either heroes and they're villains
and that's not life and that's not
struggle and that's not politic that's
not real history is littered with people
great you know amazingly amazingly
mediocre people morally who did
fantastic things and vice versa
and I think that what we try to do what
what is the worst injustice is try to
put somebody into this horrible box
rather than allowing them to speak for
themselves not only during their life
but also from beyond the grave and this
kind of false piety and the state a
media is really really very
disempowering and it's open and
democratic it assumes that there's only
one way of recalling and one way of
remembering in the state in this on this
occasion has been part of the repository
of hope memory and and very narrow
memory particularly now in the role of
women let's start it now and they go
look our Guardian never hang what's the
false memory
what's the false memory that you've been
you've been hearing and other possibly
the attempt to try to put somebody in a
box to try to erase the role of others
to try to attempt the example you're
talking in general this is very specific
you'll see in saying false memory so
what's happened in the last week that's
been a false memory of Winnie Mandela oh
they're many I mean I think I can only
use I can only read one example one
example is a picture that appeared on
the web and I think like many people the
last week or so I was trolling through
YouTube and news repositories and online
to try and make sense of all of this as
a retreat she would to meet men on Gamow
on a couple of occasions and and she was
very mesmerizing figure and and there's
a picture of her where she is sitting at
the TRC with some donkeys mother and
don't be mad at these mother and I think
that us but that's really really
important and she had she's sitting with
his little sister on her lap and these
three the two women - mother - figure -
- very iconic struggle icons in
different ways mmmm wickedly as a as a
at a community level sitting comfortably
and for all the vilifications that
Melanie had to endure regarding them so
let me just help with our international
audience so stompy was the young man
that Winnie Mandela was was was believed
to have been involved in his murder all
right so let me just bring in Pascal
here Pascal this documentary Winnie you
you were almost revisiting history
retelling history in a different way I
want our audience to see a little bit of
the trailer it is now available on
Netflix and actually in South Africa on
Wednesday on ANCA that will be the
premiere in South Africa have a little
look at how Pascal has retold the story
we were exposed to the viciousness of a
party
there's thinking people and as people
are determined to survive and as
fighters she's an activist she's not the
type of person who can be voiceless
Moscow after all of this time of Winnie
Mandela being an incredibly famous
leader what more was there to tell of
her story what did you discover well the
most significant elements of my research
and obviously in the filmmaking I spent
a lot of time with Winnie and
interviewed her many many times but the
critical aspects that are going to come
out and have come out in my film and now
being echoed throughout South Africa by
various journalists who are digging a
little deeper than even I was able to
dig and is that she was you know
supremely significant and powerful
political figure in South Africa and she
was effectively neutralized politically
by a combination of Special Branch a
huge in fact operation to discredit and
smear her and when you see the film
you'll you'll see you know all the
elements that have been brought forward
to prove this case it's absolutely clear
and in fact the Commissioner of Police
George fibers yesterday or today I think
on television in South Africa confirmed
that in their reinvestigations of her in
the ninth in the late 1990s it was clear
that she had nothing to do with the
murder of tondc pay that stompy fee fail
maquette feared he was called with
murdered by Jerry Jerry Richardson who
then went to jail for life and he was a
police informer a very significant one
and who was paid a great deal of money
to not only inform on her but on all her
operations because she was a
high-ranking commander in
come to its this way which was the
military wing of the ANC at the time all
Erasmus who was the deputy of a man I
interviewed in my film
Vik McPherson who was the director of
Stratcom which was a major psychological
warfare operation and that had among its
various elements a probe an anti
revolutionary program called Romulus
Poole Erasmus just today confirmed that
the entire Mandela football club were in
fact paid informants working for the
Special Branch
and I think what you're referencing for
someone who's seen the film and so many
of our viewers have not yet seen it the
interviews are incredible and the access
that you got is incredible but I think
for some people what's going to as Femi
said earlier it's going to show a view
of events they know but not necessarily
in the way they know that that's not
surprising for some people online this
is Kay she says it's very typical to so
often see women reduced to good or bad
submissive or aggressive dominating or
subservient the narrative of women is
either black or white with no patches of
grey in between and of course she's not
talking about your film she's talking
about some of the other narratives that
are out there about Winnie Mandela we
also got a video comment from someone
who says something very similar and she
says the world doesn't know how to treat
women like this this is a Lindsay
shootout she's a journalist at port
since here's what she said the manner in
which Winnie Mandela's legacy was dealt
with in the immediate aftermath of her
death shows that the world still doesn't
know how to deal with so-called complex
woman if she had been a man as sincerely
do not believe that she would have faced
the criticism that she has faced even
indeed I think this is Africa in
particular and legacy is bringing up
lots of questions about the compromises
the country made to end about it when
Winnie Mandela criticized the so called
sunset cruises criticized our former
husband and the party's decision to
negotiate with the very people who had
asked her and tortured her many
dismissed her as unforgiving and
compromising and in particular any an
emotional angry
woman labor Micheel a you hear her
talking about the way that when he has
been dismissed in her legacy almost
tarnish it away what do you make of her
point I think it speaks to what I'm very
excited that the nation is going to get
to see past our documentary the the clip
of it that have been doing the rounds in
the last couple of weeks have created a
furor because for the last 25 years she
had the cloud of don't be hanging over
her head I mean there are people like me
mainly people like me who felt like
women had endured so much that would
have created such a psychological and
emotional toll but even had she
participated in whatever act you know it
was a time of war it was a time when
when when people were where people work
items or volumes were the language of
the day I mean we've so inherited that
legacy we've elected freedom fighters as
president we've elected people who
killed people as resident so either we
said that you know I love winning
unconditionally but to realize that this
was a smear campaign so that we would
not have really as an active politician
and leader in a free and democratic
South Africa that is diabolical and I
never thought that it was possible for
my respected we need to grow but in the
last week it has grown infinitely just
to realizing that you don't see she
endured this with such dignity and
compassion in the times that I've
interacted with when he her she was
always full of life and and smiled and
generosity of spirit remember there's
gonna be people watching and a betrayal
from her own people
I hear you I hear you and I under to
understand the context in which you're
saying is the struggle against apartheid
they will be people watching who are
going to be seeing these headlines and
truly believe them because even in South
Africa in the ANC she was not a
universally loved person let me show you
some headlines I want to hear your
instant reaction here we go the
independent Winnie Mandela the mother of
the nation or a murderous bully
Winnie Mandela mother then mugger of New
South Africa will just tone that down a
little bit when people got mad Winnie
Mandela tarnished mother of post
apartheid South Africa there are people
there are South Africans who do not like
did not like Winnie Mandela LeBeau Hine
pecco can you explain do you can you
explain why a couple of things that I
understand yeah in terms of in terms of
a woman leader and house she purports
herself in public there was judgment
there LeBeau hang take this a little bit
further let's dig into this because this
is the darker side or sides of Winnie
Mandela that people are upset about I
mean everybody's like we want things
that we want binary when we speak about
legacy we have to accept legacy in its
totality and I think as my namesake have
said and I've been you know I resonate
completely this is war this is war a
party the colonial anti-imperial
struggle was a time of blood stat a time
of labor hang let's just take it that I
get our audience at out of zero
understand that they get that so what
are the darker elements of Winnie
Mandela then you are comfortable about
talking about in public this is all part
of legacy correct yeah I think I'm not
even interested in going down the dark
side because I think that that that
doesn't know whatever that may or may
not be this was a liberation struggle
this was a kind of one of contestation
in the same way that I think the know
American is going to be interested in
being told that Ronald Reagan was to
have seen our dementia for the last two
years of his presidency we never seen
those byline we never hear people
talking about Margaret Thatcher people
died when during the miners strike in
the UK children guide because it's not
much of next 7 to re-review but yes
those conversations did come up about
those leaders yes they did they
absolutely did come up about Ronald
Reagan and also Margaret Thatcher on
their past byline and I think that
what's quite important to understand so
I think I'm interrupting something
but what's quite important to understand
is that you know when we come to a point
where we are going to be continually
speaking on somebody even when they're
gone even when there's no evidence to
link them to the things that are said to
have it that they have a Cuban accuser
not very problematic we are not well
known
Wehling in the realm of of what I call
the false memory because it isn't these
things are not actually true and
secondly the context is very it's very
dynamic we need to be able to allow our
social democracy to enable different
memories and multiple memories to come
to the fore the fact is that Winnie
Mandela was an iconic woman living
through difficult times and surviving
difficult time like many other struggles
women and combative new struggles and
often we forget that being combative
it's shameful because the cost of
freedom is never free veterans and
combatants are the ones who do the dirty
work the dirty work of lack of literacy
and keeping us sweet say how a dirty
secret and we need to deal with that but
I will not come on a platform and
vilified no Mazama Madikizela again
certainly not so level on picking up on
what you're saying I want to read this
tweet from Toshiko who says Winnie
Mandela knew that in order to achieve
true liberation the entire status quo
would need change she let the ANC
women's league in the early 90s and was
always outspoken and militant but also
fiercely feminine and was still able to
invoke change and that inspired many
women in politics today
no Massimo I want to give that one to
you because I know that you were just
with the family earlier today before
this show that's because there's a
special place in your heart for Winnie
Mandela who inspired you to do something
you want to share that with our audience
and just to touch base on one little
harmless thing I think also just to end
at the end of the day well you know no
matter what the headlines are saying at
the end of the day we have lost
our hero she is no longer we will not be
dwelling on any negative headlines or
whatever propaganda that's going on we
will honor the legacy I certainly
wouldn't want to leave this earth and
have people run with any kind of
propaganda about my imperfections or
supposed imperfections celebrate the
life that I lived and allow me to rest
in peace because most probably I didn't
find it trying to fight for the
liberation of this country my connection
with her started when I was born when my
mother when my grandmother named me no
more she named me after her and I was
born during a time when South Africa was
literally on fire and the fire was
supposedly dying down but not really
which is about 1990 so for me my
connection with her has always been that
of struggle that of striving that of
overcoming against all odds and and
whenever I was around her there was
something about her she was very cheeky
very cheeky very charming extremely
stubborn but what a presence what a
woman she would always hold him and pull
me back and almost just to examine me
and look me in the eye and day ya know
Mazzoni and with a beautiful beautiful
beautiful graceful style you know and
that for me was was one of the things
that really set you apart that she saw
people you know she would look each
person in the eye as if they are the
only thing that exists you the only
thing that matters and so there's no way
that I can't not go and see your
children and see her grandchildren and
make them feel like they are the only
thing that matters that does their time
nothing else to know so much you know
the world is saying synonyms o mo noms
ah mo and Pascal and level hang and
level we do not have enough time to talk
about the legacy of Winnie Mandela but
thank you for the time that you gave us
we really appreciate it
this is a conversation that is going to
go on for a long long
long time thank you ladies for helping
us bring it to life here on the AJ
stream and this is a little clip from
2009 and an interview with Mike Hanna
and Winnie Mandela thanks for watching
everybody to relieve this struggle a
hundred times more if at the end of it I
would achieve precisely what we achieved
as the African National Congress the
liberation of South Africa the
liberation of my people
you
