just hours after news of another
suspected chemical attack in eastern
Goethe Russia blames Israel for a
missile strike on a Syrian Air Base
Donald Trump reacts on Twitter calling
the Syrian president an animal but with
Trump sending out mixed signals on US
troops in Syria what more can he do this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program i'm
darren jordan a big price to pay that's
the warning from the US president Donald
Trump to Syrian leader Bashar al-assad
and his backers Iran and Russia it's in
response to a suspected chemical weapons
attack in eastern guter near Damascus on
Saturday at least 40 people were killed
and then a few hours later a Syrian Air
Base near Homs was bombed the Russian
and Syrian government's immediately
pointed the finger at Israel which has
not responded to the allegations the UN
Security Council's due to discuss the
chemical attack and we'll get to our
guests in a minute but first his Imran
Khan entire family's babies children
adults dead the people who remained in
Duma thought they could shelter from the
airstrikes in the basements of buildings
instead witnesses say they suffocated
from his suspected chemical attack we
were trying to hide from bobbing in
shelters but when the city was hit by
toxic gas there was no longer a place to
hide and people became terrified scared
and frightened intense airstrikes by the
Syrian government and its allies began
on Saturday witnesses report a barrel
bomb with some sort of gas being dropped
it's reported that ambulances in the
hospital were hit by airstrikes and the
Red Crescent can no longer operate
leaving a small team of medical
professionals with scarce supplies to
tend to the injured the familiar cycle
of accusations denials and calls for
action has begun using language heard
after lashes confirmed chemical attack
upon check horn which killed more than
80 people the Syrians and the Russians
call the allegations farcical and staged
the Russians offered to send their own
experts to investigate and disprove the
claims the United States called for an
immediate end to the attacks and for the
international community to respond it
said Russia was betraying its commitment
to the UN and the Chemical Weapons
Convention President Trump was more
specific calling President Assad and
animal meanwhile people say life in Duma
already difficult after weeks of intense
fighting has become miserable
Imran Khan al Jazeera well UN
investigators have documented at least
33 alleged chemical weapons attacks in
Syria since 2011
they say 27 of those were carried out by
government forces well the worst was an
Eastern goota in August 2013 a sarin gas
attack killed at least a thousand people
the same gas was also believed to have
killed at least 83 people in the village
of hanahuna enid Lib nearly a year ago
in December 2016 the Syrian Observatory
for Human Rights reported a suspected
gas attack on an ISIL held area near the
ancient city of Palmyra killing at least
53 people and in February a Syrian
government and Russian forces stepped up
their offensive in Eid Lib three Civil
Defence rescuers and six civilians were
injured by a suspected crowing gas
attack in the rebel-held town of Salah
Kem all right let's bring in our guest
now joining us on skype from Greenville
in Maine is Robert Ford a former US
ambassador to Syria in London hide
hyena's Syria consulting research fellow
at Chatham House and in Moscow Alexei
kipnuk of the Middle East expert at the
Russian International Affairs Council
gentlemen thank you all for joining us
Robert Ford let me start with you if I
may the Pentagon has denied that US
forces were behind the missile attack on
this Syrian Air Base but the Russians
are blaming the Israelis so who do you
think is behind it and what message were
they trying to send well I think
everyone suspects that it was the
israeli air force that struck the syrian
air base the Israelis have hit that air
base before they did so in February they
did so then they said because the
Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps is
using the base for support to its
operations in Syria and the Israelis
have long said that the Iran
Revolutionary Guard cores operations and
presence in Syria constitutes a threat
to Israeli national security so I think
I think almost everyone
it was the Israelis let's bring in hide
hide there in London I mean what's your
take on this missile strike on the
Syrian air base in response to this
alleged chemical attack I mean Trump had
warned there'd be a big price to pay so
what is this big price then well the big
price before was one of attack on the
airbase that was used to carry out the
attack at this point it's not clear what
the American reaction will be like
because just a week ago the the Trump
administration said that they are
planning to withdraw from Syria now
what's happening in Syria is making the
situation even more complicated and
uncertainty is the only thing that
everyone is sharing right now because if
the Americans will decide to basically
carry out attacks against the regime I
think those attacks will be limited and
will most likely not prevent Assad from
using chemical attacks in the future so
for many Syrians even if such attack
will take place it has to be first of
all on a large scale in order to prevent
not only chemical attacks but also
prevent Assad from continue that to
continue killing people on a daily basis
alexei pavlikov in Moscow I mean it is
interesting isn't it because the
Russians are warning of dire
consequences if the West uses this
alleged chemical attack as a pretext to
intervene in Syria now we've seen this
missile strike on this Syrian air base
how is Moscow likely to respond do you
think well in the first place we've
heard already and Lavrov reiterated that
Russia warned several days ago that
warned about the preparations from rebel
side from extremists a staged chemical
attack to basically blame acid for that
so today's comments of russia's Foreign
Minister Lavrov directly referred to
that so this is why I mean Russia warned
then it happened so why then now
everyone blames acid again for this
attack that's the first thing
about this airstrike so Israel has a
long record of hitting targets inside
Syria and I mean it won't stop doing
this basically it demonstrates its
readiness to basically confront Iranian
influence in Syria
which is the major concern of Israeli
security
yeah that's an important point you make
Alexei let me stay with you for a second
because as you say it could be part of
Israel's efforts to contain Iran's
military buildup in Syria but also to
interrupt its supply lines to Hezbollah
in Lebanon but Russian air defense would
have picked up these Israeli planes so
why didn't they do anything about it
as far as I know about this attack it
was reported that those jets made attack
from Lebanese airspace not they didn't
intrude into Syrian airspace and it also
heard reports that basically five out of
eight missiles were hit by the Syrian
anti-missile system and only three
eventually hit the the Syrian air base
so I mean that's nothing to discuss that
those planes were in the Syrian airspace
they did they did attack Syrian targets
inside Syria from the Lebanese airspace
as far as I know it from news from the
news let's bring him back Robert Ford
there in Maine Robert even though the
u.s. fired something like 59 Tomahawk
cruise missiles at Syria's show yet air
base last year that was last April
following that attack on handshake whom
that hasn't stopped the use of chemical
weapons by Syria so the response has
been pretty ineffective hasn't it
I don't think anyone who understands the
Syrian government would anticipate that
a one-time strike would change the
behavior of President Assad and his
military team the strong strike that
Trump launched a year ago
it did actually stop the Syrian
government from using chemical weapons
for a few months
there was deterrence that's a good thing
but the Syrian government by its nature
is always testing the edge of the
envelope is always testing limits so
after not using chemical weapons for
some weeks and a few months they began
again using small amounts of chlorine
gas here and small amounts of chlorine
gas they're trying to determine if the
Americans would react they continue that
testing a little larger scale here
maybe a little sarin gas mixed in over
there testing for the American response
there was none and so finally we get to
a larger scale attacks such as we saw
Saturday night in the eastern Goethe
again it's it's really up to the
Americans to decide whether or not they
want to begin a sustained effort to
deter a Bashar al Assad from using
chemical weapons but a one-time strike
even if it's big is not going to do that
let's bring him back hide hide there in
London I mean we've heard so many
Western leaders talking about these
so-called red lines that Assad shouldn't
cross mainly the use of chemical weapons
Assad has supposedly crossed these lines
on several occasions and apart from a
few one-time missile strikes as there
were on Saturday nothing much has
happened so is this all window dressing
do you think at least this is how
Syrians see it for many reasons one of
them is what you said that the regime
has been using chemical attacks for
years only this year alone a recent
report by Human Rights Watch mentioned
that the regime at least carried out six
confirmed attacks in different places so
that having basically measures
accountability measures taken by
International Committee is the exception
not the rule and the regime has always
been thinking that this will be another
attack that people are uncover mess will
condemn but no one will do anything
about it
and I think what's also important
is to highlight that the aim of such
attacks is not only basically a message
sent to locals to say that no one is
here to protect you no one will be able
to protect you from us anymore but it's
a message sent to the international
community to say that we can do here
whatever we want and no one is here to
stop us
Alex ecliptic of let's stay with the
issue of Syria and chemical weapons
because President Assad did agree in the
past to scrap his chemical weapons
arsenal under an agreement backed and
sponsored by Russia so what's left of
that agreement why is that not happening
well in the first place we should recall
that officially Syria got rid of all its
chemical stockpiles it was officially
confirmed by the UN watchdog and the
process of elimination of that chemical
stockpiles was done under the Russia's
and the United States observation
so basically officially it I mean see we
got rid of this chemical of its chemical
stockpiles but another important thing
to remember here is that it was
acknowledged by major players also in
the West that in the course of the Civil
War rebel forces while to control over
military bases or move to warehouses
they also got an access to the chemical
reagents so basically the it cannot be
excluded the a chance that chemical
attacks or rubles or actually stay also
can use nerve agents chemical agents
regions in attacks in Syria okay well
Robert Ford is shaking his head
furiously there in Maine he clearly
doesn't believe that the Syrian regime
has got rid of all its chemical weapons
Robert what's your response well it
really doesn't matter what I believe I'm
a retired ambassador what's more
important is that the United Nations
joint investigative mechanism and the
organization to prohibit chemical
weapons
based in the Netherlands together
investigated the follow-up to the 2013
United Nations Security Council
resolution backed by Russia and the
United States and those experts UN and
OPCW experts themselves issued a report
a year ago that said the Syrian
government continued to use chemical
weapons in 2015 the Syrian government
did not give up all of its chemical
precursors and ingredients and the
Syrian government did not remove and
destroy all of its chemical weapons
production facilities that's not me
that's the joint investigative mechanism
of the United Nations with the OPCW and
I think this calls into question the
credibility of Russia when it makes
statements such as those that have been
made in recent days out of Moscow hide
hide in London I mean as Robert Ford is
saying there's always been this concern
that Syria never really gave up all its
weapons I mean many people blame Russia
for the ongoing use of chemical weapons
by the Syrian regime I mean Russia calls
the shots doesn't it definitely because
Russia has always been the one
protecting the Syrian regime from first
of all any kind of UN resolution that
might hold him accountable and the
second one is preventing or at least
threatening against any military
intervention in Syria and those two
elements have allowed the regime to
continue to attack people with impunity
and this is again if anyone is to be
blamed after the Syrian regime is
definitely Russia because of this
protection that is providing Assad
okay I want to broaden the argument now
out a little bit in terms of a u.s.
involvement in Syria Robert Ford let me
come back to you what is the US policy
on the war in Syria I mean one minute
trump says the troops will leave quote
very soon the next minute he says oh no
they're staying I mean Trump's military
commanders must be extremely frustrated
at a lack of a serous robust policy on
Syria
I think it would be an understatement if
I were to say that American policy on
this area is not very clear what we can
say with some surety some certainty is
that the American priority was and still
is fighting Isis fighting the Islamic
State of Iraq and Syria - that's the
priority I think it's also clear that
President Trump does not wish to be
involved in the reconstruction of Syria
doesn't want to pay US taxpayer money to
rebuild a Syria whether in the parts
controlled by Russia Iran and the Syrian
government or in the parts controlled by
American allies on the ground in eastern
Syria and I think the third thing we can
say is that President Trump sooner or
later he would prefer sooner wants to
withdraw American forces and for some
other unidentified a security force or
group of countries providing a security
force right to go into eastern Syria and
contain whatever Isis remnants are left
on the ground that's the best we can
understand about American policy but
there are lots of questions about
strategies about tactics and about
timelines okay alexei clip makovan
Moscow and the US Senator John McCain
has said that America's inaction over
Syria has emboldened President Assad and
Russia and Iran do you think that a lack
of any clear robust US policy on Syria
has actually made things easier for
Moscow antara to a certain degree of
course and I think the rationale behind
Moscow strategy is that basically the
conditions the entire environment in the
Middle East allows it to increase its
influence and its role so basically
thanks to the u.s. in action in the part
or even in the part us kind of it
decreased involved
in the original affairs allowed Moscow
to grow its influence and also it's the
case in Syria hide hide in London I mean
president Trump has always blamed his
predecessor Barack Obama for being too
soft on President Assad yet now that
he's in power nothing much seems to have
changed I mean has Trump now effectively
missed the opportunity to deal
effectively with the Syrian regime and
Iranian assets inside Syria well let's
just to be clear here that Trump has
always been critical of Obama's
administration but he has never been
saying that I will be a stricture
and I will be basically dealing with
Assad and a harsher way he has been only
critical but he also has been saying
that we should basically leave Syria we
should only be focusing on fighting Isis
and for him first of all he has been
able to fulfill fighting Isis according
to the recent us statements that they
have announced their victory against
Isis
so this is for them they have achieved
what they wanted as for Syrians
themselves they don't see any difference
and and in between the Trump's policy
and Obama's policy because it has been
the same Trump has only continued what
Obama started and focused mainly on
fighting Isis and now the problem is
that it the lack of willingness to do
anything about the rest of the conflict
that has been ongoing in Syria for
almost eight years right now is because
of lack of basically willingness to do
anything about it
the Americans have always had short
unlimited basically objective in Syria
and the rest of the conflict is not of
concern to them Robert Ford if Trump's
national security team comes up with
some kind of compromise plan to leave US
troops in Syria for the short term how
will that play out domestically in the
US where you are because there doesn't
seem to be any appetite back home for
American troops to stay in Syria
Oh there certainly is not an American
public appetite to be more deeply
involved in the Syrian civil war when I
travel around speaking in the United
States the last month I've been in
Florida Massachusetts Texas I never ever
find audiences who want to be more
involved in Syria and I think Trump
actually understands that and so
promising to withdraw the troops
actually for him is a politically
beneficial thing to do um let me talk
now to Alexei klebanov I mean how does
Russia view the presence of US troops on
the ground in Syria's Moscow worried at
all do you think well from the very
beginning Russia was against any foreign
troops in Syria if they're not invited
officially by the Syrian government
so from Moscow's view only Russia's in
Iranian presence on the ground in Syria
is legitimate because only their forces
were invited by the Syrian government
officially so this is the first thing
secondly the reality on the ground is
another thing so we have US troops we
have Turkish troops on the ground in in
North Syria in south southeast part so
basically it's it's the reality with
which Russia needs to deal and that
complicates the entire entire puzzle
here so basically now Russia Iran and
Turkey having this trilateral format
trying to address all these issues while
Turkey being in NATO ally of the United
States has tensions with United States
over its support to the Kurds
it's a Syrian Kurds in Syria so
basically from Moscow view as I see it's
kind of like the more variables in the
equation the harder to resolve it okay
let me get a final thought from hi died
there in London I mean where does
leave any kind of political and
diplomatic effort that could finally
bring all science together to reach a
deal that will end the bloodshed well
unfortunately it seems that there is no
political solution at least in the and
in the near future because the Syrian
regime from the beginning has been
always saying that we are determined to
recapture the rest of the country and as
long as there is no willingness or
ability from the international community
to do anything to stop him from doing so
it would be difficult to imagine a
scenario in which I said will
automatically and voluntarily accept who
said to share power or to start any kind
of political transition and on the same
basically note if you look at Russia and
Iran so the regime allies they are not
putting any pressure on the regime to
change that kind of behavior so this is
why it seems that the regime will
continue to carry out attacks to
recapture the rest of the Syria the rest
of Syria what the international
community is just watching and saying
that this is not acceptable
alright gentlemen we have to leave it
there thank you all very much to all of
you Robert Ford Hyde Hyde and Alexei
clinica thank you and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website al
Jazeera comm and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at aj inside
story the meat down jordan and the
entire team here the bye for now
you
