Marie Colvin was a well-known and hugely
respected foreign correspondent who
spent time in conflict zones
she wore a distinctive eyepatch the
result of an injury when a grenade
exploded while reporting in Sri Lanka
she was killed in Homs in 2012 the early
days of the Syrian civil war now a new
lawsuit lodged in court in Washington DC
alleges she was deliberately targeted by
senior city and government figures the
documents that were submitting into
evidence illustrate that the regime
really at the highest level had adopted
a policy of launching joint military and
intelligence operations against media
workers and their sources so this
included both foreign journalists Syrian
journalists media activists even
everyday Syrians that were you know
recording a demonstration on their cell
phone Colvin was an American citizen she
was buried near where she grew up in New
York State her family are behind the
lawsuit foreign governments normally can
be sued in u.s. civil court but there
are exceptions for countries designated
by the State Department a sponsor of
terrorism Syria is currently on that
list her sister says she thinks of Marie
every day we filed the lawsuit as soon
as we could collect enough evidence to
prove that Marie had been targeted and I
really did that one of the motivations
was personal like I just talked about
but I also wanted to bring attention to
the suffering of the Syrian people for
all the pain that my family's gone
through there are thousands and
thousands of Syrians who have suffered
in the same way one of the key pieces of
the lawsuit is the testimony from a
former Syrian intelligence agent
codenamed Ulysses who confirmed the idea
of targeting Colvin was discussed and
agreed at the highest level among those
also a lodging testimony with the court
former US ambassador to Syria Robert
Ford it is important to record in a
thorough judicial manner the kinds of
repressive acts the kinds of war crimes
that the Syrian government committed the
family is hoping there will be no
hearing and the judge will simply make a
recommendation for damages against the
city and state
the only reaction from Damascus Syrian
President Bashar al-assad once said
Marie Colvin got what she deserved
Alan Fisher al Jazeera Washington
