my hottest negation FAMAS most Israelis
get their news from television and
newspapers and this is how they've seen
Garza's March of return a lot of focus
has been on Hamas here there's no
mention that those taking part are from
a cross-section of Gaza society hustle
Tehran is to me
hey CK lit colonies you know no mention
in this report that most of the
demonstrators were peaceful or of what
has prompted this apparently new
approach to protest in Gaza I think the
media is reflecting that they're calling
them peaceful protests the problem is
you're not going to convince the Israeli
public of anything peaceful coming out
of Hamas
maybe it's peaceful on Friday but
Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
and Thursday it's gonna be back to the
Hamas violence Israel's mass circulation
newspapers in print and online have
largely maintained the government's
narrative Israel today uses an army
quote in its headlines it says we will
not allow the hamas protests to become
the norm
another popular newspaper Yeti off are
not says terror disguised and Hamas at
the France against photographs of
protesters in costumes and only of all
of the newspapers only the left-leaning
Haaretz quotes directly Gaza officials
in its headline referring to last Friday
it says nine people killed 300 injured
by live fire and it has an op-ed in
their tutorial by a contributor with the
headline closed hearts referring to
Israel's close heart it says the killing
of Gaza journalist yes-mo taja
was covered by one of the main channels
TV cam in a report that carried a lot of
import from other Palestinian
journalists bohemes a noon Shoku army
better whole in bahasa OS apparel
canceled a short laugh at Thea I'm sick
lady Elissa Canada had a short Israel no
telepathy addendum there's less coverage
from the Palestinian perspective and
there are no Israeli journalists in Gaza
a couple of hours after this report
aired the Israel's military said it will
investigate the deaths of people it
considers civilians including
photographer yeah
so mote Arjun Burnett Smith al Jazeera
West Jerusalem
