hello I'm Adrienne Finnegan this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week
Brazilians fear the next president can't
save the economy find out what that
means for the rest of Latin America also
this week drugs and money why the
world's big pharmaceutical companies
charge such high prices for life-saving
pills plus a new minimum wage at a
Taylor Amazon but some say the trillion
dollar company must do better now when
the National Museum of Brazil tragically
went up in flames last month many saw it
as a metaphor for their own struggles
this is a country where there's
widespread unhappiness at the
deteriorating quality of life inequality
is one of the problems Brazil's six
richest men have the same wealth as the
poorest 50 percent of the population
that's around 100 million people
according to Oxfam international rampant
corruption is another issue a
multi-billion dollar bribery probe
called
lava jato or carwash highlighted the
kind of special treatment given to the
few reform is now needed to bring down
debt to tackle violence and fix the
unjust public sector pension system
civil servants often retire in the early
50s on full pay yet those born in
favelas are without access to basic
services
al-jazeera's Lucia Newman has this
report from Northeastern Brazil 65 year
old Maria now said the Silva can't read
or write or even sign her name but what
she does know is how to work hey if I
may say that I lack well I started
working in the tobacco fields when I was
nine my father had died and my mother
couldn't make ends meet the story is
repeated in the nearby sugar fields
generation after generation men work
under the merciless Sun of northeastern
alla goya state I started when I was
standing I'm 44 now I couldn't find any
better job my father did
we never went to school but my son does
I hope he'll be able to get a better job
because this is no way to live
northeastern Brazil is heavily populated
which makes it a magnet for politicians
seeking election in this slum there's no
sewage running water or other basic
services 60% of the people here in
Alagoas live in poverty their needs are
so great and their pockets so empty that
they are easy prey
during election time for politicians
that can come here and buy their votes
for as little as $10 Wilton Vieira is a
Catholic Deacon who works in this slum
appropriately named after the virgin of
the poor 70 percent of residents are
illiterate of course if I'm a politician
and I give culture and education to
people I'm empowering them and if I'm
empowering them they may not vote for me
so that's why it's in their interest to
keep things as they are because then
they can just keep coming back here at
election time with empty promises that
people grasp on to in the Northeast as
in the rest of Brazil blacks and
mixed-race are the most disenfranchised
it's a vicious circle of inequality
aggravated by a severe recession and
government austerity that's left 13
million Brazilians unemployed and even
more living in extreme poverty
this economist says a chronic structural
problem is to blame I lost him
we must establish medium and long term
development goals for our country
investing infrastructure health
education and job creation that requires
political coordination that always
eludes us no matter who's in government
and even if the next government can
start the recovery process those living
here at the bottom of the social ladder
will be the last to benefit joining us
now from London is Edward Glossop Edward
is the Latin America economist at
Capital Economics Edward good to have
you with us on counting the cost again
if the incoming administration in Brazil
can't fix the system is this going to
lead to a financial crisis well I think
it's it's probably not going to lead to
a financial crisis I mean I think
obviously the Argentina's fiscal crisis
is much more acute because the
government has large FX debts but in
Brazil's case a lot of the government's
debt is held in local currencies which
really limits the risks you talk about
Argentina's economy the problems there
how important though is Brazil to Latin
America's economy and even to the global
economy well it's by far the biggest
country in the region but I think it's
worth noting actually that Brazil is
fundamentally quite a closed economy so
it's worth noting that the rest of the
region can still do relatively well in
terms of economic growth even if Brazil
is stuck in a slump all right so what
needs to be done to put Brazil's economy
back on track well I think the main
thing that investors are looking for is
pension reform and deep fiscal reform I
think there needs to be a big pension
reform that president tena struggled to
push through and I think future
governments will struggle to push this
through too because it's highly
unpopular with the electorate and also
the reform requires 3/5 majority in
Congress and Brazil's congresses is
massively five mented there's 28
political parties in there it's going to
be very difficult to push that kind of
unpopular reform through Congress okay
so if they can't get pension reform what
else can they get through well they can
probably get through some spending cuts
which will help to narrow the budget
deficit and tied things over if you like
for the in the coming years
but sooner or later you you need some
structural fiscal reform to really bring
in that budget deficit I'll let you know
- to sustainable levels of you know to
3% of GDP and that looks very unlikely
without a crisis further down the line
Brazil of course the world's biggest
producer of coffee and sugar what
prospects are there for commodities
growth they're helping the Brazilian
economy yes good question I mean I think
Brazil is fundamentally a commodity
producer but obviously agricultural
prices will play a key role in
determining Brazil's terms of trade
which therefore plays a big role in how
well the economy is doing overall in
terms of its domestic demand
and it caps economics we we probably see
commodity prices falling back a bit from
here which will probably filter through
into weaker growth in Brazil over the
coming years it'll be a added headwind
not just for Brazil but for the rest of
the economy for the region too because
Latin America is highly dependent on
commodities and given that the the
almost universal the ownership of mobile
phones the use of digital technology
Facebook and Twitter can the the digital
economy in Brazil help to bring it out
of to pull it out of recession possibly
I mean it seems very unlikely I think
what we see in in places like Brazil is
that things like the digital economy are
very much will play of in future much
bigger role in in places like China in
Asia where as I said before investment
rates are very high so these economies a
better place to actually invest in this
new technology in the digital economy
which can therefore help these economies
to produce stronger growth in places
like Brazil you really need to get that
overall economy investment rate up in
order to really reap the fruits of the
digital economy and with things like the
business environment is still quite bad
and the pension system is very generous
which means that domestic savings are
very low there's no incentive to save
domestically and therefore the
investment rate in the economy is too
low so I think digital economy will
obviously grow in importance in Brazil
but it's not gonna make a drive growth
anytime soon all right here's the rub as
a latin america economist
are you optimistic about the prospects
for brazil in the short term medium term
over the next year I think the cyclical
recovery probably has further to run I
mean we look at the business and
consumer confidence indicators they're
still pointing upwards nash should help
domestic demand to stay strong in over
the next three to six months or so
beyond that i would say we'll probably
more bearish than most on the prospects
potential growth is probably around two
percent which is very weak for for an
emerging market was ill size and it was
income level Eduard goods talk to you
many thanks indeed for being with us
well as you're hearing there Brazilians
are pretty active on social media Brazil
is Facebook's third biggest market
whatsapp says it has 120 million users
in a country of 200 million people
online platforms keen to protect
themselves of stepped-up deletion of
fake accounts in Brazil bots are
computer programs which can be automated
to carry out tasks we use them in search
engines but they're also used to spread
false information and to mimic human
users online analysts say that the 2018
election in Brazil will be an important
reference point for the country and its
relationship with social media still to
come on counting the cost the tax man
cometh find out what a Chinese film star
called Fan Bingbing and US President
Donald Trump have in common but first
one of America's largest employers is
raising pay for its workers Amazon says
its workers in the US will be paid a
minimum of $15 an hour from next month
and workers in the UK will also get a
raise now in the past the company has
been criticized for its labor practices
including under paying workers Patty
Cohan reports America has a problem the
divide between those with the least and
those with the most is growing and the
gap is just getting wider the economy is
doing well but wages are not rising that
statistic might soon see a bump one of
America's largest employers Amazon has
announced that everyone who helps send
these smiling boxes around the country
will soon be paid more at a minimum $15
an hour more than double the national
minimum wage it's not cheap it's going
to cost them a billion dollars I think
per year it's not that they're able to
raise prices or pass that through to
customers this is something their
shareholders are going to fund but I
think that a lot of Amazon shareholders
think this is the right thing to do
that's what Amazon said was behind the
move it was the right thing to do but
it's also facing a lot of criticism in
large part because of its founder Jeff
Bezos he is the richest man in the world
worth 160
five billion dollars breaking that down
he makes about two hundred and seventy
five million dollars each and every day
and Amazon is hugely profitable in the
second quarter of this year it had a
profit of 2.5 billion dollars so it can
afford the raises and with low
unemployment it might have to pay more
to get in enough workers to move their
merchandise still the race is being
praised by Amazon's
toughest critics what mr. Bezos today
has done is not only enormous ly
important for Amazon's
hundreds of thousands of employees it
could well be and I think it will be a
shot heard around the world
not every economist thinks paying
workers more will actually help decrease
income inequality on the one hand yes
workers in Amazon will benefit from this
this increase in basic pay but in the
longer term Amazon is exactly the type
of company which we'd imagine would
invest in automation and it'd be much
more difficult for other companies
traditional retailers to match this kind
of offer America can often seem like two
different countries divided between the
haves and have-nots economists will be
watching to see if Amazon's move does
anything to heal the divide now to the
Middle East where Yemen's southern
separatists have called for more
demonstrations over the collapse of the
country's currency the southern
transitional council is piling the
pressure on President Abdullah months
for Hadi
they blame him for the economic collapse
after a four-year war with Houthi rebels
now two zeros Bernhard Smith reports now
from Djibouti economic collapse rather
than the war against the Houthis is now
becoming the biggest short-term threat
to the stability of Yemen's government
across the south there have been
protests against the fall in the value
of the currency Saudis warn Yemen is
seriously affecting us we've not been
paid properly for the last three years
we can't find any other way to get by
Diesel's up to 18 dollars for 20 liters
when it was nine dollars before cooking
gas is nine dollars for castor and is
impossible to find the only fuel you can
get is on the black market
the government had been printing more
money to try and keep cash flowing but
there's been no increase in export and
not in a foreign currency reserves to
support the increased supply now the
Saudi Arabian government has given the
central bank 200 million dollars to
stabilize the real when you print more
money it must be matched by hard
currencies in market if you don't it
does nothing to help the value of our
damaged currency and the siege imposed
on Yemen preventing exports from
liberated provinces also damages the
economy these government failures have
caused an economic collapse these
protests seem to have been spontaneous
but now the leadership of the southern
transition council the STC is organizing
more demonstrations for four years a
Saudi UAE coalition supporting the
internationally recognized government of
President Abdullah Mansour Hadi has been
fighting Houthi rebels but the STC
backed by the UAE wants independence for
southern Yemen that's rejected by
president Hadi
against this backdrop of growing
protests the UN Special Envoy for Yemen
has arrived in Abu Dhabi Martin Griffis
is trying to arrange talks between the
Yemeni government and the Houthis the
separatist leader Idris al Abadi is also
there and if there are any talks he also
wants a seat at the table drug company
Nostrum pharmaceuticals has hiked the
price of a 65 year old antibiotic
mixture by up to 400% to two thousand
dollars a bottle rostrums wasn't the
only price hike last month it was one of
60 according to analysts at wells fargo
drug price hikes and essential medicines
a coming out of political scrutiny from
China to the US remember farmer bro
Martin shkreli or farmer bro became
infamous back in 2015 the former CEO of
turing pharmaceuticals raised the price
of an AIDS drug from $13.50 this can
boost prices so that they and middlemen
can make bigger profits
developing a drug is estimated to cost
around two billion dollars but with
advances in artificial intelligence some
are saying that those metrics could
change and should the consumer really
have to pay those costs well the most
expensive drugs are those that treat the
rarer diseases in the UK NHS spending on
drugs is rising at five times the rate
of its budget according to the Kings
Fund think-tank the cost of cancer drugs
in China was highlighted recently by the
Chinese film dying to survive and it's
becoming a political issue too in the
u.s. with President Donald Trump putting
pressure on companies like Pfizer to
lower prices for life-saving
prescription drugs joining us now from
London is Gustav Ando Gustav's a senior
director and vice president within the
Life Sciences group at IHS market good
to have you with us who decides on the
pricing of a new drug is is there a
world body that decides what's fair and
what isn't very good question no not
really no so it really depends on on the
country that you're talking about each
each country has its own health care
system its own health care budget and
and by extension its own system of
charging or or or deciding on what a new
treatment should be priced at and what
is a fair level so in many many
countries it's it's a very very heavily
regulated market and very very difficult
to charge I guess what you would call
excessive prices but then other markets
have a very different healthcare system
and they let the free market decide a
little bit more how or what a fair price
for this system is and in which case
there's a multiple layers of actors who
decide on the price starting with the
pharmaceutical company itself you know
that proposing a price and then having
payers insurance companies and other
bodies that can then weigh in to decide
whether this is actually a fair price or
not and then there can be a negotiation
based on that can you give us any any
specific examples where that actually
happens I'm sure you know I don't we
don't want it to become maybe to UK
centric but for example in the UK that
there is a very very lengthy process
although actually the government has
insured to try to
quicken that that process and actually
some of the recent new innovative
treatments have come to the UK a little
bit quicker than that unusual but
there's sort of a to and fro discussion
between the pharmaceutical company on
the one hand who have also been
developing this treatment for let's say
ten years or five years and and
conducted multiple clinical trials and
and many drugs have failed along the way
to be able to get to this potentially
one successful one and they have an idea
of what they think the price of the
treatment should be but then the
government obviously on the other hand
has its budget and that it needs to
weigh up against and and has its own
system and its own a mechanism to decide
on what a fair price for the treatment
should be and very often there's there's
actually an initial rejection of the
price and and they go back to the
drawing board and they have more
discussions and then ultimately they
hopefully will reach an agreement on
what is a fair treatment or what is a
fair price for this treatment how is the
big disrupter digitalization affecting
big pharma with people taking more
control of better control of their lives
with with computers now able to predict
perhaps people's chances of of
succumbing to certain illnesses or or
conditions shouldn't digitalization mean
the price of medicines going down and
not up in the future yes or no I mean
the the it really depends on what angle
that you're looking at
digitalization for sure changes almost
everything within healthcare and it
means that you're able to conduct
potentially more efficient clinical
trials you're able to more easily
identify potential molecules that you
can target and mechanisms of action that
you can target so and then all the way
through to the actual delivery mechanism
of a treatment so you actually have
digital tablets now for it for example
for a certain for for certain treatments
so there's a couple of things that you
need to look at though over what then
results in the final price of the of the
of the drug and that can be the the
level of innovation that this is
actually bringing to treatments
potentially digitalization has a very
very strong ability to enable clients to
adhere to their medications about
through
you know digital technology that there
are you know apps out there and and and
other technologies that help you and
remind you that you need to be taking
your medication right now and there's
obvious enormous value in able to be it
to be able to do that and and you know
that can be reflected in the in the
final price of a treatment as well so
tech companies will be the driving force
of digitalization in the pharma industry
these companies that you know like like
all tech companies are going to earn
data lots of data on therapies on
patients and research should we as
consumers trust them well we already do
and to an extent you know this is very
very sensitive data clearly and and and
again the health care and pharmaceutical
sector has extremely strict privacy
guarantees around this so you know in
order to enter this market or in order
to be able to provide technology for
this you have to sign up to some of the
most you know strict privacy laws that
are possible in this case so it's a
trade off for sure but it always is as
soon as you're taking a medication or as
soon as you're even visiting a doctor
you know you are talking about an
illness and and and there there may be
underlying symptoms there that are
either obvious or or not obvious and and
it's it's it's always a trade-off or
it's a contract almost between yourself
and the data that you're sharing with
whoever you're you're talking to in this
case and this is just a new avenue for
that and for sure clearly there needs to
be strict monitoring of it and there
already is in in in most coast countries
around the world you know this is quite
a new area and so so and they're
definitely reforms taking place in
regulatory clamp downs to make sure that
there are that there is protection in
place for patients and consumers good
stuff great talk to you many thanks
indeed for being with us on counting the
cost thank you so much now what is it
they say there are only two certainties
in life death and taxes this week the
New York Times reported on how US
President Donald Trump allegedly
exploited the tax system to make
millions the Trump family's tax affairs
are now being reviewed by New York state
authorities following the allegations of
fraud Shahab returns he reports
the New York Times report goes to the
heart of the Donald Trump origin story
that he would tell on the campaign trail
that he is a self-made man he used a 1
million dollar loan from his father to
make billions of dollars and on property
Empire worldwide the New York Times
saying no that's not true
he received millions of dollars hundreds
of millions of dollars from his father
from a very early age and indeed his
father would step in when Donald Trump's
fabled deal-making would run into
problems so that's one part of the story
the other part is the allegations of
illegality that Trump and his family set
up sham corporations underestimated the
value of their property portfolio in
order to evade taxes the criminal
liability Trump might face if these
allegations are proven true has passed
the statute of limitations has passed
however civil action is possible New
York authorities already launching an
investigation no word from the Inland
Revenue Service the federal authorities
although they're so depleted of funding
you wonder whether they even have the
resources to investigate this sort of
thing but Donald Trump's lawyer
insisting that this is all false a
hundred percent false highly defamatory
he says finally this week one of China's
top actresses has been ordered to pay a
one hundred and twenty nine million
dollar tax bill the actress has appeared
in the x-men and Iron Man franchises it
is the face of luxury brands in China
our China correspondent Adrienne brown
reports well this is thought to be the
biggest ever fine imposed on a Chinese
movie star 892 million RMB that's almost
a hundred and thirty million u.s.
dollars that's what the tax authorities
say fan bingbing owes them they say if
she pays this money back
she will not face criminal prosecution
fan bingbing says she hopes to be able
to do just that now fan bingbing is not
the best known actress here in China but
she's certainly one of the best paid
earning some forty three million dollars
last year she vanished from public view
in June and nothing had been heard of
her until now she has issued a statement
on Weibo which is China's
of Twitter she says that she's been
experiencing unprecedented suffering I'm
ashamed of what I've done and she
apologized to her many fans now it could
well be that the Chinese authorities
who've been investigating other stars
are sending out a warning that this is
what could happen to other celebrities
who avoid paying tax it seems that in
the case of fan bingbing she had been
understating what she was paid in her
contract and the authorities seem to say
this has become part of a widespread
trend that they're determined to deal
with and that's our show for this week
if there's anything you've seen that
you'd like to comment on you can get in
touch with us you can tweet me I'm at a
Finnigan on Twitter please use the
hashtag AJ CTC when you do there is as
always plenty more for you online at Al
Jazeera comm / CTC that takes you
straight to our page which has
individual reports links even entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
where we end this edition of counting
the cost I'm Adrienne Finnegan from the
whole team here in Doha thanks for being
with us the news on al Jazeera is next
you
