they are leaving from the last rebel
pocket in eastern hooda Duma has
surrendered up to eight thousand
fighters from the Jaysh al-islam rebel
group and more than 40,000 of their
family members and anyone else who wants
to leave are being bussed out of this
city the Russian military has given them
safe passage to rebel-held areas in
northern Syria as part of a deal that
also involved Jaysh al-islam releasing
all of its prisoners many of them held
for years and among them women and
children they arrived at a
government-controlled crossing late on
Sunday the deal came after a suspected
chemical attack in the city that killed
dozens of people doctors and rescue
workers say many of the victims
suffocated and foamed at the mouth
symptoms indicative of exposure to some
kind of chemical agent Damascus and its
backer Moscow dismissed the claims as
fabrication it isn't the first time
chemical weapons are believed to have
been used by the Syrian government
against civilians hours after the
attacks racial Islam agreed to return to
the negotiating table it wasn't clear
why the initial deal collapsed on Friday
but when it did the pro-government
Alliance launched an all-out military
offensive to pile pressure on the rebel
group the evacuation deal reached or
what amounts to a surrender is similar
to the agreement with two other rebel
factions in eastern hooda who gave up
after a fierce bombing campaign Jaysh
al-islam was hoping for a different deal
that would allow it to remain in control
of duma but under the overall
jurisdiction of the government that
didn't happen what they did manage to
get is a guarantee that russia's
military police will enter the city and
those who chose to stay won't be
harassed or detained by state security
forces much of duma is now rubble the
largest urban center in the eastern
suburbs of damascus has been a target
since opposition fighters captured the
area in 2013 it was the main hub of
anti-government protests close to the
capital and from there rebels were able
to threaten the government seat of power
by frequently launching rockets into
neighborhoods
seven years later the pro-government
alliance is declaring victory but the
seven-week offensive killed nearly 2,000
civilians this is the worst defeat
suffered by the opposition since the
fall of Aleppo in late 2016
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
