Lulla the silver spent the first full
day of his 12 year sentence here at the
federal police prison in curitiba a
small crowd of supporters with a police
guard protested nearby a TV was
installed in his cell so he could watch
his favorite football team Corinthians
play a big game salut Lou is up there on
the top floor of this federal police
prison segregated from the other inmates
receiving special treatment as perhaps
befits a former president but
nonetheless a prisoner a convicted
criminal Lula was defiant addressing his
supporters before handing himself into
police saying he's innocent he's the
victim of a campaign to prevent him from
standing in October's presidential
elections elections many believe he
would win no I'm not hiding I'm going to
go there and see their faces so they
know I'm not afraid so they know I'm not
going to run and so they know I'm going
to prove my innocence they need to know
that he said he'll put his name forward
for those elections although his
conviction means he's barred from
political activity for eight years even
from behind bars Lula will keep
mobilizing all of us we believe he's the
one to lead us out of the current crisis
in Brazilian politics it's not just
about punishing former president Lula
but all the Brazilian people we are
suffering the loss of the rights we
fought so hard to achieve the 72 year
old has been a huge feature in Brazilian
politics for generations president from
2003 to 2010 and before that an
opposition firebrand and union leader
but now all sides in Brazil's embattled
political scenario will have to get used
to life without the man the whole
country simply knows as Lula - 1 Al
Jazeera Curitiba
