as the world woke up to these pictures
of what local Medical Teams call victims
of a Syrian regime chemical attack
international condemnation came in thick
and fast Donald Trump was most specific
and pinpointed Assad directly and called
him an animal he went on to warn
there'll be a big price to pay and
demanded the areas opened up for medical
help and more evacuations critics argue
there needs to be more done this time if
it becomes a tweet without meaning then
he's hurt himself in North Korea if he
doesn't follow through and live up to
that tweet he's gonna look weak in the
eyes of a Russia and Iran so this is
defining moment mr. president you need
to follow through that tweet show
resolved that Obama never did to get
this right he have been very clear
lessons learnt from his predecessor
faced when his talk of a redline was
never acted upon it was this time last
year
Trump order brutality airstrikes on
Syria in response to a chemical attack
in Italy at the time he said it was a
one-off France initiated a move to
summon their own urgent UN Security
Council meeting in response the alleged
chemical attacks confirming a promise to
strike president McCain had made last
month eight others of the council's 15
members agreed to be at the Monday's
meeting calls echoed by the European
Union who released a statement voicing
their mobilization to fight the use of
chemical weapons and make sure those
responsible are held to account the
President Assad denies responsibility
and blames the rebels of trying to gain
military advantage by lime
reinforcements also came from the
regime's allies Iran stressed Assad's
government was the victim of a Western
conspiracy Russia announced it would
send its own radiation chemical and
biological weapons experts to gather
evidence on the bombing Moscow then
called for its own meeting of the UN
Security Council citing international
threats to peace and security that is
also due to take place on Monday
meanwhile president Erdogan was quick to
blame all sides he criticized Assad's
allies and aware
what he called its hypocrisy and failure
to look after those who still been
killed as this international
recriminations blame and threats are
bounced around these people continue to
suffer Hana hawkster al Jazeera
