popular or populist as voters in Hungary
go to the polls the controversial Prime
Minister wants a third term in office
Viktor orb√°n's campaigned on an
anti-immigration ticket and a strong
victory could boost other nationalist
agendas could this election of sugar
more cracks in the European Union and
where will it leave the migrants this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm Darren
Jordan the election campaign in Hungary
has been dominated by one issue
immigration right-wing Prime Minister
Viktor Orban has been in office for two
terms and during that time his hardline
approach to migrants has grown stronger
and analysts say his policies could have
a long lasting impact on the European
Union far-right and populist parties
have made gains in other elections
including in Italy and Austria
while in Hungary itself the anteed
migration sentiment has taken the focus
away from corruption health care and
education well hungary has taken a tough
stance against immigration for years in
2015 more than 400,000 refugees many
fleeing the war in syria passed through
the country in response hungry built a
fence along its border with serbia and
croatia to keep them out the government
carried out a series of measures to
crack down on migration including at 25
percent tax on agencies and
organizations supporting refugees Prime
Minister Albarn also vowed to continue
fighting against the EU quota on
refugees a plan meant to relocate asylum
seekers across Europe so let's bring in
our guests joining us from Budapest is
Gehrig a Rajan I an analyst of Hungary's
Centre for fair political analysis in
Berlin Ulrich Bruckner political analyst
and a professor in European studies at
Stanford University in Berlin and by
Skype from London is Mathew Goodwin
professor of politics and international
relations at the University of Kent
thank you all for joining us Gergely
Rajan I in Budapest let me start with
you Viktor Orban is widely expected to
win a third term in this election how
much has his anti-immigrant agenda
helped him to win votes and why is he so
popular I think he has two main forces
for him being popular one is the economy
economies has been growing ever since he
came into power which wasn't true before
so that's a plus for him but the other
issue is migration which he used to
create an identity for his base so this
base has a very strong identity of
European Christian ideals and this base
resents migration this base reason
Islam culture and based on that they
this base came together very strongly
and that's what drives him
greicy's popularity ma feel good within
london let me bring you in here if I may
I mean why is Viktor Orban so important
to the populace right in Europe and why
is he at the vanguard of these populist
leaders well I think Oban has become a
very significant figure within the
broader populist right movement in
Europe they see him as somebody who is
standing up to a more liberal vision of
Europe someone who stood up to our
Angela Merkel on the refugee issue
somebody who wants to push Europe in a
more conservative direction we saw
Matteo Sabini after the elections in
Italy who is the leader of the populist
right League or almost say immediately
that he wanted to visit Viktor Orban and
that follows a broader alliance between
Hungary and Austria Poland and the Czech
Republic
a broader bloc of countries trying to
push Europe in a very different
direction I'm all Rick Bruckner there in
Berlin you've written extensively about
populism and nationalism in Europe so
how do you think Germany is looking at
the elections in Hungary what's the
perception in Berlin there where you are
well Germany is very concerned about
what is going on in some central in
Eastern European countries and beyond
like Turkey where we see a general trend
which is different from the original
narrative how European integration came
into being and this narrative is about
we overcome nationalism we become part
of one we still stay who we are Germans
Hungarians Brits French but we belong to
something bigger and this something
bigger is committed to core principles
which are in essence liberal and they
are committed to pluralism and what we
can experience in Hungary both
rhetorically and politically is a swing
to a more populist anti pluralists
agenda and this is something that not
only the German government is very
concerned
but the German public in general and
GERD a Rajan a the anti-immigrant
campaign is getting rather nasty and
personal in a hungry Amanda Victor Obon
is now personally targeting the
Hungarian born billionaire George Soros
saying he has liberal values that are
dangerous why is he so intent on
stopping Soros Hungary has a history of
external influence throughout its
history so the Soviet Union influenced
us before that the Nazi Germany
influenced us and before then
Austrian fluence that so Hungarians have
a very strict very strong tie to the
notion of sovereignty so whenever
someone mentions that there is some sort
of external influence in Hungarian
politics it's always very strong it
resonates very strongly with a large
number of voters so that's how or by
uses NGOs and Shores personally he
attacks them as being external
influences in Hungarian politics
unwanted external influences while the
opposition is trying to say that these
NGOs are very important to a flourishing
liberal democracy so there is a very
divisive campaign based on the NGOs
right now here but now I mean how much
of the German election was affected by
immigration and Merkel's decision to
welcome nearly a million refugees and
asylum seekers since the Greek crisis
was replaced by the so-called refugee
crisis although it's not really fair to
put a blame on people in need and make
them a crisis as if it is a natural
catastrophe surveys showed that Marcus
government could lose elections if there
would have been elections in 2015 or
2016 so it came almost as a surprise
that Merkel was reelected half a year
ago during German parliamentary
elections and one can clearly see a
direct effect that for the first time in
the history of the country there is a
party in in the parliament which is
right of the so-called Conservative
Party or the whole right now they
wouldn't necessarily call themselves
conservative America's Christian
Democratic Union and that's the
alternative of a Dutch land which is a
populist
sort of movement not exactly a party yet
that instrument instrument Eliza's
everything that can be used against the
establishment like what we see as a
blueprint from other populist movements
let me stay with you for a second so
where does Merkel now stand on
immigration currently and how much is
immigration and playing into the new
term Merkel repeated in the election
campaign and after that she doesn't see
any mistake that nothing has been done
wrong
maybe the communication wasn't perfect
after 2015 how to explain what this is
all about but the general idea was
Germany is committed to humanitarian
standards we signed international
commitments and if people in need come
to Germany Germany is obliged to give a
helping hand this is the idea and this
is radically different from the
conspiracy theory that was presented
outside Germany as if Merkel tries to
fix labor market shortages or change the
composition of the Christian population
of Germany and turn it into a multi
cultural melting pot this is far from
real and therefore the German government
hasn't really changed anything in its
position Mathieu Gooden in London I mean
Viktor Orban has come to serious blows
with Europe over immigration hasn't you
I mean he sees Brussels as part of the
wider problem and not the solution in
his drive to keep immigrants out so
what's his beef with Brussels briefly
well and also some of his other allies
and central in Eastern Europe
when they signed up to European
integration did not think they were
signing up to multiculturalism to the
ease of people to cross borders they
certainly didn't think they were signing
up to deal with the arrival of more than
1 million refugees and they see that as
violating their international traditions
and their ability each to as they see it
defend their borders and defend their
primarily their ethnic national
communities and that is a very different
vision of Europe from from the vision
that we would associate with Emmanuel
macron or Anglo Merkel and just one
quick point is that the the divides in
Europe now between West and East and to
a lesser extent between north and south
and also between the elites and voters
these are very deep divides that will be
with us for some time to come
Roger let me come back to you because
Viktor Orban many people say is one of
the few European leaders who says in
public what others can only say behind
closed doors he presents himself as the
defender of European Christianity and he
warns about the dangers of what he calls
Islamization of Europe how will other
European leaders view this election
particularly those on the right with
nationalist and populist agendas do you
think horbas popularity and electoral
success is a driving force of people ISM
over all around Europe so should Orban
lose some of his support or should or
mom in a big that's that means a lot to
all the populist in Europe and also all
for the more mainstream parties as well
because mainstream parties are looking
for the opposition to win some key
districts at the very least to see that
all bands losing losing popularity the
migration issue in Hungary has been not
as important as it was two years ago so
they are looking at looking at other
issues right now that could make the
Hungarian landscape very very different
and that that could change or bands
behavior or even change the government
later all right Brooklyn Berlin does
Victor obin see other European leaders
like Angela Merkel as too soft to tell
it like it is I mean some people will
say he actually has a point given that
Merkel paid such a heavy price
politically for her softer immigration
stance well I think in essence this is a
conflict of narratives and you don't
really see a major problem of
immigration in central in Eastern Europe
so it's not about the numbers but it's
about the perception and the general
discourse and countries like Germany and
France have experience with immigration
and they
also can see the practical benefits the
German national team that is the World
Cup winner in football is a very
different composition of ethnicity than
it used to be in 1974 when you also won
the World Cup so there is a very
different debate within the country
including France and some other more
multicultural countries compared to
almost ethnically homogeneous countries
Poland for example has 99% of poles so
it's of course a different debate but
not only a different debate on what
other challenges but also how the
challenges are instrumentalized and a
too soft stance on something which in
essence is a humanitarian obligation is
something that is just absurd given the
situation of people in need who
otherwise would have died in Syria or
elles
Mathew Goodwin in London let me come
back to the point you were making
earlier about splits within Europe I
mean Oban launched his election campaign
by lashing out at Brussels Germany and
France accusing their leaders of being a
danger to his country but he's also
predicted as you say a split between
Eastern and Western Europe is the very
prospect then of EU integration or
expansion really at that much of a risk
I think that the divide in Europe are
very sharp and very real and they will
continue to have some big consequences
Europe as a whole is moving to the right
very quickly
social democracy center-left parties are
having their worst results pretty much
since history over since they were first
formed and also at the same time we're
seeing center-right parties in Europe
Sebastien Kurtz in Austria Theresa May
in Britain also some center-right
politicians in Germany effectively
sounding exactly the same as the
populist right and so I think Europe at
the moment is moving very quickly to the
right that will have all kinds of
effects going forward in how the EU
approaches issues like the refugee
crisis and so on and so all ban will be
at the center of that other side of the
debate saying hang on in a minute we
didn't sign up for what they see is open
borders we didn't sign up for what they
see is excessive liberal values we
didn't sign up for the breakdown of what
they see is traditional morality family
the community and I expect those attacks
will become louder in recent incoming
years gentlemen stay with us will you
because we're just going to broaden the
argument out as we've mentioned Hungary
is among several other EU countries
taking a strong stance on immigration
the German Chancellor Angela Merkel was
criticised for letting in nearly a
million refugees in 2015 and that cost
her dearly in the elections and it took
her months to put together a coalition
government in Austria right wing
Chancellor Sebastian Kurtz has been
vocal against refugees Kurt said his
goal is to confront any development of
parallel societies in Austria and in
Italy the debate on immigration has
stalled the government they're the top
two political parties are still in
deadlock following the March for
election Gergely ration have let me come
back to you for a second because Viktor
Orban will say hang on a second look my
policy has worked refugee numbers coming
to Hungary have collapsed since 2015 and
he spoke to Europe in the eye with a big
stick as me yes it's a kind of success
that he likes to propagate to her the
campaign that refugees were here but now
they aren't and this is that it is very
visible here in Hungary that because
Hungary is basically an ethnically
homogeneous country we don't have a much
of a much of an experience with the
migration and if it was a big shock when
the first wave of migrants arrived at
our border and there were the train
stations were full of migrants and the
people people were shocked people were
afraid of what's going to happen they
were only traveling to Hungary to reach
their Germany but it was still something
that Hungary has not seen before and now
for the last two years this hasn't been
an issue because of defense that the
capita government built so this was a
successful campaign that made or been
very popular but right now people are
starting to forget what happened two
years ago and they are starting to focus
on other issues as well like health care
education normal issues of a campaign
and that might result
popularity or for bond being less or
less than expected um Matthew Goodwin in
London I mean Victor Orbin has called
the mainly Muslim refugees a threat to
Europe's Christian roots does his very
blunt approach give voice to the fears
of other European conservatives in
places like Italy Austria and Germany
well if you look across Europe as a
whole today when odors are asked what
are the two issues they say immigration
and terrorism and I don't agree with the
earlier point that this is simply about
countries that have no experience with
immigration we've just seen Donald Trump
the elected president of the United
States which has a long and
well-established history of immigration
and multiculturalism
and we've seen the vote for brexit in
Britain which followed very high levels
of immigration and so what I think we're
seeing is people like Viktor Orban
really looking at the West looking at
the model of what's happening in the
West the amount of immigration the
amounts of liberal use the spread of
liberal values and I think they just
simply don't share that vision of Europe
and they want to push back against that
so I personally think that people like
all ban will be with Europe for many
years to come ulrich Bruckner in Berlin
the EU announced last December it was
taking Poland the Czech Republic and
Hungary to its top court over their
refusal to host asylum seekers but let
me ask you that's not likely to worry
Viktor orb√°n is it I mean it's likely to
perhaps even embolden him in the future
isn't it well of course it mobilizes
domestically even people who are not
explicitly supporters of Orban they
essentially feel Hungarian if there is
pressure coming from outside as we've
heard before this is a long history of
external pressure on Hungary and people
immediately respond like this but it
puts something else in the center of the
debate which is the need for an
integrated immigration policy and even
if the immigration policy is more what
current right-wing parties would like to
see it will be something
like an integrated European immigration
policy which is urgently needed because
without it we leave border countries
like Greece and Italy alone and they
have a point in criticising that there
is a lack of solidarity in a value based
organization like the European Union so
let me put that question to go there
Rajan a there in Budapest is Viktor
Orban likely to be worried about the EU
taking Poland the Czech Republic and
Hungary support over their refusal to
accept quotas
korban is a bit worried about EU policy
because European Union money in general
cohesion funds are very important in for
the Hungarian economy a large percent of
our growth is due to the EU funds so
Orban has to pay attention to what -
what's happening in Brussels and he
wants to shape that who with his allies
in Poland and Czech Republic and maybe
now in Austria and Italy to make it a
Europe that that he like he wants to see
he doesn't want to see an integrated
Europe with integrated the migration
policies but the Europe of Nations with
separate identities with strong national
identities that were together on issues
that they want to work together on but
they don't work together when some
parties are not not willing to take a
share of in the burden in London many
people in Hungary see another urban
victory as a threat to democracy and the
end of a state built on the rule of law
how worrying is this do you think well I
think it's certainly a serious challenge
to that liberal conception of Europe
that we've discussed I personally do not
think that boaters in these countries
are wanting to overthrow the democratic
regime if you look at big surveys the
world value survey for example public
support for democracy is very very
strong what we are seeing I would
suggest is perhaps a transition away
from that liberal conception of
democracy that puts a big emphasis on
pluralism and on the right of different
groups to have a say over the over the
decisions that affect everybody's lives
and we're moving into a tie
conception of democracy more referendums
more citizens initiatives more room for
popular will and people like all ban or
salvini in Italy or marine lepen in
France or Nigel Farage in Britain are
not only encouraging that shift but are
tapping into that desire among voters to
have more of a say over these key
decisions all written there in Berlin
so is this Hungarian election then a
threat to the liberal perception of
democracy and and the very values the
poor values of Europe well Albin is
clearly a figure that represents the
alternative to what used to be the
narrative of a pluralist liberal Europe
and it's too early to tell in which
direction things are moving but what is
more concerning than the question of how
many people in Hungary are supportive
for democracy is how the institutional
architecture is changing if the system
of checks and balances is not working
according to what is necessary for a
functioning pluralist system and if the
separation of power doesn't work anymore
because the judicial system is getting
more and more under control of the
executive then you can give a lip
service to I support democracy but how
it works behind the scene and beyond
what leaders have to say about in which
direction they want to move the country
this is what really concerns people who
are supportive for liberal and pure
lists Europe got a raja'na in Budapest
so what do you think the outcome of this
election will mean then for the wider
Europe I mean we have wolves being built
we have brigs it we have populism we
have extremism it all seems a bit gloomy
for a liberal and free Europe though
doesn't it
if can it give me a lot of things for
Europe depending on what the result is I
mean turnout is higher than ever now
today and that means that the winner
which is likely to be Orban he can point
to the turnout numbers and say that I'm
more democratic than had anybody ever in
Hungarian democracy's history because
75% of the voters turned out and voted
for one party or the other and I still
want a majority so that means that I
very legitimate unlike other parties
that might not have won a majority like
for example in Germany nobody has a
material because of the electoral system
Hungarian actor system is very different
so it could it could mean mean that it
strengthens the populist argument that
the people are behind this popular
sentiment throughout Europe and they
reject mainstream parties and mainstream
ideologies and only parties with not too
much support are putting forward this
idea of integrated Europe math leave
between a final thought from you so how
is all of this then like to play out for
the EU
I mean populist leaders as you say are a
thorn in the side of Brussels so what is
it you want to see in Hungary well I
think in the immediate short-term will
see all ban reelected today and I think
we then move to the elections in Sweden
where we'll see probably a strong result
for the populist right Sweden Democrats
and don't forget next year in the spring
of 2019 we have those big European
Parliament elections elections across
the continent and I think what we're
going to see over the next three to five
years as the effects of the financial
crisis can continue to linger on as the
effects of the refugee crisis and also
terrorism and the security issue
continues to play out I think we will
continue to see a fairly sharp right
with drift across Europe where people
like Emmanuel macron actually become the
outliers they are the exception to the
broader trend and thanks to all our
guests Gergely Rajan a in Budapest or
Rick Bruckner in Berlin and Matthew
Goodwin in London and thank you too for
watching you can see the programme again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story and you can also join the
conversation
on twitter our handle is axe AJ inside
story from me down in Jordan I'm holding
here
goodbye for now
