entire families babies children adults
dead the people who remained in Duma
thought they could shelter from the
airstrikes in the basements of buildings
instead witnesses say they suffocated
from a suspected chemical attack their
attack in duma with chemicals many
children have been killed in tents air
strikes by the syrian government and its
allies began on Saturday witnesses
report a barrel bomb with some sort of
gas being dropped rescuers say they're
struggling to get to the survivors and
retrieve the bodies of the dead because
of a strong chlorine like smell they
don't have the protective gear they need
the health care system in Duma has been
decimated unfortunately with the limited
number of medical staff right now it's
taking us longer time to confirm the the
symptoms and the treatment and treat
people and we've seen people our staff
seen people that she's dying waiting to
get their treatment it's reported that
ambulances and a hospital were hit by
airstrikes and the Red Crescent can no
longer operate leaving a small team of
medical professionals with scarce
supplies to tend to the injured the
familiar cycle of recriminations denials
and calls for action has begun using
language heard after last year's
confirmed chemical attack in khan
shaykhun which killed more than 80
people the Syrians and the Russians
called the allegations farcical and
staged the Russians offer to send their
own experts to investigate and disprove
the claims the United States called for
an immediate end to the attacks and for
the international community to respond
it said Russia was betraying its
commitment to the UN and the Chemical
Weapons Convention people say life in
Duma already difficult after weeks of
intense fighting has become even more
miserable on Sunday the Syrian
government says it met with members of
Jaysh al-islam and reached a deal in
exchange for the release of prisoners
fighters and their families will be
allowed safe passage
out of Douma Jaysh al-islam has not
confirmed this but with the Syrian
government's recent advances in Duma it
appears their options are increasingly
limited Natasha Ghanim al jazeera Amman
