in the UK there are civil trials
involving the government that are held
in top secret
they're called closed material
procedures this is where you'd sue mi6
GCHQ and other UK intelligence agencies
for alleged violations of the law the
government introduced these powers under
the Justice and Security Act in 2013 to
enable judges to adjudicate national
security matters and this is how they
work let's say you feel you've covertly
been spied on and claimed you've been
tortured in prison under British
supervision you want to sue the British
government but it demands the case be
heard in secret due to sensitive
information that you may threaten
national security now your case is under
closed material procedures you'd expect
equal access to a judge not quite in
these closed procedures you and your
lawyers are prohibited from the hearings
the government will provide evidence
against you but neither you nor your
lawyers will be allowed to see it let
alone challenge it instead you'll be
represented by an appointed special
advocate a security cleared lawyer but
Special Advocates can't discuss the
hearing all the evidence with you the
evidence will be judged in private and
if the verdict goes against you you
won't be told why this torture and
surveillance is exactly what happened
with a Libyan dissident abdel hakim bel
Hodge and his wife Fatima Bush are for
more than six years they were trying to
sue the British government for their
kidnapping some of the evidence in their
case was considered in secret bail hatch
is a former leader of LIF G an armed
anti-gaddafi group in 2004 he and his
wife were in hiding in China and were
flying to the UK to seek asylum but on
their journey in March 2004 they were
snatched from Thailand and flown to
Libya in what's called extraordinary
rendition
it was carried out by the CIA acting on
information provided by British
officials documents found in ransacked
offices in Tripoli after the fall of
Gaddafi proved this this fax from the
CIA to Libyan intelligence officials
detailed how they were going to conduct
the kidnapping we are planning to take
control of the Perrin Bangkok and place
them on our aircraft for a flight to
your country and a letter from mark Alyn
former mi6 counterterrorism head took
credit for the rendition I congratulate
you on the safe arrival this was the
least we could do for you and for Libya
I know I didn't pay for the air cargo
the intelligence was British Mark
Allen's facts further detailed Tony
Blair's upcoming visit to Libya on the
day of the visit oil giant Shell
announced a 1 billion dollar deal for
gas exploration in Libya
later in 2004 mark Alyn shifted from his
mi6 role to an advisor for BP and in
2007 they secured a 15 billion dollar
drilling contract also in Libya these
documents form the basis of a lawsuit
against Jack Straw who was the UK
foreign secretary at the time mark Alyn
the ex mi6 counterterrorism chief and
other branches of the British government
and its security agencies bail Hajj and
Fatma was subject to intensive
interrogation beatings and sleep
deprivation you're having tea with me
for her delivery Bell Hodge was later
handed over to Libyan interrogators in
Gaddafi's Abu Salim prison Bell Hodge
says he was systematically tortured
there at times he was also questioned by
British agent seeking information on
Gaddafi's other dissidents in the UK
well hat claims that the British and
Americans knowingly sent him in to
torture Jack Straw denied these claims
back in 2005 there simply is no truth in
the claims that the United Kingdom has
been involved in rendition . but in June
a report by the UK intelligence and
Security Committee revealed that British
secret agencies did finance others to
conduct renditions the committee damned
the agency's financing as completely
unacceptable and that it amounts to
outsourcing of actions they knew they
were not allowed to undertake themselves
in one case the report says mi6 obtained
authorization from the Foreign Secretary
Jack Straw for the cost of funding a
plane to render two individuals in
October 2004 after Gaddafi was toppled
in 2011 the British and Americans tried
to patch things up with victims of
rendition and torture but balhae and his
wife refused any settlements or monetary
compensation instead the pair demanded
an official apology from the British
government and was suing for token
damages of only 3 pounds one pound from
each of the defendants and in may 20 18
they got that apology on behalf of Her
Majesty's Government I apologise
unreservedly we are profoundly sorry for
the ordeal which you both suffered and
our role in it but prior to the
settlement the British government wanted
the case to be heard in closed material
procedures critics say this law gives
ministers an unfair advantage and
deprived the claimant of a fair trial
the president of the Law Society of
England and Wales warned that secret
trials are characteristics most commonly
associated with the repressive regimes
and undemocratic societies historically
secret trials were a favorite tool of
dictators who wanted to eradicate
opposition Stalin had his rivals tried
in secret
by military tribunals in the Soviet
Union during the 1930s and the verdicts
were always decided on in advance these
powers may have been introduced to hold
British intelligence to account yet only
rarely have judgments ever gone against
secret agencies the number of closed
cases in the UK currently are small
although exact statistics cannot be
released by law but if history is a
guide secret trials usually serve to
protect the interests of the state
so if transparency and accountability
are key for a democratic state how can
citizens hold the state to account when
evidence of wrongdoing is hidden from
the public
