a window into what life is like in the
rebel-held in clave of Dermer children
mother's father's struggle for oxygen
after a suspected chemical attack
reporters cannot get into the town
civilians cannot get out the internet
videos are the only evidence of her
suffering government shelling started on
Friday the city was pounded with
hundreds of airstrikes and bombs as
night fell on Saturday civilians told Al
Jazeera they saw helicopters and then
the first reports of suffocation came in
because of the non-stop shelling
residents had sheltered in their
basements when the alleged gas attack
happened they were trapped as the guest
seeped through into their hideouts and
its building we found dozens of martyrs
yes in every single building we found
dozens of them and most of them are
women and children syrian state media
and russia have denied the use of poison
gas calling it farcical only few number
of physicians and the medical staff are
left in duma to treat the high number of
casualties many of the families right
now and Duma are taking shield in
basements and using those you know
chemical weapons like chlorine or
similar products by the fact that this
gas goes down to the basement and those
people right now who are taking shield
from barrel bombs are getting
intoxicated with those chemical weapons
and that's what the casualties are
higher Syrian government forces stepped
up their offensive on Duma after a
10-day truce collapsed with rebel group
Jaysh al-islam people are
since yesterday without any food or
water or electricity even the Internet
is cut we are finding an atomic emission
is very hard in everyone here this is an
example a tiny example every the last 24
hour the chilling never stopped more
than 33,000 people have left Duma in the
last five weeks including more than
4,000 Jaysh al-islam fighters and their
families many doctors and nurses also
left those who remained tell al-jazeera
they are overwhelmed with few supplies
and no outside support
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
