a scene of devastation and three
kilometers of highway sealed off by
police the hockey team was on its way to
a must-win playoff game in the
northeastern town of Nepal in when the
crash occurred they were 29 people
aboard the bus including the driver
rescue efforts were hindered by the
remote location and helicopters were
flown in to ferry the injured to
hospital everything about this family
about this tragedy is unprecedented and
it's overwhelming
including the torrential outpouring of
support our organization has received
hockey is the gain that links all
communities in the far-flung reaches of
canada's north and all were touched you
know throughout canada we we see teams
going out into the into the Canadian
winters on buses all the time and you
know it's always a thought in parents
and fans minds about what could happen
and and unfortunately has happened
burners gathered in the hockey teams
hometown of Humboldt that has a
population of less than six thousand and
the sadness made even more acute by the
fact that everyone in this town knew
everyone who died was injured on this
day Mike Hanna al-jazeera
