it's the verdict that 4-weeks put an
anxious and divided city on edge white
Chicago Police Officer Jason van Dyke
was found guilty of the killing of a
black teen a crime that carries a
sentence of up to 20 years in prison
then 16 times one for each bullet he
fired into 17 year-old laQuan McDonald
in 2014
Van Dyke was convicted of aggravated
battery with a firearm the teen was
armed with a knife later found closed
and shown walking away on police video
it was van Dyke who emptied the chamber
the only officer to fire when video of
the killing emerged a year later
protesters filled the streets the trial
featured teary sometimes testy testimony
from the first Chicago police officer
charged with murder in decades
his attorney mounted an impassioned
argument and the one battle dropped that
night he'd be here today but prosecutors
argued that Van Dyke had planned to
shoot before he got out of his car Quan
McDonald was never going to walk home
that night the defendant decided that on
the way to the scene Chicago which still
bears some scars from the infamous 1968
riots was prepared for an outcry the
city's 12,000 police officers were on
alert many of them already deployed
around the city as protesters began to
gather at City Hall officers had a 150
page contingency plan demonstrators had
planned to shut Chicago down at Van Dyke
were not convicted
instead they celebrated everywhere
across the country well we see these
police and justices happening the buck
stop here in Chicago and we pray and we
hope that this gives some inspiration
and encouragement not only to the city
of Chicago but all cities across America
the verdict put the city and police on
notice that the residents of Chicago
will no longer simply accept police
shootings of young black men john
Hendren al jazeera Chicago
