Lulla did not go without a fight he
defied a Friday deadline to hand himself
in to police then on Saturday he
addressed his supporters outside the
metal workers union headquarters near
south bow on the crime that I committed
is a crime they don't want me to repeat
my crime was to put black people and
poor people in the university to enable
them to buy their own homes if that's
the crime I've committed I'd like to say
that I will continue to be a criminal
he's the victim he says of a campaign to
block him standing October's
presidential elections elections many
believe he would win since Dilma
Rousseff's impeachment we have seen a
coup d'etat starting in 2013 they've
been trying to get rid of not only DOMA
but luma and the left-wing parties
supporters in Sao Paulo delayed his exit
while others came to see him off at the
airport saying farewell to the man they
praised for lifting millions of
Brazilians out of poverty we will have
changed Brazil and had a huge influence
across Latin America yet the reaction to
the fall of this once great political
leader has so far been muted perhaps
because he's become just another victim
of the corruption scandal sweeping
Brazil Sao Paulo is Lula's heartland but
the crowds here was small others
elsewhere in Brazil came out to
celebrate his imprisonment but who'll
each give a Bible all the politicians
who stole who took money from Brazil
from security from health care how many
people died waiting in line at hospitals
that's all dirty money if they're guilty
they should go to prison Lula is just
one of the many business people and
politicians from across the political
spectrum to be caught in the web of
corruption investigations sweeping
Brazil that he's by far the biggest to
some a martyr to others just a common
criminal dangling there are jazeera
Curitiba
