hello I'm Sami Zayn this is counting the
cost and Al Jazeera your weekly look at
the world of business and economics this
week pay data from over 10,000
organizations show on average men are
paid more than women at most UK firms
also this week cleaning up cobalt the
first ever attempt to insure cobalt
mined in the DRC is ethical plus China
tells the US president it's prepared to
fight it's the world's biggest economies
play a high-stakes game of poker on
tariffs threats a big reveal in the UK
has got people talking about whether
your gender matters when it comes to
wages that's because companies are now
required to publicly state the
difference between what it pays male and
female employees the purpose to force
employers to look at the barriers facing
women in the workplace the gender pay
gap isn't about equal pay for equal work
discrimination in the workforce is
already illegal the gender pay gap
instead shows the average difference
between how men and women are paid
across organizations and 18:10 UK firms
pay men more than women critics say it's
a crude measure but the UK is one of the
first countries in the world to do this
the findings raise lots of questions and
they've certainly got people talking Nev
Barker has more it is an uncomfortable
truth about the society we live in when
it comes to pay men and women are far
from equal this company employs mostly
women it's hoped that by exposing the
pay gap who will help empower women in
the workplace it's created so much
debate and discussion about pay and
about inequality in the workplace it
creates a sort of opportunity for people
to think again about whether that is
discrimination their offices perhaps and
how they're perceiving women and how
they're defining salaries thousands of
British company is employing more than
250 people have been forced to disclose
pay details around 80 percent pay men
more than
women 13% including the tech giant Apple
pay women more and just 8% including big
chains such as KFC McDonald's and
Starbucks say they have no gap at all
among the worst offenders is the
low-cost airline Ryanair where women
make up only 3% of top earners that's
excluding most of the company's
management who are based in Ireland
Ryanair blames the figures on men mainly
filling pilot roles the construction
industry and the financial sector also
have large pay gaps
the average woman employee at Barclays
or Lloyds Bank can expect to be paid
more than 40 percent less than the
average man there have been some
high-profile pay disputes - with actress
Claire Foy who plays Queen Elizabeth in
the Netflix series the crown earning
less than her male counterpart the
British Prime Minister's vowed to tackle
what she called the burning injustice of
gender inequality only 30 percent of MPs
are women we have to do with those
stereotypes about what kind of jobs men
and women can do about what leadership
looks like why it is that men and women
ask for a pay rise just as often as each
other but men are four times more likely
to get it I know their gender pay gap
deniers this data is hopefully starting
a conversation about how these people
are out of time actually going on in our
country the government says that this
isn't simply about naming and shaming
companies into paying men and women
equal amounts of money it's about
kick-starting a public discussion to try
and make the workplace as representative
as the world around us there's no
punishment for pay gaps although
companies that fail to publish their
figures face legal action some
politicians argue that without a major
societal shift hefty fines are the only
way of forcing firms to close the gap
well joining us now from Manchester is
when the Olson professor of
socioeconomics and head of the
department of social statistics at the
University of Manchester good to have
you with us so what do you think HR
managers should be telling their female
employees today think there'll be a
fewer difficult
stations there should be a routine
conversation anyway so an HR manager
should have you know a process where
people review their pay regularly at
least every year and support people in
their pay bargaining what do you say to
those who criticize the DAR thorough and
say it's not reliable because it doesn't
take into account the differences in
jobs between men and women yes it does
take that into account because they've
taken into they broken the data into
four quartiles so you've got the
different sections of that labor market
within the firm
so they've cleverly found a way to make
those managerial jobs in the top
quartile comparable across firms and
then you have the middle range pay jobs
and then you have the low paid jobs so
if you're a low paid worker it's a very
interesting grid to look at I mean if I
can just run down for your viewers what
the actual regulations say you've got to
give the mean pay in each of those
quartiles and they then give the bonuses
now a lot of these large firms have a
very high percentage of men and women on
bonuses and the bonuses have a much
higher pay gap than the pay so even if
there was some invalidity in there and
it hasn't been checked by government I
think it's still going to reveal an
awful lot and we have seen an oversupply
of people offering their data there's a
lot of jobs lumped together critics will
say within those quartiles there's a lot
of different types of managerial jobs
yeah well that's why it's surprising
that there would be any pay gap you know
if the jobs were all a jumble and
there's all the ones that are let's say
managerial and technical are in that top
quartile then why would there be any
gender difference in the pay you know
each of those in theory should be having
equal pay or pay according to their
desserts and so there shouldn't be any
gender pay gap there's no reason for
gender difference per se well the ONS
says this is one of the arguments of the
critics of the ONS data or how the ONS
data is being interpreted they they go
on to say even the ons itself says
there's not one single measure that
adequately explains or deals with the
complex issue of gender pay differences
are we reading too much into the data as
critics would say when we assume it's
down to Jen
discrimination it's not all down to
gender discrimination there's also the
fact of occupational segregation as
you've pointed out so you might be well
paid in the job that you're in but you
might have left a better job for having
a child and this is very gendered so if
the if there are work stereotypes around
caring for children then it's very
likely we'll keep having this gender
difference in pay so you wouldn't accept
one of the critiques which I read today
for example of this data that some of
the gender pay cap might be explained as
a result of women choosing to do more
part-time jobs which are generally not
as well paid as full-time jobs the
question you should be asking is why are
part-time jobs so badly paid now the pay
gap regulations don't allow any
modification of the average pay
according to being part-time but the
critics would say that would apply to
men and we figure that would apply to
men and women so men who've
predominantly now gone into part-time
jobs when they're young perhaps while
they're studying there are a lot more
men now in part-time jobs and they are
very low paid so if it's a particular
sector that's low paid that may be
justified
but what we've seen over the past couple
of years is actually equalization of pay
in those jobs when the men joined in the
jobs and that's very interesting
fabulous good talking to you thanks so
much for your thoughts thank you thanks
bye now my next guest Julian Jessup is
the chief economist at the IEA Institute
of Economic Affairs he's written a
critique this week saying the gender pay
gap reporting isn't fit for purpose I
asked him why he isn't the supporter two
problems first of all the the data
themselves are not accurately reported
so we often read that men are paid
differently from women as if it paid
differently for doing different for
doing the same job when in fact it's
other differences for example whether
they're working full-time or part-time
or or the type of occupation that
they're doing so the data frequently
misrepresented but well that one's jelly
and forgive me I was just going over
just a point with supporters of the data
say well the data did put people into
quartiles of whether their management or
below management so there was some
attempt
into consideration the difference in
jobs how do you respond to that well not
enough I mean one of the biggest most
important differences between full-time
and part-time incomes which isn't
reflected in these data at all but also
even to the extent that we do find out
that men are over represented in some
occupations rather than others there
isn't necessarily evidence of
discrimination it's certainly not
evidence that people are being paid
differently for doing the same job there
may be a whole host of reasons why men
and women choose or end up in different
professions which are nothing to do with
discrimination certainly nothing to do
with the fault of the employers but many
employers are being demonized those
companies with large gender pay gaps in
favor of men are being described as the
worst performers or being named and
shamed which I don't think is the right
approach at all even if the data is not
being interpreted accurately if it does
show shall we say a scarcity of women in
certain jobs and senior roles doesn't
that reveal some level of gender
discrimination or bias in the workplace
well it may well do but frankly we knew
that already we could look at the the
board of any large UK company we didn't
observe straightaway that there aren't
that many women on those boards by and
large so we knew that already one study
I found by professors from New York
Pennsylvania and Haifa universities
found that when women moved into
occupations in large numbers those jobs
began paying less even after controlling
for things like experience education
skills geography and so on I mean can we
really say that companies are innocent
well I don't think we can say whether a
particular company is guilty or innocent
based on the data that's being provided
to be absolutely clear I have no doubt
at all there is discrimination in the in
the workplace in the UK I do think
there's a lot less discrimination than
there used to be and in particular women
have benefited from the fact it's now
illegal to pay a man differently from
from a woman for doing work of equal
value but to start from the assumption
that any Jaypee gender pay gap is due to
discrimination I think it is unhelpful
how should we then be looking at or
measuring the gender pay gap and how
should we be interpreting it then what's
the right approach what we want
companies to do those have a long term
plan
to improve these numbers over the next
five or ten years and and chasing them
every single year to monitor their
performance against flawed vetrix I
don't think he's going to help but the
the sorts of data I'd like to see
collected are more things like the the
full-time versus part-time difference
but but also a proper analysis of why
women aren't in the top jobs I mean
let's actually ask them is it because
they've chosen not to for example
because they have family or caring
responsibilities if that's the case is
there actually a problem there or is it
that they would like to take those jobs
but simply can't afford the childcare or
their partner for whatever reason is not
willing to help out at home and I think
we need to get into those it could be
because we're not even enough of
opportunity to move into those positions
is that not a third awesome possibility
certainly I'm sure I mean is there any
evidence to actually back up some of
those scenarios which you're saying
which they're actually making a choice
not to go into these senior positions
well it's the evidence of of talking to
women on a daily basis when there are
plenty of women who are you know highly
educated highly skilled who have decided
to stay at home to look after their
children and that that's their free
choice anecdotal that oh no there's
plenty of studies that the academics and
economists more generally have have been
doing to show that relatively little of
the gender pay gap can be explained by
outright discrimination and can you're
by and large is due to due to choices
that people have made alright great to
get your thoughts thanks so much thank
you US stocks are on track for their
worst ever April since the Great
Depression
and a lot of that's got to do with trade
fears will the leaders of the world's
two largest economies embark on an
all-out trade war or reach a trade
compromise on Thursday the war of words
between US president Donald Trump and
China escalated the fear now is damaging
tariffs threats will become reality
then imports will become more expensive
for companies and the economic outlook
will sour Adrian Brown has more from
Beijing well within hours of President
Trump effectively threatening a third
round of tariffs against China
the response from Beijing was angry and
Swift President Trump said he'd asked
his trade representative to determine
whether 100 billion dollars worth of
further tariffs were warranted and if so
where those tariffs should be applied
well a few hours later a statement
appeared on the website of China's
commerce ministry and it warned that
China was ready to pay any cost in any
trade war with the United States and its
spokesman went even further through
warming foul if the exist on
unilateralism and a trade protectionism
against the wishes of China and the
international community we will fight to
the death at any cost
we will resolutely fight back and take
new measures and protect the interests
of our country and the people well just
a day ago of course the United States
had sought to try to lower the
temperature with China saying the threat
of more tariffs was simply the next step
in the negotiating process now we are
back to the brinksmanship on Friday
China's state media which of course is
controlled by the Communist Party sought
to portray China as the victim saying
Trump was simply trying to stop China's
rise and the media had another blunt
message China doesn't do surrender still
to come on counting the cost who's been
looking at your Facebook data some very
unhappy lawmakers will be asking
Facebook CEO some tough questions about
how he runs the world's biggest social
media network
at first the robots may not be coming
for our jobs after or at least not as
many of them see a new OE CD report says
fewer jobs are at risk from advances in
artificial intelligence and robotics
them previously feared but the
paris-based think-tank warned young
people could find it harder to find work
in the future as entry-level posts have
a higher risk of automation on the
world's largest music streaming company
Spotify is changing as of this week it's
now a publicly owned company and there
could be more transformation down the
line to Spotify knows what we listen to
and when and it wants to make money from
that knowledge although it's never
turned the profit it's changing how the
music industry works Rob Reynolds has
more from Los Angeles Spotify his debut
on Wall Street came without the bell
ringing in hullabaloo that normally
accompany heart initial public offerings
the company says its focus isn't on
making a splash but I'm building a
long-term strategy we do think demand is
gonna be strong for Spotify it's you
know it's quite a sexy stock it's quite
a sexy industry the 12-year old Swedish
company jumped into a dominating
position in music streaming convincing
customers to pay a monthly subscription
fee allowing them to choose from
millions of songs online instead of
paying to own individual tunes starting
out with a handful of people working out
of a backroom Stockholm office Spotify
now has 71 million paid subscribers
worldwide that's double the number of
its closest competitor Apple music the
streaming model was initially resisted
by the music industry but since
streaming became widespread around 2015
Spotify has helped drag the music
industry into profitability after a
decade and a half in the doldrums
streaming service revenue now accounts
for 65% of recorded music sales Spotify
also changed the way people listen to
music playlists dominated by hit songs
partly chosen by artifice
intelligence and algorithms now
influence what consumers hear instead of
individually developed tastes and
preferences Spotify has not yet turned a
profit but the company expects to have
96 million subscribers and more than six
billion dollars in revenue by the end of
this year rob reynolds al jazeera los
angeles a chinese company has been
accused of mining sand illegally and
almost destroying an entire village in
mozambique Amnesty International has
launched an investigation into the high
u mining company
Charlotte Bellis reports Nagoya is a
small fishing village built upon sand
dunes and northern Mozambique it's an
idyllic setting for a simple life but on
their doorstep a global battle is
building the people of new Gonia versus
China's high u mining company the
villagers complained hi use sand mining
blocked lagoons which they say caused
severe flooding in 2015
48 homes were swept out to sea and more
than 170 damaged and buried Amnesty
International spent two years
investigating how it happened
the report reveals the corporate conduct
of a Chinese mining company that
threatened to wipe out a small village
of about 1,000 people into the Indian
Ocean how you mind force and to extract
certain minerals it boasts it can
process 20 tons of sand a day and
employs more than 500 people China is
the largest source of direct foreign
investment in the country and holds the
majority of its foreign debt the
investment should be welcomed in Nagoya
which lies in one of Mozambique's
poorest provinces the point
unfortunately is that the company and
the government are putting the profits
first then the human developments and
also the human rights of these people
almost 300 people are now homeless but
high uses the flooding was a result of
abnormally heavy rain the company
received its mining concession and 20
11 and 2 nice it's altered the Jones in
any way 99 percent of the sand remains
at its point of origin and is not
extracted this contradicts the idea that
there was a change in the channel for
underground waters which is not true
time is not on the side of these
Mozambicans satellite images shown
mining activities getting ever closer to
the village they want to safeguard
what's left of their lives and want the
government to investigate hire you and
negotiate the compensation Nago nia was
named after a crocodile that taunted
locals from a nearby lagoon these days
villagers say the crocodile comes from
China
you've heard about blood diamonds what
about blood batteries cobalt is a key
raw material in electric batteries which
are likely to drive the future of
automation lithium-ion batteries also
power smartphones so prices have soared
over 200 percent in the past five years
most of the resources mined in dangerous
conditions in the Democratic Republic of
Congo the DRC is home to 60% of the
world's Cobalt some mines were found to
employ child labour was growing consumer
awareness though of the high human cost
of cobalt mining now joining us from
Greenville in South Carolina by Skype is
Nicholas Garrett Nicholas is the
executive director and co-founder of RCS
global a UK supply chain audit company
which is in charge of implementing the
first-ever pilot scheme to produce
ethical cobalt from Congo sounds
fascinating good to have you with us but
how do you actually audit the Global
cobalt supply chain it's hi there good
morning as Sami it's a pleasure to be
here
now the actual auditing process of the
supply chain is relatively complex
because the supply chain obviously spans
the entire globe in the past you would
have my inside assessments at the very
beginning of the supply chain you were
to look at ads refiners and and smelt
isn't there feedstock equally there's an
audit process that happens in quite
often in Asia where much of the
manufacturing of cobalt containing
products occurs where there's factory or
it's involved and obviously then the
chain eventually lands up at be at the
large automotive brands electronic
brands etc that use cobalt in the
batteries that power the devices that
you like to use okay but when you're
talking about the Congo in particular
sorry the Democratic Republic of Congo
it's a very different situation when it
comes to DRC mines isn't it you actually
have people there on the ground
monitoring what's going on making sure
there's no child labor for example
involved and so on and so forth so the
way it works is that we have we
permanently permanently monitor mine
sites and trading chains for human
rights and incidents and for
environmental issues
through our own monitoring agents so
these are trained agents that use a
smartphone application to register any
incidents that they observe for the bit
that they get reported and are then 24
hours a day sort of thing or as long as
the mines are open is is a monitor
always present and watching yes so this
is this is correct
obviously with humans you obviously have
to account for open for you know sick
days etc but in principle the monitors
are there 24/7 this data is available to
supply-chain participants which means
that if you are sitting in Palo Alto or
if you're sitting in Stuttgart in
Germany and you in your headquarters of
your automotive brand you will be able
to log and log on and see the conditions
of the production at the very bottom of
your supply chain wonderful thanks so
much for explaining it to us you're
welcome and finally unlucky number 87
Facebook has revealed it compromised the
privacy of millions more users than
initially reported chief executive Mark
Zuckerberg says he won't stand down
because of the scandal and no one at the
company has been fired Alan Fisher
reports Facebook has come in for heavy
criticism after which revealed the data
of millions of users had been shared
with outside parties initially it was
thought by media sources the breach took
in 50 million users now it's been
revealed by Facebook itself after an
internal review the figure is much
higher 87 million Facebook CEO Mark
Zuckerberg told reporters on a
conference call
no plans to step down and the company
would change the way it handled users
data in the future now we have to go
through every part of our relationship
with people and make sure that we're
taking a broad enough view of our
responsibilities it's not enough to just
connect people we have to make sure that
those connections are positive and that
they're bringing people closer together
it's not enough to just give people a
voice we have to make sure that people
are not using at voice to hurt people or
to spread this information and it's not
enough to give people tools to sign in
tasks we have to ensure that all those
developers protect people's information
to Facebook didn't tell any of its users
back in 2015 that information had been
accessed by the firm Cambridge analytic
ah which was contracted by the Trump
presidential campaign to help election
ad targeting it now faces questions
about the number of fake news stories
posted during the election and the
presence of Russian operatives on the
service the company also had links to
another firm which provided analysis for
the vote leave campaign in the British
EU referendum of the 87 million
potentially affected users more than 70
million are in the u.s. Mark Zuckerberg
will face a US House Committee next week
to discuss the scandal and several
states are investigating what happened
and if any laws were broken and that's
our show for this week but remember you
can get in touch with us via Twitter use
the hashtag AJ CDC when you do or drop
us an email of counting the constant al
jazeera dotnet
is our address there's more for you
online at Al Jazeera comm / CTC that'll
take you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and the entire
episodes for you to catch up on
that's it for this edition of counting
the cast time Sammy's a ban from the
whole team here now thanks for joining
us the news on al Jazeera is next
