after months of early starts and late
finishes on the farm
getting the right price at market is
everything profit margins are tight so
every dollar counts steeped in tradition
melton mowbray has one of Britain's
oldest livestock markets what matters
here is what the future may hold after
breakfast the concern is where we're
going to take a big hit in terms of
income
most of our sheep are exported to the
continent and I can't see that that's
going to continue we'll carry on as
normal
they forgot anything any good people
will buy it for more than 40 years the
way Britain has farmed has been shaped
by Brussels when it leaves the European
Union it's inevitable that the way
farmers operate will have to change
brexit means an end to the four billion
dollars British farmers receive in EU
subsidies membership of its Common
Agricultural Policy and leaving the
single market which allows the free
movement of people and produce in
Lincolnshire there's a break in the
weather
allowing Radice lab from Bulgaria to
plant strawberries every year 80,000
seasonal workers are needed in the UK to
harvest fruit flowers and vegetables
seventy-five percent come from Romania
and Bulgaria the rest are largely from
other parts of the EU for our business
and many businesses like ours if we
can't have access to a labour force that
is generally from from Eastern European
we will stop growing soft fruit it'll be
as simple as that we wouldn't have the
staff to carry out the picking and
packing the UK government says it's
determined to get the best deal for the
food and farming industries subsidies
will be replaced by a different payment
system farmers leaders say that after
years of red tape bricks it could
provide an opportunity we need to have a
policy which the government is committed
to do which produces sustainable
profitable farming
high productivity fantastic animal
welfare the great environmental benefits
that's possible to do that and that's
what we want to see happen back at the
market all eyes are on the next lot many
here are hoping changes to the political
landscape will yield good results
EMA Haywood al Jazeera in Leicestershire
