in cat - busy streets it is not unusual
to find archaeological wonders this is
dango hitti an ancient water spout
statues of gods and goddesses decorated
but many are replicas the statue of uma
Maya showed which was here still comes
before my eyes says skill and treasure
who possessed the sight the 12th century
statue of the Hindu gods Shiva and his
wife Parvati was stolen in the early
1980s
replacement was put here for devotional
purposes these are gods and goddesses
and they're living when suddenly they
get lifted and taken away what is tragic
is that it's not only a stealth from a
museum it stealth from a living museum
itself from a living culture many of
these statues are several hundred years
old but most are not secured in 1960 70s
and 80s thousands of statues and other
heritage items were stolen from
Kathmandu Valley many of them are in
museums in the West most of them never
make their way back home but oh mama
shows statue which was with the New
York's Metropolitan Museum of Art has
found its way back the museum discovered
an 11th century statue of Buddha had
also been stolen we were offered the
standing buddha as a gift in the end of
2015 in reviewing the offer of gift i'd
went back and looked at liliane bangles
and very seminal publication and
discovered the work was published there
as having never been stolen in the mid
1980s and in the course of that
investigation also discovered that
Omaha's Ferrara that which was living in
our storage room been in the museum for
thirty years although this had the same
the same history I refused to register
for the collection but rather suggested
there to be we initiate a conversation
with the Government of Nepal about its
return here the returned statues were
unveiled at Nepal's Department of
Archaeology museums are under no legal
obligation to return cultural artifacts
but your cause for repatriation can be
made if there is proof that they were
still
we don't know how many of our statues
are scattered around the world we have
records of some of them and we'll try to
get them back through the Interpol the
statues of Buddha and Shiva and Parvati
will be displayed at the National Museum
in Katmandu but some community elders
from Tonga Haiti want to see shivani's
wife back on the street where they used
to be before they were snatched and
taken to the United States via shrestha
al Jazeera Kathmandu
