this is the security camera that
recorded the arrival of eight police
officers on motorcycles on the night of
17th September 2013 it's time code was
off so the precise time of the police
arrival was unknown police have said
they arrived after the killing of rapper
Pavlos fyssas
and too late to prevent it eyewitnesses
for the prosecution said the police were
present forensic architecture a research
unit at Goldsmiths University in London
has now answered that question
by matching material from eleven
security cameras to precisely time-coded
police dispatch recordings they
corroborated what prosecution witnesses
said they were saying from the very
beginning that the police was present on
the scene and did not intervene indeed
we found that we found out that they
arrived at the scene about five minutes
before the murder took place the defense
tried to have the analysis thrown out
but the court deemed it admissible we
can see groups of people attacking
somebody who is obviously published at
the time of the of the stabbing we can
see at least two policemen being at the
scene five to ten meters away and not
intervening so the killer passes right
through them
right in front of them the two police
officers who stood here evidently hadn't
realized what happened because after the
stabbing they try to arrest the victim
rather than the killer it's only because
fils has told them he'd been stabbed
showed them his wounds and pointed to
his killer that the killer was arrested
at all golden Dawn's leader and members
of parliament were indicted on charges
of running a criminal organisation under
the guise of a political party and
faeces family lawyers say the precise
time coding now proves the organized
nature of the crime what the video
confirms is a simultaneous arrival of
the Golden Dawn members because we see
eight motorcycles with two riders on
each and three cars with passengers
arriving as a convoy all of them turned
down the street we're faced as his
friends are except for the killer's car
which circles the block and then returns
to kill phasis the video proves the
arrival of Golden Dawn was coordinated
they had a plan which suggests a part
conspiracy you can't set this up in 20
minutes police won't comment on the new
analysis because the trial is ongoing
but there is now powerful evidence that
this killing was carefully orchestrated
and politically motivated and that
police were unprepared for violence of
this kind jumps are Apollo's al Jazeera
Athens
