beyond sami Abdurrahman thanks for
joining me on upfront last September
despite opposition from a lot of your
allies from your neighbors from the
Iraqi government the Kurdish regional
government the KRG in Iraq went ahead
and held their independence referendum
in which more than 90% of those who
voted supported your region going
independent from the rest of Iraq but
what was the point of that vote given
you're not independent more than six
months later and you know it you don't
see any way closer to being independent
more than six months later our intention
was never to declare independence
immediately we never and we still don't
believe in a unilateral declaration of
independence our intention was to allow
the people of Kurdistan to voice or
express their will for the first time
ever and also to send a message to our
neighbors to Baghdad to the
international community that this is
what people want we've believed that
having a referendum would allow that to
happen and then we would talk to Baghdad
about our future relationship so we
never envisaged that we would be
independent by now six months after the
referendum so when do you envisage being
independently well the dream of
independence will never be extinguished
I think that's a fact that everybody has
to live with but we're also pragmatists
after the referendum there's been a
collective punishment of our people our
neighbors have reacted the United States
and Europe were not helpful so we
understand the realities that we live
with right now we're focused on the
Iraqi elections which are coming up in
May and looking forward to the next
phase after that but you didn't answer
my question
when is Independence going to happen it
depends because it depends on our
dialogue with Baghdad we want to
separate the referendum said that we
want to separate from the rest of Iraq
that has to be a negotiated settlement
but we're not in that phase right now we
are in the wake of the referendum where
the people of Kurdistan are being
punished and we are just trying to
manage they're being punished you say
you talk about collective punishment
I'm sure the Iraq government wouldn't
agree with that assessment
but let's take your word they're being
punished isn't that a reflection of how
you failed your people then because you
held a referendum you made these
promises they voted for it the result
was what you wanted and now they're
being punished so it backfired on you
hasn't it I want to clarify one thing
there has been a punishment of our
people but very recently in the past
several weeks our relationship with
Baghdad has started to get better so I
want to just put that out there
with regards to whether we have failed
our people I'll tell you something Matti
I have heard so many foreign officials
and even Iraqi officials say describe
the referendum as the failed referendum
the problem actually isn't that it was a
failure the problem for everybody is
that it was a great success seven out of
ten voters eligible voters turned out
nine out of those who vote in voted yes
if you do success of the referendum is
that it happened that's your definition
of success
one of the definitions keep in mind that
we're part of Iraq where we have had
genocide repeatedly not once repeatedly
against the people of Kurdistan most
recently under Isis you're not
suggesting the current Iraqi government
is bent on genocide against your people
no no no I'm not I'm talking about our
history I mean nobody's questioning
history we talk about right now
yes but the decisions we make today and
tomorrow are informed by our past for us
we looked at Iraq as a place that is not
a home a comfortable home for the Kurds
2003 came along it became clear the u.s.
wanted to liberate Iraq intervene in
Iraq we decided that we wanted to be
part of this new Iraq because this could
be the Iraq we had hopeful federal
democratic pluralistic that didn't
happen this is what led us to a
referendum we have had to fight for our
own survival in the survival of Iraq by
fighting - or Isis we have taken care of
1.8 million displaced people in Syrian
refugees we have had to deal with a
crashing oil prices we have had to deal
with Baghdad many would say dealing will
crash and oil prices and refugees
it would be easier many would argue to
deal with those problems that you have
had to deal with ISIL oil price issues
Syrian refugees if you were part of Iraq
rather than on your own but we were part
of Iraq in 2014 okay
we were part of Iraq we hadn't had a
referendum our budget is cut off a war
is imposed on us genocide is committed
against our people once again by the
Iraqi government to be fair okay why did
it happen because the Sunni Arab
community in Iraq was completely
disillusioned to some Isis look like a
better alternative I'm sure they
regretted it eventually but at that
moment again it was the failed policies
of Baghdad what about your own allies in
the West the US the UK stood with you
for a long time and yet the US
government says the vote and the result
lacks legitimacy the UK government says
your leadership behaved in a regrettable
fashion the EU said it was a
counterproductive move why do all of
these Western allies of yours why they
so upset with you how many independence
movements has America supported how many
independence movements has the u.s. view
the u.s. in Kosovo okay name me others
they were they were against Estonia
Lithuania Latvia countries that today
are part of the EU and and enjoy full
rights so we expected those countries to
be against our referendum what we didn't
expect is the unsophisticated way in
which they would go about it they didn't
take into account that with every
statement especially the United States
but us and Europe with every statement
they made against the referendum they
were embolden enables and Baghdad to
think that the Kurds were alone and that
they could punish us we raised this
issue with them we said we understand
you're against it but they created it
became a self-fulfilling you're a
diplomat and you're telling me we didn't
expect them to do this we didn't know
Baghdad would punish us it looks like
you guys walked into this completely
unprepared and surely it backfired
even on your own we didn't expect that
the United States I'm asking maybe we
should but we also have an obligation to
our people I am a dip
and we have very good relations today
with the United States and our European
friends but we also have an obligation
first and foremost to our people it is
right that the people of Kurdistan
should be able to express their wish we
didn't commit a crime
by having a referendum the right to
self-determination is enshrined in the
UN the same UN that all of these
countries want us to look up to and
abide by the rules of it is enshrined in
the UN Charter the reason a lot of
people are weary about independence as
you know is because they look at what's
going on there already you look at the
two main political parties your own
kurdistan democratic party the KDP
and the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan the
puk a lot of the critics of these two
parties not just your party would say
they fail to lay the groundwork for
stable governance a stable political
system a stable economy rule of law
independent judiciary instead they've
given your people a system plagued with
corruption nepotism tribalism and that's
why you know what maybe independence is
not the right route for an area like
that to have well I would say that the
achievements of the Kurdistan region are
significant if you look at where we were
in 1991 when the no-fly zone was first
established over Kurdistan in Iraq we
had just come out of one and a half
decades of genocide by Saddam Hussein
four and a half thousand villages were
destroyed Kurdistan was crushed
economically politically militarily from
1991 to 2003 we had our ups and downs in
a very dark period but we came out of it
after 2003 to 2013 14 Kurdistan really
flourished our economy boomed we created
an oil industry from scratch all of the
oil and gas wealth in Kurdistan had been
neglected over decades for the first
time we were able to export our own or
exploit our own resources you could
agree that you've made significant
achievements since 1991 and since 200
while also pointing out there's massive
corruption there is I mean the Deputy
Prime Minister the KRG who bought
Talabani said and I quote that there
Pharaoh's in the KRG quote confiscating
lands building villas doing business
smuggling killing people and journalists
and that the KRG has failed to stand up
to these people who appear on television
on a daily basis talking about
corruption I think he was referring to a
particular person when he made this
comment but you're wider point about
corruption yes there is corruption could
we have done better can we do better
absolutely we can but let's also be
realistic since 2014 Kurdistan has had
shock after shock first our budget was
cut second we've been engaged in a very
costly war in terms of human lives and
the finances that the financial
connection predated the ISIL in 2016 I
remember you telling me then that we
could do better on corruption we should
do a few years later it's getting worse
not better there are hundreds of cases
now according to the commission of
integrity in the KRG being referred to
courts being dealt with you have the
Deputy Prime Minister talking about it
in this very open way about Pharaoh's
running the care but I think these I
think the Deputy Prime Minister talking
about it openly the integrity Commission
having cases to deal with these all show
that it's a subject we talk about that
it's such a huge problem it's a subject
that we're dealing with and we are
dealing with it in very practical ways
we have instigated a biometric system of
registering all civil servants everybody
who receives a government pension or
allowance anybody who benefits from the
government system they are registered so
there is no room for ghost employees
with regards to our oil industry we have
hired Deloitte to audit all of our
revenues and contracts going back
retrospectively we are taking practical
steps where we are going to reform the
finance ministry hello I want to answer
your point from you have repeatedly said
there is corruption I don't deny this
corruption dealing with it but you can't
deal with it if it's built into the
system is my point
you want to create an independent state
but what's it built on you have a
president of the KRG up until November
Massoud Barzani who had to extend his
term in office twice just to stay in
power 12 years his son is currently head
of the intelligence services
his nephew is the Prime Minister Kurdish
politics sounds like a family business I
think you trying to get away from the
Arab family businesses you're doing your
own family business politics in the KRG
that's that's the future of Kurdistan
those people those parties that you talk
about the judgment of our family to be
honest okay but let me their families
who lead political parties very
democratic somewhere those parties are
elected by the public and the public
knows who is the leader president
Barzani is no longer president of the
region he remains president of the
Kurdistan Democratic Party when people
vote and they will vote in the Kurdistan
elections this year as well as the Iraqi
elections people know who they're voting
for if it is these parties or the KDP
let's say my party is led by the
Barzani's many people are proud of their
record many people look up to them for
leadership there are issues in our
society naturally every political system
which is dominated by nepotism and
cronies that's the defense offered the
people are happy with the rulers people
vote they will have another opportunity
to vote this year did they vote for the
head of the intelligence services no but
they vote they vote for the party that
will have the most secret number I know
you have okay I know you have to go so
one last question
on the matter of Kurdish independence
Joost Hill Turman who directs the Middle
East and North Africa program at the
International Crisis Group he said
recently it's fine to want to be
independent
people have their right to
self-determination so it's not an issue
of right or wrong the question was did
they the Kurds have the capacity and was
the timing right clearly they didn't
have the capacity and the timing was
terrible looking back now doesn't he
have a point surely you must concede
that at least I'm glad that he
recognizes the right to
self-determination because a lot of
international figures seem to forget
that when it comes to Kurdistan we we
are right to express our will in a
referendum we haven't committed a crime
we said from day one this is a
referendum to hear the voice of the
people we are not going to declare
independence unilaterally that still
remains the position today we are
looking for Iraq that believes in the
Constitution that everybody voted for in
2005 we believe that the Constitution is
the way forward for us I believe if the
rocki constitution of 2005 had been
implemented fully we may not have had a
referendum no regrets on the referendum
whatsoever personally I have no regrets
I voted yes and I would vote yes again
and I believe there are many people that
believe that man thank you so much for
joining me on that front
