he's promised a new era for China but
critics of President Xi Jinping have
compared him to Chairman Mao last month
the Chinese parliament voted to remove
presidential term limits giving Xi
Jinping the right to remain in office
indefinitely so what does one man would
virtually unchecked power mean for the
future of China and for the rest of the
world joining me to debate this are
Sharon Homme executive director of the
NGO human rights in China and professor
of law at New York University and from
Beijing Qin doshu a political analyst at
China Radio International and senior
fellow at the pango Institution thank
you both for joining me in the arena
Chindi let me start with you is Xi
Jinping a some say of the new Mao one of
his biographers says he's now Emperor
for life no it's different from the
period that run by Chairman more for one
thing this is not at the Cultural
Revolution in the 1960s so we are living
in the 21st century with this 24/7
basically water war media coverage and
also social media no government no one
person can basically control the whole
society no it's not the case and
secondly I think a lot of people don't
really understand you know what's going
on within China especially with this
removal of a thermal limit I think there
is of course technical reasons they want
to bring the term ins unified with the
party secretary and also chairman of the
Central Military Commission and also I
think I would see this as part of the
Chinese exploration to seek a model you
know that's fit perfectly for the
Chinese situation
so that's part of efforts I don't think
this is the end of the Chinese politics
this is not the end of like the history
protected at the end of the collapse of
a former Soviet Union no it's not the
end of that it's a process
Sheringham what's your view is China
heading into a new even harsher era of
strongman rule of
one man rule well I think it's China's
gone backwards and I think China has
gone back backwards at least 40 years in
several respects one it's China has gone
backwards because it's failing to learn
the lesson of the Cultural Revolution
and the lesson of the Cultural
Revolution was to have all power
concentrated in one liter that's
unaccountable to the people truly
accountable to the people will
inevitably lead to mass suffering and
abuses and that's one lesson the second
is the difference between the Mao era
one is China is part of a global economy
secondly Chinese people today are not
like the people that were closed off
during the Cultural Revolution you've
got almost 800 million online on the
Internet and despite censorship despite
legal controls restrictive controls
propaganda controls the fact remains
that you can't control 1.4 billion
people's views jindo Sharon says there
that one man responded here you can
respond specifically I would like you to
respond to the point she made about she
didn't bring being one man unaccountable
to the people and that leads to abuses
if you look at the Chinese this is the
changes to the Constitution and the
Chinese government and what they have
done since the concluding of the two
sessions over there you'll see the
tremendous changes that evolved like
about 18 ministries or agencies about
institutional reforms and also the
National Superbird supervisory
commission this is super body for
anti-corruption campaign all those
efforts are actually a response to the
public content or discontent about
corruption and if you look at what China
has achieved over the past couple of
years in terms of treating the pollution
issue you could see what China has
achieved basically it's something in the
two key Los Angeles and London decades
to achieve 30% reduction of the
pollution in this densely populated area
like Beijing of Shanghai so that's the
response from the government they are
very responsible to the public okay sure
so I would say you know China system is
very different from the western-style
but it is very responsive Sharon isn't
that a fair point that we need to
recognize the good things that China has
done with this undemocratic model in
terms of in terms of cleaning up the
environment extreme poverty development
would you concede that so there are
three things to say about that first of
all no one contests that millions of
people have been lifted out of poverty
and that China is leading and doing very
important in technology green technology
and in dealing with the pollution
problem but the third thing is is that
growing inequality in China is a fact
and that the economy is slowing down and
that's going to exacerbate the problem
the issue is not whether China Western
model Chinese model I really want to
emphasize that every system including
the US has problems and so the issue is
not whether one system is better than
another the question is whether the
people who are the most directly
affected by the policies and by the
choices of the leaders have a voice and
that's what's key and in China it is a
hostile restrictive environment for any
voice that is critical of Xi Jinping or
of the party isn't Sharon correct there
that there you cannot criticize he is
he's in a sense a supreme leader the
Chinese model was supposed to be about
consensus the party you know elites
coming together a meritocracy that was
what we were told
even by Chinese standards this is a
pretty radical move one-man rule it is a
radical change let's say and if you look
at his re-election that's by unanimously
the delegates about 3,000 of them
unanimously elected mr. C to continue
they really have a choice of course you
can drop your vote or you can vote
against that because nobody's the
opponent again at your head to force you
to do something no and also if you look
at the the pose 84% of the Chinese
respondents thinks you know their
government they have
in their government and the six 8% of
them went coming to the government of
leadership think the Chinese government
will lead them to a better future before
we run out of time let me ask you this
about bringing it back to the the
president of China Xi Jinping broke with
tradition last October by not naming a
successor at the Communist Party's
National Congress and now clearly you're
a supporter of is you think indefinite
rule is not a problem
but surely Chinese politicians must be
wondering what comes next he's not a
young man is there an air we don't know
basically what we're happening say 10
years from now 15 years from here is
basically this issue what we know what
we know is like stability and continuity
of Chinese development rapid development
6.5 percent that's for almost for sure
for next year
for the next five years or three years
that's the predictability
that's a stability Chinese people are
welcoming okay Sharon well I want to say
that President Xi Jinping has actually
indicated quite publicly and repeatedly
that he does have ambitions and he does
feel he is a global leader and he does
feel that China should be a global
leader and it's reflected in the party
work report it's reflected in the next
five years plan so Xi Jinping thought
with absolute leadership of the party
and with the role of the party
domestically and the role of China
internationally is encapsulated in
official policy given everyone agrees
that China has opened up economically
made progress economically on this
president's watch on this president
who's making radical changes as Jindo
conceded are we going to see political
opening up as well are we going to see
more quote on quote liberal moves more
democratic moves jindo than Sharon no
you know because a lot of people who the
look at China with the background to the
cultural background the Western cultural
background and the Western tradition
people tend to use the Western rules
basically Western rulers to measure the
Chinese development say whether China is
a democracy or whether China have these
checks and balances or whether China
does
feet to this model or not no China will
never be like the US will never be in
democracy and developing and doing very
well a poverty reduction yes we have our
own challenges we have our own models so
I would say please respect the
challenges development you know China
has been successful Chinese people are
happy and the people say hey you are
different from us that you are calm this
country so you must be bad this is crazy
Sharon so I think it's very important
that when we say that when we say the
Chinese people I really don't think not
even that you can say 1.3 billion people
believe what mister she just said or
what Xi Jinping says they should believe
if you think about the rights defense
lawyers the human rights defenders if
you talk to Tibetans and we Gers if you
talk to intellectuals if you talk to the
all the thousands of signers of charter
o8 lucia alba if you think about Xu Zhu
Jung and countless of Chinese citizens
who demanded reforms and political
reforms the 78 democracy wall the 89
tenement democracy movement these are
Chinese people Chinese women feminists
who are organizing peacefully around
domestic violence issues and
discrimination against women these are
all issues that Chinese society faces
and Chinese people have something to say
about it and they have a voice and it's
not monolithic and we have to help
create the space that enables them to
decide what kind of future and what kind
of present they want we'll have to leave
it there
Sharon Homme jindo Xu thank you both for
joining me in the arena that's our show
upfront we'll be back next week
you
