this is Grace Mugabe farm in Missouri
just outside the capital Harare one of
several properties the Mugabe family
owns the Babu's former first lady says
these men recently invaded her property
and are illegally digging for gold that
belongs to her the men say in fact their
families have been working in this area
nearly 15 years missus megistus away in
2013 her security guards gave us four
hours to clear out we were told to take
all our things and leave some of the
miners have sued Grace Mugabe for
allegedly calling them thieves and
invaders they are demanding $100,000 in
compensation
Mugabe says the intrusion on her land is
politically motivated the rights of a
person who has surface rights and the
person who has mining rights should be
respected in this instance the legal
argument that's being put forward is our
client has both the surface rights and
during the land reform period in
Zimbabwe property was seized from white
commercial farmers and given to black
Zimbabweans people were resettled in
this area by government the soil is said
to be good for growing and below the
surface rich in minerals the government
is mrs. Micawber's claims that she is
being victimized I'm not sure why she's
being a crybaby and not following the
legal process just like everyone else
and go to the courts to talk to ensure
that justice is done
as for the allegation that she has been
having problems since a husband left
office I am not aware of any problems
except that she has a dispute with with
these miners in villages which is a
long-standing dispute it's just one of
several controversies facing Grace
Mugabe the police say they are also
investigating a case in which she
allegedly smuggled two million dollars
worth of ivory to buyers overseas then
there's the accusation that the phd she
received four years ago was fortunately
obtained the Mugabe family took the farm
in the early 2000s people living in the
area were told to leave since then the
Mugabe is have I disagreements with
village
and farmers over the use of the Missouri
dam and other resources these miners say
Grace Mugabe is no longer the country's
first lady and does not have the
political authority to remove them they
insist they are here to stay with the
Grace Mugabe likes it or not
Cara Matassa al Jazeera Zoey
