Lulla and his many supporters defied the
authorities for as long as they could
here at the metal workers union
headquarters in Sao Paulo he missed a
deadline to hand himself in to the
authorities he and his supporters
maintaining he is innocent of the
corruption charges leveled against him
here we are here we are with the world
looking at us everyone is accompanying
us closely closely monitoring the
situation that threatens our democracy
but ludas options have run out his legal
team has exhausted all appeals he will
attend a ceremony to mark the birthday
of his late wife then we'll travel to
the southern city of Curitiba where a
special jail cell awaits him so Brazil
is a country very much divided with many
here believing that justice will only be
done if Lula serves his 12 years and one
month sentence many others feel that
he's the victim of a political
persecution to stop him running in
October's presidential elections
elections they feel he would almost
certainly win support for Lula has also
come from abroad from the left-wing
politicians in office across Latin
America what he led Brazil from 2003 to
2010 it is an absurd trial that they
have done to Lula they have condemned
him without any proof and the reality of
what they're doing is outlawing the
greatest political leader from being
president however many in Brazil is
celebrating what they see as justice
being done but even the once-mighty
must pay for their crimes I came here
just so I could see close up when this
corrupt man Lula goes to prison
guilty or innocent for him or against
him the sight of Lula being taken to
prison is still one that will shake
Brazil languish when an Al Jazeera Sao
Paulo
