in the world according to Viktor Orban
Hungary is a fortress under siege its
defences threatened by refugees and the
values of liberal democracy one man
represents both the face of billionaire
philanthropist and native Hungarian
George Soros is the centerpiece of all
bands reelection campaign the open
borders Soros supports our everything or
band stands against at the soros funded
open society foundations promoting human
rights free expression and good
governance they're concerned about an
expected tightening of anti NGO laws
after the election by cracking down on
civil society where do you get you
basically you get to a point where all
diverging opinions we're all critical
voices are silenced that's a way to sort
of like establish an authoritarian
regime and that's what's taking place
now in Hungary the Central European
University is another Soros funded
institution facing difficulties last
year thousands gathered to protest
against plans to shut down one of the
few remaining outlets of free thought
and discussion former foreign minister
peter baelish teaches at CEU and
explains why he thinks the government
wants these critical voices silenced to
stay on power forever not to be
challenged anytime by any opposition
forces to keep all the money they have
accumulated himself his family his close
friends on Hungary's southern border a
cold war-era Watchtower is a reminder of
decades of Soviet subjugation never to
be repeated three years ago Orban
invoked the 16th century Ottoman
invasion as thousands of refugees
marched along this railway line into
Hungary and Western Europe in Viktor
orb√°n's Hungary history repeats itself
centuries ago Christian soldiers
repelled the invading Muslim Ottoman
hordes just as modern-day savior Orban
himself as built a fence to keep the
refugees out in the same way the
overlords of Soviet Moscow have been
replaced by pro-immigration
pro-democracy
figures like George Soros and the
bureaucrats of Brussels and though Orban
denies it Jewish groups see another
appeal to history in the vilification of
Soros is really the cliche that that
Jews are secretly working to undermine
the European white and Christian race
external threats and the enemy within
there's little talk of real problems
like corruption crumbling health care
and education just the need for a strong
leader like Viktor Orban Jonah hull al
Jazeera Budapest
