one is packing to go again this has been
his life since he left his family in
Honduras to join the caravan of migrants
heading through Mexico he says he had no
choice but to leave I had problems with
the Mara's gangs in Honduras they wanted
me to join them and I don't like those
things so they came looking for me to
kill me
gangs and poverty the twin curses of
Central America especially Honduras and
El Salvador these people are trying to
escape their stories are harrowing and
helico says gang members raped her twice
and extorted her small tortilla business
until she couldn't pay then they said
they'd take her five-year-old daughter
Ashley instead they sell the children to
people for sexual abuse that was when I
decided to leave my country because I
didn't want my daughter to suffer what
I'd gone through this caravan has
infuriated President Trump who feared a
mass border hawk on Thursday he appeared
to refer to a tax that many migrants
suffer on route to the States
and yesterday it came out this journey
coming up women are raped at levels that
nobody has ever seen before
he plans to send National Guard
reinforcements to the us-mexico border
many people in the United States
including President Trump and his
supporters say no you should stay in
your own country and on Duras and fix
things there why are you running to our
country what would you respond to that
with people need help why not give it
why does the u.s. president discriminate
against us the caravan that's been at
the center of so much controversy has
split some people are still following
its route others like the ones on this
bus to Mexico City have decided to go
their own way either to ask for refuge
in Mexico or to try and get to the
United States
many have family back home who depend on
their making it like Veronica guardado
trying to help her husband and three
sons in El Salvador swear Lucifer our
sinister familia it hurts depart from
the family and only see them in video
calls but I have an aim to get the
family ahead and raise good men
not bad ones with President Trump
looking to tighten the US border still
further the future she's searching for
looks increasingly out of reach John
Holman al Jazeera Oaxaca Mexico
