cooperating or clashing over the killing
of Jamaal keshavjee Turkey's president
says the Saudi journalist was the victim
of a savage premeditated murder but
other questions remain unanswered and he
stopped short of blaming the Saudi
leadership so what now this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Imran Khan Turkey's president had
promised what he called the naked truth
24 hours later wretched type heard the
one delivered his much-anticipated
speech to MPs in Ankara he gave more
details about the killing of Jamal
keshavjee but the president said many
questions remain unanswered
including who ordered his death and
where's the body or the one said the
saudi journalist was a victim of a
savage murder planned days in advance
that contradicts saudi accounts of an
accidental killing he says he doesn't
doubt the credibility of King Salman but
his demanding answers and a full
investigation into what happened in
Istanbul three weeks ago there was no
mention of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman who some suspect of ordering
the killing of the writer who criticized
him earned the one once the identities
of all involved everyone from top to
bottom held accountable and the suspects
to go on trial in Turkey we will talk to
our guests in a moment but first let's
hear more from the president
Jamarcus Jenin why she is so far the
evidence we have shows Jamaa hachioji
was murdered brutally such brutality
cannot be covered up in any way it would
hurt humankind's conscience we would
like Saudi authorities to show the same
sensitivity to this murder
Jamal Kashif Jenin why she so far the
evidence we have shows Jamaa hachioji
was murdered brutally such brutality
cannot be covered up in any way it would
hurt humankind's conscience we would
like Saudi authorities to show the same
sensitivity to this murder we have
strong evidence that this was a
premeditated murder in the light of
information we have everybody has
questions here are the questions these
15 people why did they come to Istanbul
on the day of the murder who ordered
them to come to Turkey we need an answer
why was the building of the Consul
General not open for investigation on
the same day only after so many days why
so many incredible explanations where is
the body of Gemara Shoji nobody knows
where the body is it is alleged that the
body was given to a local cooperator
so who is the local cooperator we need
to know who that is Herman Herman is
shitty vain girls
I personally don't doubt the sincerity
of the dystopian of the Two Holy Mosques
King Salman bin Abdulaziz on the other
hand it is very important that such a
critical investigation about a murder is
carried out by a truly embarrassed and
fair delegation with no doubt about
their connections
we will follow this incident until the
end whatever is required by our laws and
by international laws we will carry it
out in fact I'd like to make a call from
here today my call is to first and
foremost Saudi Arabia's King Salman and
to senior administration Istanbul is
where the incident took place
therefore my offer is for these 15
people plus three people the 18 arrested
to be tried in Istanbul let's bring in
our guest joining us from London is
gallop delay he's the research director
at the Istanbul I based asked shark
forum and a fellow with Brookings
Institution in Nutley New Jersey we have
Steven Rogers he's a member of the Trump
for president advisory board and a
former member of the FBI National Joint
Terrorism Task Force and also in London
we have Toby Catlin he is an
international lawyer welcome to you all
I'd like to start with you Gallup this
was promised to be the naked truth but
what we actually seemed to get was fully
clothed that diplomacy was a very strong
speech by President or the one demanding
answers taking ownership of the
intelligence leaks that we've seen over
the last 18 days what did you think of
the president's performance well what
was important in this speech is not what
new information that it has revealed it
did not reveal any information to my
knowledge but what it has done
it gave formality to what was far has
been what was far has been framed as
being leaked from anonymous Turkish
officials so from now on is not an
anonymous structure official leaking
it's the president of Turkey is
basically owning those for what has
we need to the media so it's important
from this president secondly what I saw
in this picture is Aragon being very
careful to draw a distinction between
the Sun Mohammed bin Salman and the King
King Salman and the Sun Mohammed bin
Salman and the Saudi Arabia and even
though he never uttered the word
Mohammed bin Salman he never uttered the
name of the moment bin Salman but
everything those for Turkey has been
provided in one way or another is
linking the case to Mohammed bin Salman
himself the thirdly that was important
is Turkey is trying to get more and more
international political support not just
public support because thus far the
public support and the public interest
the media support in democracy case has
been very very significant and has been
very very commendable but nevertheless
there isn't still that much political
support that will be consequential
regarding the regarding the the position
of MBS as well to unfold this Turkey's
part you look at the United States or
what position that US will take on the
fate of the MBS because Turkey believes
that unless you get a u.s. on board
no matter what Turkey does the the
result of its action will not be very
consequential regarding the political
career of MBAs himself so the question I
just when I was you another question
together he also talked about wanting
the 18 people arrested in Saudi Arabia
to be tried in Turkey that seems to be a
deliberate turning up of the heat on
Saudi Arabia putting more pressure on
them do you think that's right I think
exactly you're right
I think it's not only these 18 people to
be tried in Turkey he indicated that he
can and will go more after the Saudi
Arabia because he he ensured that it's
not these not all Turkey has and he put
some very important question for
instance back where is the body who is
the local collaborator what is the
nature of the relationship of these 18
people so the question that he posed and
he said that remains to be unanswered
and vote to answer them is very crucial
for the evolution of these cases because
it's not only who these 18 people are
like this
fifteen or eighteen people but what is
the map of the relationship of these
eighteen people with the power structure
in Saudi Arabia and when you look at it
particularly from the links that we have
received thus far a very single number
of time in one way or another has been
either directly or indirectly closely or
not that closely related to Mohammed bin
Salman so the case has a legal
foundation which is a legal aspect that
will involve this eighteen people etc
but then it will have also a political
aspect which is who gave the order the
question for instance one of the
question that he asked is who gave the
order it's not like what this eighteen
people has done but who gave the order I
think the quote the answer to this one
gave the order will take us to the
political aspect of these prizes and the
responsibility the political
responsibility for this crisis because
he did alter the word that it is
premeditated and political so therefore
it cannot be covered up by some rogue
element or low ranking officials within
the state structure but nevertheless as
I said before in order for the Turkish
action to be consequential I think
Turkey is very very interested to get
the international community on board and
Turkey does not want to join this issue
into your political bickering between
Turkey and Saudi Arabia and does not
want to turn this into a bilateral
crisis let's bring in New Jersey here
Steven Rogers Steven I just want to ask
you you were the former adviser to the
Trump campaign clearly this would have
been watched by quite likely been
watched by President Donald Trump how do
you think he's feeling right now what do
you think this is going through the US
president's mind when he was watching
the ER of the ones speech well he's been
very prudent in his approach towards
this issue he has consistently stated
that he wants irrefutable evidence from
the Turkish government or from anyone
for that matter that this was a planned
execution what's going through his mind
is a he wants to see justice served he
is a president that does do the right
thing but he's also concerned about the
impact that this could have on our
relationship with Saudi Arabia
especially with regard to our own
national security
and then many many jobs the economic
impact it could have with regard to jobs
here in the United States in relation to
arms sales I believe in his heart he
knows that this was a terrible terrible
incident should have never happened
and he really wants to get to the bottom
of the truth this is why he sent
secretary Pompeo to the region this is
why the CIA director is getting
information as we speak at the end of
the day I must tell you a lot of people
are scratching their heads with regard
to the original story that the Saudis
gave everyone on this planet first they
denied anything happened then they said
something happened they could have went
rogue I mean you cannot expect people to
believe several stories so the Saudis
are gonna have to come clean just just
tell the truth what happened it'll be up
to them to clean up their own mess in
their own country
Gina hospital the CIA director as you
mentioned is in Turkey what
conversations is she having what
messages she brought and is she bringing
with her the ability to be able to start
invest ed investigation or is this
simply a political visit well I believe
that it's a good question
to begin with she wants to get down to
the truth we're gonna have to know what
Turkey has the president of Turkey
didn't offer anything new as far as I
can see he offered up information that
we already had but as your prior guest
said it kind of plugs those leaks it's
an official statement from the president
of Turkey but she's going to come back
I'm sure as Secretary Pompeo came back
with the information that they need that
the president needs to make a decision
with regard to how he will respond to
this now your question about it will it
be a us-led investigation I don't know I
don't know I I would suppose that it
would be best for Turkey and Saudi
Arabia to work with each other to get to
the answers to the questions that they
need but the United States is as the
president said it's not
the policemen of the world he's not the
president of the world he's the
president of the United States and he's
looking out for our best interest and
hopefully we're gonna see a conclusion
based on evidence I want to underscore
the word based on facts and evidence so
that everyone will be satisfied Gallup I
want to bring you here before we get
into international law with Toby Cadman
in London I want to bring you here you
just heard what Steven Rogers just said
he wants to get to the truth to the
bottom of all of this does he want to
get to the truth and the bottom of all
of this or is this scrambling now to
save the relationship between Saudi
Arabia and Turkey because money talks
well unfortunately the Trump
administration from himself gave quite
contrasting answers thus far to the
questions if he once we get the evidence
or if you once we get the truth I think
it should not be that hard and I'm sure
the Turkish security establishment and
intelligence establishment will
normalize share many things with their
US counterparts if they haven't done so
up until now so in this regard I don't I
wouldn't I don't expect many trouble in
the United States getting evidences and
Turkey has all interest to provide the
United States with evidences because it
wants to get us on the board as well
true or in these crises yes
Jamarcus if she was not a US citizen but
he was a u.s. resident as far as I know
according to US law he can be regarded
as a US person his daughter is a US
citizen he was writing for a Washington
Post
so therefore like Turkey has all the
interests as I said like to get the u.s.
on board in this matter
let's bring in Toby cabin hope you're an
international lawyer you clearly
understand the way this all works this
is the almost a unique case this was a
murder that took place in sadly
sovereign territory the consulate in
Istanbul yet the president of Turkey
says he wants those people tried in
Istanbul is there precedent for this
what's the what what shape does any
trial in Turkey
take look like an can it
happen indeed well it raises a number of
questions first of all the question of
whether a consular mission has the same
status as a full diplomatic mission or
an embassy and the question of
sovereignty is something which has been
tried and tested in a number of cases so
it's not a question of absolute immunity
we also have a situation where a crime
has occurred in the in in the consular
mission which is covered by the Vienna
Convention on consular relations which
is different to the Vienna Convention on
diplomatic relations but you also have
part of the crime
being carried out outside of the
protection of that consular mission of
course and as the last guest has said
what we what we need to rely on is
credible evidence as to exactly what
happened but Turkey is entirely within
its right to to investigate and
prosecute this before their domestic
courts and they are entirely entitled to
to seek the extradition of these 18
individuals and potentially Mohammed bin
Salman as well and obviously there'll be
a question of whether he is covered by
any form of diplomatic immunity to stand
trial what we could see is if the the
Saudis refused to cooperate in any form
then I the United States or turkey could
effectively take this to the
International Court of Justice seeking
effectively a declaration that the Saudi
authorities should either prosecute or
x-pipes
we saw that some time ago in the case of
Hassan hover a when a case is being
brought by Belgium against Senegal for
for a former dictator to be to be Triton
and effectively he was so there are a
number of questions that that need to be
answered and and also as far as the the
diplomatic relations is concerned we
shouldn't forget that the Turkish
authorities were invited into the into
the consular mission so the question is
whether they can now the Saudis can now
fall back on
of diplomatic immunity remains unclear
two side stories though there seems to
be two sides to this you have the legal
way of working and what is the what is
effectively the legal framework for any
potential trial but there's also the
court of public opinion here has
president are the one by taking
ownership of all of the leaks all that
have come out in last 1819 days meant
that he's actually blown away the Saudi
narrative out of the water that nobody's
taking that with any kind of seriousness
at all yes I think that's right and as
the previous guests in New Jersey quite
rightly stated that in situations such
as this it's to cover-up which is a
bigger issue than the act itself
and the fact that the Saudis came out
with a number of different positions
fundamentally undermines their position
and I think there is some criticism to
be made of President Trump as well for
for initially accepting the Saudi
position without looking into it further
of course he said he wanted to see
evidence and that supposition is taken
now and and of course he will reserve
his position going forward but I think
that the position that has now been set
out by turkey through president
Erdogan's speech very very clearly
states that the the response by the
Saudis is uncredible and as a result of
that there is no confidence in allowing
the Saudis to investigate and prosecute
this themselves because let's bring in
Steven Rogers here you heard Toby there
say that president the US president
Donald Trump could be criticized for
believing the Saudi version of events if
it's proved beyond doubt that the crown
prince was indeed involved in this
doesn't that cast doubt over both the US
president Donald Trump and his cozy
relationship with Mohammed bin Salman
and his son in law's relationship
where'd the Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman haven't they just picked bad
friends and allowed them to indulge
their Saudi friends to the point where
something like this may have been
don't at the highest levels been this
was at the height if it's proved with
him doubt it was done at the highest
levels I don't think the president took
the Saudi side I think he took the side
of trying to ensure that we received all
of the evidence necessary to draw a
conclusion that is based on facts not on
evidence he certainly made it clear that
a person is innocent until proven guilty
not the other way around so the course
of action he took was very prudent very
careful and did not hit well he
should've already begun as we say he was
it's not that crazy well I've got to
tell you I well well I've spent my good
part of my life in law enforcement and
investigating cases and the initial
response of the Saudis was all we had to
go on and there was some credibility I
must tell you based on the framework
that we work with in law enforcement and
I would not have jumped the gun I would
have done what the president did but
he's very sinking your head though go
ahead that why are you shaking your head
at what Steven Rogers in New Jersey same
with with all due respect I mean I I've
I've spent my time as as a lawyer
prosecutor I worked very closely with
law enforcement and I completely agree
with the point that Stephen says that
you do not jump to conclusions
you do not judge a case of course there
is presumption of innocence and of
course the evidence has not has to be
challenged in a court of law not in the
court of public opinion I understand
that entirely but what President Trump
said was that he found the Saudi
position credible now that's what he can
be criticized for not what he said
subsequently what he said subsequently
was measured an appropriate what he said
initially was that he found it credible
now that account has subsequently shown
to be lacking in any credibility but my
position is that the present Trump
jumped to to the defense of the Saudis
by saying that
position was created when everyone else
was saying it is lacking any credibility
that's why I think President Trump can
be criticized but I think we have to see
and we have to judge President Trump and
his administration on what he does from
this position on we've already seen a
number of other countries the UK France
and Germany that I have strongly
criticized that are reassessing their
relationship with the Saudis and they
should because this is not the only
problem that we are facing from the side
is that their record on human rights
certainly since Mohammed bin Salman has
been in power is appalling
there is Yemen let's let's bring in
Stephen here because because that's very
interesting Rogers there in Nutley New
Jersey you've heard what Toby Cadman
just had to say he just said that there
needs to be a reassessment of the
relationship between the US and Saudi
Arabia by ask the question I asked you
before again is the relationship too
cozy is the relationship too important
when it comes to money for that
relationship to be reassessed reset well
I think the relationship will continue I
don't see the relationship breaking
apart but you said something earlier
that I think we need to revisit and it's
an interesting point that you were
bringing up about the trial for example
can these individuals that the Turkish
government is talking about will they
get a fair trial in Turkey but more
importantly what if an order what if
it's found out that an order was given
to them from someone within the Saudi
government that is where we have the
great great problem what happens then I
believe what happens at least on the US
side is that the president will would
address that very strongly and very
sternly we don't know what happened we
don't know if an order was given we
don't know if the King knew about this
hopefully we will find out but the
person or the people that has to clean
up that mess of the Saudis not the
United States government I think our
relationship and hopefully with Turkey
and what Saudi Arabia will continue in
the future and become strong
this episode is complete but there's
only one way out and that's the truth
and the whole truth and nothing but the
truth
gallop let me bring you in here from
London the truth the whole truth it all
needs to come out
but our friend Steven Rogers in New
Jersey said that he didn't think they
could face a fair trial in Turkey what
are your thoughts on that well I do know
based on what groans because the crime
has been committed in Turkey and as our
other guests in London has indicated
that Turkey is entirely in his right to
ask for the trial of these people in
Turkey because diplomatic immunity does
not afford you the right of killing and
someone inside a counselor so therefore
like what Turkey is asking is not
outside of the international law what
turkey is asking is very much within the
framework of the international law to
conduct to basically try these people
who committed a crime on Turkish soil
secondly I think we are the discussion
is not whether the US or in other
countries should cut the relation with
Saudi Arabia or not definitely the
relation needs to be revisited but in
Saudi Arabia equals to Mohammed bin
Salman in Saudi Arabia should be reduced
with more medina Salman because I think
what many is saying right now many
people are trying to be careful to make
a distinction between Mohammed bin
Salman and the solid state Mohammed bin
Salman and King Salman himself as well
true I think here the question should be
are we willing to go back to the
business as usual with someone more or
less all the evidences that we had those
for that we thank you Gallatin I'm sorry
we are out of time thank you very much
to all our guests galop de la Steve
Rogers and Toby Cadman and thank you too
for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ inside
story from me Imran Khan and the whole
team here
bye for now
you
you
