in the probe into Russian meddling in
the US election George Nader appears to
be the witness who keeps on giving the
Lebanese American business man's ties to
the United Arab Emirates are well known
but according to a New York Times report
Nader also has previously undisclosed
ties to Russia meeting with Russian
oligarchs and negotiating an ill-fated
arms deal between Russia and Iraq in
2012 I think that we will continue to
get a wealth of information from mr.
Nader
and I think not only Russia but it seems
as though mr. Nader has almost a
worldwide network of people at very high
levels that he puts together had to
collaborate and various and sundry
schemes that are supposed to be under
the radar screen if you will for Special
Counsel Robert Muller who's
investigating possible collusion between
Russia and the campaign of Donald Trump
that makes Nader a potential goldmine he
could conceivably give information on
alleged money funneling from the UAE to
Trump's campaign and its allies and on
Russia's efforts to tilt the US election
toward Trump at American airports FBI
agents at molars command have detained
high-profile foreign visitors in
cloak-and-dagger encounters among them
an Australian entrepreneur with ties to
the United Arab Emirates detained in New
York and a Russian oligarch detained in
Washington his electronic devices were
seized by molars agents then there is
the question of whether Nader himself
was involved in funneling money to pro
Trump campaigns it's illegal for foreign
entities to and individuals to give
money to US campaigns but of course they
could use cut outs they could use
Americans to forward the money Muller
has given Nader at least partial
immunity from prosecution in exchange
for his testimony as Muller examines the
Trump campaigns ties to the Persian Gulf
and Russia that move suggests the
Special Counsel is confident Nader can
help him tie those two strands of the
probe together Jon hendren al Jazeera
Washington
