Barack Obama described we see NASA Lula
da Silva as the world's most popular
president the left-wing metalworker rose
to become a global example for others
who dream of lifting tens of millions of
people from poverty
although Lula's two presidencies were
haunted by corruption allegations they
never stuck hence his reputation for
having a Teflon shield but with the
Supreme Court's decision to send him to
prison while he appeals a 12-year
corruption sentence it's clear the
shield has crumbled the message is you
all are equal under the piece of
legislation that you have in Brazil and
a little law so now we are talking about
the former president Lula tomorrow we
can be talking about the current
president tanner or even the future
president Lula's legal team said it
would request a series of injunctions to
block his arrest warrant hoping to buy
more time
but judge said gemoro was quicker on the
draw
he said that out of respect for Lula as
a former president he would allow him 24
hours to present himself voluntarily to
federal police in the city of Curitiba
where he is supposed to serve his
sentence if he does not go then he says
federal police will go out to arrest him
given Brazil's complex legal system
anything could happen in that time Lula
remains the most popular would-be
candidate ahead of October's
presidential elections he was the best
president in Brazil's recent history
it's not fair to end things like this
with Lula apparently out of the race the
new frontrunner is an ultra right-wing
former military officer shyer von senado
an admirer of Chile's former dictator
Augusto Pinochet but this senator from
Lula's Workers Party insists Lula
remains a political force no acid this
is on this very jinked has intended
lula's leadership look at nelson mandela
he was 27 years in prison
Lula did not immediately respond to the
supreme court ruling but given his
temperament it's safe to say
he won't go down without a fight Lucia
Newman al Jazeera Brasilia
