first the good news Ullaeus cripple is
on the mend
the police in London issued a statement
from her in which she said I woke up
over a week ago now and I'm glad to say
my strength is growing daily I'm
grateful for the interest in me and for
the many messages of goodwill that I've
received I have many people to thank for
my recovery and would especially like to
mention the people of Salisbury that
came to my aid when my father and I were
incapacitated the timing of the press
release was curious became just after a
purported phone call between Yulia and
her cousin Victoria was played on
Russian TV in it the two women
complained that Victoria can't get a
visa to come and see Yulia and Yulia
suggests not only she but also her
father Sergei the former spy are getting
better on this point the British police
and governments have said nothing all of
which was the backdrop to the latest
from the Russian embassy in London the
Ambassador laying out the stall that his
counterpart at the United Nations will
repeat that Britain can't produce the
proof that Russia was guilty of the
poisoning and it's only NATO countries
that support the UK's position the rest
of the world doesn't they take a real
let's say honest position and they
disassociate themselves with the
position of the West so basically you
have 23 countries against 15 so the
international community is not ready to
associate themselves with the position
which was taken by the UK and the United
States and which was supported by the EU
and NATO countries mister yaku Vianca
also heavily criticized the UK for not
having given Yulia scribbles cousin
Victoria a visa just as the two women
had on Russian TV it starts to look like
both Yulia and victorious crippled are
on board with their own government in
the end the Russian message to the
United Kingdom and the United Nations is
exactly the same prove it was us beyond
any doubt or stop making these
allegations as frustrating as it may be
for the British the
and diplomatic efforts is very very well
coordinated Lawrence Lee al Jazeera are
the Russian embassy in London
