this week the world's been honoring the
memory and legacy of Martin Luther King
jr. but fifty years after his death how
much progress have black Americans made
in the struggle to achieve racial and
economic equality
this is Inside Story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
deadiine Abu Ghaith ax 50 years ago dr.
Martin Luther King Junior's dream of
living in a society where people are
judged by the content of their character
rather than the color of their skin was
shattered by an assassin's bullet on the
balcony of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis
Tennessee on April the 4th the civil
rights champion was just 39 years old
when he was killed
5 decades later on the anniversary of
his death people across the US and the
world
paused to reflect on King's life and
legacy in a moment we'll take a deeper
look at his impact and look at some of
the challenges still facing black
America with our guests
but first Rosalind Jordan has more on
the celebration of King's life from
Memphis bells rang 39 times once for
every year Martin Luther King jr. lived
his life was short but King changed
millions of lives ending segregation and
securing voting rights for black
Americans we won't I will to dinner when
some of the parable the window behind me
single shot shot him and killed him
around 601 on April 4th 1968 brutally
murder at the Lorraine Motel thousands
gathered to honor his work and their own
activism
it was those feelings of being a
second-class citizen my lifetime and I
said enough is enough
speaker after speaker walked on stage to
talk about what King meant to them and
what challenges they see facing society
today
apathy hunger racism in the mall I mean
we should be talking about love and
justice and helping the poor and
treating the strangers right so we have
to reshift the narrative and we have to
carry forth the Poor People's Campaign a
national call for moral revival earlier
on Wednesday a march through the streets
of Memphis to Mason temple
the place where King delivered his
mountaintop speech the night before his
death the mood at both events largely
celebratory because of the political and
economic advances achieved since 1968
but sadness hovered at the edges old day
and washed over the gathering at 6:01
p.m. local time the moment when James
Earl Ray fired a rifle at King standing
on the balcony outside his hotel room
number three zero six one of the
speakers asks the crowd on Wednesday
what are you doing tomorrow
on April fit are you going to continue
working to honored Martin Luther King
Jr's legacy a spirited call to action as
the world honors a life well-lived
Rosalind Jordan al-jazeera Memphis
Tennessee
well almost 40 years after King's death
the u.s. elected its first black
president Barack Obama Obama and the
current president Donald Trump paid
tribute to King promised he fought for
could never be taken away his words his
deeds they live on forever
and the cause for which he gave his life
only gained strength and force and power
with the passage of time because of him
and his fellow marchers barricades began
to fall and bigotry began to fade laws
changed but so did hearts and minds new
doors of opportunity swung open for each
new generation well black Americans have
made progress and the political arena
since Martin Luther King's generation
around the time of his death there were
six black members of Congress there are
now more than 40 in 1967 Cleveland
became the first big city to elect a
black mayor in the year 2019 of the 50
largest US cities were run by black
Americans and as we mentioned in 2008
Barack Obama reached the highest office
in the land becoming America's first
black president so while progress has
been made blacks in the u.s. still face
many challenges their unemployment rate
is double that of the white population
they're also twice as likely to live in
poverty only 23% of black people over
the age of 25 have a college degree and
nearly half a million black Americans
are in jail more than any other ethnic
group
let's now bring in our panel from
Memphis Tennessee we have with us a
reverend Bernard Lafayette he's a
lifelong civil rights activist who was
appointed by Martin Luther King jr. to
direct the Alabama voter registration
project in 1962 in New York Vincent
Warren is the executive director of the
Center for Constitutional Rights also in
Memphis joining us as Tami Sawyer's
she's a social justice activist and the
director of diversity and cultural
competence at Teach for America welcome
to you all thanks for joining us on
inside story Bernard Lafayette if I may
start with you you're a longtime civil
rights activist you worked with you knew
dr. king himself fifty years later what
do you think dr. King would think of the
states of black Americans today well one
of the things we have to always do is
appreciate the progress that has been
made already but as we look at history
we also must be aware of the fact that
the history repeats itself so the kind
of ugliness that we are seeing in the
area of racism today is a repeat of what
we saw over 50 years ago and the fact
that we were able to change that face
means that it's possible to continue to
make change we are also at the end of
the second reconstruction there was a
period before the sixties when we had
black people elected to congressional
seats and they were also on a state
level the lieutenant governor of
Louisiana was black so we have had that
experience before and so what we're
looking at now is being able to
resurface many of those things that were
not taken care of in the 60s we change
laws but we also change the hearts of
people when we look at the laws that
were changed the majority of the people
in the Congress that voted for the civil
rights bill were not black yes you're
talking about Memphis
the voters rights bill also the the
civil rights bill the the voters rights
bill was voted in to law and the
majority were white so we have been able
to make some great progress in winning
the majority over to also recognize the
fact that we okay as a people not just
as black people but we as a people and
that's why we got Barack Obama okay well
let me ask you specifically about
Memphis where you're speaking to us from
that is where dr. King was shot and
killed he came to Memphis to support
sanitation workers who were fighting for
better pay and working conditions yet
when you look at the statistics today of
Memphis most senior level jobs are still
held by white people and what is a
majority black City so if he were to see
the situation of today what do you think
he would say well it would say that
we've got to be more conscious and aware
in exercising our rights there's one
thing to have your right to vote but
it's another thing to exercise that
right and when people think that
everything is all right then they're not
prone to try to correct them so
therefore this awareness is very
important and the kind of thing that
you're talking about is important for
people to be aware of these things once
they become aware then people begin to
mobilize and take action to correct
those things like we did in Alabama for
example a large number of women came out
and voted Tommy Sawyer you're also
speaking to us from Memphis you're
running for office you're hoping to
bring some sort of change is there
anything of dr. King from dr. King that
inspired you to do so absolutely you
know dr. King said that it is our
responsibility to bring about a radical
redistribution of economic and political
power and I think that's not only what
motivates me but it also motivates so
many young leaders across the country
right now we're seeing a resurgence of
black progressive leadership
grassroots activism and it is really
taking taking taking excuse me
it is really moving forward with a lot
of fervor and you know so here in
Memphis where we are seeing the same
levels of poverty and inequity that were
here where dr. King died we know that we
need new progressive leadership we need
to read astrid redistribute economic
opportunity only the opportunity here in
our city is still staggering it's still
staggering at the levels of systemic
oppression that exist and so that's what
inspires me to grow and is because I
think it's a shame that 50 years after
dr. King was killed we're still fighting
the same fight and people are still
living under the same oppression yet
you're not happy Tommy Sawyer with Hal
Memphis has commemorated the Sanitation
March or the 50th anniversary of dr.
King's death why is that overall I
believe that dr. King definitely
deserved a beautiful commemoration my
issues are that this week alone 10
people were arrested for exercising
their right to protest and they were
protesting the city of Memphis and its
involvement in the continued oppression
of its residents through immigration
sweeps and ice detainment and economic
inequity and so three people were
arrested on Monday for protesting the
shooting of a black boy Dorian Harris
who was shot in the back here and left
no one reported it to the police he was
left in an alley for two days and the
residents in his neighborhood were
protesting that and three people were
arrested at that and then seven people
were arrested on Tuesday for protesting
ice detainment at the police station and
so but yet our city leaders are standing
on stages saying that they recognize dr.
King and just like we just heard Trump's
words you know I had to chuckle a bit
because I'm like how dare you know
anyone who could take to oppress people
and you know
lock up protesters and and call them
rabble rousers then use the words of dr.
King and say that we've come so far when
we're still using the same tactics of
arresting and silencing challenges to
the system all right so we're going to
look at the issue of shootings in just a
moment but first a Vincent Warren over
to you
because I saw you nodding along with
Tommy Sawyer as she was talking about
trims I mean one of the things that have
been in DES has come out into the
spotlight really since Trump became
president is white people expressing
racist attitudes much more openly yet as
we saw Trump did pay tribute to dr. King
so how would you describe the impact a
trump presidency has had on the lives of
some black Americans I think I agree
with Tami that it really if it wasn't so
sad I would be chuckling about President
Trump saying those words you know we
have to remember that 50 years ago I
mean the November after dr. King was
shot Richard Nixon won by a landslide
the presidency of the United States and
so after Don dr. King and all of the
civil rights marchers had achieved all
this extraordinary stuff that had never
been done in American history America
went and rep and elected president who
virtually stood against all of that it
was a law-and-order president just like
Donald Trump and that whole question of
the silent majority back in 1968 that
Nixon won on is something that's
happening today and I do think that
there is dog-whistle politics I think
you know for some of the folks that are
standing up there talking about how
amazing Donald well I think for those
people that are standing up honoring dr.
King I'm happy to see that they're doing
it but we have to remember that dr. King
during his time was a deeply
controversial figure if when we were
talking about popularity polls his
popularity was very low among white
people and I think one of the progress
pieces of progress that we made is now
people do Revere him and understand
what's happening and that's the same
thing that has to happen with the
protesting and with the activism that's
happening right now when Donald Trump
talks about violent protesters when the
FBI has a actually has a race paper it's
called a race paper
and our litigation we've uncovered this
document which is fully redacted but it
actually you know we surmise cast black
lives matter and other activist
protesters as potential terrorists which
is of course the same thing that was
happening in 1968 so part of what has to
change is not just people's reverence
for dr. King but I think reverence for
the idea that black people are not being
treated fairly or equally in the society
and that society has to reckon with that
and not just black people in dr. King's
legacy all right well we addressed us
just a moment ago let's go back to it
the issue of shootings in the u.s. so
22% of Americans shot by police in 2017
were black males that's highly
disproportionate given they only make up
6% of the population high profile
incidents of unarmed black men being
shot by police has sparked outrage and
these include the killing of Michael
Brown in Ferguson Missouri and just this
month the shooting of Saheed vessel in
New York it's led to the nationwide
movement black lives matter a calling
for reform and greater accountability in
the vast majority of these shootings
that police officers do not face
prosecution Bernard Lafayette and the
light latest tragic headline is from New
York in fact where earlier this week
officers shot and killed a mentally ill
black man they accused them of having a
gun it turned out to be a metal pipe I
mean what do you think dr. King would
make of movements like black lives
matter and and the movement that we saw
recently as well against gun violence
led by students yes the reason why
people emphasize and this nomenclature
of black lives matter is because we
assume the white lives matter so what we
want to do is emphasize that black
people are also human beings and like
the Memphis saying I am a man I am NOT
garbage so what we're trying to do is to
say that we matter also and my point is
that when you have targets that you're
shooting at and is part of your practice
in preparing to be a law enforcement
officer the shape of your target okay
determines your attitude so that's part
of the problem the other thing is that
we have a justification that is our laws
justify police officers using their
weapons to kill people if they
themselves feel the fear and anticipate
the possibility of being killed they are
supposed to shoot first they are trained
to do that
now what we've got to do is give
policemen other resources to draw from
in terms of escalation of violence they
assume that they are protecting okay
themselves and they assume they're
protecting the community when in fact
the community they're supposed to be
protecting are the ones they are
destroying that is a lack of training
the lack of attitude and then also the
legal process we have got to have some
consequences right that's the thing that
makes to change the consequences
Tommy Sawyer you're nodding along with
Bernard this conversation of police
brutality just seems to come up way too
many times in the United States and in
fact on a global scale as well so dr.
King believed in institutional racism
that that is the ultimate problem do you
think that is the that is what is at the
heart of the issue in here and how do
you change that absolutely whether it's
institutional racism or systemic
oppression we are talking about
ingrained bias in our policy and in the
decision-making of people of power and
so what dr. Lafayette is referring to
here is that police are operating with a
cultural bias an implicit bias that they
don't even realize most times that they
have and so when they make decisions in
the split moment they're making
decisions with this ingrained belief
that black people are violent so you see
instead of a pipe or instead of a
Arizona iced tea you see a gun
because you see a black man and you
think he's dangerous and so the training
that I think dr. Lafayette is referring
to culturally competent training has
been called for across the country and
police departments continue to reject
that call and there are some who are
pioneering how that looks and I think
that really there has to be a redesign
of training of police officers from day
one there should be testing for bias
there should be training for how to
understand how to be intersectional
community oriented policing the gun
violence by police on black communities
and not even just the gun violence but
the physical and mental trauma between
the relationship between police and the
black community really has to cease for
us to have any progress
Vincent Warren on the issue of economic
equality inequality excuse me which is a
very prevalent according to all the
latest statistics and reports and
numbers that we see what has to change
there well I think it's important to
also put this in historical perspective
so we're speaking now 50 years from the
point when dr. King was killed 50 years
before he was killed it was in 1918 and
this was the height of Ku Klux Klan and
and in vigilante justice in America and
50 years before that african-americans
just for the first time had been freed
but no african-american virtually no
african-american certainly in the South
had not known generations of slavery so
at some level we are fighting the same
battles that we've been fighting before
and it's not because we're failing now
it's just because of the prevalence of
the of the both the discrimination and I
think the dehumanization of
african-americans so when African
Americans now are talking about economic
equality of course we're talking about
equality of opportunity and when we're
talking about equality of opportunity
that means a number of things giving us
access to the educational resources the
financial resources the ability to apply
fairly for jobs the ability to to keep
jobs without discrimination and it's
actually very hard I think in the
society that has really been built on
the subjugation of
and people and society is now reckoning
with that problem to get short-term
gains in economic advancement when we're
really dealing with such a hard problem
having said that a number of
african-american people men women have
have really moved into the middle class
and have found ways to buck that system
but here's the thing if there are
studies that show that for African
American people that they're whatever
wealth that they can accumulate which is
not very much tends to flow doesn't flow
down to the next generation it flows
laterally and up to previous generations
and so African Americans tend to be
supporting family members in their
generation and even older family members
and it's not unique to African American
this is true of poorer people in general
right the ability to pass wealth down to
subsequent generations which is really
the key to moving forward and economic
equality is virtually impossible to do
and a large part of that still has to do
frankly with races all right we're just
coming to the end of the show but I'd
like to get an answer from all three of
you on this question briefly if I can
ask you to do that so what can civil
rights advocates today do to carry
forward dr. King's legacy 50 years after
his death Bernard's two things that
called for immediately to use what
Martin Luther King gave to us the first
thing in the last conversation I had
with Martin Luther King on April 4th
that morning before the assassination I
was going to Washington DC to have a
press conference for Martin Luther King
because he couldn't go he had to stay in
Memphis to do the march over again
because of the violence but he sent me
and the whole purpose was to open the
campaign office for the Poor People's
Campaign right in Washington DC now so
therefore what Martin Luther King wanted
to do is continue to press forward with
direct action so he wanted to put a face
on poverty to the people who were making
decisions about the poor and that was
Congress itself so we set up hearings
there in Washington DC so that the poor
people would not just be statistic
but the rather than statistics there
would be a face a human being okay next
thing we've got to do is use the power
that we already have and that is what I
would like to see in this country is a
youth legislature in every state where
you have a meeting of young people from
ages 12 to 17 and they would elect their
if officials okay and they would pass
bills among themselves and remember
every day we got hundreds and thousands
of young people turning 18 which means
they're qualified to vote but they would
have had to practice already all right
for the Brits who vincent and in ten
seconds or a lesson sense what needs to
be done to carry dr. King's legacy
forward dr. Kings and the civil rights
movement was really about disturbing the
comfortable and comforting the disturbed
and that's exactly what these activists
need to do now they need to make sure
that the people that are comfortable
with their lives now are recognizing how
it's not the same for African American
people and at the same time not throwing
african-american people under the bus
with all of the rhetoric around
criminality and that sort of thing I'm
Tommy soil your last word goes to you
absolutely
redistribution of economic and political
power spend your money with black
businesses support black banks run for
office and vote all right thank you very
much to my guests for joining us
Reverend Bernard Lafayette Vincent
Warren and Tammy Sawyer very good to get
your thoughts with us here at al-jazeera
on Inside Story and thank you for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion you
can go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com/ /aj inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story for
myself and the whole team here in delta
thanks for watching and good bye for now
you
you
