in the northeast of Africa the waters of
the Nile irrigate crops that feed
millions of people the White Nile flows
from Uganda through South Sudan and into
Sudan and the Blue Nile from Ethiopia
into Sudan and in the capital Khartoum
they converge in the world's longest
river heads to Egypt now not far from
the border with Sudan Ethiopia is
building what will be the largest dam in
Africa a 1680 square kilometre area is
being flooded to create the dams Lake
how quickly this is done is one of
Egypt's main concerns Egyptians have to
believe us have to believe ET opere
topia believes in equitable and
reasonable utilization of resources when
we approach and into cooperation at a
cost of almost 5 billion dollars the
great Ethiopian Renaissance dam will
harness the power of the waters of the
Blue Nile Ethiopia wants to bring
electricity to the 70% of its population
that doesn't have it and the World Bank
estimates Ethiopia could export a
billion dollars worth of electricity
every year the dam will regulate the
flow of the Blue Nile as it heads into
Sudan and the Sudanese are very happy
about that at the moment depending on
the season the river floods or it's too
low a steady year-round flow of water
will significantly boost harvests but
downstream on the Nile in Egypt is where
there's potential for conflicts over
Ethiopia's plants from above you can see
how much Egypt depends on the Nile the
country's pretty much all deserts the
only strip of color is the blue of the
Nile and the green of its cultivated
banks 90% of Egypt's water comes from it
one study suggests that if the dams lake
in Ethiopia is filled quickly which
means over three years then that would
divert enough water to kill off 51
percent of Egypt's farmland and when you
consider that Egypt's population is
expected to hit a hundred and seventeen
million in 2030 a 30 percent increase
from now you can see why it's government
is so worried about
Ethiopia's down
