this is what it looks like the caravan
of people from Central America which
prompted an enraged US president to send
reinforcements to the Mexican border
they number more than a thousand but
organizers say that their destination
isn't the United States its instead
Mexico City for now that hasn't stopped
the political drama behind it
a desperate stories like Yolanda and her
son axel fleeing the gang warfare in
Honduras that saw him marked for death
just for having a girlfriend and a rival
groups neighborhood if we reported it to
the police the gangs would have found
out because they're part of the police
even at the highest levels for others
the escape is from chronic poverty the
salaries just aren't enough to provide
the basic needs of your family there are
more depressingly similar stories people
tell them as they wait camped in a field
in southwest Mexico while officials
process safe conduct papers Mexico has
been drastically tightening its southern
border for the last four years partly
with funds from the United States it's
just one of the factors that's led to a
big drop over years and the number of
migrants detained at the US border but
beyond the numbers and debate of these
people even when the caravan stops in
Mexico City many planned to continue
north in small groups to ask for asylum
in the u.s. they say they're unable to
see another way out John Holman al
Jazeera Mexico City
