these are the three men deciding the
future of Syria the Turkish president
hosted the Russian and Iranian leaders
to talk about how to end the conflict
that's entered its eighth year as a
guarantor country it's important to
attain the territorial integrity of
Syria these fights have to be ended in
the country has to be rebuilt on this we
are in agreement the Syrian public the
civilians are those who are losing as a
result of these fights there is a
difficult process ahead of us but the
light at the end of this tunnel is
getting brighter we will not allow the
face of Syria to be darkened by
terrorist organizations but each one of
these three leaders has a different
definition of what they call terrorists
turkey has influence over opposition
fighters who've been fighting bashar
al-assad's forces iran max the syrian
president and has sent thousands of
troops in militia to support him Russia
supports Assad but is also very of
growing sectarianism after isil's defeat
but in Ankara the focus was on what
brings together this diverging alliance
we are looking to take steps towards
implementing the decisions made in Sochi
first of all to form in Geneva under the
UN auspices a constitutional committee
which will work towards a framework in
which Syrians can determine the main
parameters of the state structure of
their country the people of Syria
especially those inside opposition-held
areas are the tens of thousands forced
to flee their homes do not trust the
countries who backed the regime even if
there is recognition of the humanitarian
suffering we have always emphasized from
the perspective of the Iran Islamic
Republic that there is no military
solution to the Syrian problem we need
to help stop the war in Syria by
peaceful means the three leaders agreed
to expedite a political solution but it
might be easier said than done the less
successful part of this initiative has
been the political angle
we're the three countries wanted also to
push the different actors in Syria
towards a political solution but that
effort has been hindered by the fact
that even between Moscow Tehran and
Ankara there are still a number of
divergences concerning the future of
Syria the future constitution of Syria
and even the role of Assad as foreign
nations declared their support for peace
one year ago on this day the Syrian Air
Force dropped sarin gas in Honshu hoon
in in the province the UN Syria
Commission says it killed dozens the
majority of whom were women and children
the leaders of Turkey Iran and Russia
say their dialogue is paving way for the
UN's Geneva peace process but people
inside Syria's rebel-held areas say
they're pessimistic about a solution
when attacks by parties backed by these
three countries continued to happen sama
bin jabr al jazeera Ankara
