our loopholes in the US gun laws
contributing to violence in Mexico and
feeding its drug war i'm femi okay and
today the stream explores what's often
called the iron river of american source
assault-weapons flowing south of the US
border right now we are live on youtube
so be sure to send your comments and I
will do my very best to get them into
the show let's start without a zeros
Juliano rufus she is reporting here for
the people and power series have a look
since 2004 well over 150 thousand people
have been killed in mexico's so-called
war on drugs here in Tamayo leapers the
gulf cartel and the los zetas cartel are
in a violent battle over the control of
lucrative drug routes civilians are
often forced to take sides or end up in
the crossfire
i know those comments that specifically
eki stands in the way of him u.s.
president donald trump often speaks
about protecting Americans from violence
in Mexico and has referred to it as ally
most dangerous country in the world
that's not true according to the
Institute for economics and peace is
actually Syria little consideration
though is given to the violence being
exported the other way the US Government
Accountability Office estimates that
seventy percent of all guns recovered
from crime scenes in Mexico between 2009
and 2014 could be traced back to the US
and in 2017 Mexico launched almost
17,000 gun murder investigations that's
a record for the country thousands of
people have disappeared or been killed
caught between criminals armed with
american-made assault weapons and
Mexico's militarized security apparatus
so what can be done to close the
loopholes in US gun laws and curb the
violence stoked by Mexico's ongoing drug
war joining us in Skype to talk about
this in Monterrey Mexico a haenyeo
weekend is the Associate Director for
gun violence prevention at
for American Progress that is a
Washington dc-based think-tank in Mexico
City Grace Fernandez is a regional
coordinator for fund M an advocacy group
working to raise awareness about missing
people in Mexico
she says the Mexican military is behind
the disappearance of her brother in the
US state of Pennsylvania and a loser no
there's a journalist who's Nouri based
in Mexico and in Abu Dhabi
Omar Garcia ponse is an assistant
professor of political science at the
University of California Davis we also
invited representatives from the US
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and
Explosives also known as ATF and we
asked them to join in our conversation
today they turned down our requests but
he's good to see you guests here welcome
to the stream Andalusia I just reeled up
a whole load of stats and figures and
thousands of people and murder
investigations but what is it really
like when we're talking about gun
violence in Mexico what is the reality
tell us a story take us into what people
are having to cope with on a daily basis
what would you cope with every day sure
there's a story that has gotten very
little press both in Mexico and also
abroad that just happened two weeks ago
with three film students in the state of
Jalisco they had gone to the city of
thorn Allah to work on a film they were
returning to the city of Guadalajara
which is an enormous metropolitan city
in northwestern Mexico and they were
stopped by a group of armed men who said
that they were police they don't know
who they were and they were taken away
two weeks have gone by and these
students are still missing they're
disappeared which is what have happened
to over 30,000 people in the past ten
years and it's unknown are they alive
are they dead are they being detained by
police are they were they kidnapped
there's no ransom out and the government
has done little to search for them it
was actually shown to that at the moment
that they were attacked by armed men and
their friends called the police that
they didn't arrive for hours on the
scene and to help search for them so I
think that shows when we talk about
weapons often perhaps we think of
murders but weapons and guns in Mexico
also
to these kinds of disappearances grace
is impossible to have this conversation
without getting personal and I'm gonna
do that straight away with you you
shared some pictures with us I see this
one here it's you and your brother tell
us about your brother what happened to
him well in 2008 he's a regular man in
Mexico he has five sheep boys and girls
and one day he is supposed to go to pick
one up have his daughter in a friend's
house and suddenly he never arrives
the same day my mom arrives to the wall
and he is supposed to to take her at the
bus station and he never arrives
we tried to go to the police station in
order to say you have to look for him
but in those times in Mexico you have to
wait until 72 hours after that the last
note is you have your relative in order
to call me start to look for them so
this happened two years after President
Calderon declared war on drugs to the
criminal organizations and selicia
told you the same as happen with these
boys in in guadalajara jalisco a lot of
people dress as police officers and even
we are police officers used to keep the
people and then they take to to the
criminals organizations they police
officers politicians they work for for
criminals
rescuing princesses this is really
interesting and I should say earlier
that was a picture of your mum and your
brother you are the spitting image of
your mother so excuse me for that
beautiful woman
el hanout oh there has a connection to
be made because you could just say or if
you didn't know Mexico really well well
then Mexico it's just it's mayhem it's
hectic the police don't know what
they're doing what does this got to do
with guns well there's certainly certain
factors in Mexico that need to be
addressed under Luci I mentioned the
police and community rates there
certainly there's some things that
Mexico needs to address but the the role
that US firearms is is undeniable it's
very easy to acquire a gun in in the
United States with no questions asked
and not just any gun you know
semi-automatic firearms which are
commonly used by by criminal groups in
Mexico weapons like the air at 15 and
ak-47 so they definitely do play a role
you know the correlation between the
manufacturing of firearms in the United
States and levels of violence
particularly homicides in Mexico is it's
interesting and you know I would add to
what under Lucia said that it's true
it's not just homicide that that you
know is driven violence in Mexico but
also kidnappings and violent robberies
which you know it often involves weapons
when you were studying your PhD you were
looking at violence in Mexico you had a
very real example of what that was like
almost a practical what happened to you
that's correct yes so on fall 2011 she
asked me to go and pick up my uncle and
drop him off at my grandparents house
while I was waiting outside my my
uncle's office young men I believe
around 20 pointed a gun at me and you
know he took the car he took my wallet
he took everything and that's what got
me involved in in guns in the first
place I doing my graduate studies I knew
I wanted to do something about violence
in Mexico I didn't know what until that
moment
you know when I had a gun pointed at my
head what is that like it's very
frightening you know I was trembling
after that I actually scream a little
bit of my own called I didn't come out
come out you know usually it's a very
there's a lot of respect between me and
my uncles and I
at that time I was actually screaming I
was very frightened
oh my Lima bring you into the
conversation I want to show you this
first of all this is a an op-ed that was
written by a researcher called John
Lindsay Poland his op-ed started
America's guns made in the US killing in
Mexico John also made this comment and
since this comment to us have a listen
the enormous growth of the export of
guns from Macy's to Mexico illegal
export has also contributed to violence
there because there's an arms race
between state forces and organized crime
because many state forces are colluding
with organized crime and because of the
human rights violation is directly
committed by police and the military
that remain and impunity and instead of
trying to control those and uses the
United States and is instead
deregulating firearms exports especially
under the Trump administration that's a
lot going on there but let's look at
this militarization of the police how do
you explain that how do you unpack that
for people outside of Mexico well I
think there are it's important to
remember that the role of guns in
mexico's violence is very important not
only in the sense that it's fueling
criminal organizations with very
powerful guns but also in the sense that
there is so much availability because of
getting access to them in the u.s. that
they can end up also in the hands of
different types of organizations that
are not explicitly related to drug drug
trafficking but we have to remember that
organized crime groups their power their
main source of power are financial power
and intimidation power and the
intimidation power relies on having
access to very powerful phones which
became fairly easy after the expiration
of the federal assault weapon ban in the
u.s. do you remember there was a federal
assault weapon ban that took place
between 1994 and 2004 and after the
expiration of this band
it was relatively easy to get access to
semi-automatic weapons in any con shop
in the United States and after that we
observed very significant very sharp
increase in mortars in the north of
Mexico particularly so my impression is
that the debate on gun control is
something that important domestically
for the US because of the mass shootings
and the violence that takes place within
the country but it's also important to
take into account that these guns are
fueling violence across the border and
this is something that I believe that
the Mexican government should push
harder on trying to negotiate or advance
control because it's affecting directly
our country interesting alexei Chevy's
here on Twitter says we need to find a
way to control gun sales and the Mexican
government needs to control the violence
that permits criminal gangs to control
local police and authorities in some
parts of Mexico Andalusia that is the
police and also the army are often
complicit in this violence not just
allow it to happen but also actively
participate in it I work a lot in the
state of Guerrero which is in southern
Mexico it is the state where 43 students
were kidnapped and disappeared and fired
on by both local police and also it's
believed that state and federal police
and also the army were present during
the attack on their students are still
disappeared three and a half years later
and since then hundreds of other people
have been disappeared and murdered and
also it's not just that the police
actively participate in this kind of
criminal activity but also there are no
proper investigations I could say both
in my experience in in Guerrero and also
in Mexico City often when people are
victims of violent crimes in which guns
were used they go to their local police
station and try to report the crime and
they say do you have proof that you were
robbed at gunpoint and they're like how
can I have
you know what do you want me to take a
picture with the cellphone that they
robbed for me um and they often say well
if you don't have proof we can't do
anything about it I did accompany a
friend who was mugged he was not in this
case it was with a knife but he does
believe that they also may have had a
gun and he went and they were like well
if you don't have any proof we can't
take even your declaration and if no one
else except that they've been mugged
there then we can't do anything I talked
to other people in the area and they
said that repeatedly
the same people who had mugged him had
mugged dozens of other people on the
same street and every person that got
the police they had not done anything
when their stolen items were used in a
store nearby where they had cameras they
also went to the store and asked to see
that if the cameras at footage and also
nothing was done so there's a whole
complicity both between criminals the
police that are both incompetent inept
and don't have or don't investigate and
then also between even stores that are
up allow these criminals to operate this
is both in Mexico City and also in the
state of govern the name of the theme
song on the table
this is corruption if the Koresh
corruption doesn't exist in Mexico that
guns were when we never because of the
criminals the the main problem is that
Omar said something very important
criminal must have to powerful thing the
terrified that they calls to the people
but also the financial power that made
them that gives gives them the chance to
by anyone
politicians governments police officers
even militaries the surface are composed
with mainly with Special Forces
militaries and nobody says laughing not
nobody investigates that complete
impunity in Mexico if we as Lucia said
when you go and try to say somebody put
a gun on my head
they start to ask you what are you doing
there
what are you doing why do you have an
iPhone while you have whatever instead
of says what kind of I don't know the
physical description of the guy's big
white because all the politicians or the
police officers are involved with our
criminals that's one of the biggest
problems in Mexico I do agree there's a
lot of issues that need to be need to be
addressed in Mexico but you the United
States also needs to recognize its share
responsibility and the issue after all
the drugs are consuming the United
States and weapons are coming from the
United States to Mexico and there are
ways that the u.s. can do so through
regulations that I have to say do not
infringe on the Second Amendment which
is usually the argument that we get
pushback when we try to say you know the
US can collaborate with Mexico in terms
of reducing the levels of contracting
there are regulations like implementing
universal background checks on every gun
transaction and and I have to kind of
explain what this is when you go to a
gun store they implement a background
check to see that you don't have
criminal records that you don't have a
history of domestic violence but on
private transactions this this
background checks do not occur so it's
very easy for anybody to go to a gun
show or try to buy a gun online with no
questions asked we advocate for
universal background checks as a way to
reduce violence in the United States but
it's also a way that would reduce gun
trafficking to Mexico does not infringe
on the Second Amendment and is highly
supported by the population in the
United States universal background
checks almost 100% of the population
support this this regulation and this is
just to mention one example I know you
also have the regulation of assault
weapons which is also supported by just
take a poster moment I want to remind
our audience how easy it is to buy a gun
in the United States and I'm actually
just I think I might just blow people's
minds here this is the border okay
between the u.s. and Mexico everywhere
where you see it's supposed to be a
little red dot but there was
many of them all of these red areas here
these are about 7,000 gun stores 7,000
approximately where you can get guns
legally in the US and look how close
Mexico is here now how easy is it to
actually buy a gun Julianna Rufus was
reporting for people and power and she
asked one licensed gun dealer how do you
do it this is what he told her have a
look if somebody comes in and wants to
buy a weapon from you
what are you required to do by law when
you are an unfulfilled you know you can
only sell to people in your state they
have to show some kind of proof of ID
and they're gonna ask you are you the
actual buyer to the gun they're gonna
ask you are you under indictment have
you ever been convicted all these kind
of questions can they lie yes they can
it can lie in the form goodness me all
right so I did say that the ATF we're
not going to be with us today I do look
at their press release talking about
their work the ATF is dedicated to
reducing firearms trafficking and
firearms related violent crime that is
what they're dedicated to do I'm looking
at the various sites and the various
agencies for the u.s. immigrations and
Customs Enforcement and they publish
their successes when they've stopped
illegal trading of guns and they say
look this is what we're doing this is
how we're trying
let's talk solutions and fixes omma how
do we get out of this situation where
literally people are dying in Mexico
because of guns that are legally bought
in the u.s. omma what do we do yeah just
to give you some illustration of the
magnitude of the problem because it's a
very very serious issue so you were
showing this map in which we know that
there are around 7,000 gun shops in
Mexico there is only one official gun
shop which is managed by the Mexican
army so it's pretty much impossible to
buy a gun legally in Mexico there is a
significant black mark
domestic guns but there is also all
these guns coming from the US because
you just cross the border and without
really any serious background check you
can buy a gun and smuggle it into Mexico
but some think that it is very very
important to remember is that these are
state level policies and for example
California has retained a state level
ban on semi-automatic weapons or assault
weapons so this has very important
implications for the patterns of
violence that we observe in Mexico
especially in the north of Mexico
because the municipalities the policies
that are closer to New Mexico Arizona
and Texas have experienced much more
violence than the municipalities that
are closer to California where it's more
difficult to get access to these
powerful weapons so according to one
study that we conducted we estimated
that there were at least around 200
additional deaths within 100 miles of
the border so we're talking about I mean
that was started 2004 so it's been I'll
put you on a spot solution number one is
what what can we do today this year in a
sentence
we need stricter gun control in the US
and that that's a pilot we have to
approach this as a bilateral issue as
Aaron was saying because this is not
only about regulating guns to improve
the safety of the United States or to
prevent mass shootings it's important to
prevent the wave of violence
I executed III here and it's also the
corruption in the USA USA part
minkos as I so much said a just the
Mexican army is the one who can import
and in for example that the guns that
you can go and buy in in the border are
out of marriage weapons but you can buy
a good
the launcher about 50 legally
oh wow wow wow all right I think there's
something I want to do which is really
important and andalucía that we had to
get personal with this conversation
because the stats don't tell us about
the personal trauma and the tragedy I
want you to meet two people Antonio and
Araceli these are families who have lost
their their family members who literally
have disappeared there one day gone the
next this is what they told the stream
have a look le pedimos al gobierno
americano que dije de vendor armas al
gobierno Mexicano porque con Ella's nos
están de separe siendo news magazine on
Oh mi nombre es Antonio T Saba soy padre
de jorge antonio tees apology denno uno
de los dientes aparecido spor
so yes a hero buddy his mother will be
some hello ladies policia federal
desaparecidos river and sea taka taka a
tráfico de armas Russa the star
tornadoes of Mexico alla hello
cool Estella let me there's a more
toastiness of Palestine Ocean whip ice
la venta de Armas are useless Iniesta
and maniacs destiny knows its own
problema muy difícil either porque no
sir on a homework assignment is in a
solution synonym in the problem is
Estados Unidos until you see I have lost
track of the number of programs we've
asked you to come on the stream to talk
about Mexico and violence in one form or
another in a sentence just wrap it up
for us this this conversation here where
are we today
where's the hope the hope I was gonna
give you more negative I mean I think
the hope is that people are standing up
to it that they are no longer you know
accepting that the violence is just a
part of Mexico that there's corruption
as Greece that talk about that there's
families that have so together as
Antonio T Sapa who's there in New York
and other families other disappeared in
Mexico they are actually going out and
searching for their loved ones both
alive or dead I'm not giving up
connection I hear that oh man grace and
I'll Henny oh and Andalusia we need more
time we will have that time online
hashtag a day stream thanks for watching
everybody I'll see you online
take care
you
