we've gained access to a group of
militant anti-fascist known as antiva
now they don't usually like cameras
around some cover their faces others
want their voices disguised
just stick their head out of the ground
and say we're gonna be here on this day
to march in support of dozens of
interviews fault lines caught a glimpse
behind the mask of an tyfa questioning
activists about the controversial
tactics they've used to counter a white
supremacist to found a platform with the
election of donald trump but still have
their adversaries antiphon is a fringe
movie but they're fighters bound center
stage in the polarized climate of trumps
america if anything comes up for you
where you're triggered in this
environment we care about your inner
safety as well as your physical safety
that's how we roll of that default we
love people this is the collective of
researchers waging information warfare
to expose bigotry if your neighbor is a
neo-nazi who believes that the race war
is imminent and wants to bring it about
we think you have a right to know that
this is the street medic to meet to the
wounds a violent protests along the edge
of the options will talk about stabbings
and we're talking about one first
comment will subdue to the head to the
arms to the legs that's caused by police
and by fascists and this is anti far
from the view of a trump supporter who
can't seem to shake them there's a bunch
of kids who call them anti fascist and
they're acting like fascist themselves
is kind of sad an tyfa is a loose
collection of organizations and ideas
with no party line in no formal
leadership
in the last year they've been defined
more by their Street tactics than
anything else they show up in the
helmets and the black masks and they've
got clubs and they've got everything and
D fun or a president Eve looks like it's
a shadow fascist government more stared
people are gonna get any worse stare the
first year of Trump saw an increase in
hate cars and racist violence an anti
feh has often responded to that threat
with violence of their own this is the
street fighter training for battle with
one punch to the face of America's most
infamous white supremacist anti-felon
viral how do you shut that down a swift
and beautiful punch to the face by a
masked crusader
but has this use of force translated
into political power they watch that you
know kind of street porn
it plays completely into their hands
it's it's a very stupid type
non-violence does attempt to appeal to
the moral conscience of the nation now
the jury's still out
if the nation has won this just ante
five this is war it's not playtime so
yeah punch Nazis kill them
chill though who's dead it was a year
ago and Josh Dukes first saw this video
Richard Spencer getting punched on
Inauguration Day the 35 year old hackers
that goes by heads was across the
country watching from a Seattle hospital
bed that's not probably gonna change
somebody's mind I think that like it
would have been better if it was an egg
earlier that day he joined a large group
of anti-fascist
to protest a speech by Trump supporter
and provocateur Milo you novelists
inside the half-full auditorium at the
University of Washington my loss
celebrated Trump's election with the
college Republican especially radical
left you will never stop me because you
can't stop different opinions with
violent intolerance and we all now know
everybody now knows where the violence
is coming from outside
and if we tried to block people from
attending the top I wanted to be part of
the like in the group of people who was
there opposing that and and opposing him
and what I ended up doing was like
jumping in and de-escalating in a few
places a black cloud protester attacked
this young Trump supporter and pelted
him with paint
thirty-year-old Marco Quanah was not
able to get into the talk so he spent
the evening scuffling with anti-fascist
protesters whether Quanah seen here in
the yellow hat allegedly began pepper
spraying the crowd pecks stepped in to
confront oh the last thing I remember I
think I was like holding with both hands
the guy's jacket yelling in his face
like give me the pepper spray and I'll
let you go I'm gonna stop you but like
I'm not gonna hurt you I'm just not
going to let you hurt anybody else and
then I remember being shot you know
laQuan his wife Elizabeth allegedly
emerge from behind her husband pulled
the gun from her holster and fired one
shot
this footage was edited by investigators
to identify hexaco quantum it is now
evidence in a criminal trial against the
couple the cuantas attorney said that
elizabeth acted in self-defense where'd
the bullet going oh so winning rate
right here basically it's still weird
four members of an tyfa Texas shooting
underscored a belief they had all along
in the Trump era the threat of violence
against them as increasingly real
as we like stretch and stuff make sure
you have enough space to spread your
arms in every direction I am Joe tonight
Texas friend Joe is leading a martial
arts training in this Seattle Park try
to swing your arms this way the first
technique is gonna be based in the Wing
Chun Kung Fu's these activists are
preparing to defend themselves with
violence if necessary and so let's say
you're gonna get punched by somebody
here I am proud boy drinking or
traditionalist Workers Party person
trying to call you comrade while being a
Klan member here right now or I'm gonna
punch you cuz you see through that
alright there you go good um what part
of the campus Republicans I want to
build a build a wall to keep out the
immigrants cuz that is funny to my rich
crack then I'm gonna hit you oh my god
there we go alright yeah thank you
hex is still recovering from the gunshot
wound that almost took his life
a year later he's taking a break when
the street protests but Joe and his crew
went to the women's March where
thousands of Seattle residents have
gathered to oppose the Trump
administration one of an taifas
adversaries is also under seal
Trump supporters Joey Gibson has just
arrived so for me the most important
thing is freedom that's how simple it is
for me he represents like fascist
populism or just like the idea of like
hiding behind traditional American
values
Gibson's group is called patriot prayer
he's made a point of marching in Liberal
towns to remind everyone that Trump is
president that was one of the best
nights of my life I was so happy and so
excited and at that point you know I
thought that like I was gonna be able to
sit back and just relax but things got
even crazier after he was elected
organizers of the rally are trying to
say that Trump supporters are fascists
so we're gonna get some people with
Trump gear up there and they kind of go
into the crowd and talk to people and
kind of help them understand that you
know Trump supporters are heaping - no
they're not
get excited man you're ready to get
pepper-sprayed do you have glasses yeah
when we go in there hell yeah white
supremacy right there white supremacy
queer phobia transphobia misogyny
massage anwar all in one go today Gibson
is marching with a group of right-wing
Christian street preachers they wouldn't
let us in the indigenous people's
section not even ham I'm tall and
towards everybody especially if what
they're doing is is using their free
speech that gets to walk around with
nothing but actual hate that leads to
rape and murder and like his rights are
protected if I go over there and do
anything to him I'm spending the night
in the cage
with anti-fun the wings
Gibson's loudest challenge comes from
the women in pink hats
it appears that Joe's tactics today will
not include any punching instead he'll
try to shout am i doing I'm outnumbered
right now at times Joe also tries for
dialogue to actually try to speak to you
and speak to your heart speak to your
soul I did the same dude I've surrounded
myself with a bunch of white Nazis
because I was dick and wanted to belong
and got better I hope you get better
before some dump happens to you what do
you believe in freedom freedom but who
do you like defending by being here now
I mean I I'm defending my own sense of
peace of mind I don't want to just go
and just leave you in what is my city
right now at the very least if I could
be here and scream that's better doing
nothing it makes me feel better doing
nothing
Chris Hedges has written multiple essays
criticizing anti-fun he says the fight
is not with fringe groups but with
corporate and government forces we're in
serious trouble
but it's not these idiots who are
putting us in trouble we have very dark
sinister totalitarian forces that are
snuffing out the last vestiges of
American democracy
and we better a revolt we better respond
and carrying out these kinds of street
confrontations plays right into the
hands of these centers about Natasha
Lennard wrote an essay defending the
masked activists who punched Richard
Spencer
she says you can't ignore the link
between trumps election and the spike of
incidents of racist harassment that have
followed I don't think they'd go away if
you're ignoring them they have a
president
since Trump's election violent conflicts
have exploded in college towns like
Berkeley California raising questions
about hate speech and political violence
these are questions that Berkeley's
mayor has grappled with all year it's
not surprising when we have a president
who openly talks about beating people up
and is Fanning the flames of hatred and
division that we're seeing those
divisions that rift actually happen on
the streets of the city of Berkeley last
August a broad coalition of activists
here marched to oppose hate groups and
they invited an tyfa to play a defensive
role at the protest
Joey Gibson was also there Gibson's
clear he wants to bait people on the
left especially antiphon into acts of
violence as keep going out there preach
love preach freedom and get it on camera
have him assaulting us and so the people
in the world knows who they really are
who gives an inner-tube Berkeley Park
with his hands on he got his wish I mean
they they took the bait you know so I
guess I'm thankful for that
as this mob a black-clad activist chased
him out
Gibson's broad definition of free speech
collided with Antipas broad definition
of self-defense
dude I don't I don't want to do this the
footage from that day is hard for Gibson
to watch can the events organisers
refuse to apologize for the violence
this medic a veteran a street protests
around the world agrees a little bit of
violence is okay it looks as though the
mob is trying to push these people out
of a zone and they succeeded in doing it
like anyone was gonna die the goal is to
make them leave and seems to be the
result the fascists Gibson was prevented
from spreading his message in Berkeley
and an taifa claimed victory it was
horrendous it's a horrible thing that
happened yesterday I think next day he
found a platform and like a lot of the
incident went him an appearance on Fox
News talked about him and they'll just
go away no we got to stand up to aunty
foe we got it activist tactics caused
concern for these for most Berkeley
students and maybe they're proud of that
and maybe they think that's the first
step toward a revolution that's gonna
make the world better their free speech
movement 50 years ago ended a campus ban
on political organizing during the civil
rights and anti-war movements students
won
after months of nonviolent tactics
including marches sit-ins Anna mass
arrests inside the university's
administration building I can't tell you
how many times
were assaulted that I think we were very
dedicated to non-violence at that point
she was attacked it that we felt this
was important to keep focused on the
issue and not on the violence that
antifa guys tell me that if you walk
around with a swastika band in
you should get punched in the face are
they - they must have gone to
kindergarten with the president
that's why non-violence
you don't want to plan to their Probot
provocation
I cannot cousin their belief in violence
as a useful response to violence and I
see it as walking right into a very
useful resolution to our social
conflicts which is civil war now the
right wing has taken up the free speech
movements legacy and the debate has
taken up a soft area
is there a fight in the street to be
waged against them and if so how should
it be waged there are ways and we should
respond but punching people in the face
or advocating censorship or the
abolition of free speech is a very
dangerous road to begin to walk down the
speech is repugnant but once the left
starts arguing for censorship and the
abolition of free speech which the state
is only ultimately too happy to embrace
it's always the left that pays white
supremacy is violence in pretty much
every state people have self-organized
and said like we don't stand for this
and we're not gonna ask plenty to have
an institution disinvite them we're not
gonna ask for institutional Authority at
all we're going to turn up with our
bodies and say not in my space
that's what protesters did last August
to oppose a major gathering of hit
groups in Charlottesville Virginia
it ended tragically when a neo-nazi
allegedly murdered 32 year-old Heather
hare
I did not anticipate someone driving a
car into a crime I did not anticipate
the police standing there and I did not
anticipate and to follow protecting us
Reverend Sekou came to march alongside
clergy in Charlottesville that day they
formed a line to block white
supremacists from gathering in a park
SiC who brought nonviolent tactics that
have been a hallmark at the black lives
matter movement these tactical
differences have led to tensions with
anti-fun in the streets during protests
against police brutality first the black
bloc showed up and you know they were
ready to bust some heads and I walked
over to I was like look I need y'all to
stand down cuz if you clown our asses
are the ones are gonna get beat but in
Charlottesville aunty Fay used force to
defend clergy from attacks by neo-nazis
would have been crushed if it was not
for aunt Eva so they saved my life and
so for me I saw the gospel embodied and
some kids dressed in black and red who
came to me and said Reverend I will give
my life for you and so somewhere I read
what there is no greater love than to
lay your life down for a friend
the act of violence that killed Heather
hey're fractured an ascended white
supremacist movement despite attempts by
President Trump to spread the blame
I think there's blame on both sides you
look at both sides
I think there's blame on both sides back
on the west coast opposition to
right-wing groups like Joey Gibson's
intensified in response Gibson denounced
neo-nazis from the stage of a rally in
Seattle so the day after Charlottesville
we had a rally thousands of people just
wanted to kill us like they were mad
they were like they looked at me like I
was Charlottesville it was bad it was
bad for a little bit there I don't see a
white supremacist problem on the west
coast but tell that to the thousands of
protesters that show up and stuff but in
Portland rose to the anti-shah dust see
a white supremacy problem they found it
repeatedly at Gibson's rallies these
researchers use a tactic called doxing
to publicize the personal details of
their adversaries
Joey Gibson bigot enabler Rose City aunt
Eva found out where Gibson worked and
encouraged people to contact his
employer we thought it best to attempt
to disrupt his income which would maybe
keep him a little bit too busy to
continue organizing and at such a rate
days after the daxing campaign began
Gibson left his job when you have people
at your rallies who are organizing
explicitly for white nationalist
violence or to try and build an ethnos
state those are threats of violence
that's something that needs to be
addressed Rose City anti foot target at
Gibson after scanning the crowd at his
March for free speech in April there
they found two notorious white
supremacists
we see here Jake OTT was photographed
shaking hands with Jeremy Christian
immediately after Jeremy Christian was
throwing
Roman salute which is obviously well
associated with the Nazis weeks after
this protest
Jeremy Christian was arrested and
charged with aggravated murder and hate
crimes after allegedly stabbing three
people on a Portland train last summer
antipholus interview with Jake Van Daan
an organizer for a group called identity
Europa identity Europa is would be
understood as what it is as a hate group
and would be shut down by the community
if they tried to hold their own rallies
what they do instead is attend to other
right-wing rallies and then try to
recruit people over to their more
explicitly white nationalist and neo
Nazi ideology we doxxed him and provided
really really ugly receipts of his
neo-nazi activity in neo-nazi beliefs
from posts that he had made on social
media he subsequently dropped out of
organizing in identity Europa Gibson
told us he's repeatedly denounced fair
not including on a day in August when he
took this photo at one of his rallies
that's fair not standing right behind
him Gibson is still on the streets but
is turnout tonight is smaller
into them is following close behind them
doubling the crowd these battles for the
streets are not enough for Gibson he
announced a run for US citizens hatred
the evil that you feel in your hearts
you don't have to Mel Gibson seeks a
larger stage anti-fascist questions over
its own political future we have to
build a movement that appeals to at
least some of those centers of power if
we're gonna bring the corporate state
down which means that that number one it
has to be nonviolent and number two it
has to have a vision and a moral force I
don't see them as politically mature in
any way
so what else is empty feh
and what sort of movement do they want
to build
there was a pool of blood up here or a
shot since his shooting hex has been
trying to answer that question searching
for a different form of justice in his
case five days after being shot hex gave
a statement to police he told them he
did not want his attacker to be
prosecuted January 25th 2017 I'm with a
victim Josh do you see your full name
this is audio from his conversation with
the detective things have been really
really blurry I'm still on a lot of
medication the thing that I want isn't
really a prosecution I don't want to
participate in a system that that
punishes people to hex the systems of
policing and mass incarceration are also
forms of fascism you know the you know
prison population is already pretty big
and you know putting putting more people
in the cages it doesn't really seem to
be helping a lot he sent this letter to
the Haqqanis
through his attorney my client believes
a restorative justice informed community
responds to Friday's violence is the
ethical and effective path forward my
client wishes to express his empathy for
the person who shot him
Peck says he won't testify at the trial
of his attackers instead he prefers a
resolution with the ho Qantas outside of
court see my friends attacked like
repeatedly again and again it's really
really hard to maintain like hey let's
deescalate right because legs this
system of violence like pushes people to
escalate may I touch you may I touch
your body okay can can I see you throw
your arms up I'm gonna keep trying to
like do my thing I kind of just hope
that that people are able to build the
world that we want to see you know work
towards the world that we want to see
and and do that with compassion not only
not only for other people but for
ourselves
