oil polluting the bay of the city of
beloit poppin and several nearby
villages the spill has spread over an
area of around 12 square kilometers
residents have complained of a strong
smell of fuel in the area hundreds of
reported health issues such as nausea
and vomiting police have warned against
lighting fires on Saturday shortly after
the spill was first noticed a fire broke
out in the water near a Chinese cargo
ship five fishermen who were in a small
boat in the bay at the time
died Balikpapan is home to one of
Indonesia's largest oil refineries but
the country's state energy company
Pertamina as the night the Lee comes
from its underwater pipelines we have
formed a special team to investigate
this a team from Surabaya has arrived to
take samples of the oil and other places
so we can find what caused the spill
fishermen held a protest at the mayor's
office demanding compensation the spill
stop them from earning a living their
boats have been damaged and they can't
reach their fishing grounds almost 200
fishermen are affected the impact of the
pollution on marine life still needs to
be investigated residents are working
with emergency services to get rid of
the oil and vitamin T lists are urging
police to speed up the investigation and
bring those responsible for the spill to
justice they also want the government to
act fast to clean up the oil and limit
damage to the environment step bassam al
jazeera jakarta
