the president insists he's never been
keen on America's foreign military
adventures saying they cost too much
money thank you at a news conference at
the White House with leaders of three
Baltic countries Donald Trump insisted a
decision on withdrawing from Syria it's
coming quickly I want to get out I want
to bring our troops back home I want to
start rebuilding our nation think of it
seven trillion dollars over a 17 year
period we have nothing nothing except
death and destruction it's a horrible
thing so it's time it's time officially
the US mission in Syria is to provide
advice and support for forces battling
against ISIL the president's latest
statement marks a shift from a comment
he made just last week at a political
rally in Ohio and we're knocking the
hell out of Isis will be coming out of
Syria like very soon let the other
people take care of it now very soon
that caught many in the administration
by surprise given senior figures have
been talking about an extended Syria
mission as unfinished business as he was
speaking across town a senior State
Department official seemed to back up
that idea we are in Syria to fight Isis
that is our mission and a mission isn't
over and we're going to complete that
mission but the US presence costs
hundreds of millions of dollars and
during the news conference the president
turned up the heat on his allies saying
we'll have to share the financial burden
Saudi Arabia is very interested in our
decision and I said well you know you
want us to say maybe you're gonna have
to pay the idea the situation in Syria
could be one of the things discussed
during an anticipated Gulf leaders
meeting hosted by the US this spring has
disappeared reports coming out of
Washington suggest that the unannounced
summit has been shelved there are a
number of reasons for any potential
delay first of all the US doesn't have a
Secretary of State at the moment Rex
Tillerson still hasn't been replaced
Donald Trump is planning to meet North
Korean leader Kim jong-un in the next
couple of months that summit will take a
lot of preparation and with the real
prospect of no breakthrough in the GCC
dispute the Americans are worried
they'll invest a lot of time and effort
with no real return any potential summit
could note
place later in the year Allen Fisher
al-jazeera Washington
