the first thing you notice that Greyston
bakery is the smell of chocolate the
second is the sense of just how grateful
the employees are to be working here for
free for 27 year old Davone card well
it's not just the free brownies it's the
fact that Greyston was willing to give
him a job despite a drunk driving
conviction fine define racing it was
this I don't know why we probably be
doing something not illegal probably
something really bad Oh probably in jail
or probably selling drugs or doing just
something that's not productive workers
here are hired on a no-questions-asked
no experience required basis that's
helpful not only for those with criminal
records but also refugees or single
mothers who have limited work experience
you know open hiring trust in the power
of people we believe anyone has the
potential to be effective on the job so
we're willing to give anyone a chance
now we're a business so we need people
to perform on the job if they don't we
ask them to leave and we give the next
person an opportunity instead of
spending time and money on interviews
and background checks the company
focuses on providing support services
for its employees that he claims leads
to a loyal workforce and a healthy
bottom line Greyston produces 33,000
pounds of baked goods a day for
companies like Ben & Jerry's and Delta
after 35 years in the brownie business
Greyston has launched a center for open
hiring they're hoping to encourage other
businesses to adopt their recipe for
success a more inclusive workforce they
say they're benefiting from an untapped
labor market and helping to keep people
from returning to prison if people don't
have a job after release or soon after
their likelihood of committing another
offense goes up astronomically for
Cardwell the experience has been
life-changing I feel like if I leave -
I'll be have the right amount of skills
to go anywhere else because they give
you that a go through that here and the
more people who can support themselves
the less who will need public assistance
a sweet deal for all Christin salumi al
jazeera Yonkers New York
