hi I'm family okay you're in the stream
we are live on al-jazeera and on YouTube
today is India an unsafe place for
journalists where discuss how the recent
attacks are reporters are highlighting a
growing trend of hostility towards the
media
two journalists killed in hit-and-run
attacks another seeking information from
police is instead beaten and thrown into
jail several others are sorted while
covering a protest despite telling
authorities they were journalists and
all of these incidents in just the month
of March
now these attacks underscore the dangers
many journalists in India face when
trying to do their jobs joining us to
discuss this in the eyes or India any
seal or be she's a journalist with news
18 and she was recently attacked by
police while covering a border dispute
in New Delhi trip Mandel a journalist
and senior creative director at the
quint a digital news platform in India
also in New Delhi Aditi Tandon a
reporter at the Tribune and the general
secretary of the Indian women's press
corps and in Paris France we have Daniel
Bastar he's the head of the Asia Pacific
desk for reporters without borders
welcome everybody good to have you in
the stream I wish it was about a better
subject Amy your story that you were
reporting on earlier on this month
resulted in you being severely injured
can you tell us the original premise of
the story what were you going out to do
well planned students and the companies
regarding the area they wanted to
construct a shot in the border of which
is actually a state school and a lot of
my friends at the journalists they
already attack while they were covering
the story families have attacked them
and they got injured and later on when
the situation evaluated calm they went
back and they asked throughout they
confronted their families by the tree
attack us and we still attack us and at
that time our families apologized to
them
have ever happen again I know Jamie live
apart again so the next day marched and
I out my video not to be the story I
want to be a cloud recording of the
story and I got permission I lived out
early in the morning at around 6 a.m.
and which the the conference the council
started I mean I'm just I'm just gonna
stop me for a little while I knew the
weather's bad where you are say it's a
little difficult to hear you so Emmy was
covering this rally she knew that there
had been violence by the police before
and then she started to film what
happened to her I just want you to take
20 seconds and look at the video she
shot as she was trying to escape the
police
today as you're watching this what goes
for your mind were you expecting
anything like this to happen to a
journalist doing a job you asked me
yesterday yeah you know when I saw the
footage for the first time when Emmy had
posted it on social media initially she
had posted only the photographs of her
injuries I didn't really understand the
gravity of the situation and then after
this she put out the video of what had
happened so we are not part of the same
organization by thought but I thought
it's my duty as a as a journalist to put
out what was happening in one remote
corner of India so on the wind we took
it upon ourselves so that we put out the
video we reached out to Emmy and she put
out a video and we had the video of the
attack on her and we put it out on the
Quinn what really surprised me at that
point of time was very few media other
media outlets was covering this incident
and what it Emme was very serious at EJ
I'm just wondering how common is this to
happen in India we would say that it's
their peace of being an optic certainly
in the last couple of weeks but how
often is it that journalists themselves
are being attacked
well family this is not a new phenomenon
you know that's what I want to emphasize
to start with the only thing that's new
is you know this extra attention that's
been given to increase in crimes against
journalists and you and I know it's a
worldwide phenomenon it always suits
governments to muzzle the press beat
India beat anywhere but I want to
underscore one point about our country
and that is violence against journalists
has been a routine for instance if you
look at certain data that is available
in public in India the Press Council of
India which is the overarching regulator
for the print industry in India recently
put out a report that said 80
journalists had been killed
starting 1990
in India and only in one case was the
conviction secured so you see the
impunity towards crimes against
journalists in the country is high and
the real problem is lack of law a
standalone law to protect the
journalists and then the lack of
implementation of whatever little laws
do exist in terms of protection of
journalists see journalists are not a
special category in India yet although I
have been following a certain debate in
the u.s. we know that one Democratic
congressman has been pressing for an
interesting piece of law called the
protection of journalists Act I'm sure
you will be aware of it and you know the
fact that trump administration has been
you know saying things like the press is
a stain on the American people and
things these are you bring up because
you feel that what's happening in
America is impacting what's happening in
India within your whole different
situation No well the point that I'm
trying to make FME is that governments
everywhere
governments everywhere are going to
muzzle the press it's up to the press to
stand united and fight for press freedom
and India does not have a national
protection law for journalists the one
point that I want to bring in here is
that there is a ray of hope that we see
from a small you know from a western
state in the country which is
Maharashtra which is currently the
burned by the ruling BJP and its ally
the Shiv Sena they've put out the first
ever law for the protection of
journalists and they call it the
Maharashtra protection of media persons
act so the first time in the history of
India we have a federal state that has
actually said that assaulting a
journalist will be considered a crime
and so will be damage of property of a
journalist if he's injured or is
agnostic in a way yeah is taken away in
the course of news gathering so you see
there is a ray of hope or somewhere
along the horizon AHA and we at the
Indian women's press core and a lot of
other media organizations in India will
try and engage the government of the
country to come out with a national
model act for protection of Journal
and then every state can actually adopt
one such law because after all
journalists being increasingly targeted
have to now have special protection I
think yes just bringing Daniel he's in
the conversation too as is to deepen and
we haven't quite lost Emily yet so I
mean yes I want to bring her back in the
conversation Daniel I'm looking here RSF
inter reporters without borders tweeting
out surging police vie against
journalists in India what are the stats
what are you looking at how bad has it
become well as ahead of each episode s
keep reporters without borders
I try to monitor every violation of
press freedom across the region and the
month of March started with one first
police attack on journalists this was
one photographer in the streets of New
Delhi who was trying to cover up the
closure of the market then there was
what happened to Amy and her fellow
journalists in North East notice in
India and then two weeks after there was
this violent police action against
journalists in Delhi
and one day after they was wondering
least who have been beat by police in
the southern state of Kerala so that's
four cases and at least maybe 12 or 13
journalists will be beaten by the police
in the time of one month and that's only
would have managed to monitor and I
cannot monitor what always happens in
rural India which is much more difficult
to document so there is as Aditi said
there is a very worrying trend and it's
all the more true that the context is
very sensitive what do you mean by that
Daniel context is very sensitive what
does that mean 14 North 24 hours
today this is coming in live on YouTube
Nicholas says Indian government under PM
Modi
doesn't like independent media it wants
to muzzle freedom and spread fake news
through its mouthpiece news channels
harsh partisan fair did send out the
right signal yesterday when his office
passed an order nullifying an earlier
order passed by the Information and
Broadcasting ministry where they had
tried to sort of punishment list if they
were in any way involved in a
publication or distribution of fake news
you know so the Information and
Broadcasting ministry had put out that
their accommodation would be cancelled
but the Prime Minister stepped in at the
right time and then here sort of
nullified the order passed by the inb
ministry so the Prime Minister sent out
the right signal but the invisible hand
which sort of you don't see the pressure
very obviously and very openly but there
is definitely an invisible hand where
people are little cautious when they are
out there to criticize policies and
programs of the government or
particularly television channels print
media is still okay but particularly
television channels across India they
are looking more and more more partisan
to the party in power I'm wondering if
you can unpack this for us
guess and explain the reason why because
I'm hearing the optic I'm not hearing
why you think the reason is Vijay Pandey
here says the UN chief Antonio Guterres
has its most concern over the deaths of
two journalists in India and also
violence against media persons across
the globe Aditi can you unpack this
reason why is this happening right now
in India you see Febby after a long rule
of the congress-led United Progressive
Alliance government in India you know
right-wing party which is the BJP came
into power in the country in 2014 and
you know we all know
the narrative ever since the BJP took
over under the leadership of Prime
Minister Narendra Modi has been
bordering on nationalism you know of
course the nationalism is an extremely
sensitive topic how media organizations
deal with such a sensitive topic is our
matter of concern now hyper nationalism
has its own consequences this kind of
narrative has you know its own
ramifications in such a scenario where
ideologies are clashing every now and
again
it becomes the responsibility of the
national media to restore that very
significant balance in public narrative
this balance the moment it turns left or
the moment it turns right there is a
problem you know India as you know is
suffering from left-wing extremism in a
number of districts even today the
government is battling that then there
is this right-wing you know a narrative
which has actually come into play since
the rise of the BJP you know there are
all kinds of so this is political you
feel this is coming from it's not all of
it not all of it see but you have to
understand that most of the violence
against journalists in India does not
come essentially from the central
government
you see India is a huge country with so
many states there are law makers who
have a vested interests in businesses
who have misted interests in big
corporations then there are you know law
enforcers who are always clashing with
the media for one reason or the other
there was a recent study conducted by an
independent watchdog called The Root in
India which actually analyzed the
perpetrators of the crimes against
journalists and it was actually found
that law enforcers and law makers are
among the biggest perpetrators of
violence against journalists in India I
again want to emphasize Femi this is not
a new phenomenon but yes you know it is
more visible it's more out there because
ideologies are clashing openly you know
the right and the left there's a lot of
churn going on in India's social as well
as
political fabric and this is a difficult
time for the country sure it does bring
rank let me just bring back Emmie Thank
You ATT Mei I want to show what you
posted on your Facebook recently this is
really nasty bruises I mean can we bring
this let me bring this up with you here
because I running out of time on the
show and I want to make sure that we we
get to this point there's a story that
the Quinn published about you they
publish your story and they say you said
you speak to your journalists in your
country where was the outrage when
police why did you ask that covered how
I can see that you know my stories
they're not highlighted as much I asked
that question because I fear that don't
care about you because you because
you're covering the rural areas if I if
I could just interject there because
we're helping out with the phone line
which is really tricky right now all
right so let me just make this very
clear nivedita says to us many in Delhi
media are not bothered about and
not even willing to know about the
conditions of which journalists from the
hinterlands work North East and India
faces neglect on many counts today by
hew a senior media person calls it a
tyranny of distance what is this tyranny
of distance I'd like yeah go ahead yeah
you know when the incident had happened
with any for almost ten days there was
absolutely no coverage I guess the
stream itself has picked up this subject
because of what happened to the
Hindustan Times journalist
photojournalist Anu Sri when she was a
beaten up by the cops in Delhi till that
time almost ten days had passed and
nobody had uttered a single word about
what at a me had happened with Amy and
her injuries were much probably what had
happened with the photojournalist here
in Delhi it's it was really bad but we
should have spoken about what had
happened with Amy there was not even a
single word of solidarity no protests
marches were taken out but when the
incident happened during the march of
the JNU students when the journalists
were beaten up and allegedly molested by
the cops
the action was swift by the journal they
took out the protest there they were
almost marching towards the Indian
Parliament and within few days you could
see the action had been taken and
internationally international psj and
universities a university near New Delhi
yeah and Delhi police even here they're
tweeting about this during the protests
by JNU students a section of students
became aggressive tried to push down
police barricades police had to resort
to use of water cannon and a few
protesters had to be removed from the
spots but then they go on to say in this
situation one female journalist has
given a complaint of molestation and the
same will be inquired into by the
vigilance branch for further action so
not denying it yeah Julie yeah go ahead
one more yeah also you know unlike the
Western countries here in India you know
journalists are not really trained to
remove reports from conflict areas or
conflict zones or when they are covering
protests and all they hardly wear maybe
a jacket or something a vest which
clearly says their press personnel or
anything you know situations like this
and more so in the
age of digital media a lot of mobile
journalism is happening sometime it also
I'm not trying to defend the cops
sometime it also gets very difficult for
the police also to differentiate between
the protesters and the journalists but
in Emmys case are also in the case of a
new Sridhar photo journalist from
Hindustan Times in Delhi who was
allegedly beaten by the cops of course
they did tell the cops let me just tell
are we answer how the police responded
to ume this quote here I was giving
information by the officers who are
present on the spot we all respect
freedom of the press and the journalists
and this is from Adele Khan is a Deputy
Commissioner of asam's I can be District
hello candy district Emmy what's gonna
happen to your case you made the
complaint what are you expecting to have
an explanation I hope I hope because on
the second day so I can't use the copy
and also the producer after I mean
sitting there and we sitting there
hoping Aditi what practical advice are
you giving your members about should
they be preparing do they need training
done any combat training to be going out
of reporting what's the practical
on the front I mean a sentence I just
want to just before we wrap up in a
sentence knowing what you know would you
go out again at the end what did you
want to add yes I like to say small you
know what has happened with Amy is
symbolic of what is happening to
thousands of journalists working in
small towns of India and rural India
these journalists are primarily
stringers you know they don't belong to
one particular organization they are out
there in the field filing stories the
kulluk story they give it to media
outlets and they are almost paid
pittance they are not employed to any
media organization so god forbid if
anything happens to one of these kind of
journalists who's a stringer who hardly
gets paid maybe 2,000 rupees for a story
there is no insurance covering him there
is no life insurance there is no health
insurance if he gets injured on the
field while doing his duty if he is
killed you know there's no backup there
is no organization to support him
because he doesn't belong to a
organization he's not on the payroll
payroll of any media organization so
it's important for us to protect those
journalists yeah I hate DT for some
practical advice
Aditya Marcin useless advice in a
sentence go ahead
yeah Femi we tend to put the entire
blame for everything on the doors of the
government but what I want to point out
here is that media management's also
have an equal responsibility in ensuring
press freedom I do completely endorsed
the viewpoint of 3d that when we as
journalists go out into conflict zones
for instance I have covered a number of
electives at the end of the show side of
the cut you in hospital is one so all so
all management's have to evolve a
complete comprehensive insurance
complete insurance policies DT that is a
very positive note to end on thank you -
Emmy - trilogy - Daniel look here on my
laptop here from - Jack this is so
important he says as a student of
journalism in India it bothers me that
members of the journalism fraternity
often have to risk themselves to
practice their profession that is that
what it is at stake conversation
continues online always at hashtag eight
a stream thanks for watching everybody
see you next time
you
you
you
