remembering the life and legacy of
Winnie Mandela for decades she was a
prominent figure in the fight against
apartheid as South Africans say goodbye
to the women they call the mother of the
nation we asked who are the next
generation of leaders
this is Inside Story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Teddy navigator outspoken defiant
controversial many called her the mother
of the nation Winnie Mandela was one of
the most prominent leaders of the
decades-long fight against whites
minority rule in South Africa when her
husband the late Nelson Mandela was in
prison for 27 years she became the face
of the movement to bring equality and
justice but years later that image
suffered when Winnie was convicted of
involvement in the beating death of a
suspected police informant a case that
was brought before the Truth and
Reconciliation Commission after the end
of apartheid well throughout her life
Winnie Mandela inspired and fought for
millions of poor South Africans we'll
bring in our guests in a moment but
first Catherine soy reports from Soweto
a vigil for Winnie Madikizela Mandela in
Soweto the very heart of the
anti-apartheid struggle president cyril
ramaphosa came to pay his respects as we
say in african culture a gigantic tree
has fallen and this is the Winnie
Mandela tree that provided shade for the
people of South Africa Mandela will be
given a state funeral next Saturday and
before that they'll be memorial services
and vigils across the country she has
been one of the strongest women in our
struggle who suffered immensely under
the apartheid regime who was imprisoned
who was banished who was treated very
badly separated not only from her
husband but for my children as well and
her people but notwithstanding all this
she remained strong she remained
determined she was courageous
she became the face and voice of Nelson
Mandela and the anti-apartheid campaign
while he was imprisoned for 27 years
she's been accused of being involved in
human rights abuses during the apartheid
times she's also been accused of having
a very militant leadership style some
say this could taint her legacy but for
people here the evil of their part ID
system she fought draft her shortcomings
you would understand that party itself
was violent it was natural on help
propagate violence against mine is that
you defied an apartheid system which is
in such a huge negative impact on our
country and the legacy of apartheid
still lives on today she might have
lived a chequered life with her own
political and personal struggles but
many people in South Africa want to
remember her for the role she played in
the fight against apartheid and the
impact she had on millions of people
here for them she is the mother of the
nation Katherine SOI al Jazeera
Johannesburg South Africa
well joining me from Johannesburg as
Tokyo sex wallahi South Africa's former
minister for human settlement until 2013
he's also a former prisoner alongside
Nelson Mandela thanks very much for
speaking to me on al-jazeera you're
obviously outside the home of Winnie
Mandela where people have come to pay
their respects
mr. sexuality how would you describe the
icon that South Africa has lost I must
say that it's a sad day here in South
Africa with the loss of somebody who
consider as one of our most iconic
leaders as a pioneer amongst women the
first black social worker in South
Africa and of course was a a companion
of Nelson Mandela Winnie Mandela was a
like a candle in the cross winds of
contradictions in our country she served
the people with fortitude and survived
all the brutal years and apartheid being
imprisoned being detained being tortured
sometimes but leaved to sit on her
husband coming from jail after 27 years
still went on with the struggle for
social change she was often described as
the mother of nation but strictly
speaking she's the mother of the
unwashed POIs of the poorest in our
country that's who she is we've lost a
great iconic leader here and I
understand that you were able to speak
to her last week can you tell us
anything about that conversation
anything that she said to you that
stands out for you
well you know by familiar foundation
provides wheelchairs and I wanted to
give you a wheelchair
because she's using a stick right now
but the defiant and indefatigable Winnie
was even defined gravity was refusing to
find herself working or being assisted
with the wheelchair but the conversation
was about social change in South Africa
the incomplete revolution
she was talking about the fact that the
land is still not yet with the people
the economy's still not yet with the
masses and of course the way with all
social change economic change still
needs to continue South Africa despite
the fact that we have political freedom
so
- and insisted on that but also very
forgiving to say the people who tortured
the people who did all types of things
and will always be in her prayers it was
almost a repetition of what she had said
in an interview in 2013 so we had
reached a level where she has come with
herself I think she understood that she
is on her last legs that should be going
and and they gave an interview of that
special nature where she was saying to
South Africans they either need to
understand that the struggle for social
justice record with justice continuous
despite the fact that we have got
political power so do you believe that
she believed her job was done when she
died what do you think her legacy is
going to be well the legacy of Winnie
Mandela is the fact that she was a
pioneer amongst women
but this also get it right Winnie was
not just the chief of a chip off the
block of Nelson Mandela she carved their
own starch I own authority on her own 27
years without her husband 27 years as a
single parent and 27 years as the only
shining light inside South Africa at the
time when her organization the Afghan
National Congress was bent at the time
when the leaders like Nelson Mandela
were in prison
she eventually was the sole renacer soul
she was working alone because she was
isolated and bent she was the light and
kept our people alive her legacy the
legacy of struggle indefatigable defiant
to the last moment that is Winnie but in
the struggle of women she put us very
very high right now South Africa
occupies one of the top positions in the
world with representation of women in
all the national bodies the government
the judiciary as well as in Parliament
she lived the legacy of a fighter for
social change so that we should care
about ordinary people who are not in the
center stage of the economy the poorest
of the poor the unwashed that's a legacy
and it's a legacy that still needs to be
worked upon by those of us who are
remaining to make sure that our people
realize the true wealth of the freedom
that Mandela a struggle for but she also
was a woman that was mired in certain
controversies she was convicted
in the 1991 kidnapping and killing of a
suspected 14 year old spy as stompy
saipa she was also convicted of fraud
and theft to what extent did her
controversies overshadow her image as a
woman who fights for liberation the
struggle for liberation like any
struggle does have his undersides weenie
is not to be whitewashed we invade
mistakes sometimes terrible ones weenie
was implicated in the death of this
young man during the course of the
struggle you know how apartheid used to
work dude finger anyone as a spy and
this young man was fingered and weena
found herself caught up in that
situation but but what we have said is
that there's one thing that you can
never get wrong with with Mandela all
the mistakes that she's made were in the
direction of a struggle in the direction
of our revolution at no stage did any of
those mistakes detract from the road of
change the road of freedom in South
Africa were not whitewashing these
things people should talk about her life
talk about her positives as well as the
negatives but we are saying that at no
stage did she ever compromise or
struggle or betray our people we accept
her fully with the mistakes that she has
made and she has been told by ourselves
where things were wrong and they went
horribly wrong that's what Archbishop
Desmond Tutu said at what was called the
truth and the critical a reconsideration
a commission is atharva he asked him
surely things did go horribly wrong
Winnie and she hesitated but in the end
she said yes she accepted she entered
hares was to atone but at this moment
here in this country on this continent
we are not looking when a person is dead
we don't try to Maya and cut it down
insofar as what shortcomings she has got
that will address in history at this
moment were mourning for weeding we have
taken the positives from the book of
life were not not where I'm not away of
her shortcomings but we want to
emphasize her legacy the good things
that she did for a struggle for the
emancipation of all our people mistakes
and all they do happen these type of
things and we've never condoned them
okay and just finally can you just tell
what is more of the situation behind you
I know you're outside of her home and
and so at so just to set the scene for
us if you may and perhaps tell us some
of the stories that people are saying
about Winnie Mandela well there's a lot
of media here including the good old Al
Jazeera
many people from across the country are
here and it's it's common cause that
when when somebody has passed away of
this stature people come at home to pass
condolences and so on you know when you
saw you saw in there Princess Diana
passed on people come outside the palace
to put flowers and so on in our country
people try to they come to sing trade
training is it dancehall this EULA
dating that we hear baby getting behind
me they do that they're here to
reminisce they are here to exchange to
hold one another people can sit in their
whole own homes and and weep and mourn
for Winnie this is a morning they come
here tomorrow to hold one another and
that's what is happening here all right
mr. Tokyo sex father we thank you very
much for speaking to us from
Johannesburg
now I'm joined by Tim Visa Fukuda he's a
researcher at the Al Jazeera Centre for
studies and former chairman of the
foreign correspondents Association of
South Africa and from Johannesburg Asia
Kaji an activist and writer who
specializes in governance and
development welcome to you both thanks
for speaking to us on Inside Story this
is what the the president has said cyril
ramaphosa saying she was a voice for the
voiceless and the Thabo Mbeki foundation
put out a statement when he never
elevated herself above the people how
much does that ring true for you
well it's very true she was the face of
the South African struggle for much more
longer than many of the current leaders
within the ANC when many of the African
National Congress leaders were in exile
in some of them were in prison the
person who led the struggle in South
Africa was Winnie Mandela amongst others
so yes she she represented the struggle
for a very long time in fact for many of
my generation the only face we knew
which represented the party struggle was
that of inna Mandela because we are not
allowed for example to have pictures of
other liberation movement leaders
circulated within a certain community so
Winnie Mandela became the face of the
struggle against apartheid in South
Africa so yes I totally agree with what
the president said yesterday I shall she
was referred to as the mother of the
nation what was it for you that made her
earn that title well the very first time
I saw her from a distance in the
township of um Laozi in kwazulu-natal
she made a promise to a community that
didn't have running water that they
would within a month or two get what
used to be called standpipes in other
words pipes outside every few houses so
not within the houses but outside every
few houses so they wouldn't have to you
know transport water and within a few
weeks less than a month literally that
happened I saw that in action
under apartheid that was an extremely
powerful statement for me as to who we
nee was what she was how she operated
she was she came across as regal as
compassionate and passionate and very
very idealistic fiery but a raters dream
timbi say she herself had to endure
quite a bit while Nelson Mandela was in
prison himself how much how much did she
have to to endure and put up with them
well she was banished to some obscure
village in the then free state southern
part of South Africa taken away from a
common environment she was deprived of
living a normal life because of her
associations first with Nelson Mandela
but of course later and because of a
involvement within the struggle of South
Africa she was jailed often in solitary
confinement in many other instances
deprived of playing a role of a mother
to her two kids at the time so yeah I
mean Winnie Mandela went through quite
quite a bit but also as a woman she
epitomizes that you know African woman
spirit the enduring one and no wonder
many people particularly young stays
around the way she lived were attracted
to her house and because of that she
started some social kind of gatherings
including the Football Club which later
on came to kind of haunt her political
life but she was a mother figure to many
people and youngsters in South Africa so
yes she will be dearly missed by many
and it's difficult at this particular
time to find anything negative to say
about her notwithstanding of course that
has been a lot that has been reported
right over the years of what she did in
orange what I mean those people who have
a benefit of insight it's quite easy for
them to comment negatively but they are
all in the political struggle of South
Africa but for those who were around
vicinity and who lived particular ends
away - they will tell you that she was a
pillar of strength and that's why she
was
including house much more attractive to
youngsters from around the township at
the time well in the spirit of looking
at her life in a hole we will have to
look at some of the controversies in
just a moment before I get into that I
Shaw she once said this I am NOT
Mandela's product I am the product of
the masses of my country and the product
of my enemy what must what must it have
been like for her being a female leader
a woman in that time in that movement in
that culture yeah as to be said you know
she was very isolated she wrote a book
called 491 about her four 991 days of
confinement in the incarceration and for
the first 290 days of that she didn't
have access to anyone except a
interrogators and jailers imagine how
that must have felt as a young mother
who'd been taken from her home in the
middle of the night not knowing where
her children were not knowing whether
they were being cared for no access to
anybody outside those jailers for almost
a year and here she was the person who
was bearing the burden of carrying on
Mandela's iconography if you will in a
personal sense after he had been
sentenced to life imprisonment after the
ANC and other liberation movements had
been banned in many ways she was a Black
Power movement a black feminist
movements dream she was at a time when
the apartheid government was trying to
convince not just white people but black
people too that blackness was equivalent
to ugliness that blackness was
equivalent to stupidity here was an
outstandingly beautiful woman with an
extraordinary intellect with the power
of oratory with a huge personal charisma
she was the apartheid state's worst
nightmare incarnate and in all of that
and through all that the struggles and
travails she underwent she was fearless
she had so much courage she was
indomitable she remained compassionate
and passionate and very much a people's
person
Tamm bisa with the controversies how I
must say
just just one second if you may I
certain visa with her controversies how
much influence was she still able to
exert well she she she exerted a
tremendous amount of influence as I've
said in early on that for those who have
a benefit of insight yes they can
criticize but for her she was you know
on the ground leading from the front and
she influenced a lot not only in terms
of the political struggle in South
Africa but also the gender justice
movement or feminism for example the
understanding of of feminism's she'll
say in some places that the for example
women of the global south have got
different social political agencies
compared to the woman of the global
north she was all the people that at
least for me personally assisted me in
understanding the differences so she was
who was extremely extremely influential
she was also social worker if you go to
her current house in Soweto and speak to
the neighbors they will tell you that
she was involved in all kind of social
project within the vicinity but most
importantly I used to meet in a in a
shopping complex called macro in
Johannesburg she did her own shopping
often and she'll be posing with the
shoppers for pictures etc so she was she
was an all-rounder she was the mother
she was a freedom fighter but most
importantly she was that normal good
neighbor and I think many people who
remember her in different in different
ways okay I saw the South African
Communist Party has put out this
statement saying that it's deeply
worried that the South African
revolution is losing the veterans who
contributed immensely to our struggle
against colonial oppression and South
Africa is now poorer without her do you
agree I agree that South Africa is now
poor without many of our veterans but I
think we must also avoid a tendency
towards hagiography we nee Moini was not
perfect she was flawed and I was a
teenager when the whole scandal about
stompy broke about Abubakr us vets death
broke and her alleged involvement in
that about her speak
pain against a priest based largely on
homophobia etc so there were negatives
in her life many will pass these off as
being products of post-traumatic stress
disorder as being part of a war
situation but even within a war
situation there is a principle of just
fellow of Just War and Marini certainly
from the evidence we have in books such
as cat eases journey which really you
know highlights how a witness for the
TRC during her hearing was spirited out
of the country tortured and incarcerated
in Zambia for a while and eventually
made his way to the UK certainly that
eyewitness testimony of somebody who
witnessed Stumpy's murder and her
involvement in it he was another member
of this football club it really really
speaks to the fact that there was very
little done to establish whether the
allegations against stompy were actually
true or not or not and there's a lot in
that narrative that shows her up as
somebody who was deeply flawed who was
very judgemental at times very
contradictory at other times almost
perverse almost multiple personas and
here's I think I shall for the sake of
time let me let me let me just jump in
there because Tambi says she was very
critical or critical some people would
say off the ANC for example so how would
you describe the the state of the
relationship between Winnie Mandela and
the and the ANC today how do you think
the ANC is seeing this and what do you
think she would think of the state of
the party today what I think the
challenge that Lumina mandela latest
trouble or let's the AC in absence of
the leaders of the ANC for very long
time and certainly when many of the ANC
political prisoners were released and
some of when exile returned to South
Africa mainly men to an extent imposed
on her and she was already a powerhouse
she had established herself in her own
right as a strong political leader and I
think 20
then that's where the conflict of ideas
and the conflict of of how to move the
organization forward started creeping in
and she was of course very critical of
certain members of the insane settled
leaders of the ANC because the ANC after
at least 1994 when the first democratic
elections okayed in South Africa many of
them fell into the trap of the comforts
of power and she was one of those who
criticized the days she criticized the
president himself at that time yes she
Chris not all presidents including her
own former husband Nelson Mandela so she
was very critical because she stood for
a position and that's what she will miss
for she was not you know she she did not
to follow the the ANC's instruction to
the latter even though you know some of
those instructions that were given to
her when she felt that they were not
correct
she spoke against against them and she
spoke against the leadership of the ANC
and she'll be remembered for that by
many people including some of ANC
leaders okay we'll have to leave it
there thank you very much Tim Visa
Fukuda for joining us and ice Akagi
thank you for speaking to us as well and
earlier we had Tokyo sex wale who was
talking to us on the program and thank
you for watching you can see the program
again anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com/ /aj inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story for
myself and the whole team here in delcom
good bye for now
you
you
