almost every social media user has
probably done this before share an
article without having read the entire
story first
but that could land you in prison in
Malaysia if the news is deemed fake
under the anti fake news act anyone
found maliciously creating or sharing
information that is false or even partly
false may be fined up to a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars or jailed for a
maximum of six years the law will apply
to anyone inside or outside the country
regardless of nationality as long as the
news concerns Malaysia or its citizens
press freedom advocates say they're
concerned if the law may be used to
target voices of dissent particularly as
elections I expect it to be called soon
we have seen in fact over the last few
years where online expression has come
under target and an expressions held by
individuals not necessarily the media or
not always opposition politicians or
activists and so that's costing Internet
slightly wider than what it used to be
before Stephen Gahan the chief editor of
the news portal says other laws are
already being used against those who
publish information for government
objects to his online site of Malaysia
kini had posted video of a news
conference in which a politician had
criticized the attorney in general it
was over his handling of an
investigation into corruption
allegations surrounding a state
investment fund GaN has been charged
under an existing law that's used to
regulate online content communication
and multimedia I know that is a very
powerful law that actually criminalized
criminalizes you know anyone who opposed
anything that is considered offensive
annoying critics believe the anti fake
news law is intended to silence debate
of the scandals surrounding the fund
1mdb which was set up by the Prime
Minister Najib Razak Najib who was
implicated in the scandal denies any
wrongdoing recently a government
minister told Parliament
any news on 1mdb that's not been
verified by the government is faithful
rights groups journalist tech companies
have spoken out against the law arguing
it will stifle debate compromise access
to information and is so wide it can
even be used against satire and parody
those concerns appear to have been
ignored
Florence lui al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
