we crash is destroying everything is
destroying the country as a whole
people have lost hope because they just
don't feel like they really change I'm
very upset about it I want to remind
them that it's either we do something
about it or just leave it to get worse
than it already is I think things like
is the best way to do it it's a powerful
tool
I have a cinnamon have a silly have a
cinnamon ha ha ha ever seen it what
happened yeah what happens actually hi
bacilli is basically a track that is
just focusing on corruption yeah
corruption that is going on in our
country that is going on in the
government it was everywhere you go
corruption ii every way from our police
forces to people that we actually look
up to you know what i mean so it's a
sister track that is just sending out a
message or an entre so i write and it
has to stop I teamed up with a
corruption watch a safe so it's a
campaign it's a movement pocket mm-hmm
I'm the director for Fiesta blacks iris
in the music video we are coming from
you in Aspen Hills Johannesburg South
we're taking this entire club filled the
most opulent arrogant people in the
whole world and turn it upside down
listen up everybody
let's get your first positions and start
shooting now and action
two styles
my corruption destroys the trust that we
have in our public institutions the
people who suffer the most those that
are marginalized and that live in poor
in poor areas and they're loving below
the prayer line because they are
depending on the government for services
which are not being provided and they
still this major gap between the very
rich in the way before and I do believe
that corruption is a major cause of this
divide between our society what would
you like to tell the youth of South
Africa you know I just want people to
join me on this fight because obviously
I can't do it alone I can't be the only
one willing to fight I wanted to say
I've got a big mouth I talk a lot so I
was like this is a time for me just talk
talk talk and say everything that I want
to say
yeah we in the hood now hey now we now
in the slams like deep yeah we encrypt
um okay
you have like 20 people living in one
yard which is like all these checks and
everything so I'm just going to talk to
them about it and figure out what they
think should be happening what should be
given to them what they feel as much you
know being delivered and how they feel
about everything
the skate houses and education and
because UN Krypton does too many
there's a lot of dropping school
pregnancy it's awfully when the wind
blows these things goes like oh my god
sleepy it's so cold this is the politic
area this is my freedom Charter was
signed just I guess ya know this
couldn't Charter was signed right thing
yeah it uh it is Church but this is the
place government was supposed to look at
first because everybody got to learn
because of the time
okay and here's my granny okay go
no no no he said she's strong
my grandmother is 97 and she you see how
she's standing she's drunk and she can
run if you mix with her she'll hit you
with the stick
never
my mother Jill don't happen to meet
Olivia kook oh you know I'm talking hold
on I will only go to the eternity but
yeah it takes no ice in any cell phone
face on each each a remark I abide
repaying boom
Grabavoy can tele 120 levering care a
type 100 runs ever we have us now you
fake a calculator later who's Veronica
or Abajo Nova Wow then at the end of the
day because when la Kimura kids are my
inner valve a little nervous to move
around
oh ma Gracie
it's a very good example of corruption
and crime work again today the
corruption watching them corruption at
its base at week one and it's not only
my mama alone you must do something
about it
hmm it means do something about it not
like free time when I'm gonna talked
about corruption rush we're gonna do
something about it it was bad
there's a there's so many old people
here whoever's doing that is making so
much money every man from crooking the
elderly out of their pension many people
are receiving very well they love the
name with a song and I Vasily they we
kept its catchy and they agreed they
wicked people actually do care and they
do want to change
Josiah Hallion Pauline Kaneohe to
critique someone around man gap saya
adalah pinioned and disabilities since I
oppose yeah
indeedy defeatist forgiving booty camera
anatomy my house Siam Paragon kombucha
holla back on top Munusamy
be berated ito Saguna Gong Gong Gong
Gong Sibylla she's are ducking in a
moment a tumble happen
snack like a water me let me laugh
jamika casaya come on amana's hiya papa
Jared namazi bloom DISA
yeah Ksenia Mama and Daddy
Takada motor come on up on sire maou
it's okay
well JD warnet are on internet he
cheated you Joseph or Tony Anubha
goodness Herman Watts Kandahar's credit
coming up say blazer blazer blazer
society maybe Santa Claus Omaha in the
pockets cater to a town al Rahman da see
the replay wedding wedding plus lambda1
mercy hidden in small a tamale hat
melihat photography to caramel Ahaziah
tap-in burner burner Melia Correa sie
sehen bill photo a guitar
dick opinion do a reboot 11 gratis the
hypermalaria of the kawah ijen serra da
Cunha can repot Ando a lot and then
share from chateau-thierry topic
undocumented super hair tarantula entire
sorry to come Iranian become local oh hi
another D button are now among burner
Photography Nigella photography Lambeth
plow under build up our onion unit and
Jessica tah so maranhão say a command
economy and Appy geek Akita mangu not an
eye so the ATA's lap and Otto's
la la la la mañana de práctica tapi saya
quinoa potato send apartments Eggman
so when sets muharram and set Masaryk at
Wawa Sudha yeah an opinion attitude
American access to jihad an opinion on
that a typical one person dearie then
did Hassan Aegean and a super ko
dependence fella Manta to join with a
Masai among bloggers topography
yes somebody's car I'm cool Massey under
or a massive moment on salamat I am
Dutch in Matthew koma he that didn't so
separa
and now because
because I saw a tow man cannot injure
Diandra babe
ha ha ha ha
100 young turn back we go to the auction
yeah my children my family I nominate
them as long as you have fighting desire
as long as you don't have wicked desire
I met your dream true you never call me
a movie mecca and oxygen easily image
so one who goes from other places in
Kenya like people to say he's a
naturalist is our parent and in Western
media we only had a couple Somali you
know they used to cover war and Somalis
daily there was a positive story to tell
we feel that that actually we needed to
communicate the world thinking trailer I
just posted three days back I know you
can see 17900 I'll take it
whatever we upload our finest India's
poorest in racing you know Somalia one
of the no they are talking about it
second behind how could you know and
feature film way and I could you local a
holographic ojala could you know how
Habana had every and Flamel American cap
like random of the very hard on
generation ago
Garan okay we had that efficient wise to
produce filaments it was beeper is
device to come is scripted for
brainstorming but when we try to shoot
it was quite challenging we never had
equipment and we never professional
actors and in Somalia we had staged
believes we never had like a summary so
we have another cameras maybe four or
five it will be okay so are they worried
and off with money today
Catina in covered you Hollywood in Kiev
honestly we are problems
cataleya whenever we have grenade
initially it's silly who's been price it
was hey tonight actually bullets would
come to my house
there is that fear they don't look for
criminality they just bring people
together and they harassed at the name
of the reason on the name of all Shabaab
some of my members actually they were
arrested for that like it's my night he
was arrested that part of me and he was
doing probation training immediately
take you to the policy statement and
they will ask you many questions like my
age some policeman they are saying to
you oh you have super power as they seem
to you're also an innocent yeah I'm not
saying there's no terrorists in Italy
but if we have any we need to do
investigation and arrest prosecute for
criminalists those are as in the whole
community
so I can say we double the victim is
Papa's bullies and terrorism I normally
could like threat is from those
terrorism group this Thursday telling me
hey your attention you are comforting I
will use but you're doing it again with
the Islam what do you do with each other
for training mentoring them until in the
V role model and positive change but for
them they don't ever want this it wanted
to recruit them and to his suicide find
a bomb and all that and I noticed I
created a lot of enemy and I never had
before that I felt that it's very
insecure and I never had budget for me
to hire a guide to consume curity as
when I moved to a clerical le choix
the real issue is the pit path although
my vision field is on and I want to
change easily but I got the because of
myself now like a missile I gave to
Divya I miss Italy you see like actually
it's like another world and in our
culture like moral community we talk
more terms of my friends I miss the tour
used to come from the store like minutes
okay I broke through silly
I'll come today
yeah I'm not afraid because I know I
will die one day and I'm dying for cause
I don't have production to communicate
my enemies I wish to say you guys join
and support us and don't try to serve
our dream
