it might be impossible to know what has
been lost here the Grand Mosque of al
nouri has stood since 11 72 it was the
location from where the leader of ISIL
abu bakr al baghdadi declared an Islamic
state in July 2014 the Iraqi military
says ISIL fighters blew up the mosque as
they retreated ISIL blamed the damage on
the Americans but archaeologists the
loss of the mosque is a loss for the
whole of Iraq until now we don't have an
exact statistic of what has been looted
or destroyed artifacts that were either
on display at the most museums and in
other places were damaged and destroyed
by ISIL generally our information tells
us that at least 80 archaeological sites
were sabotage by ISIL before the
military campaign to drive them out
began in late 2016 ISIL is alleged to
have sold artifacts on the international
black market in 2015 the University
College London Institute of Archaeology
reported the antiquities from areas
controlled by ISIL were openly on sale
in London Iraqi archaeologists say their
government has done little to assess the
loss because it has more pressing
concerns no has the local authorities
and the government view Iraq's artifacts
is something of an accessory and not a
crucial issue to worry about the issues
of displaced people and security are at
the top of their agenda nowadays but if
we give it a second thought then we have
to admit that the heritage of Nineveh is
its identity and the country's heritage
even before Iraq was the country sites
were looted by Europeans and more
recently priceless artifacts were hidden
away behind closed doors because of the
security situation even today at the
Iraqi Museum in Baghdad at visitors a
few but those who do come make the most
of it the pupils here are taking a group
photo that's actually quite a rare thing
and something they've only been able to
do recently this museum was shot in 2003
because of the us-led invasion and
occupation when looters
came and took things from the museum now
it was reopened in 2012 under very tight
security is only very recently the
people have been able to come back here
officials with Iraq State Board of
Antiquities understand that a huge
effort will be needed to document the
losses but also to protect or remains
our main obstacles and challenges are
funding some of the historical sites are
in areas of unexploded munitions and we
need a security effort to clear them we
also need international support to
restore these artifacts we need
international effort for the restoration
and bring back looted artifacts to Iraq
we need more aerial surveillance and
more manpower to secure the remaining
historical sites across Iraq without
that effort
Iraq's heritage could likely be lost for
future generations like these children
who have come to learn about their
country's rich and diverse history
Arrancar al Jazeera
