emergency workers say more than a dozen
people from the same family including
several children were killed in the
strike in the yemeni port city of her
dada
we were at home having breakfast in the
building all safe and sound when the
collation hit the apartments of him our
neighbor was in his car and he left it
and ran and when he came to take his
family the second strike hit and the
woman were running in all directions it
was a big strike two other adults were
also killed in the attack on the housing
compound we were sitting down and the
planes were flying above us as soon as I
decided to go to sleep a rocket hit us I
only gained consciousness when the whole
building had collapsed on us I started
digging in the rubble and burnt my leg
in the process then the second rocket
hit us many people living in this Houthi
rebel health area are displaced
civilians from other provinces here in
the military hospital we have been
treating those in critical condition
mainly from severe burns loss of organs
and amputation of legs and hands more
than ten thousand people have been
killed since audio Rabiya and the united
arab emirates intervened in Yemen's war
in 2015 the Coalition is supporting the
internationally recognized government of
President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi
against Houthi rebels the airstrikes
helped turn Yemen one of the world's
poorest countries into what the UN calls
the world's worst humanitarian disaster
the Houthi struck back at Saudi Arabia
after the attack on 4 died down
Human Rights Watch has called on the
rebel group to immediately stop their
indiscriminate attacks on populated
areas of Saudi Arabia but the saudi-led
Coalition has received the brunt of the
international community's criticism
UNICEF says the strike in Haneda on
Monday was one of the deadliest attacks
on children since the escalation of the
conflict three years ago Paul Trudeau G
on al Jazeera
