the children at any sir camp in Syria
tease each other and play like most
others their age but because their
family members lived under ISIL
they're not treated like ordinary
children their movements are restricted
just like their mothers who were married
to ISIL fighters or supporters Khadija
is among them she was brought to Syria
by her husband
now Khadija and her children cannot go
home to Tunisia my husband used to fight
in Aleppo and he was killed there I so
brought us to a hostel which was run by
cruel woman one woman even gave birth in
the toilet but she wasn't allowed
medical help no one could go outside if
they were not married I married this
injured man who needed someone to take
care of him we decided to flee but the
trafficker took us to a Kurdish area we
were arrested the women in camps come
from around 40 countries almost all
share similar stories thousands came to
live in what ISIL called its Caliphate
after the group took control of large
parts of Syria and Iraq but everyone who
lived with the group is now seen as an
accomplice this Syrian teacher says her
first husband was killed by the Syrian
government and she remarried a Moroccan
man so her three children would be taken
care of we have nothing to do in Isis we
don't care about them they are very bad
people you know and they put my
imprisoned my husband and one month in
prison and I don't know which prison he
is all the time I was looking for him
and they told me just go back to home
you are a woman it's forbidden to go
alone you know the reason why they
imprison him is just for smoking we are
thinking that you are flowing from Hell
to heaven that and you know actually we
are in another health it's miserable
situation here Femi rocky and Syrian
women have been sentenced to death for
their alleged crimes but rights workers
say finding women guilty by association
is not a fair process first and foremost
trials should be fair there's no there's
no way around that I mean we can't like
start from the assumption that trials
won't be fair and then examine
alternatives talking about international
right you have a right to have a fair
trial anywhere you are US forces have
trained fighters from the Syrian
Democratic force on how to treat
prisoners and some efforts are underway
to repatriate at least some of the women
and children it's
difficult situation and very tragic
especially for the children I know a lot
of countries have expressed interest of
bringing the children back to their
country depending on where the fighters
are from but right now that problem
still needs to be solved
rather than just putting them in a camp
but many countries do not want anything
to do with the people who lived under
ISIL rights activists say injustice
breeds contempt and instability and the
danger from a lack of free trial and
indifference from home countries is a
continuing cycle of vengeance and not
something that groups such as ISIL have
taken advantage of sama bin Javed al
Jazeera Al Heim on the iraq-syria border
