another violent day in the nine-year-old
battle between Nigeria security forces
and Boko Haram a familiar picture for
people in the country's northeast what
necessay fighters struck the communities
of Germany and banished owari with bombs
and guns
another cover of darkness we only heard
gunshots we went out and saw Boko Haram
with their bombs people were running
into each other and the bomb killed them
emergency workers were deployed to the
scene hours later and started the grim
task of recovery suicide bomb became -
ballet shoe killed about 15 people there
they came to Bali pura killed three
people there dozens of the injured ended
up here there are fears that some may
succumb to the severe injuries they
sustained during the attack the army
issued a statement saying it killed 13
attackers and that it lost one soldier
although the government says Boko Haram
has been defeated its citizens continue
to live in fear and pain the government
of an amnesty to the fighters it's not
certain if they will take it a similar
offer in the past failed to work and
it's even difficult now that Boko Haram
is splinted and continues targeting
isolated vulnerable villages as people
in this region mourn their dead they
also wonder if and when the fighters
will strike again Mohammed Idris al
Jazeera Freetown Sierra Leone
