this letter as you can get it up for you
has been sent to households across the
UK last month it declares that April 3rd
should be punished a Muslim day now it
comes with a list of rewards for acts of
violence against Muslims like verbal
abuse beating up a throwing acid at of
Muslim pulling off the headscarf of a
Muslim woman burning or bombing a mosque
or even Mecca now the letter takes aim
at people it says would like nothing
more than to do harm in Europe and North
America now it's not clear why the state
was picked April 3rd but four MPs have
also raised concerns in the UK House of
Commons they're describing the letters
as a really urgent situation and the UK
counterterrorism police have also
launched a hate crime investigation and
the in national police chiefs
Association have also issued this
statement saying that the threats are
taken seriously and measures were under
way to protect potential victims from
harm now to put things into perspective
in 2016 there has been a rise in 29% of
hate crimes across England and Wales
this is according to a UK Home Office
reports it also defines that hate crime
is an offense motivated by hostility or
prejudice towards a victim's race
religion and sexual orientation
previous incidents against the Muslim
community in particular have included
arson and acid attacks as well as hate
mail sent to mosques and schools well
mix adversity from the Muslim Council of
Britain says more needs to be done we
need action from the government and now
this means answering questions from
members of parliament when they raised
them this means taking action on their
hate crime action plan and this means
providing me assurance to mr.
communities on the ground we want all
forms of bigotry to be treated equally
and fairness not favours something this
government has not been able to write so
far and it's sent out ripples of alarms
not just nationally but around the world
these YouTube bloggers have been
reacting calling on people to be
vigilant for people
to do to normal people walking in the
street smallish any other thing to do
with Terry April's 1/3 this is not a
joke this is something crazy
a lot of news and media people are
already talking about it they're
actually publicly advertising this as
punish a Muslim day it affects not only
me it affects so many people I know my
mum wears a scarf and if my mum scarf
got pulled off it would honestly affect
me
be careful um today if you are traveling
if you are gay now look off little women
especially and the women should have
cost in the men - cos I need help - and
yeah that is it just be careful right
and we also heard from tell mama an
organization that measures anti Muslim
attacks their director issued this
appeal the UK is on the right that's why
in the coming days and months we George
Clooney's used to report any incidents
that they feel they have come across
that might minor and whether it's to
tell mama or to the police we also asked
communities to all the upstanders
against the heat and internet so they
see better than bystanders we're also
seeing a counter version of the setter
dubbed love a Muslim which includes a
list of acts of kindness now we heard
from Sahaba Driss who is an activist who
started this letter came up with this
idea the following day after we heard
about the the punishments and their
letters that we respond in a proactive
positive way to create some positivity
out of this sheer negativity that was
very very alarming so love of Muslim day
was created so instead of inciting
violence and terror in the hearts and
minds of the Muslim communities we
wanted people to commit random acts of
kindness now uses online are calling on
people to stand united for peace and
against Islamophobia with some even
planning counter events as well so what
do you think needs to be done to tackle
hate crime tweet me at Rahila Muhammad
or use the hashtag AJ news grid
