right is on our side the people are
behind us we will win the words of Luis
companies the Catalan president in 1937
they turned out to be tragically wrong
General Francisco Franco's fascist
forces overthrew the republican
government two years later at a terrible
cost in human lives it was a foretaste
of what was to come for the rest of
Europe in the Second World War the
Catalan President escaped into exile in
France but the German police from the
Gestapo arrested him and he was handed
over to Franco companies was kept in the
dungeons of the 17th century castle of
Mont Jouy
in the hills above Barcelona this simple
monument marks the spot where he was
executed by firing squad in 1940 he
refused the blindfold and removed his
shoes so he could feel the soil of
Catalonia for the last time last year
calles pushed him on visited to pay
tribute but some historians say no
comparison can be made between the two
leaders to make easy analogies there are
obvious rhythms but to make easy
analogies is very difficult because it
really is not the same thing but the
charge that history is repeating itself
in Spain is gaining traction amongst
demonstrators in Catalonia they feel
betrayed and abandoned by the European
Union posts on Twitter reveal the extent
of the anger
President Putin chased and denounced by
the Spanish Secret Service's to German
justice in 1940 it was the German
Gestapo 28,000 350 days later the German
police arrest again a president of the
Catalan government history will be
repeated Hitler handed over companies to
Franco who killed him the sounds of
protests in the region have been
silenced as the country enters the
Easter holiday season but they'll be
heard again when pooj mum faces the
extradition proceedings he faces 30
years in jail
on rebellion charges david Chater al
jazeera Barcelona
