when Hugo was 2 years old his parents
discovered that he had autism a
condition that affects behavior and
communication doctors told the couple to
place their son in psychiatric daycare
psychologists blame them for his
behavior sancutary psychologists who say
you're making things up or it's your
fault or that you've caused this
condition because you've loved him too
much or not enough you breastfed him too
much or not enough we need to get out of
this psycho analytical approach today
hugo attends his local school with a
carer but that's rare in france where
most autistic children have no access to
mainstream education on Saturday
families marched in Paris they say the
French state's treatment of autistic
children is shameful and they won't
change putting children in psychiatric
hospitals has to stop it makes families
suffer and the children won't develop
campaigners say that France 50 years
behind countries like Britain and the
United States when it comes to
diagnosing and treating autism and one
of the big reasons face
that is the France still focuses very
much on ineffective psychiatric
treatments instead of educational had
behavioral therapies but psychiatrists
say that they have an important role to
play when it comes to autistic children
you have to really ignore the facts to
say that they are not suffering when
people tell me
jeezum is just another way of being in
the world or just a different type of
intelligence
it will it trivializes it muhammad saaw
g-d was so fed up with a lack of support
and options in france for his son Sammy
he set up his own school the emphasis
here is on behavioral therapy and
integrating children into mainstream
school and society the new government
must decide to break with the old system
and create a new public health strategy
for autism that means extra money new
training and new methods which some of
us in France are already using the
United Nations recently condemned France
for violating the rights of autistic
children the government says it's taking
the matter seriously it's preparing to
launch a new autism action plan this
month but few people here dare to hope
that it will provide the support and
financial help they've been waiting for
for so long
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
