president Donald Trump began Easter
Sunday with a holiday greeting on social
media that later degenerated into a
Twitter rant over his proposed border
wall with Mexico and threats to dreamer
immigrants saying these big flows of
people are all trying to take advantage
of daca they want in on the act when
asked about the tweets as he headed to
church the president had this to say
Mexico has got to help us at the border
and a lot of people are coming in
because they want to take advantage of
daca and we're going to have to
see that a great chance the Democrats
flew it had a great great chance
deferred action for childhood arrivals
or daca has been a bone of contention
for president Trump his threats to end
it have spawned protests across the u.s.
daca was created under President Barack
Obama and shields undocumented
immigrants who came to the US as
children before 2007 last fall President
Trump gave Congress 6 months to fix daca
but it failed to do so after
negotiations with the White House broke
down over immigration policy the
administration tried to get the US
Supreme Court to intervene but it
refused last month that was forced to
renew some daca permits under court
order President Trump has vacillated on
daca in meetings with congressional
leaders earlier this year he seemed open
to a permanent fix but in recent weeks
his attitude seems to have changed yet
again prompted by security issues at the
border with Mexico and a proposed border
wall with America's neighbor to the
south that still remains largely
unfunded Dianne Estabrook al Jazeera
Washington
