security forces in indian-administered
Kashmir opened fire on villagers trying
to stop the arrest of suspected armed
separatists when the gunfire started we
saw security forces everywhere since
then only ambulances were seen on the
roads carrying the injured they are
firing directly the violence has started
in a gunfight between rebels and
soldiers while the houses where rebels
were holed up burned soldiers fired
bullets air guns and teargas in all
several soldiers along with more than a
dozen rebels and civilians were killed
in three villages we were offering
funeral prayers and teargas shelling
started they fired pellets and tear gas
and didn't allow people to participate
in the funeral they fired directly at
people during a funeral procession for
one of the rebel commanders crowds
chanted that those who died are heroes
hindu-majority India and muslim-majority
Pakistan both claimed the entirety of
the now divided territory as their own
they think that the Kashmiri struggle
for freedom will end by such means but
God willing the freedom movement will
rise like the Sun and this struggle
belongs to our youngsters
hundreds of villagers along the de facto
border between the Indian and Pakistani
administered Kashmir have been forced to
flee their homes because of cross-border
shelling in recent months both countries
accuse each other of targeting civilians
tens of thousands of people have been
killed in the decades-old conflict and
now the Indian government is
anticipating more violence
Paul trader G on al Jazeera
