Sydney's Opera House is the city's most
famous building but Sydney's most
successful operas are shown here not
inside the Opera House but using it as a
backdrop
this year it's La Boheme showing on a
stage overhanging the harbor's water on
the edge of a city park this is the
dress rehearsal for a four-week run last
year when carmen was shown here
most performances sold out this is what
opera was originally about it was a very
very popular art form and here 3,000
seats where we're doing 26 performances
of the one opera means that it's it's
reaching the people that I think are
important
opera Australia says engaging a wide
audience is vital and outdoor opera with
subtitles here is what brings in the
crowds there's lots of things going on
and I'm just trying to focus on what's
going on because I don't on Sam French
unfortunately so I'm just going along
with it what do you think of the setting
yeah it's amazing it the views insane
I'm not an opera buff at all no but I
just love seeing this I don't understand
Italian or French or anything but I like
the I like the fact that it's translated
form but outdoor acoustics can never
match those inside the best opera houses
and it's hard to suspend reality and be
in LA boh√®me is Paris with the real
sights and sounds of Sydney either side
of the stage
and then there is the weather there are
no refunds if it rains the show only
stops in dangerous lightning storms so
cannot were ever really be enjoyed if
you're sitting watching it soaking wet
for the dress rehearsal many you were
you're never going to control the
weather they're gonna be nights they get
rained out it just happens there are
probably some people that are snobby
about it and that's fine if they want to
be I enjoy the experience for what it is
like it's a totally different experience
and it's a wonderful experience and
enjoy for what it is most do the reviews
have been almost universally good andrew
thomas al jazeera sydney
