November 26 2017 election night in
Honduras two candidates both claiming
victory total chaos with 54% of the
votes counted the trend was a clear win
for left-wing opposition candidate
Salvador Nasrallah but then the computer
system mysteriously broke down as the
hours ticked by uncertainty grew some
commentators settled in for the long
haul but one outlet Honduras as largest
private TV station Televi central seemed
assured who the winner would be when the
computer system finally came back online
a full day later the vote count had been
turned upside down
the right-wing incumbent cuando la
Miranda was sadly ahead la principal
corporation the main media corporation
in Honduras Televi Center had been
saying that despite the opposition
candidate being in the lead votes was
slowly coming in from rural areas and
they would change the result this
remains the recurring narrative and in
the end it was the truth imposed
nationwide guessing born evil eternally
in a pictorial there were differences of
opinion some media outlets agreed with
the courts position that the vote had
been completely transparent while
opposition media outlets stated there
had been fraud that there was a
dictatorship going on and Orlando was
not the president but it reports from
the observers of the Organization of
American States
at no point suggested that fraud had
taken place so most media followed that
line
Simone casa de los medios el Presidente
Alecto la república de dooda próximo
quadrennium this is Yolanda
and Alvarado a few outlets however when
ready to accept the election result at
face value
Vladi Progresso was one of them econ is
the process of electoral Asuna
especially kleptocracy política based in
the north of interest garage a professor
is a small radio station with a big
following nationwide more than one and a
half million people tuned in to listen
out of a country of nine million the
station is run by the Catholic order of
Jesuits an organization that does
extensive work with some of Honduras s
most neglected at least heard
communities president I will not call
him president because he has seized
power and he is illegitimate but the
media keep insisting that there is
nothing important going on here in
Honduras their narrative is deeply
ideological and reflects the interests
of the winners when the mainstream media
talk about the election they argued that
there was no electoral fraud but a
successful campaign by Juan Orlando
Hernandez this narrative conceals the
real dynamics of the repression the
constitutional breach and the control of
the state by an alliance between the
oligarchy political power and
multinationals iguana multinationals
for months since the election rally
Progresso hasn't stopped demanding
answers its persistence has put it in
the crosshairs of opponents in December
the station's broadcast antenna in the
capital Tegucigalpa was knocked down
online dangerous and defamatory material
has been circulated about the station
and its director father ismail moreno
known as poveri minogue ballymaloe
father a mellow has always been seen as
an inconvenient person for some sectors
in power because he's always questioned
the local elites whatever because we
have been questioning what we consider
to be a dictatorship I have had for
anonymous false accusations connecting
me with drug trafficking and money
laundering promoting violence and
smuggling weapons these are intended to
stigmatize us and discredit our work
recently a colleague was told is this
you we are going to kill you
they were mama dad in this highly
polarized situation no threat against
this outlet should be considered
insignificant they're important because
a radio producer is the voice of the
dissidents yellow defend the majority of
media outlets in Honduras are owned by
big business former politicians and
evangelical and Catholic churches
the result is output that seems
overwhelmingly aligned with the interest
of the political and corporate
establishment by contrast you need 61
years on the air gradu Progresso has
focused on providing a platform to
voices Hondurans simply don't hear
anywhere else
Disaronno para unos pocos pero no para
todos / delta retool / de la cultura no
existe razón de hacer de la comunidad
polo Haruna C no tiene so territory
petraju professors work has meant
serious challenges and
times deadly consequences for its staff
in 2011 correspondent Ned Academy as was
countdown three years later
marketing manager Carlos Mejia was
stabbed to death then in 2016
indigenous rights activist Berta
Cassidy's was murdered cassadee's and
the station director Ismael Moreno were
close friends and hard work together to
set up a network of community radio
stations called copy to the residencia
kill identify Carmen is 70 any aqui con
la gente el copying in canto a la gente
can you chant o el pais foreign on
Dorothy teamed up Berta Caceres Taniya
bares a Casillas had found a home at
radio progress oh I remember that we
were once looking at a picture someone
had taken of us together and she turned
to me and said let's see who leaves this
world first her murder was a warning for
audio progress or a warning that anyone
in the country can be murdered Berta
Caceres was tried in the courts then she
was tried in the media then she was
assassinated we're certain now that
whenever a campaign like this appears on
social media or any other space we know
there will be a direct form of
aggression against that individual this
is the case of padre Melo and all of his
team who are receiving death threats
the online attacks against rally
progress on Ismael Moreno have told
striking similarities to the accusations
against Salvador Nasrallah and the
opposition the name could escape to this
process of smearing silencing
alternative voices privileging official
narratives circa media Tico or media
siege in the nine years since the
National Party first came to power
Honduran media have felt the squeeze
outlets have been closed down jail terms
have been introduced for reporting what
authorities deem us justified on
inciting terrorism
the new law to control social media
balloons on the horizon the
establishment media are part of a
strategy by top businessmen politicians
and multinational corporations to
counter any human rights activists and
independent journalists who operate
outside their system the establishment
media in Honduras are responsible for
controlling freedom of speech in other
words they are mutilating freedom of
speech Camellia they have been
accusations that the establishment media
dominate the landscape but in truth
we're a small country just eight million
people and we have a large variety of
media outlets I don't think there is
such a thing as media suppression
because the media here interview all
kinds of people whether or not they
share their ideology are famous
Hondurans have long debated who actually
controls their media now they are
arguing over who won the election who
should be run in the country by your
Farina perspective Hondurans won't find
in the mainstream media gravia professor
is an anomaly and with three people
already pain with their lives for the
work the station is playing a dangerous
game alternative narratives alternative
journalism
