as election officers count the votes
Sara Leoneans hold their breath this is
the last leg for difficult three months
officials are hoping that the turnout
will be high to give legitimacy to the
process when President Ernest Bai Koroma
arrived to choose his successor there
was hardly anyone queuing to vote those
who did left long before the low turnout
was not lost on the president my only
concern runoff is the voter turnout that
seemed to be a bit lower than what we
experienced on the seventh with all the
gains we have made it is incumbent on
the candidates to accept the outcome of
the elections this is what some say is
partly responsible for some voters
staying away especially in more rural
areas heavily armed soldiers at polling
stations they are not so enthusiastic in
terms of how the process is spoiled the
real Camaro lives close to why the
president voted but is not keen on
voting and there are thousands who think
that way the race has narrowed to two
candidates after the first round failed
to produce a clear winner voters must
choose between a former military ruler
and a former government minister they
both represent parties that have
dominated politics in Sierra Leone
voters who turned up are mostly young
and are eager to change the way things
are done here for those who chose to
participate like this first-time voter
they simply want their voices heard
election officials say results could be
out in a few days but we ever succeeds
this man will have to find a way to
unite settle unions polarized by the
election as well as addressing the
critical needs of the people I met in
Treece al Jazeera Freetown
