this was a very personal opportunity for
close friends and family to say their
goodbyes that insisted the service would
be held in Cambridge the city he loves
so much and which loved him in return
the six pallbearers were Porter's drawn
from Keyes College they all knew him
personally demonstrating the strength of
connection between professor Hawking and
his college that goes back to 1965 when
he joined as a research fellow among the
mourners on Saturday the actor Eddie
Redmayne who won an Oscar portraying
Stephen Hawking in the film of his life
the theory of everything to go back to
the beginning of time and then to black
holes there are no limits to human
spirit a towering intellect matched by a
dogged determination gave him the rare
gift of communicating complex theories
not just the Presidents and Prime
Minister's but all people and that's why
he's remembered by so many at 21 he was
given just two and a half years
diagnosed with motor neuron disease he
lived on for more than 50 he died two
and a half weeks ago in Cambridge
thousands of students signed the book of
condolence in honor of the Cambridge
professor could inspire generations to
pursue careers in science Ethan a hero
of mine and my guiding light of my
journey hidden to study maps the
Cambridge 500 mourners attended the
service on Saturday many more outside
with very personal memories well I
suppose the only thing was that he was
always going around in Cambridge in his
wheelchair so you saw this figure sort
of whizzing along in his electric
wheelchair
stopping saying hello to people oh well
he definitely would be remembered for
great man not only a person who was on
in science and it was the whole discover
that I mean the whole study that he did
but also as a funny man
in June they'll be another more formal
service of remembrance held in
Westminster Abbey
that'll give oil tea and politicians a
chance to look back on the achievements
of a remarkable man his ashes will be
interred in Westminster Abbey alongside
those of another cambridge scientist
Isaac Newton Peter Sharpe al-jazeera in
Cambridge
