Yemeni firefighters did all they could
to stop the flames but more than 50 tons
of critically needed food and relief
supplies were lost the five warehouses
in the rebel-held port city of hidaya
were being used by the United Nations
Food Programme the Red Sea port has been
a lifeline for people in the war-torn
country had the fire being controlled
from the beginning it wouldn't have
reached this extent by Sunrise the fire
was huge warehouses were burning and the
fire was expanding and spreading from
store to store the one says it's
investigating but some port workers are
blaming an electrical short-circuit got
the news of this fire from the
governorate operation room when we
arrived here we found a lot of safety
and security negligence and this has led
to a huge spread of fire all over the
place the internationally recognized
government of Yemen is blaming the
rebels that hold the port it says the
criminals behind this fire should be
punished
Yemen is one of the world's poorest
countries the three year war between the
iran-backed Houthi rebels and the
saudi-backed Yemeni government in exile
has left more than 10,000 people dead
there are also outbreaks of Cholera and
diphtheria this warehouse fire is a
further setback for those trying to help
civilians in what the UN calls the
world's worst humanitarian crisis Paul
Chatterjee on al-jazeera
