Israeli forces shoot hundreds of
Palestinians during land day protests at
the two-state solution peace process
dies on frustrations rising can a Jewish
majority in Israel be maintained
Palestinian refugees are ever allowed to
return to their land this is inside
story
I'm Sammy's Aiden hello welcome to the
show the UN secretary-general Antonio
Guterres has called for an independent
investigation into the deaths of 17
Palestinians shot by Israeli forces
during a protest in Gaza more than 1,400
protesters were injured
half of them were hit by Israeli gunfire
the protesters were marking land day the
day in 1976 when two thousand hectares
of land was confiscated from Palestinian
citizens of Israel six people died in
subsequent protests back then in a
moment we'll look more closely at the
Palestinian land question but first her
dad that Hameed reports on Friday's
events in Gaza it was supposed to be a
peaceful day but as unarmed protesters
marched towards the border fence Israeli
soldiers opened fire sharpshooters were
deployed but Palestinians frustrated by
the endless siege they live under were
undeterred Israeli commanders say they
issued warnings against approaching the
border fence
we will never shoot one bullet against
anyone who stays away from the security
wall we have warned during the last few
days that everyone who tries to violate
the Israeli sovereignty or to infiltrate
the Israeli territories will put himself
and his life in danger
but for besieged Palestinian
demonstrating next to the border is
about the only visible means available
for the world not to forget their plight
we live under immense pressure that is
why the people explode the blockade and
the siege led to the explosion we are
there choose to live properly or to die
we have no space we have no alternatives
but to explode we have nothing except
the oxygen in the air
Landa is considered the first
palestinian popular uprising for the
past 42 years Palestinians have been
commemorating this day but this year
after Trump's declaration over Jerusalem
it has taken greater significance it all
started here in northern Israel after
thousands of hectares of land were
confiscated from Palestinians back in
1976 six Palestinians were killed then
Yamaha Meade says nothing has changed
since Palestinian land is still being
taken away now more than ever we came to
commemorate this day because we have to
confront the state it's important to
remember our martyrs and it's important
to save our ownership of the land I
personally think we should resist until
our last breath we shouldn't negotiate
anymore we shouldn't give up our rights
we need to find new ways many of the
people living in Gaza today are refugees
and they're demanding their right to
return home several tents have been
erected a little further away from the
border fence for what is being called
the great march of return people are
vowing to stay here until May 15th by
then
do us is u2 have moved its embassy from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem but up till Hamad
Al Jazeera in northern Israel well let's
take a closer look at what many see as a
never-ending Israeli land grab last
month for loan approval was given for
the construction of more than 1,000
settlement homes in the occupied West
Bank nearly seven thousand settlement
homes were approved last year the
highest number in four years
there are now 600,000 settlers in the
occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem
building permits for Palestinians
however are difficult to obtain some of
their homes are at constant risk of
demolition on Palestinian research group
estimates that more than 5,000 homes
have been demolished in Jerusalem alone
since 1967 at least five million
Palestinians remain displaced scattered
in camps within the Palestinian
territory as well as in Jordan Lebanon
and Syria let's bring in our panel now
we have
from West Jerusalem Robbie Sabol law
professor at Hebrew University of
Jerusalem and a former legal adviser in
the Israeli Foreign Ministry from
Ramallah Osama rori director at the
Jerusalem legal aid and Human Rights
Center and from Chicago Ali Abunimah the
co-founder of the Electronic Intifada an
independent online news publication
focusing on Palestine welcome to you all
if I could start with Ali in Chicago so
although of course the struggle for land
has been the sort of key central theme
to the israeli-palestinian conflict
our tensions rising now and heating up
more than ever before well I mean we've
just seen Israeli snipers carry out a
premeditated massacre of Palestinians in
the Gaza Strip who are marching for
their right to return to learn from
which they were ethnically cleansed just
because they're not Jewish I think this
really the the bloody events on Friday
Israel turned Good Friday into a bloody
Friday show us that land remains at the
heart of this situation and as I'm sure
you know everything about I'm sure
Israel and its supporters would argue
that they're there to simply prevent
Palestinians from spilling over from the
Gaza side of the border and creating
problems well hold on a second hold on a
second not everything is two sides
balance this balance that let's look at
what happened yesterday in Gaza
not a single Israeli soldier was injured
or killed not a single Israeli was
harmed we have all seen the footage on
the news and on the internet of snipers
shooting Palestinians hundreds of meters
away from the border friends and I'm not
going to engage in this on the one hand
this on the other hand that nonsense so
let me take the question to Assam then
is the demise of the peace process
leaving Palestinians losing hope in a
peaceful restoration of their rights
here are issues like that playing in the
Palestinian psyche right now when it
comes to hopes and aspirations to be
able to get back to their land
yes if is if I want to talk about one
major threat to the whole piece the
whole settlement in this part of the
world is settlement expansion since the
peace process was started in mid 90s or
maybe even early 90s the settlements the
settlers numbers in the Palestinian
occupied territory doubled six times a
group of six hundred percent it is
unprecedented it shows that the Israeli
well is not going towards peace with
Palestinians towards a two-state
solution rather than grabbing more land
and bringing its own population to the
occupied territory in violation of
international humanitarian law that's a
war crime and Israel should be
accountable for for that the whole thing
is about sound there's a trend which
have been going on there oh boy are we
seeing sort of measures or trends which
basically make it difficult for
Palestinians to restore their land
rights yes it's becoming more and more
difficult that Israeli like what
declared in yeah the Israeli Bureau of
Statistics declared in June 2017 that
the previous year witnessed an increase
of 70 percent of actual building in
settlements in all over the West Bank it
shows that this is the priority to
Israel the regulations and the laws that
Israel drafted or passed through this
year the last of it was the nationality
law which prevents even Palestinians in
Israel to live in almost in 920 town
townships in Israel and allowing legally
for the first time to establish at
you wish only towns and villages this is
this is a movement from de facto
apartheid to the jour apartheid it's
becoming legal it's becoming official
policy and the regulations all the
regulations in the West Bank the
regularization law that allows the
government to legalize illegal building
of settlements over on on Palestinian
private land it is unprecedented it's
it's official 15 Oakland and resources
all right let me take some of those
points then to Robbie I mean the general
tone there is that Israel has been
stepping up measures that deny
Palestinian their rights especially when
it comes to land there's three issues
I'd like to take first of all the Gaza
Strip this was not a peaceful
demonstration it was organized by Hamas
an organization which claims that the
whole of Palestine is an Arab Muslim
area and there's no room for Israel but
hang on Robbie at Ali's points Riley's
point he did point out we didn't see it
was really that's all just being shot at
no just to be fair I might also
interrupt you so go ahead now okay no
Israelis were injured because they were
lying on the ground the there the Hamas
use of violence they threw firebombs
they even use firearms and by the way I
think their own admission that these
five men it's interesting it's 2018
thank you 2017 accordingly the World
Health Organization 54 can I please find
it faster because Israel wouldn't give
them medical and so I can I make the
point you Ali let me leave probably a
chance to finish the thought and I
promise I'll come back to Ali foot
mastic Accord according to the official
Hamas declaration of the 16 people they
claimed were died five were members of
their military wing I'm
well vegan official Hamas declaration
today this was not a peaceful
demonstration it was it was instigated
by Hamas to create violence and please
are not being allowed to make my points
okay sorry can we move your second and
third point that will come to Ali for
him hang on Ally for a Miss ninety
ninety percent of the Palestinians in
the West Bank live under Palestinian
Authority there's no Israeli settlements
there there's no Israeli Lord they're
living under the Palestinian Authority
on the remaining issue of the the be
area we have to negotiate and I haven't
heard a single word from either of the
speakers that this is right okay I think
the authority there isn't a Palestinian
state and by most people's understanding
Palestinians do continue in the West
Bank to live under Israeli occupation
anyway let's go I'll get bogged down
perhaps not too much sorry all right
third point is they declare themselves
to be a state they have their own police
administration courts and even militia
they run their own affairs but we have
to negotiate a border between us and
this okay point all right all right hear
from one of the Palestinians they'll sit
with us and negotiate if you're going to
hear from one Palestine is it out stats
here from one right now Ali go ahead cuz
I know you had something that you wanted
us to hear the Israeli representative
talking about Palestine is having a
state Israel doesn't recognize a
Palestinian state it doesn't recognize
the Palestinian Authority as having ever
any sovereignty for example when Israeli
settlers murder Palestinians or destroy
their property Palestinian Authority
police aren't allowed to arrest them and
you know it's it's astonishing to hear
this representative of the settler state
calling for negotiations
what is there to negotiate how can you
negotiate with somebody who's busy
stealing your land it's it's the old
analogy I always use that if we're
negotiating not over land but over a
pizza and I start gobbling
as fast as I can what kind of
negotiations can there be Israel doesn't
want negotiations this old talking point
of oh we just want peace and we just
want the Palestinians to come and
negotiate with us is rubbish for
international media consumption what
Israel is doing is the Jewish people to
have a state okay all right Robbie I
will give you a chance in a minute
Robert but let's let Ali finish his
thought now so we can you wrap up in
twenty seconds and then we'll come back
the British representative we're hearing
from wants us to recognize an Israeli
state that has no borders where its
borders we don't know where it's for
desert won't declare them because what
it's doing it is conquering the land and
it doesn't want the people thanks why
Gaza is a ghetto for unwanted
Palestinians who have been ethnically
cleansed from their land solely because
they're not Jews that's what Zionism is
all right I got the PD you've made that
point let me give Robby a chance very
quickly and briefly Robby so we don't
get bogged down too much into this and
then I want to give us the crux of the
issue is all afflicted do they recognize
the Jews have a right of
self-determination in Palestine we
recognize the Palestinians do we're
willing to negotiate we've negotiated
borders already with Jordan with Egypt
we're willing to negotiate with the
Palestinians but it hasn't been mutual
okay all right nice well let's give it a
song let's break this up for a second
give it some a chance I can say Sam you
want it away and before I move on with
some other questions go ahead your
guests in Jerusalem mentioned that 90%
of the Brazilians are living in areas a
and B but he didn't mention that
still 61 percent of occupied territory
is area C where most of the Palestinian
resources are lifted
underground water stones everything we
don't have access to that did see the
issue here is what they negotiate about
the bottom line for us is that all the
Palestinian territory in the 667 that
was occupied in 67 is an occupied
territory it's illegal for Israel to
stay here if they are willing to
negotiate how to withdraw from this area
but they want to there is we we have we
made our historical compromise we are we
accepted the establishment of a
Palestinian state over 22 percent only
okay historic Palestine this is the
greatest compromise than any people in
the world can do but Israel doesn't
accept us okay let me let me move the
discussion on equal rights you've made
the bottom line for us either either we
have to fully equal States or one state
based on equal rights we will not accept
to live as slaves in that in this part
of the world with our water is okay
you've made that segways nice things we
won't let me that's like a few seconds
for me to perhaps read to everyone a
quote by the UN secretary-general
Antonio Guterres he made this statement
on June the 5th 2017 saying continued
settlement construction and expansion
and militant activity in Gaza risk
creating a one-state reality that is
incompatible with realizing the
legitimate national and historic
aspirations of both people Robbie if you
have a situation where increasingly
settlement construction means it's going
to be impossible to have a sort of
connected Palestinian state doesn't that
really mean you will end up in a
situation where you have one choice
either let Palestinians back from
refugee camps in places like Gaza and
lose the Jewish majority or keep them as
occupied second-class people
the solution is to negotiate with a
Palestinian state Israel recognizes the
pastor I'm not asking about the solution
of this point because I know we can have
a long discussion about the solution and
there the PLO have been at it with the
Israelis and they haven't found what I
doubt we're going to find one in this
show but my question is more about the
continued settlement expansion when it's
not do you agree with the UN
secretary-general that continued
settlement expansion is going to make it
very difficult to have anything other
than a one state the answer is a border
when there's a border there'll be quite
clear which settlements of new soil
which are not but for this we they have
to the Palestinians will have to sit
down with us and so long as Hamas
continues declare that Palestine is
completely Arab state it's very
difficult that's so Mike where will you
draw a border when you have Swiss cheese
of Palestinian networks of towns and
Canton's doesn't it become impossible
very very second that you point out a
chance to rap go ahead Robbie it very
difficult it's more difficult now than
it would have been if the Palestinians
are set with us ten years ago you'll be
even more difficult in ten years time
the answers sit with us make difficult
compromises we're willing to make
different compromises but it must be
mutual and this is the issue
it must be mutual you can't only demand
from Israel Palestinians will sit with
us we'll have an agreed border and
hopefully we can develop into a
prosperous society both the Palestinians
and the Israelis
alright Ali go ahead this is hilarious I
mean it must be mutual Israel occupies
the whole of historic Palestine as my
colleague said Palestinian said okay
we'll accept a state on 22% of historic
Palestine and the Israeli settler state
is busy gobbling up a hundred percent
and we have this man in his lovely
soothing tone saying oh it must be
mutual there's no mute RIA and mutuality
in military occupation and settler
colonialism and I mean he keeps saying
he keeps saying that Hamas this look
does he not have Ally when he says there
is there has to be a recognition of of
Israeli rights from the other side and
sometimes it's a lack of that that's
Robbie's point what
what is what is the recognition he wants
he wants Palestinian recognition for
Israel to be able to steal land and in
the West Bank he wants Palestinian
recognition for Palestinians not to be
allowed back to their homes solely
because they're not Jew is a clearly
racist claim that no Palestinian can
accept and he talks about Hamas this and
Hamas let me ask him a question let me
ask him a question see if we can get a
straight answer is it not a fact that
senior ministers in the Israeli
government including Nathalie Bennett I
yell at shaked and I could name a whole
bunch of others don't recognize the
right to a Palestinian state and in fact
say that Israel should annex most of the
West Bank yet he makes it sound as if
the intransigence is on the Palestinian
side the intro okay let's give them a
deal answer that question Alec okay go
ahead Robbie a fair question at last the
Israeli government is willing to
negotiate the Israeli Prime Minister has
been on record that he's willing to
recognize Palestinian state there are
absolutely there are those in Israel
don't and if there's no negotiations the
situation will get worse the answer is
simple as Jordan did as Egypt did sit
with us negotiate you'll find that
Israel's will need to make compromise
okay but let me jump in here recognizing
is there a slight difference the problem
between the Israelis and Palestinians of
course is a struggle for land in a
different sort of way that occurred
between the Jordanians and Egyptians and
a population that Israel doesn't want to
either recognizes citizens but once the
land I mean just to give you an example
here this is by Amnesty International in
February the 14th 2017 this is not a
Palestinian organization or an Israeli
one for that matter and they go on to
say last week the Israeli Knesset passed
a law allowing the government seizure of
private Palestinian land on which
settlements have been established now to
Ali's point when you have a process
where one party is eating the pizza
doesn't it become very difficult to talk
about restoring anything
because as time goes on that Pizza is
becoming increasingly consumed well I
don't think the issues about pizza first
of all there are 20% of the Israeli
population are Arabs and they're full
citizens as to the Siuslaw what it said
is we're already Jews are living on land
they should be paid compensation while
the kicked out it did not allow further
appropriation of a private land it did
say this is a problem it happened in
northern cycles as well when somebody is
moved in you kick him out or do you pay
compensation to the previous owner this
is an issue
other states have faced all right let me
take that point to our son because I
think we've got about a minute left and
we haven't I think we haven't heard as
much as we would like to from our son is
this a similar situation of Cyprus or
other states have have have faced I
quote the Attorney General of Israel of
a high mandal bullit who said that if
this law is challenged in court he won't
defend against arguments that it
violates the Fourth Geneva Convention he
sees it as quite a dangerous development
in Israeli legal practice yes Israel in
fact doesn't recognize the the
applicability of the Geneva Conventions
on the occupied territory doesn't accept
the applicability of international
humanitarian law and many of its
practices especially settlement and
enforceable transfer of the Palestinians
from area C and from Jerusalem all these
practices are war crimes and Israel
should be accountable for that all right
your guest is asking Palestinians to
negotiate we are negotiating in the last
27 years hasn't it hasn't the settlement
expansion unfortunately most people
would agree the Israeli Housing Minister
you have Garin declare they declared
that the Israeli Housing Minister you
have Galant declared that they have
plans in the coming 20 years to to build
a million housing units in the occupied
territory
what kind of Miss that that we can
we will accept that we will keep our
control over the Jordan Valley and over
Jerusalem and we are on the list they
can call it whatever they call it let's
leave it at there I'm sorry we are out
of time thank you very much to all of
our guests for their participation
Robbie Sabol asam our Orie and Ali
Abunimah and thank you too for watching
you can see the show again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion head over to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story can also
join the conversation on Twitter a
handle there is @h a inside story from
these Sammy's a Dan and the whole team
here for now is goodbye
you
