for a while in Gaza the sound of morning
was everywhere
the sounds of sadness and anger
Palestinians filled the streets of the
overcrowded territory for the funerals
of the 17 people shot and killed by
Israeli soldiers and snipers on Friday
Israeli army commanders say protestors
were warned about getting too close to
the barrier separating the Gaza Strip in
Israel what we've seen over the last 24
hours is anything other than a peaceful
protest what we've seen is a violent
riot in its clearest form more than a
hundred snipers were deployed to the
border for the planned demonstrations
one protester was shot in the back as he
was running away from the border with a
tire in his hand another man was shot or
praying at the protest the Israeli army
is under increasing international
pressure to explain why
in all more than 700 people were shot
the highest casualty rate in a single
day in Gaza since the Israeli war on the
strip four years ago it's been 70 years
and no one is answering us we're under
siege in the Gaza Strip life is dead in
the camps in Gaza we want to return to
our land we will not be afraid even if
we all die as martyrs we are determined
to the end to return to our land
hospitals already suffering from
shortages because of the decade-long
Israeli blockade were struggling to
treat the wounded Israel is threatening
more action and attacks on water
described as militants whom Israelis
blame for the violence but the people
who have erected these tents all along
the border include men women and
children of all ages and affiliations
United in a protest that is meant to
last for weeks a protest that has now
become a standoff all along the Israeli
barrier that encloses the Gaza Strip
with no way out for the Palestinians
inside Alex go topless
r20
