it's a new sour like no other in
Argentina
it's called slum world TV and it's made
by people living in some of the poorest
neighborhoods in Buenos Aires it's the
idea of joaquin Ramos who has been
teaching journalism courses for over 10
years to the city's most vulnerable we
show the other side of the slums the
anonymous heroes the struggles many
young people don't conceive journalism
as a way of making a living they don't
have a tool that communication is a tool
it gives them power to be able to ask to
question and to understand the reality
it's like seeing a revolution for now
the show airs once a week on Congress TV
it has guests analysis but also stories
filmed on the streets stories filmed by
people like Eli Lema his father was
murdered in the thirty-first slum eight
years ago he was tapped by drug dealers
is he not on my father was murdered here
in the slum and it was chaos for all my
family now I'm working to show what it's
like for us living here and the
struggles we have to face Israel also
helps film messages from those living
here to politicians or to anyone that
can help improve their living conditions
there's over 700,000 people living in
suburban one of Silas people's whose
lives are filled with hardship the idea
of this news hour is not only to show
the difficulties people face every day
like poverty and crime but also fight
against discrimination and Prejudice
Dalma vigil WA is 21 years old she has
been taking journalism classes for years
she says it has given her the tools to
change her life gonna get we got some
video people have to hide their address
because if their employers know they
live here they won't give them a job I
want to show there is a brotherhood
among those who live in the slums there
are kids playing here there are women on
the street in the afternoon drinking
Monday people say hello to each other
every day we are also a community a
community that is now trying to send a
message through the screens hoping to
change perceptions and break the walls
between the haves and the have-nots
terasawa
al Jazeera Buenos Aires
