Stephen Hawking's philosophy of life was
simple look up at the stars not down at
your feet and try to make sense of what
you see and wonder what makes the
universe exist and that in fact turned
out to be his purpose in life to go back
to the beginning of time and into black
holes near it a towering intellect
matched by a dogged determination gave
him the rare gift of communicating
complex theories not just presidents and
prime ministers but to everyone else
when he was 21 Stephen Hawking was given
just two and a half years to live
diagnosed with motor neuron disease he
lived on for more than 50 years he died
two and a half weeks ago in Cambridge
near the University
wayde's studied and worked for decades
thousands signed the book of condolence
in honor of the professor who inspired
generations of students to pursue
careers in science he's always been a
hero of mine and my guiding light on my
journey here to study master Cambridge a
light has gone out but at the same time
there's a real joy that he was here for
so long
contributing to science in the way he
did hawking always described himself as
an atheist but the service at the
University Church will be both inclusive
and traditional to reflect the diversity
of his remarkable life Peter sharp al
Jazeera
