lifting her prayers up to God jerilyn
fois Lea says she hopes he gets to wash
away her troubles too these are trying
times
her husband Rinaldo was accused of being
a drug peddler and was gunned down two
years ago now she's left to cope her own
with eleven children to feed that day he
said he was going to work overtime so he
could buy us a nice meal it was a
special day they killed him on my
birthday I don't know where to turn to I
blamed God I hated him but now Here I am
praying he has better plans for me 15
family members gather in a solemn
ceremony they are widows and orphans of
the so-called drug war of President
Rodrigo Duterte they come from the
poorest sector of society their faith
they say has become the refuge at a time
of great uncertainty more tragically is
the loss of consciousness of sin that
everything seems to me related
everything seems to me all right and
okay the callousness of one's conscience
the deadening of one's conscience that
when you see a poor person lying dead
you see that it's okay
rights groups reckon that at least
10,000 people have died in the two years
since President Erdogan thirty began his
so-called war on drugs and critics say
religious leaders here have been slow to
react though there are signs they are
slowly finding their voices again
the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic
Church here likened leaders of today to
the Bible's tyrannical Kings it says
politicians are devoid of humility and
even uses violence and intimidation
against the forest sector of society
people here say the suffering of Jesus
mirrors their owner it's dusk and the
priests say it was at this time when
Judas betrayed Jesus and His disciples
it is at nightfall to where people you
say they are most afraid darkness means
gunmen roamed their streets a time when
they fear their loved ones may be taken
away Jamel Allen Duggan al Jazeera
Manila
