Muhammad Nazim survived Eastern huhta
one of the fiercest offensives in
Syria's war he managed to leave after
rebels in the enclaves surrendered but
remains in fear the fifteen-year-old
moved to add Lib where the opposition
controlled province is targeted by
airstrikes ordered by the Syrian
government and its allies saluting us or
another rota
I hope they don't destroy it Lib the way
they destroyed Goethe so the regime
could not be trusted I don't know maybe
we will die here and our fate is to die
here especially since the world always
remains silent
following years of siege tens of
thousands of civilians were trapped in
the war zone for more than a month
almost 2,000 Syrians were killed in the
recent bombardment along with other
children Muhammad Nazim used social
media hoping that their voices and
pictures will move people worldwide to
act
apart from words of condemnation and
failed cease fires the international
community did little to stop the
offensive this was the last video the
teenager uploaded before leaving Eastern
hota his friend
Salim also voicing concern about their
future Salim said and we have no one to
help us I feel very sad I was forced to
leave everything behind
I left my memories many great memories I
left my father's grave in Goethe I used
to go to the cemetery to pray over his
grave I used to cry and remember how he
used to take care of us at least 350 of
the recent victims of the Eastern Jota
military campaign were children Mohammad
explains how Salim survived an airstrike
that targeted his house I woke up and
found myself in a hospital that is when
I found out my sister was martyred Salim
explained sister Rahad was nine years
old
and she always thought of her as a child
I should be living a normal life I
should eat healthy food
I should be in school playing with my
friends I should be running in the
fields swimming instead I'm trying to
hide from air strikes I live in fear
Mohammed says returning to eastern Hooda
is only a hope and living with enemies
who killed your family and friends is
impossible for now he's happy to be
alive sanika dar al Jazeera Beirut
