Johann Hari is a best-selling British
author who spent the last three years
working on a new book about what he
believes the real causes of anxiety and
depression are hari says we've been
looking at depression all wrong it's not
the widely prescribed antidepressants we
should be focused on but our society and
our culture a self proclaimed child of
the prozac age Hari says we need to
spend more time in nature enjoying our
work building lasting relationships
these unexpected solutions will help
solve anxiety and depression but just
how unexpected are they and how
realistic are they Johann Hari joins me
now thanks for coming on upfront
go through thee in your new book lost
connections you do a deep dive into
anxiety and depression what made you
want to even begin researching and
writing a book on this subject to begin
with yeah it was a bit before that I'd
gone to my doctor when I was a teenager
and I'd explained that had this feeling
like pain was kind of bleeding out of me
and I couldn't regulate it or control it
I felt quite ashamed of it and my doctor
told me I give you these drugs that will
boost you and I felt a tremendous amount
of relief like most people who take the
drugs at first then there's feeling of
pain started to kind of bleed back
through so I was given higher and higher
doses until I was taking the maximum
possible dose for 13 years at the end of
it I still felt terrible and I thought
well what's happening because I'm doing
everything our culture tells me to do
but the more important mystery to me is
why were there so many other people in
our culture who are so deeply to
de-stress you know one in five Americans
will take a psychiatric drug in their
lifetime there are far more people who
are really deeply anxious and depressed
- and not doing this so I ended up going
on this big journey meeting scientists
all over the world the leading experts
on what causes depression anxiety I saw
them and I learned the World Health
Organization the leading medical body in
the world their position is that the
chemical imbalance theory is way too
simplistic that actually as they put it
mental health is produced socially and
any social as well as individual
solutions if the w-h-o is saying then
you call the consensus over the chemical
imbalance deeply misleading and
unscientific isn't the consensus rather
medical impacts get the riddler
consensus so there is no consensus if
the whe are saying that then what's the
problem is it not filtered down to
grassroots levels to local doctors or
what so there's this weird possum yeah
and it's a really good question there's
this weird disconnection because nobody
denies that there are social and
psychological
as a depression and anxiety but that has
not informed most of how we respond to
these problems I'll give you an example
I noticed that lots of the people I know
who are depressed and anxious their
depression and anxiety focuses around
their work just not to look at what's
the evidence for how people feel about
their work and the figures are quite
shocking they come from Gallup the most
detailed study we have thirteen percent
of people in our culture like their work
most of the time sixty-three percent of
what they called sleep working so they
don't like it hate it 24 percent of
people hate their work I mean eighty
seven percent of people don't like the
thing they're doing most of their waking
lives if you go to work and you feel
controlled you have low or no control
you aren't much more likely to become
depressed you'll also much more likely
to have a stress-related heart say our
culture but there are many many
non-western cultures that have always
taken you know valuing other things
other than material goals focusing on
community so it's not necessarily
innovative or new for everyone around
the world who might say you're telling
us what we already know and do yeah I
think that's a fair enough point I think
as a culture Western culture which has
become the dominant culture across the
world is obviously being imposed on a
lot of a lot of the world it is
disconnected many people from their
deeper underlying psychological needs
being met this is one reason there's all
this interesting research that actually
mental health massively increases when
people move from developing countries to
developed countries right so if you're
you live in Bangladesh and you moved to
the United States your risk of mental
health problems go up absolutely
enormous Lee now part of that is the
pressure of racism and those things
which are very real but I think a big
part of that is moving from society
where deeper psychological needs are met
to societies where our psychological
needs are met and much less effectively
and you talk about interviewing a lot of
experts and doctors and say you're not
an expert or scientist or just to your
side and of course the journalists I'm
not a scientist yeah so you're not
telling me to stop taking
antidepressants qualified to say that
it's bizarre that loads of people have
acted like that's what I've said what I
said Dean Burnett who's a neuroscientist
at Cardiff University in the UK he says
you're asserting yourself as they quote
maverick expert and backing up your
arguments would suspect cherry-picking
of evidence he says because of your past
reputation you were accused I think you
admitted to plagiarizing in the past
that people shouldn't people like
yourself with that reputation shouldn't
make quote sweeping statements about
something as sensitive as mental health
would you say to him what's curious is
Dean Burnett him
wrote an article less than a year ago
making exactly the same point I make
which is that more quoting approvingly a
study which shows that more and more
than half of people who take chemical
antidepressants don't experience a
significant relief in their depression
so it would be completely right to be
critical if I was coming along with some
Maverick position that was outside the
scientific consensus what I'm trying to
do is explain the position at the World
Health Organization and the leading
scientist because you come along and it
up it's a best-selling book it's got you
know lots of interesting people
reviewing on the back but then when I'm
asking about it you're saying well I'm
not telling you anything new with the
more write a book about it it's a really
weird disconnect isn't it yeah because
on the one hand this has been known by
scientists for years and yeah I don't
know anyone who went to their doctor and
got told this stuff so I think the book
is trying to come in the middle of this
weird disconnect where actually
scientists know this stuff perfectly
well right this is not particularly
controversial and yet firstly it's not
been explained to the public but I think
more important than using on the medical
front line that's where the message is
being lost when you go to your notes
more it's just not been explained to the
wider culture so another critic of yours
carmine Perry and a psychiatrist
professor at King's College London says
contrary that to the claim that too many
people are prescribed antidepressants he
points out that only 1 in 5 people with
depression in high-income countries
receive help psychological or
pharmacological in the developing world
is even less only 1 in 27 people who
need it get help so are you looking at
this problem the wrong way around yeah I
think dr. Perry ante is absolutely right
people are gently need help with
depression and anxiety one of the people
who really helped me to understand this
is a wonderful South African
psychiatrist I got to know called dr.
Derrick summer field
so dr. something happened to be in
Cambodia when chemical antidepressants
were first introduced and the doctors
there didn't know what these drugs were
obviously so he explained to them and
they said I would don't need them we've
already got antidepressants and he said
what do you mean they told him a story
there was a farmer in their community
who worked in the rice fields who one
day stood on a landmine leftover by the
American invasion of Southeast Asia
had his leg blown off they gave him an
artificial limb he went back to work in
the fields but apparently it's super
painful to work underwater with an
artificial limb I imagine it was quite
traumatic to be in a field where you've
been blown up he starts to cry all day
doesn't want to get out of bed classic
depression and anxiety they said to
Derrick we gave him an antidepressant he
said what did you do thanks
when they went in sat with him they
listened to his problem
they understood again his pain made
sense wasn't some irrational malfunction
they figured if they bought him a cow he
could you know would get out of this
situation where he was so depressed he'd
become a dairy farmer they bought him a
cow and within a few weeks he stopped
crying all the time as they said to him
so you see doctor that cow was an
antidepressant that's what you mean
right now what those Cambodian doctors
knew intuitively is what the World
Health Organization has been trying and
all these other site has been trying to
tell us the years which is if you're
depressed if you're anxious you're not
crazy your pain is not a malfunction
it's not a pathology you're not a
machine with broken apart antidepressant
is it your view that they're over
prescribed right now because it's not
Perry enters view so I'm just wondering
is that your views sure no not
particularly I mean I think there are
people there are plenty of people like
who were like me who were taking
chemical antidepressants and they didn't
help and for those people if they want
to I recommend they cut back very slowly
there are other people who would be
helped by antidepressants who aren't
taking them this isn't an argument for
or against chemical antidepressants it's
an argument for expanding what we think
of as an antidepressant it's dealing
with the reasons why people are
depressed and anxious in the first place
you have 300 million people worldwide
living with depression or anxiety you
sound optimistic how optimistic are you
what hope is there for 300 million
people I think part of the cruelest
thing we've done is we've put the onus
for solving this problem onto depressed
and anxious people we don't do that with
other problems we don't say the problem
of car crashes have to be solved by
people who've already been mangled in a
car accident right
we have seatbelts and speed limits and
airbags and we arrest duis right in a
similar way what we need because this is
a social crisis primarily not entirely
there are real biological factors but
because this is primarily a social
crisis we need social solutions not
least because the factors that are
making some people acutely depressed and
anxious are making most people in this
culture less happy than they could be
I think you'd struggle to find a person
who could read the known causes of
depression and anxiety they write back
in the book and not identify with at
least one of them playing out in their
life now most people don't become
acutely depressed thankfully but these
changes are changes that will radically
improve people's lives and more
generally even if you don't have
depression anxiety about general
well-being and happiness exactly and you
think about what it's like to be in a
culture where people are increasingly
isolated they are alone they are broken
up they're told that money is about
spending it's sorry that life is about
spending it's about buying and
accumulating they're encouraged to spend
their lives
screaming each other through screens and
being controlled at work and then we
tell them that the pain of all that is
just a result of a chemical imbalance in
their brains are we surprised that
depression and anxiety keep rising in
those situations it doesn't have to be
this way yeah right Ari we'll have to
leave it there thanks for coming on
upfront that's our show upfront we'll be
back next week
you
