Khalifa's all supporters denounced
illegal system
minutes after sentencing by the judge
the mayor was found guilty of corruption
embezzling millions of dollars and
falsifying documents I had so much faith
in the justice system
it's being used to eliminate good people
how can we trust our government outside
court police in riot gear controlled the
angry crowd sol is a leading voice of
the opposition and arrival to his
namesake President Macky Sall Calif s al
supporters accused the ruling party of
using the courts to derail his plan bid
in next year's election since we can't
use cause we were use political means to
put pressure on the government the
opposition marched last month in Dakar
calling for a free fair and transparent
election in 2019 they chant the name of
Karim wand another leading member of the
Opposition he served time in prison for
corruption and now lives in exile this
protester accuses president Mickey
Sullivan reaching himself and his family
from public funds and putting his
opponents in jail the government
spokesman says that's nonsense and
argues the president is fighting
corruption they don't want coffee times
have changed
state coffers are no longer up for grabs
the message here is that what was
possible before no longer is and
everybody no matter who you are is
accountable to the law but Senegal's
justice system is in crisis court clerks
armed strike overpay in working
conditions
a prominent judge has just resigned from
his position a few days ago saying that
the tribunals are not serving the people
but rather the government khalifa sells
lawyers are launching an appeal against
the conviction until then he continues
to be the mayor of dakar his fraud trial
has come to symbolize a test for senegal
democracy and justice system
Nicholas Hawk al Jazeera Dakar
