I'm Sammy's Aiden on the Turkish side of
Nicosia considered by some to be the
world's last divided capital now this is
the buffer zone also known as the Green
Line this demilitarized area patrolled
by the UN is perhaps the most important
symbol of the Greek Turkish dispute
that's divided the island of Cyprus
since 1974 a couple of weeks ago I sat
down with Nikko's Anastasiadis in theory
he's recognised by the international
community is the president of Cyprus in
practice he only governs the southern
Greek side of the island now this is
what president Anastasiadis told me I
have called a the message that am ready
to meet at any given moment with mr.
Akagi in order at least to have a talk
to see who Ares understand where what we
are planning for the future where we are
going the unacceptable status growth for
both communities is going to continue
what we have to sit with decisiveness to
see how we can proceed further
okay so wider if you will unfortunately
since then I haven't received a clear
answer when okay but if Mustafa Kinji
the Turkish Cypriot leader if he calls
you today and says let's have talks
would you accept given us ladies the
interview and attend a meeting
I've come to self-declared Northern
Cyprus recognised by Turkey and guarded
by its Armed Forces I want to find out
if the Turkish Cypriot leader is ready
to make that phone call and start peace
talks Turkish Cypriot leader Mustafa
Conger talks to al-jazeera
Mostafa Kenya thank you very much for
talking to Al Jazeera on March the 13th
I spoke with the Greek Cypriot leader
nicos Anastasiades and he told me he
said I'm willing to start to resume
peace talks with Mustafa akinci if he
calls me right now in this interview I
will get out and take that call are you
willing to make that call they are
always ready for talks but they have not
ready for taking decisions that's the
problem
you need to have talks that in order to
get to making you know how many years
have elapsed since we have been talking
it was back in 1968 in Beirut that great
president thinking clearly this started
negotiation on how to solve the Cyprus
problem but is there an alternative to
talks it is 50 years yes there isn't any
alternative to Tom's of course if we
want to solve the problems we need to
talk but at some point we need to take
decisions a UN plan was presented to
both communities we voted in 65 percent
yes vote and they voted no with even
higher percentages at 70 Viper's right
and yet unfortunately they became
members to the European Union and we are
still outside the Union so now that
standing that your position is peace
talks cannot resume until the other side
takes some decisions is that your
position no what I am saying at least I
need to see some indications that the
mentality has changed we believe that
mental transformation is really
necessary I will elaborate a little bit
on this but having said that in addition
to that we definitely will
need to have the negotiation at some
point but not business as usual in other
words not to go around the issues all
the time without any results it has to
be result oriented it has to be as the
Secretary General said strategic a kind
of a an agreement and it has to be time
bound yeah what does he need to do now
to prove to you that it will be result
oriented it will be time bound that it
will be serious he has to put aside that
there is one community owning the
Republic of Cyprus and the other
community the Turkish applause we will
wait until their time comes they regard
this Republic as if it belongs to only
one community in fact this mentality
created all the problems they regarded
that this island belong to the islands
the Greek Cypriots therefore they wanted
to unite this island to Greece and of
course that three got the anti movement
that the Turkish nationalism these times
came came in and we want to share this
island from his perspective he says when
I raised that he said look we learned
from our mistakes in the past we're not
seeking to be part of Greece we've let
go of that he says the problem in the
last round of peace talks was the fact
that the Turkish Cypriot side simply
wants a veto power over all government
decisions they don't want to be normal
equal members and partners in a united
country they want to be having a veto
power which is not a federal set up you
cannot call what we want veto it is
effective participation in the
decision-making process and in fact at
the central government level he already
accepted that there will be one
favorable vote in this decision
my making what is hard to understand
having agreed to this most important
executive console that scans law
ministers he is denying this right from
the Turkish liberals at a less important
level we are talking about federal
committees and he says no we working
against exploration you're talking about
who no no that's exploration is out of
the agenda it doesn't it doesn't want to
hear about it we are talking about about
certain federal organs which are mainly
related with the EU issues and so on and
so forth we are saying that if there is
going to be equal numbers no problem but
if there is going to be majority Crick's
if not representation and less number 30
suppose they are at least to a one
single favorable world we are not asking
all the Turkish applause to vote
favorably that amounts a veto that I
understand but we are saying that at
least one Turkish applaud or a Greek
ship load in the other cases one
favorable vote from each to come you
don't think that could paralyze the
central government in turn it into a
situation where no decisions if you
don't consider the feelings of the other
side that will paralyze the state
functions if say there is a committee
six plus three and if all three is
against on a certain matter that means
that there is a criminal issue there
there there is a problem there and you
have to look into that matter but I want
to continue with the mental change thing
because I believe it is important for
the international community to realize
what kind of obstacles we are having
here in front of a prospective solution
we have formed an Education Committee in
order to give peace education to our
young younger generations
we there is a project called imagine
under the UN and so on the young people
are coming with their teachers the
buffers on the Greek Cypriot Turkish
approach they mix and they get to know
each other when it comes to exchange of
visits on both sides
we are ready our students our teachers
to go to the Greek Cypriot schools but
when it comes for the reciprocity they
say no but is that what's stopping you
from resuming talks is it that issue and
you mentioned the Joint Committee having
a joint committee to resolve gasses let
me finish please this this is important
showing the mentality because the way
they why don't they come they say that
they don't accept that we have school
they don't agree that the turkish
approach schools exist if they come they
will be recognizing our state it's
nonsense
then regarding mobile phones if you go
anywhere on earth you can communicate
with cyprus but if you go to Papas you
lose all your contacts with your own and
vice-versa if they come to Karenia they
cannot contact back with their home we
have sorted out all the technicalities
there are no problems at all so at the
very last moment they introduced the
problem to us they said we have a legal
barrier we cannot communicate with your
operators again another nonsense
electricity interconnections it will
give relief to the system we will be
able to add more renewable energy like
solar energy if there is a power cut
theory we will not even notice it
because the system will feed it
automatically it is a system which will
benefit the whole island they say no
after the solutions last example we have
fire assume that there is a fire the
say if it is on your site we are ready
to send our vehicles but our emblems
over the government everything will
remain on the vehicles but if you send
us to distinguish the fire on our site
you will remove however you will really
remove everything you know this kind of
a mentality is rejecting the very
existence of the other a bit a community
beat whatever and if you don't try to
transform this negative attitude then
you are not ready to share that's the
problem right so you feel ready to share
power
this shows a lack of recognition for
your existence that's the way you feel
how would you say that mr. kaanji to
those who would say however justified or
unjustified those feelings are those
issues should be sorted out after talks
that's what you talk about in order to
have a joint future where you do share
like know you know why I say no because
those issues that I have enumerated to
mobile interoperability electricity
interconnections Education Committee and
visits and so on join a gas exploration
as well no I will come to that in a
minute all these and you can add more
and more we are agreed together and we
are mutually acceptable by both sides on
the 28th of May 2015
as confidence-building measures it's a
critic right and it's not implemented
that's what I am saying that if we
cannot show to our respective people our
respective communities that we can build
confidence through this kind of simple
measures how are we going to deal with
the bigger issues so regarding the
natural gas I get love that so just to
make it way your position is that these
confidence-building measures must be
implemented before peace talks can
resume is that you
at least too short to give me a tool to
show to my people that something is
moving in the right direction right
until you meet some hope that there is a
kind of a mental shift the meta
transformation okay that I'm not saying
that this is all I can add more but
since we have a time constraint I am
aware of that I just wanted to give you
some examples of how I see it
regarding power sharing and a
recognition of the existence of the
other side I am NOT saying that this is
going to be an official recognition of
our state no but it is fulfilling our
obligations you you promise that you are
going to do this and you are denying
regarding the exploration of the natural
gas before we adopt these
confidence-building measures that I have
just mentioned to you before even
starting the official negotiations which
was on 15th of May 2015 four days prior
to that on the 11th when we first met at
little Palace Hotel
it's a tatata meeting we developed a
mutual understanding I am NOT saying
that it is a written agreement but
mutual understanding that how to
approach the exploration of natural gas
exactly because because he withdrew from
the negotiations with my well when he
was conducting the bit my predecessor
due to the fact that purpose they came
in to make surveys on behalf of the
Turkish Cypriots Barbara sheep in those
days and he withdrew when we started to
our tatata discussion I said to him what
is your plans for the future are you
going to continue this exploration
drilling and run if you do you know that
there will be reciprocity to that and
the
or there will be troubles again he told
me look here for the foreseeable future
I don't have any plans the prices are
going down natural gas prices are going
down and I am the one who dismantled the
platform and send it away he told me
that's how we started so you feel you
were misled and let down by he did he
doesn't keep his promise I mean when it
comes to the confident they would say
the same thing so you say the Turkish
Cypriots made unreasonable demands and
they want to hold back development in
the country and that's even the EU
position I'm sure you aware or March the
24th a European Union released what it
described statement describing even
Turkish actions in the eastern
Mediterranean as illegal and called upon
Ankara to respect Cypriot sovereignty
and right to develop an explorer now
look here if if we are going to develop
mutual understanding and we want to pave
the way for a reasonable solution we
have we have to take into consideration
how we can manage this energy issue in
such a way which instead of triggering
tensions it will develop cooperation not
only among the Turkish and Greek
Cypriots but also among the all the
country area including Turkey and Greece
here I come to my vision regarding this
eastern Mediterranean let me in a very
brief manner explain to this natural gas
issue can be beneficial for everybody I
hope that there will be more deposits
around Cyprus right the best way
cheapest way easiest way shortest way to
send this is why a turkey it's accepted
by everybody that that's the most
logical route
why authority to channel it to European
Union which will create the conditions
to have less dependence on Russia and us
meaning beneficial for European Union as
well right and I am saying and I am not
stopping here I am adding another
important infrastructure element that is
water we are bringing in potable water
from Turkey seventy five five million
cubic meters per annum for now but under
the sea level 250 meters under the sea
level that suspended kind of a system we
we have been pouring this water from
Turkey to North Cyprus at some point
Greek Cypriots also imported water from
Greece by tankers before this we try to
bring in with balloons
you know therefore so the current
situation is not in anyone's interest is
the point that you're making and I
should be a more inclusive way to
approach exactly this does not stop you
only on the natural does issue you you
can add water and electricity which can
connect let me do this for Europe you
said you want natural resources to be a
factor that brings people together
rather than divides be exactly how do
you respond to those who would say then
they allowing the Turkish drillship deep
sea Metro to to explore for oil and gas
off the coast of Northern Cyprus is an
example of you doing exactly the same
thing that you're complaining about the
South doing which is unilateral
exploration ok let us don't do it
altogether you're willing to stop it if
the other side is winning so I well you
tell me any other if there is any other
option I mean if you say that I am NOT
doing it then you will not see
reaction in in the same terminal that
means that you will allow the
possibilities to continue for searching
a peaceful ways and means but if you
insist that it is part of your
sovereignty and you cannot accept the
others to interfere and when the time
comes you will give the fair share in
codes through the turkish cypriot
prospect Eden by our Lord's practive
partners of you that means that you
don't leave any other option for the
Turkish Cypriot side to ask the
assistance of Turkey to do the same I am
NOT saying saying that I am for as they
call it the gunboat diplomacy and so on
and so forth to stop trading and so on I
don't know what happens though but I am
saying what I think and what I believe
is the correct approach I believe we
will ask Turkish assistants to bring in
the nearly a boat or higher I don't know
what is the status of that ship the deep
sea matrix is very furbished
true to how come you've given them that
admission and you've made that request
for them to come and bring it into it so
we have already done that you know that
there are assigned proach for each forum
yeah do you still believe that is hope
for a peace deal then because it sounds
like the two sides I've spoken to you
and I've had the pleasure of speaking to
president Anastasiades as well now and
I'm just wondering do you still believe
there is hope for a peace deal on this
island at least anytime soon it's it's
getting more and more difficult and more
and more complex
there is a nice word you know hope dies
last but a
you have to work hard and don't leave it
to last you have to work to keep it
alive otherwise just letting time pass
well things things seem to be heating up
in the eastern Mediterranean Greece's
defense minister says for example his
country it's close to what he calls a
fatal accident with Turkey how worried
are you about the possibility of
accidental confrontation it seems like a
lot of countries now have their navies
we know the US has the ehre
Jima Russia has a nuclear-powered
submarine the Israelis were conducting
war games not long ago the Americans are
watching the Russians it's crowded out
there isn't it are you worried it is
crowded because it is an important area
that makes him worry though that there
could be accidental confrontation or is
that an exaggeration it could be I
cannot show you that everything is fine
and everything will be under control
sometimes certain things can happen
unwillingly and accidentally therefore
the the best thing not to do this and to
keep away certain accidents is to
establish a meaningful dialogue that is
why I am saying that the Greek ship
broadside needs to change this is
another example to change mentality and
to establish a dialogue with their
partners at this future partner all
partners and future partners because we
were together in the Republic of Cyprus
that didn't belong to them alone
it was a partnership and this place was
the place the residence of the first
vice president of the 1960 joint
Republic late of toradol to trick but
the Greek Cypriots simply says we will
have the offices we ran away no they
wanted to turn this Republic into a
Greek Cypriot and Greek
Republic that's why all the trouble
started but anyway for the natural gas I
see a big opportunity there if treated
properly handled properly
without any fear of accidents and the
others we can get mutual benefit out of
it and not only us if not handled
properly you may expect accidents and
anything do you believe the Greek
Cypriot side has asked the US Navy to
protect Exxon Mobil ships is that
something you believes been a lot of
talk about it in the Cypriot press what
I know on that is what actually
everybody knows because it was published
so that you believe that that's what I
know
do you believe I need to have some other
evidence in order not to believe mr.
Mustafa akinci thank you so much for
talking to all these years thank you
you
