the Chinese President Xi Jinping
officially opened the mega bridge it's
55 kilometres long has four tunnels and
two man-made islands and it now holds
the title as the world's longest cross
he breach why Shambo I declared the Hong
Kong zhuhai Macau bridge officially open
it's taken almost a decade to build and
cost around fifteen billion dollars but
the bridge is central to China's master
plan to integrate the Pearl River Delta
region and drive economic growth Hong
Kong Macau and Zhuhai will now link up
to a dozen cities on the mainland the
journey once took four hours the commute
will now take around 30 minutes you
currently need to use vessels to
transport cargo to Macau when the bridge
is opened the freight land transport can
reach Macau in a much shorter period of
time and I believe cargo owners will
prefer our service the bridge will be
run by three administration's Hong Kong
Macau and China the traffic will go by
China's rules
cars will drive on the right and tolls
will be placed in Chinese currency and
while some private vehicles will be
given permits the main mode of transport
will be tourists buses and trucks easing
the flow of cargo from the mainland but
not everyone supports the new bridge it
was over budget behind schedule and up
to ten workers died during construction
critics also say it's another attempt by
China to tighten its grip on Hong Kong
and undermine its autonomy it's not just
for visual impact it's almost like some
political weapon to remind Hong Kongers
that this is now a permanent fixture and
be reminded that you are physically
connected to the motherland and that's
that
the public will get a chance to test the
bridge when roads open tomorrow Sarah
Clark al Jazeera Hong Kong
