this meeting was hastily convened on an
official UN holiday it was called for by
the Arab member of the Security Council
Kuwait because its ambassador told me of
the scale of the bloodshed this is a
violation of the international human
terian law as occupying power also they
are violating their obligations in
accordance to Geneva Convention what
should the council do now we will ask
the council to take action originally
this was supposed to be a closed meeting
behind the scenes the US was blocking a
council statement condemning Israel and
so Kuwait threatened to call an open
meeting the u.s. being represented by a
mid-level diplomat rather than its
ambassador nikki Haley didn't back down
we urged those involved to take steps to
lower tensions and reduce the risk of
new clashes bad actors who use protests
as a cover to incite violence endanger
innocent lives the Palestinian
ambassador was very clear about his
government's view of what happened on
the Gaza border those who brought the
violence and the killing are the Israeli
enforces our people in the Gaza Strip
raising not a banner of faction but the
Palestinian flag demonstrated peacefully
peacefully peacefully and they were
attacked by the Israeli Armed Forces
it's a massacre by them
the UN secretary-general Antonio
Guterres has issued a statement calling
for a transparent and independent
investigation into what happened on the
Gaza border the UN Security Council
however can't even agree a statement
with the u.s. as it's done so many times
before taking one side that of Israel
James BAE's al-jazeera
of the United Nations
