hi I'm HIV Dean and you're in the stream
live on al-jazeera and on YouTube today
we look at a life as an undocumented
immigrant in the u.s. amid an
immigration crackdown by the Trump
administration as US President Donald
Trump sends tweets saying the country is
being quote stolen due to illegal
immigration life for 11 million
undocumented immigrants is getting
harder immigration arrests are at a
three or high and many non-criminal
undocumented immigrants are among those
being detained by immigration and
customs enforcement also known as ice
now a new campaign by Brooklyn defender
services and the American Civil
Liberties Union aims to educate people
on how to deal with ice officers take a
look it was 5:30 a.m. when ice came to
Esther's apartment stories like this
happen every day and are happening now
more than ever
ice approaches people in the street at
work in their car or even in sport it's
scary but remember we have right
for more on this campaign and the
continued pressure undocumented
immigrants face in the United States I'm
joined today by Scott heckinger
Hechinger I believe he is senior staff
attorney and director of policy at
Brooklyn defender services that's one of
the organization's leading the we have
Rights Campaign Khalil Cumberbatch is an
associate vice president of policy at
the fortune Society and organization
aimed at promoting alternatives to
incarceration
he has first-hand experience of ice
officers knocking on his door which he
outlined in a recent article on the
Marshall project in New York we have
Linda Seward she is an activist and
organizer she voiced the Arabic language
videos for the we have rights campaign
and joining us from Oakland California
is adrian rana he is co-founder of no
tipica a brand new app to alert key
contacts if a person is at imminent risk
of arrest and deportation he also leads
digital engagement for United We Dream
the largest immigrant youth LED
community in the US thank you all for
being with us so much to discuss here I
want to start those Scott by asking you
why did your organization feel the need
to launch this actual campaign you know
we have rights as a national immigration
empowerment campaign and it was in
direct response to expressed client need
at Brooklyn defender services we
represent upwards of 45 thousand people
a year and our client bases as diverse
as the country now we represent tons of
immigrants and other folks in
deportation proceedings in criminal
proceedings family law housing law and
they came to us in the wake of this 30
percent increase in arrests under the
trump administration and came to us and
told us about their concerns their fear
what's happening to happening to to them
they came to us and said look do we have
rights in the first place and if we do
what are we supposed to do and I know
that that's a question that many people
wonder about and I can imagine clear
that it also applied to you and I kind
of want to know what do you wish you
knew now or knew back
and I should say that you know now yeah
so one of the major things I wish that I
knew back then that I know now is just
the main fact that I didn't have to open
the door for someone who has had
involvement in the criminal justice
system seeing the police at your door
automatically warrants a level of
anxiety for obvious reasons and but here
I was as someone who was a quote-unquote
law-abiding citizen someone who didn't
have anything to hide and so when the
police showed up at my door saying that
they were there to conduct an
investigation because I didn't have
anything to hide my natural inclination
was to let them in and that's something
that I wish I knew then that I know now
and can you actually tell us what
happened between the time that they
knocked on your door sat on your couch
and then that you were getting booked in
process yes so they came around 7:00
a.m. I was in the process of getting my
daughter's ready for their day at school
my wife and I they knocked on a door and
said that they were there to ask a few
questions about an investigation that
they were actively undergoing and could
they ask me a few questions inside and
so my wife and I let them into our
residence and while we were sitting on
our couches when they told us that they
were there from Department of Homeland
Security particularly I immigration
Customs Enforcement and within an hour I
was whisked away in for on unmarked
vehicles headed downtown Manhattan - 26
Federal Plaza and within 30 minutes of
arising at after arriving at 26 Federal
Plaza I was told that I would be held
indefinitely that I did not have a
chance to to be issued any bond because
of my criminal conviction and within the
next six hours I was in Hudson County
Jail in Kearny New Jersey just so you
know that kind of story that experience
of ice actually coming to someone's door
saying not identifying themselves at the
outset as ice claiming that they're
there just to investigate or maybe to
help someone out inside these are really
common occurrences and so the in the
four films track for the most common
counters with ice what to do when ice is
at your door what to do when ice is
inside your home what to do when ice
approaches in your you and your
community when you're arrested by ice
and the characters on film are not there
based on true stories there's no Esther
but there are thousand Esther's
of course and it's not you know Linda
Sarsour your your your nodding and I see
Adrienne as well you know before we
brought in the conversation out I do
want to mention we actually have a tweet
here from rational thinker a lot of
people bringing up these questions does
ice need sufficient evidence to be able
to detain those people they suspect as
illegal immigrants do people suspect it
as illegal immigrants have the same
rights as American citizens now I want
to kind of clarify things before we go
in Adrienne I see you're shaking your
head but I want to note that we
approached ice to ask how they ensure
the rights of people they interact with
are protected the agency said this ice
is committed to ensuring that all of
those who are subject to removal from
the United States under our laws receive
the full process they're do while in
removal proceedings in ice custody
everyone in ice custody for removal
proceedings receives know your rights
presentations detainee handbooks and
access to telephones to contact
attorneys consulates and legal aid
organizations and are apprised of free
legal service providers that may be
available to assist with their cases now
beyond that being a mouthful that I just
got out there I do want to ask you
Kaleo was that true did you did they do
that so that was not true in my case but
let's just assume that that it is true
that ice actually does takes all take
all of those precautions and actually
gives people know your rights
information after you've been in custody
the fact that they give it to you after
you're in custody
is null and void right I would have
loved to have a we know your to have a
know your rights presentation at my
doorstep I would have loved to know that
you do not have to open a door here is a
warrant that we may or may not have
here's the difference between the
warrants that we may or may not have in
in that moment being able to make a well
informed decision but the reality is
that giving it to someone after you have
them in custody is actually irrelevant
and and Linda I just want to come to you
because I know that you live in one of
the largest immigrant communities you
know you're in South Brooklyn I'm
familiar with your work I know you've
come across this why is this campaign so
important and what do you make of what
we've heard so far in this conversation
for me I've done a lot of work as you
know for the past 16 years in a post-911
America in particular with Arab American
Arab immigrants Muslims Muslim Americans
and Muslim immigrants in a community
that has been
by every level of law enforcement on
including ice and this probably is the
most important project I've ever been a
part of ensuring that the communities
that I come from know they're right and
understand that they don't have to open
the door and you know this Ahmed as
Arabs as Muslims we have the sense of
hospitality that sometimes is to our
detriment and when we have officers on
you know engaging in trying to interact
with us at the door we invite them in
we're trying to offer them tea and
coffee and these are actually real life
stories I have heard and encountered
within the clients that I have served
over the past 16 years and knowing that
once a law enforcement agent whether
it's ice or NYPD or any or FBI once they
are in your home you have given them
free reign at that moment and this is
something that is very basic information
for everybody whether you are an
immigrant
whether you are undocumented or American
that those these videos that have been
put forth by Brooklyn defender services
and the ACLU in fact are helpful to all
of us they actually in my opinion could
help Americans who are being targeted by
levels of law enforcement or and if FBI
agent comes to your home you have every
right to ask for a warrant you have
every right to ask for an attorney at
that moment and our community the 30%
increased interest in fact is is is is
impacting the communities that I come
from right like hundreds of Muslims
across the country recently in Ohio we
had an upstanding citizen Palestinian
immigrant who has been here for 40 years
was a business owner was a great asset
to his community the members of Congress
went with him to his checking
appointment and he was detained and then
eventually deported back to Jordan you
know in Queens you know Pakistani cab
drivers who have children who are sick
and a chemistry teacher out in Kansas
City I mean every day we're hearing
story after story of our communities
being terrorized by ice these are not
the priority people that we should be
detaining at this moment and it's
actually has psychological warfare
amongst those who may not ever be in
contact with ice but the fact that they
leave their homes every day thinking
that there's an opportunity for them to
of course you stopped by an ice agent in
the street is sending a lot of fear in
the communities we come from and that
fear manifests itself as you know and
you know as we all know whether you have
first-hand experience or not in many
different ways Adrian I saw you were
nodding as Linda was outlining some of
those points I want to come to you but
first Kent chime
in saying the best thing to do is to
record what is happening in this way you
have documentation of what the situation
is and you can use it for your defense
now I don't know if that's good legal
advice but Adrian your reaction to what
you've heard so far I mean you know I
I'm just really upset reading and
listening to the statement from ice I'm
documented I have a lot of family
members who have had to put up with this
in the past and the truth day is that
even though we have rights we cannot
rely on the federal government at this
point to respect them and so what we
really need to do is ensure that our
communities know that not only do they
have rights
they have power within our communities
to ensure that we stop this once and for
all and the only way that we're going to
do that is by organizing each other the
truth is that when ice comes to
someone's door we know from members that
they will stand outside they will use
every tactic possible to intimidate
people into opening the door they will
stake outside and wait for our people to
go outside and the reality is that that
this is what enabled us to build
technology to ensure that people are
planning for those scenarios and that
they're building the defense mechanisms
in their communities yeah so that there
can be people outside that there can be
people ready to be mobilized to stop
this and speaking of being ready
obviously that's why you've developed
this app that we're gonna discuss in
just a minute but first I do want to
point out you know that it was under
President Obama that we did see more
people deported than any other
administration and yet you know what's
interesting is is is that there was an
executive order that a president Trump
signed that expanded Isis focus to most
immigrants even those without a criminal
record now arrests declined during the
latter years of the Obama administration
despite it being the administration
that's deported more people than any
other administration but ice was ordered
during the Obama administration to
prioritize the arrests of those with
serious criminal records but following
Trump's executive order immigration
arrests were up in 2017 by 30 percent
from the previous year you see it right
there you know just those numbers how
does that actually factor in
because a lot of people don't understand
what is happening what the shift has
been since the previous administration
on Twitter queue photo NYC saying where
are people swept by ice being held in
what conditions are they able to
communicate have any citizens been swept
by error how have things shifted things
have shifted in terms of not only the
numbers increasing by 30% but who ice is
actually targeting they're not just
folks with serious violent felonies
these are not the criminal legal aliens
that Trump tweets about these are not
just undocumented people these are
people with green cards people seeking
asylum refugees and within the
undocumented population there's a broad
range you have folks who have been here
for 26 years with three American citizen
children who've been paying taxes the
entire time they've been there but the
thing that's important for people to
know is whether you had you have a
criminal record or not whether you're
undocumented whether you have status you
have rights under the Constitution the
problem with the Trump administration's
the way he's been talking about illegal
immigration and undocumented folks is
that undocumented has come to mean
unprotected when the truth is that one
of the great things about American
Constitution going back 129 years right
with the 14th amendment at supreme court
case law is that you are protected if
you're inside the country and those the
Bill of Rights and the Constitution
applies to you as well and you know
Khalil I see you nodding and Linda go
ahead why don't you jump in here yeah to
your question about you also the
conditions or the to the question of the
person who tweeted this is a very
important conversation to have one of
the things that the American people need
to know is that these detention centers
are being operated by a private
companies and there are people that are
profiting off of the detention of
immigrants in our community similarly to
our mass incarceration and our prison
industrial complex so the fact that
people are profiting profiting off of
this actually encourages agencies and
contractors to see more of these arrests
so somebody's benefiting from this and
then the the conditions that there are
they are put in is absolutely outrageous
I remember a few years ago going to
Elizabeth New Jersey Detention Center
with a client of mine or with the wife
of a with a wife of someone who's the
team the minute I walked into the doors
it smelled like urine in there it's not
sanitary often time
people have to fight to get access to
medical care most recently under this
administration they actually now are
going are going
putting aside an executive order or some
sort of regulation or rule that where we
would not be detaining pregnant women
and apparently now we're going to be
detaining pregnant women so what I want
people to know it's not just about
immigrants and whether they have rights
they're human beings and they deserve to
be treated with dignity respect and even
in their detention they are treated less
than human by private contractors who
are running a for-profit businesses by
detaining these immigrants and I'm so
glad that you brought that up Linda
because aj+ actually went to one of
those facilities I mean for those who
don't know thousands of undocumented
immigrants are currently held in
detention some have been held behind
bars for years while they actually wait
for a court hearing so it can take a
toll as we just heard Linda outlined
both mentally and physically
and my colleague Deena Tacori learned
this firsthand last year when reporting
for aj+ take a look at this
immigrant attention can not only be
heartbreaking but also debilitating Eloy
is run by the private for-profit company
core civic formerly known as CCA the
detention center has come under fire for
spoiled food poor health care and the
highest number of detainee deaths in the
country
Rico spent over a year in Eloy and he's
still haunted by the experience in every
process the Ramada Cinco message number
10 the arrow Geist okay yeah well tell
me no way no way or not nice Takumi
per our own character when can I see ya
now cool you know he's haunted by that
experience I know that you personally
have described ice as a shadow
organization we've heard it described as
a vigilante organization by others what
do you mean by that and watching that
how do you react yeah
so one I agree with everything that
Linda said and that the gentleman
described that the conditions in the
facilities that are managed by ice are
deplorable
they are quasi jail conditions and for
people who allegedly are not charged
with any crime and therefore do not want
any punishment they are punished merely
because they exist in these facilities
merely as you said - just wait - just a
way to court date the second thing I
would add is that yes privatizing
prisons and jails is one aspect of it
but the privatization of commissary
phone calls all of that is actually
built into the system even if you're not
in a private facility because ice does
have publicly funded facilities where
they hold people while they're facing
deportation proceedings that
privatization is innately built into all
of that and then the third point is that
I referred to ice in the past as a
clandestine organization because
although they are funded publicly
there's much information that we
actually do not know about ice we do not
know the granular details that actually
will expose some of the most atrocious
acts that they've done particularly when
going into people's homes people as
Linda mentioned view their homes as
sanctities and the mere fact that you
have armed people right in your home or
it's actually a violation of that
sanctity and if you are forced on the
ground and have children zip-tied and
and and and and and have explosive
devices use that can only add to further
trauma and if I could stun one of the
reasons why a lot of this is swept under
the rug is there's actually no
recognized right to counsel and
deportation proceedings Brooklyn
defender service is one of very few
organizations that get funded to
actually provide free legal
representation only by being able to
speak with clients find out what
happened in their particular situation
in interaction with ice and find out
more about the conditions in real time
can we actually illuminate and bring
this to light and and that's maybe where
Adrienne you know the app comes in and a
lot of the questions and comments that
are coming in are on this issue
for example Mamma Paloma is saying under
45 this is under President Trump of
course the uncertainty and fear has
intensified kind of echoing what you
guys have been saying further isolating
an entire class of people strengthening
the position of criminal organizations
to control them ice on one side in the
Mafia on the other often
with reach back home now I want to ask
you agian I mean you know building on
some of these campaigns like we have
rights and advocates for undocumented
immigrants have considered maybe the
role of Technology how can it assist
those targeted by ice raids so we want
to share a little preview of what no
típica actually does it's this app that
launched just last week here's how it
works
introducing the TIF ago the first mobile
app designed to help before during and
after an immigration raid first note
Africa helps by clearly explaining your
legal rights neurotypical then prompts
you for the people you want to message
in the event you are detained
certificate also connects you with an
advocacy group united we dream and a
community for longer-term support so if
the unthinkable does happen you don't
have to panic you just have to push a
button and in real-time notification
lessly puts your plan into action
alerting your loved ones and immediately
starting your legal defense all via your
pre-planned text messages seems really
effective to me agent why did you create
this so we created no TV got because one
we knew that it was really important to
ensure that people have the tools
necessary to get their plants of defense
in action and so this includes attorneys
community members community organizers
that know the ins and outs of how to
mobilize and stop a deportation in the
past we've known that the only way to
really make that happen is to
preparation and so people need to have
tough conversations with family members
with neighbors when people work at your
school and so note if you guys a tool to
enable people to do that you know
earlier the issue was brought up about
people being sent to detention I have so
many transgender friends who get
detained and are only able to get in
communication with someone once they're
being put in detention and they cannot
be given their medication and stuff and
so our goal is that with no difficulty
can also tackle the issues right that
people that we don't hear about right of
people needing medication people that
have family members who need medication
and they're the ones that are taking
care of them right how do they ensure
that all of those things are in place
but also that there is a plan that
enables people to stop this and delay it
as much as possible and you know Adrian
as you were outlining that I mean you
know it's it's interesting because it
seems as though there are shifts that
are happening that are maybe more
discrete and Linda I'd be curious in
your experience you know almost two
decades of doing this kind of work what
have you noticed maybe between local law
enforcement and how they're involved
with ice is there anything that worries
you absolutely I mean I just witnessed
recently at the arrest of Ravi Raab beer
which is one of our colleagues and has
been a longtime organizer here in New
York City who's also undocumented when
he went into his checking appointment
there were we did a solidarity rally
outside of 26 Federal Plaza and you know
these were interfaith leaders people
from different faith communities many of
them were senior citizens and I saw
exactly what I knew was happening all
along and oftentimes our government
leaders lied to us and say well our
local law enforcement does not work
directly with ice or we are a sanctuary
City but I literally saw Department of
Homeland Security officers NYPD offices
together on the streets of New York City
we have these pictures documented City
Council members are calling for an
investigation and hearing where NYPD
the Department of Homeland Security were
actually arresting protesters who were
standing up for ravi ravi r so here we
are in new york city and we're supposed
to be a liberal and progressive city we
tell everyone follow our lead were
sanctuary when in fact I would I it was
reinforced to be once again that even
here in New York City we are not a
sanctuary city and Linda obviously the
reality on the ground which is why we're
doing this show whether in New York City
or elsewhere in the country is often
different than you know we might imagine
or what have you and one of our online
community members is actually a student
in New York she is one of Scott's
clients as well she says a special
training session has given her essential
advice on what to do if she encounters a
nice officer take a listen I think that
there is feared however I feel more
prepared my family or myself encounter
any sort of situation with ice we have a
family plan such as saving money
reaching out to people and if we ever
face any sort of situation with them
more importantly I know that I had
rights despite being undocumented and it
has empowered me in many ways especially
when I do not fear arrest this guy what
do you make of that
well how critical knowing your rights is
so critical and actually this client was
extremely helpful in us creating this
project she along with lots of other
clients of ours from a wide variety of
backgrounds and immigration statuses
came and did a focus group to figure out
what language would be most accessible
understandable and actually speak to us
about even what the characters would
look like so they could actually relate
to them you know these stories we're
hearing about more and more but what she
did say that is encouraging is that well
it's not encouraging it's unfortunate
that we even have to be having this
conversation but she's at least taking
affirmative action in proactive action
with her families to be prepared right
now being prepared is unfortunately
where we're at that's that's what's
critical and that knowledge you know
where she said just not having that fear
of arrest and and how that's you know
freedom and of itself or at least
freedom from that fear it's quite
powerful thank you all for joining us
that's all from us here on the stream
day but this conversation will
definitely continue be sure to be part
of that keep the conversation going on
Twitter YouTube and aljazeera.com /this
stream thanks for being with us
you
