from its support for Bashar al-assad to
a nuclear deal that's on the brink of
failure Iran is at the center of a whole
host of Middle East and global
controversies in this upfront special at
the United Nations I'll challenge iran's
Foreign Minister Javad Zarif on his
country's policy in Syria and its
approach to Donald Trump
foreign minister thanks for joining me
on upfront good to be with you last week
US President Donald Trump tweeted that
he had no plans to meet Iranian
president Hassan rouhani at the UN but
he would quote someday in the future
I'm sure he's an absolutely lovely man
but you actually don't want your
president to meet with Trump do you why
not well we're not actually that eager
to meet with him because the United
States is not a reliable negotiating
partner they were always saying that we
want to treaty with Iran
now they just withdrew from the only
treaty that we have with the United
States because in the International
Court of Justice ruled against them that
tells you that whatever you negotiate
with this president and with this
administration they're not going to be
bound by it and that is why we're not
that eager to set aside a fully
negotiated document which took us almost
12 years two years of intensive
negotiations between Iran and the United
States and we negotiated every word of a
hundred and fifty page document not
between two countries but between seven
countries plus the European Union and
then it became a resolution of the
Security Council and President Trump
just decided to get rid of it and then
he said we need because it didn't have
the approval of the US Senate I can get
rid of it he was wrong because it's a
Security Council resolution but he just
got rid of a treaty that had the
approval of the US Senate just because
the ICJ ruled against his sanctions so
on that basis then are you saying that
President rouhani will never meet with
Donald Trump are you ruling it out for
the next two years in politics never say
never but I believe that there is need
for a serious change in the
administration that is in my view dialog
does not require mutual trust
that's a too high
a threshold for for dialogue to take
place usually dialogue is not based on
mutual trust
but dialogue requires mutual respect and
mutual respect starts with each side
respecting themselves and their own
signature and as long as we do not see
that in the United States in the current
administration of the United States then
it makes dialogue not necessary and not
conducive to any positive outcome and I
understand that point and it's fair to
say that Trump is not someone who can be
necessarily trusted he's not a
consistent politician clear he's not
reliable and maybe he just wants a
photo-op
I get why you're hesitant but the
reality is that the tension on the
Korean Peninsula for example has gone
down since Kim jong-un had that meeting
with Donald Trump earlier this year
Trump now says they've even fallen in
love why wouldn't President rouhani want
trump to fall in love with him if only
to reduce tensions between a Savitri's
basically international relations is not
about love affair international
relations is about reliability is but
maintaining your promises everything in
international relations is based on one
principle and that is in Latin pacta
sunt sir Wanda you observed what you
promised so it's it's that which is
required unlike the situation in Korea
we have a document we have a document
150 but he can't but imagine if Ronnie
were to meet with him and win him over
in the way that Kim won him over you
could get him back into that yah-yah-yah
but he can he can he can leave that
document again as he did with the g7
communique he agreed to it and once he
was airborne he had some faces we never
do any deal with Trump well it's very
difficult you can always do deals if the
other side shows that it is reliable
President Trump it's not it's not that
difficult the nuclear deal let me tell
you and let me tell President Trump the
nuclear deal is the best the United
States can get and it's the best Iran
can get and it's the best international
community he can get it doesn't mean
that it has everything that now either
one of us wants that's what it means
well I see your message is the president
Trump I wonder if it's
also for your colleagues and friends and
voters back home because you spent years
negotiating with John Kerry in your
European counterparts and yet the
supreme leader of your country Ayatollah
Khamenei was never a fan of nuclear
diplomacy he said earlier this year
quote with the issue of the nuclear
negotiations I made a mistake in
permitting our foreign minister to speak
with them
it was a loss for us do you agree with
your supreme leader that was a mistake
for you to talk to joy what he said was
it was it was a mistake to talk to the
Americans not a mistake and and then his
office clarified it that the nuclear
deal was not a mistake
talking to the Americans was a mistake
so do you believe that it was a mistake
for you to talk III believe the
Americans showed particularly this
administration that they are not
reliable that you cannot trust their
word you cannot rely upon their
signature you cannot even rely upon
their treaty obligations so it's it
makes it a very difficult proposition to
engage with but was it a mistake I sort
of come and I says it was a mistake but
he believes it was a mistake
well I believe that the Americans have
not fulfilled their promises was it a
mistake for you to have sat down with
the Americans well I say the Americans
did not fulfill their promises you say
that Trump is the problem and Trump
clearly is a problem he's the one who
has violated the deal he's undermined it
but what if what he's done of course has
been welcomed by a lot of influential
Iranians including some of your top
generals listen to General Mohamed
Jaffrey head of the Revolutionary Guards
the IRGC we welcome Trump's decision on
pulling out of the deal he called it a
good omen
General Abdul Rahim Moussaoui head of
the Iranian army has said thank God that
America left the deal it because that
deal legitimized sitting at the table
with America at least top generals of
yours wrong I believe they are stating
the frustration of the ER which is a
general frustration of the Iranian
people that the United States is not a
reliable partner they will believe that
their belief and their view has been now
accept it but they were never family
let's just be honest there were people
in Iran who didn't like the fact that
you were negotiating you know that of
course there were people in Iran and now
they feel vindicated they feed me
indicated and they say it's a good omen
do you think it's a good omen
well I don't agree with them and it's
because they didn't agree with me but I
was negotiating you think it's a bad
omen that the US I think it's not good
for the international community that one
country as powerful as the United States
would decide to leave international
agreements and it's not just a jcpoa you
know that they left
UNESCO they left the climate change
agreement they left NAFTA they lay they
left it transferred trans-pacific part
of all of them is the question we know
the US are now leaving all these
treaties we're not you know nobody's
defending the US here is Iran now going
to stay in the nuclear certainly not
follow the United States because they're
a bad example okay are you planning on
the deal indefinitely but Iran has given
the Europeans some time because they
asked us for some time to try to
compensate for us departure from the
nuclear-nuclear repulsions as you've
seen then they have elaborated on
practical solutions now we need to see
those practical solutions implemented
and the next phase would be to see
whether the private sector would welcome
those practical solutions and would
engage in those practical solutions
these we will examine these very
carefully and we'll decide based on the
outcome staying in the deal for now we
believe it's a good deal okay we believe
it's a deal that is in the interest of
the international community in our
interest we are in no hurry but we will
not accept to be the only party that is
complying with the deal let's turn to
Syria foreign minister Iran despite its
economic problems at home has spent
billions of dollars every year since
2011 propping up Bashar al Assad in
Syria arming him sending in Special
Forces militia
Hizbollah to fight for him do you
believe that he has with your help now
won the war in Syria and can go back to
being president of Syria for life first
of all we were in Syria for a very
specific purpose and that was to fight
extremism we were for the same purpose
in Iraqi Kurdistan we went there when
Isis was about to take over Erbil we
went there and helped mr. Barzani we
went to Baghdad and helped the Iraqi
government win over - when they were
coming in and taking over Iraqi
territory we have had a consistent
policy of standing against extremism and
extremist terror which is an existential
threat for everybody in the region we
have said you quoted the leader on
another occasion you need to quote him
on this that had we not faced the Isis
in Syria and Iraq we would have had to
face it in Iran
although you're supported Assad way
before I know we can't pretend Iranian
support for Assad began but Isis no no
we don't pretend we have really good
relations with that but the reason I
mean countries have good relations
Turkey and Saudi Arabia had even better
relations with with Bashar al-assad from
2003 to 2011 so it's not the question of
who supported who it's the question of
who came to fight extremism
now that the now that the fight against
extremism is in its final stages it
doesn't mean that the extremism has gone
now we need to do a number of things
first we need to do it with the issue at
hand and that is Italy we have done our
best I went to Ankara I went to Damascus
I we had a summit in Tehran all within
the space of less than a week and then
the summit in Sochi between Turkey and
Russia to avoid bloodshed in Italy now
we have achieved that we have a plan to
have a political political but a
non-military solution in Italy we are
faced with a major problem and that is
foreign fighters what to do with a large
number of foreign fighters who are
inactive
these are fighters that were brought
into Syria
bye-bye outside no one's denying the
presence of foreign fighters all the
crimes that they have committed we've
covered it on this show but the problem
is they're not the ones that are the
only ones dying in Syria when you look
at the sheer suffering in Syria hundreds
of thousands dead millions displaced
from their homes widespread torture in
government prisons that have been
photographed airstrikes barrel bombs
attacks on bakery schools hospitals
bread lines isn't Iran complicit in all
the suffering doesn't matter what you
say your goal no motive was no that's
what's happening on the because five
years ago when I assumed office as
foreign minister I presented a
four-point plan immediate ceasefire
inclusive government political
negotiations for constitutional reform
and elections based on a new
constitution those who insisted that
they wanted a military solution we said
from the very beginning I said in the
ISSG meetings that there won't be a
military solution to Syria that we need
a political solution and we've been
saying that for the past five years
those who have insisted on the illusion
that they could win back Syria that they
could push Bashar al Assad from office
and they have sacrificed all these
people of Syria in soccer for sure they
haven't I prefer they have they have
cause they say when the Syrian Air Force
drops a bomb on a bakery that's the
fault of the people in the bakery no no
that's the fault of the people who
prevented the political settlements not
the fault of Bashar al Assad for sending
a claims to Bombay the sniffles of the
people who prevented political solution
because of an illusion that they saw the
Syrian government been responsible that
they could remove Bashar al Assad from I
get that argument I understand okay I'm
asking about the responsibility from war
crimes I'm talking about Iranian yeah
responsibility you some other government
I'm giving money I'm not here to defend
anybody I'm here to defend Iran yes
you're not asking about it wanted a
political settlement they refused they
wanted their mercenaries
these foreign fighters today we don't
know what foreign fighters into Syria
also from Afghanistan you see from a
pocket folder you know that hold on the
insert government in Syria and last time
I checked that government has a seat in
the United Nations those who try to
overthrow that government through the
use of dice through the you
of Isis through the use of nostra are
the ones who have created this
justifiable crime by the sovereign
government United Nations says no crime
nothing justifies war crimes and Iran
has had its own history of fighting a
war against Iraq where war crimes were
committed against us their chemical
weapons were used against us and all of
these champions of international
humanitarian law state silent kept their
mouth shut completely agree okay we
insisted from the very beginning that
people need to investigate who use
chemical weapons yeah we said from the
very beginning that the rebels had
chemical weapons and but they were in
investigation there was no English
because on the United Nations in the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical instead of a joint
investigative mechanism unanimously
supported by the Security Council they
concluded the Syrian Arab Republic is
responsible for the reasons of sarin at
hand share who and on 4th April nc-17
aren't the Russians then shut them down
as they said hold on we asked this
investigative team to go to Han Jae hoon
and to go to Charlotte to check whether
these chemical weapons how these
chemical weapons were used will be used
to this in the iran-iraq war Iraq used
chemical weapons we asked the United
Nations Iraq objected they went to the
war front they check they verified these
teams never went there they accepted the
arguments of the white helmets we set
from the very beginning that teams need
to go on the site to investigate the
best prevented that from taking place
because the West did not want to show
because they will say the Assad
government prevented no-nos Takeshi
Assad government invited them to go to
sharira as but as an Iranian as you say
who clearly are very passionate about
some of your country was subjected to
sarin and chemical weapons and you're
now allied with the government at the
OPCW Human Rights Watch Amnesty even
hands Blix
not exactly a u.s. Lackey has said it
was probably the Syrian government air
force that carried this out when all of
these organizations are saying Assad is
using chemical we have said from the
very beginning that we object and reject
the use of chemical weapons no matter
who uses them and no matter who's the
victim
that is our
categorical statement we don't
differentiate whether it's Iran Ian's
were victims of chemical weapons or
Syrians who are victims of chemical
weapons we condemn it categorically we
make that point very clear to president
let me finish we've said that chemical
weapons are unacceptable to us and that
remains our position our problem is the
use of chemical weapons were alleged at
a time that was conducive for Americans
to use it as a pretext for an attack
this is a problem we need the full
investigation the OPCW under pressure
from the United States and from the West
refused to conduct a full investigation
reality to any investigation that finds
us at guilty and have been several you
will always dispute know he's your ally
now he's using your local weapons no no
you Iran of all countries shouldn't be
supporting someone using of course we
wouldn't have had there been an
investigation proving because we were
ensuring that we know that show a rod
was not used the you know the the base
that was hit by the Americans on the
claim that is this was the base that
chemical weapons were launched from we
know that it wasn't learnt from show era
and that is why we know that this
allegation by the United States was
false and we know that chemical weapons
are being used we know who is using them
and we believe that this is a dirty game
that is being played in order to allow a
creditor aggression by the United States
so it's easy to go to the judge alone
and come back a winner but it's good to
go to the judge together and see which
arguments we have and the United says
each time it goes to a judge it comes
back a loser and then it withdraws from
the court you're not going to agree on
chemical weapons what about the bombs of
bakeries schools hospitals documented by
reporters on the ground
eyewitnesses human rights groups amnesty
human rights as the UN Commission of
Inquiry says the Syrian government is
responsible for war crimes you know are
getting civilian area Iran has not
participated in any activity in any
populated area and we will never do so
in the future we condemn any attack
against civilians do you condemn the
Syrian government weak attacking bakery
school
we send them any attack against videos
no by the Syrian government no matter
who does it but I'm asking no man I'm
asking about zero matter who does it
okay but I must give up the Syrian
governor Matt - who does so you won't
condemn the Syrian go I condemn anybody
using chemical weapons
I don't know Skiles and I'd like
instance but I'll condemn any okay any
government but I at the same time
condemn groups who use civilian says yes
and the UAE and the UN is condemning
rebels as well they condemn the Syrian
government and rebels as she okay let me
ask you this question you said very
clearly earlier that last time you
checked at the UN the Syrian government
of the government of Syria they invited
you in you're there with the Syrian
approval as either as other Russians so
does that mean you support the Saudi
attacks in Yemen because they've been
invited in by the government of Yemen
and the president of Yemen on that logic
and that basis hold on the government
we're not bombing anybody in in Yemen
we're not killing innocent human beings
when you're supplying militia to have
killed innocent human beings well to
Saudi Arabia is bombing Yemen on a daily
basis killing people in Yemen and
refusing any opportunity to engage in
peace talks we have offered a peace plan
for Syria we offered a peace plan in
Yemen but but the Saudis rejected the
peace-offering serie of four years ago
they rejected the peace-offering Yemen
three years ago hoping to be able to
have a military victory in three weeks
and they continued to bomb innocent
people in iam and and and and and no
one's defending that and what's
interesting is you're reminding me that
I came to New York couple years ago and
interviewed the Saudi ambassador to the
United Nations and I said why are you in
Yemen why are you there bombing all
these people and he said we're invited
by the government
we're fighting terrorism and all of the
reports of civilian casualties are
disputed and when I hear you talking
about Syria I feel it's the same
argument no it's the Iranians are using
the same materials our DS are using in
Yemen that's what it sounds like is it
the same argument I mean people many
people say same things but is it the
same argument sounds very similar does
it yes does it that is is is Saudi
Arabia fighting are they are they
killing civilians
how'd they fight is the Syrian
government violence of an are they
fighting terrorists in Yemen they say
they are there they are but so that's
that no no no no Isis and nusra and
al-qaeda are internationally recognized
terrorist groups who which
internationally recognized terrorist
group the Saudis are fighting in Yemen
this is again a dangerous argument view
because you support Hamas Hezbollah
which they're not which EU and if you in
the u.s. calls terrorists knows everyone
calls her enemy terrorists this is the
problem there are organizations that are
recognized as terrorists by the United
Nations Security Council and the last I
checked there are four organizations
that are all supported by Saudi Arabia
Taliban al Qaeda nusra and - so let's
talk about that on other groups there is
no consensus Saudi Arabia is supporting
them
we are fighting them okay so let's let's
settle on that and let's not just try to
confuse things they say you're
supporting Houthis were fired rockets
into Saudi Arabian and the and UN groups
of pointed out human rights massive
human rights abuses by Houthis and the
UN you see first of all Houthis have
enough rockets of their own to fire into
Saudi Arabia they don't need us anybody
who's bombed out of existence would find
a way to defend themselves Houthis
defended themselves Yemenis defended
themselves long before anybody was in
Iran to help them they've been there for
a thousand years they have fought
aggressions they have defeated
aggressions they will defeat this
aggression this war should not have
started we told the Saudis that they did
not want need to start this war there
was a political settlement that could
have been reached
they wanted a military victory they
needed a military victory for domestic
reasons for very childish domestic
reasons and they continued that they
could have stopped this world three and
a half years ago so they failed to do
something that was the in their own
interest because they were hoping you
remember in Syria seven years ago they
said we will have
we will pray in in Damascus by the end
of Ramadan it's been seven Ramadan since
then they said we will have a victory in
Yemen in three weeks with bin we are
into the fourth year okay we're almost
out of time I do have to ask about the
domestic front you have you're seen as
part of the kind of reformist pragmatic
moderate part of iranian politics you've
called iran a democracy you've called it
a democratic system in the past and of
course your president rouhani has been
elected twice overwhelmingly by the
iranian people but his boss the Supreme
Leader of Iran Ayatollah command I
wasn't elected by the people has been in
office for nearly 30 years and if you
insult him you risk going to prison in
Iran how is that democratic by any
definition of that word
I questioned your premise because the
leader in Iran is also elected please
check our Constitution 29 years ago no
no no way and he can be removed any day
by a body by a body that elected him and
that body was elected by the people
every country has their own the Assembly
of Experts the Assembly of X but the
guardian council which he appoints has a
veto over that you know has a veto over
what over the Assembly of X button
picking the members but he don't
popularly elected by any definition of
the word 29-year children are popularly
elected twice as president yes and then
I disputed the Iranian president ISM and
then we we have a constitution that was
approved twice by a referendum in that
Constitution there is a constitutional
process and in that constitutional
process there is an office of the
Supreme Leader and that office is
elected and then observed by the
Assembly of Experts this is the
Constitution on mekin it's 29 years
though I mean some some people need
countries democratic countries for
longer than that but it doesn't mean
that they're not a democracy last
question for a Minister for nearly 40
years now the u.s. in Iran wants great
allies have been the best of enemies
both sides have their grievances of
course is there I'm not just talking
about Trump here but looking into the
future beyond Trump is there
any common ground' beyond nuclear issues
beyond Trump that you can see the United
States and Islamic Republic coming
together on well once the United States
abandons its obsession that it wants to
defeat Iran in the region which won't
happen because we are in the region
we're not in some ways 7,000 miles away
from from our home we are at home and
that is why our influence in the region
is there to stay and the United States
needs to recognize the realities the
United States failure has been its lack
of recognition of the realities in our
region and probably throughout the world
so once they create that I mean once
they make that necessary jump to reality
then everything can change foreign
minister thank you for joining me on
upfront good to be with you thank you
