in China Catholics have a choice pray in
a state sanctioned Church like this one
or in secret but this Easter many
worshipers will be considering a new
scenario a deal between the Vatican and
the Chinese government that may be
imminent the agreement could decide the
future of the estimated 10 million
Catholics in China who've long hope for
a normalization in Vatican China
relations God see I always hope the Pope
and the Vatican can establish diplomatic
relations with China
I'm so excited the Pope is the symbol of
Catholics if you're Catholic you would
definitely want to see him that's why
I'd be so happy if he came to China
surprising views because those
worshipers belong to the official
Catholic Church which has not recognized
the authority of the Pope since the
Vatican and China severed diplomatic
ties in 1951 but that could be about to
change according to Francisco Sisi an
Italian academic invited to interview
the Pope two years ago
he says there are even discussions about
the Vatican establishing a
representative office in Beijing and
this could happen within this year I
would say that soon I think it is a
possibility we don't know there are of
course many things up in the air but
there is love in the air as the song
would say
before that happens though another deal
is expected on the thorny issue of who
gets to appoint bishops for the first
time that would give the Vatican as say
in the selection process but some in the
underground churches that operate
without government approval are fearful
about this growing rapprochement and
they have a senior Catholic official on
their side who's accused the Pope of
betrayal Cardinal Joseph Zhen is the
former bishop of Hong Kong where
religious freedoms are still protected
many people in the universal Church may
get scandalized it may lose their faith
in the in the Pope the poor Pope has so
many critics already with this one I'm a
very sorry
such harsh criticism of the Pope even by
a retired Cardinal is rare
neither the Vatican or China's Religious
Affairs Bureau responded to our requests
for comment but a report in a
state-controlled newspaper on Thursday
citing several official sources said the
announcement could be made as soon as
Saturday a day before Easter
China represents the last frontier for
the Catholic Church it's been that way
for centuries never more so than now
Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
