with most votes already counted in
Egypt's presidential election Abdel
Fattah al-sisi appears to have won a
second term by a landslide state media
says he secured 90 percent of the vote
while Sisi described the election as a
source of pride critics described it as
a sham millions of eligible voters
stayed home over the three days of the
election rather than vote for him or his
only rival Musa Mustafa Musa leads a
party that supported Sisi he announced
he was running at the last minute after
all other potential challengers pulled
out some were arrested some were
pressured to drop out I voted to improve
the country's current situation it
doesn't matter who you support most of
my friends didn't vote seven political
parties and 150 opposition figures told
voters to stay home rather than grant
Sisi the electoral legitimacy he wanted
the national elections Authority warned
Egyptians to vote or pay a fine other
threats and incentives were used to
encourage voters but participation was
lower in this election than in the
previous to more than 1.5 million votes
were rejected after some voters
submitted blank ballots or wrote in
their own candidates that made the term
invalid votes trend on twitter the most
popular post saying the true winners of
the vote were egyptians who boycotted
the election altogether we all know that
it has no that's a constitutional or
political legitimacy in a sense that
there is not much of participation it's
not free and fair and so on but he wants
to say at least that there was
significant turnout to give him another
mandate for another four years
especially that most of his promises in
2014 were not fulfilled the security for
Egypt prosperous economic situation the
ending of the crises weather security or
political with a new mandate of sorts
and with his re-election secured his
strongest supporters are considering the
possibility of amending the Constitution
to allow Sisi to run for a third term or
perhaps even longer
Andrew Chappell al-jazeera
