the US consulate in st. Petersburg shut
down some 60 diplomats ordered to leave
the country by the middle of next week
sweeping Russian retaliation there will
be mirrored measures but not only
stopping at that the US ambassador is
invited to our ministry where my deputy
will deliver him the content of these
retaliatory measures against the United
States they include the expulsion of a
similar number of diplomats and they
include our decision to withdraw our
consent to the operation of the United
States Consulate General in st.
Petersburg as for the rest of the
countries everything that concerns the
number of people who will leave the
Russian Federation from diplomatic
missions is also mirrored at the root of
the dispute the alleged poisoning of a
former Russian double agent on British
soil with a Russian designed nerve agent
Russia vehemently denied any involvement
but in a coordinated move more than 150
Russian diplomats have been expelled
from some 27 Western nations as sanction
including 60 from the United States and
23 from the United Kingdom and the US
State Department has reacted angrily to
the Russian action insisting that Russia
does not have the right to play the
victim there is no justification for the
Russian response our actions were
motivated purely by the attack on the
United Kingdom the attack on a British
citizen and his daughter remember this
is a first time that a weapons-grade
nerve agent Novacek has been used
outside of war on on allied soil the
Russian consulate in Seattle now stands
empty but importantly the US has made
clear it reserves the right to further
response this diplomatic dispute is far
from over
Mike Hanna al Jazeera Washington
