an emotional return for Pakistan's most
recognizable figures Malala yousufzai is
back on home soil six years after been
targeted by Pakistan Taliban for her
determination to go to school many I
still cannot believe that this is true
that this is actually happening for the
last five years I've dreamed that I
could set foot in my country today I'm
very happy security was tight for her
arrival in Islamabad a government source
described the lack of fanfare as
necessary for what is a sensitive visit
Yusuf's a rose to international
prominence when she was attacked by
masked gunmen on her way home from
school
in 2012 the then 15 year old was shot in
the head
punishment for her defying the Pakistan
Taliban ban on girls education in her
home district at the Swat she was
airlifted to Britain for life-saving
treatment and has been living there
since she continued her school in the
United Kingdom getting top grades and
enrolling in Oxford University she also
continued campaigning for education and
travelled the world supporting local
advocacy groups in 2014 she won the
Nobel Peace Prize the youngest ever to
do so age 17 let us speak up let us pick
up our books and our pens they are our
most powerful weapons one child one
teacher one book and one pen can change
the world
despite her worldwide acclaim many don't
regard her as warmly back in Pakistan
where some say she portrays her country
and negative light and is seeking her
own fame there was a lot of you know
kind of a mixed opinion about Malala and
in various quarters people even
criticized her and called her an agent
of the West but that was because a lot
of people weren't aware she was news of
her return was welcomed on the streets
the capital but also highlighted the
need for further development she has
brought pride to Pakistan she's got a
Nobel award the attack on her was very
unjust but Malala is not the only girl
from Pakistan there are also other girls
the same like Malala we should take care
of our women like we're taking care of
her the timing of her visit is important
skeptics point out this is election year
in Pakistan and malala's homecoming
could be seen as good publicity Hana
hawkster al Jazeera
