the outbreak of cholera started here in
Glenview a poor suburb of the capital
Harare around half a million people will
receive an oral vaccine against cholera
in the next few days and other million
doses will be administered in other
densely populated areas of the capital
next week the government says it's made
good progress in containing the outbreak
no new deaths have been reported in more
than a week and the rate of infection
has slowed down not tenderness or we are
thankful for their effort the disease is
under control Zimbabwe's biggest cholera
outbreak was ten years ago more than
four thousand people died back then
health officials and the international
community accused the government of not
responding to the emergency fast enough
people living in Harare say lessons have
not been learned should have reacted
faster they responded late and by then
many people had died they should have
been much quicker typhoid and cholera
outbreaks occur regularly in Zimbabwe
because of dilapidated water and
sanitation facilities there are concerns
that the government's vaccination
program which is focused on the capital
is not comprehensive enough they should
also go to the rural areas to give these
doses so that this disease doesn't
affect a whole country the vaccination
program has begun just before the onset
of the rainy season which normally
increases the risk of new infections the
government says it's planning to raise
thirty five million dollars to treat the
current outbreak and to vastly improve
her Ahri's water and sanitation system
Victoria Gaytan B al-jazeera
