in Chile as in Bolivia the final round
of the world court hearing over their
territorial dispute was followed like a
qualifying match for the World Cup but
with a lot more at stake Bolivia a
landlocked country which oddly enough
has a navy says Chile is obliged to
negotiate a sovereign corridor to the
Pacific Ocean and it lost in a 19th
century war but vowing not to cede a
centimeter Chile's president had this
message for Bolivia minutes after
defense team lawyers made their closing
remarks Bolivia olivia must learn not to
confuse its aspirations with obligations
on our country's part Chile argues that
ignoring the validity of a 1904 peace
treaty would have global implications
for all modern borders what will happen
between Russia and Poland what will
happen between Poland and Germany what
will happen in the Balkans what will
happen while the Mexicans cannot request
the devolution for part of Texas is the
same argument but for Bolivia it's not
just a matter of international law but
of justice before they can read and
write children are taught to yearn for
the day when Bolivia will again have
access to the deep blue sea as these
kindergarten students are singing
although Bolivia has unlimited access to
northern Chilean ports President Evo
Morales insists his country's economic
development is being unfairly stunted
we've gone to the court to ask them to
mandate that Chile and Bolivia resolve
their pending issues through dialogue
and effective negotiations in good faith
this is the Bolivian Council of in
Santiago but both countries don't have
diplomatic relations in fact ties are
probably at their worst in recent
history Chile accuses President Evo
Morales of using their territorial
dispute to exacerbate nationalist fervor
at home in order to better his chances
for a controversial bid for a fourth
consecutive presidential term
the court will likely take months to
issue a verdict in which clearly Chile
has the most to lose you see a human al
Jazeera Santiago
