brexit such a disaster that even Boris
Johnson now admits he got it wrong or
maybe not but his impersonator and
protesters outside Downing Street
believe it can be stopped with a second
referendum on the final deal from the
negotiations between Britain and the EU
like will a student speaking for a
generation that voted overwhelmingly to
stay in the EU feel very strongly that
this is the wrong direction for their
future so perfectly entitled to mobilize
and try and persuade our parents and
grandparents many of whom like manic
voted brexit but are just not sure
anymore but this is not the right deal
and the not very directly from major but
are the older generation persuadable I
traveled from London to the English
market town of Spaulding where 70
percent voted to leave the EU the
challenge for those trying to stop
brexit is to change people's minds in
towns like Spaulding and that still
feels like an uphill struggle the man
who led Spaulding's leave campaign says
this month's agreement on the transition
covering British EU relations for almost
two years after brexit means the end is
in sight I think that is the final nail
in the coffin for the euro fell diehards
who wants a second referendum the
transition agreement is in place and I
think what we all need to do now is a
rally around the Prime Minister and the
government and work together in the
national interest to secure the best
possible deal but back in London not
much sign of rallying round another anti
brexit group sets off on a battle bus
tour round Britain supported by some big
names in British politics
I accept that whatever happens now in
terms of any effort
to stop here or to take it to a
different course from the one that
people think they're voters right so
that's very difficult but I think
millions of people believe the country's
made a terrible mistake
and that this just can't count this is
unsustainable the referendum was meant
to settle the issue of Britain and
Europe for once and for all it doesn't
yet feel it has and if diehard
remainders have learned one thing from
their anti-eu opponents it's this never
give up on a seemingly hopeless course
Barnaby Phillips al Jazeera London
