at closing bell the price of amazon
shares had dropped to by some five
percent in the course of the day that's
a loss of close to fifty billion dollars
to shareholders
this is a consequence of a report that
President Trump is and I quote obsessed
with Amazon and angry at its owner Jeff
Bezos here in conversation with
President Trump during a roundtable at
the White House the last time Amazon
suffered this scale of loss followed
this tweet in August last year Amazon is
doing great damage to taxpaying
retailers declare president Trump towns
cities and states throughout the US are
being hurt many jobs being lost perhaps
not coincidentally Bezos has also owner
off the Washington Post that has been
twinned with Amazon in disparaging
presidential tweets the report quotes an
unnamed source saying Trump has wondered
aloud if there may be any way to go off
to Amazon with antitrust or competition
law despite this being the domain of the
Federal Trade Commission and the Justice
Department the White House denies a
particular policy is being considered
against a particular organization we
have no announcements and no specific
policies or actions that were currently
pushing forward or considering taking
the president has said many times before
he's always looking to create a level
playing field for all businesses and
this is no different and he's gonna
always can look at different ways but
there aren't any specific policies on
the table at this time an assurance that
may ring hollow to shareholders who have
lost billions as the possible
consequence of a president once again
publicly thinking aloud Shahrazad Gafoor
al Jazeera
