in a little over 14 months in office
president Donald Trump has gotten rid of
his Secretary of State to national
security advisors a chief of staff
senior economic advisor and health
secretary as well as numerous White
House aides and advisors Veterans
Affairs Secretary David shulk ins
departure is the latest in a level of
turnover unprecedented in any previous
administration Shogun's resignation has
been predicted for months following
revelations in the press that he and his
wife took expensive official trips to
Europe on the taxpayers tab and used
official aides to run personal errands
his replacement is Trump's personal
doctors Navy Rear Admiral Ronnie Jackson
Jackson has no experience running an
enormous bureaucracy and the Veterans
Affairs Department is the second largest
government department topped only by the
Pentagon but he did laud Trump's
physical and mental stamina in an
exhaustive press briefing following the
president's medical check-up in January
in a statement Trump said Jackson who
serves in Iraq quote has seen firsthand
the tremendous sacrifices our veterans
make as a candidate Trump vowed to
improve veteran services in office he
has approved ideas pushed by
conservative groups to partially
privatize medical care for veterans a
move that would create a windfall for
for-profit hospitals drug companies and
insurers Jackson probably his
appointment means that what they're
gonna move in the direction that big
Republican donors had been seeking and
that's why veterans groups have been
expressing tremendous just they're very
upset
president Trump has frequently followed
a pattern of letting officials who he no
longer has confidence in dangled slowly
in the wind for weeks or months before
finally letting them go he is also
reported to feel more comfortable
surrounding himself with people who
agree with him with whom he can
personally get along and it is said with
people who look good on television rob
reynolds al jazeera washington
