families outside this Venezuelan jail
are desperate for news I don't know if
my son is dead or alive they won't give
me any time updates or information my
son has been imprisoned there for one
year I know he's been beaten there
before a riot then a fire broke out here
hours earlier in the central city of
Valencia many of them are still alive
but others are dead in there even the
ones that are alive are suffocating to
death they have to do something to get
them out because they're dying inside
they need oxygen someone please get them
out as time passed tensions mounted the
relatives clash with the police that
fired tear gas on the crowd this is the
fourth major prison riot in the last
five years leaving more than 80 people
dead before counting this last incident
Alister 3,000 inmates are held in
temporary police cells in Venezuela for
lack of space in prisons in appalling
conditions my prison gang and it's the
prison bosses who actually determine
whether people could be transferred
there or not and he can imagine with
something like 300% overcrowding in
police cell people sleeping standing up
in some cases lack of food lack of
medical attention he people are truly
human rights advocates have long
denounced the deteriorating conditions
inmates face in Venezuelan prisons last
year alone at least 37 have died in
another riot
always leaving families desperately
demanding explanations by the government
that seemed never to come alison ramp et
al Jazeera Bogota Colombia
