in just a few days alex vanderzwaan will
walk back into the federal courthouse to
be sentenced his crime
lying to investigators in special
counsel robert Muller's probe into
potential collusion between the Trump
campaign and Russia his sentencing
documents lay out for the first time the
clearest connection yet between Russia
and the campaign a detailed conversation
between former Trump campaign aide Rick
gates and someone labeled person a
investigators say person a has ties to a
Russian intelligence service and had
such ties in 2016 it goes on to say that
vanderzwaan admitted that he knew of
that connection stating that gates told
him person a was a former russian
intelligence officer with the GRU gates
has also pled guilty and is cooperating
with Muller telling him all about the
conversations that happened just months
before the election a lawyer vanderzwaan
worked with gates and former campaign
chairman Paul Manafort on a report that
was meant to legitimize the prosecution
of former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia
Tymoshenko concerned that they could
face charges over in 2016
vanderzwaan now admits he recorded phone
calls and destroyed emails when caught
by Muller he confessed
Muller says he shouldn't be shown
leniency for eventually telling the
truth and urges the court to impose a
large fine saying vanderzwaan can afford
it his father-in-law is a prominent
Russian oligarch with close ties to the
Russian president
attorneys for vanderzwaan say he should
be spared prison arguing he's been stuck
in a u.s. hotel for the last few months
without any good friends or family
they say that should be punishment
enough investigators though painted a
pretty harsh picture for the judge he'll
find out next Tuesday he could face up
to five years in prison or up to a
$250,000 fine Patti Col Haines al
Jazeera Washington
