last month South African President Jacob
Zuma was forced from office after a
decade of fraud and corruption
allegations his former associates that
billionaire Gupta brothers are fugitives
from justice amid claims that they
looted state assets now others are under
scrutiny we've been to examine the role
played by international companies in a
scandal so toxic it'll haunt South
Africa for years to come
in 2009 Jacob Zuma came to power having
sold himself to South Africa as the
people's president he'd promised to grow
the economy fight poverty and create
millions of jobs nine years later and it
hasn't ended well
last month Zuma and it's growing
corruption allegations stepped down as
South Africa's president forced out by
his own governing African National
Congress the liberation party that had
fought apartheid and one - the decision
to resign his links to an influential
billionaire business family the guptas
were revealed last year in a massive
Paradise paper style data leak the
couped leaks appeared to reveal how
these three brothers Ajay Atul and
Rajesh were friends with former
President Jacob Zuma and had business
with one of his sons set up a vast
network of patronage offering monetary
rewards in return for political loyalty
to Zuma
so how entrenched is corruption in South
Africa we asked someone who'd know a
businessman who pays bribes to win
government tenders he spoke to us on
condition we hid his identity there's an
expectation that they need to get
something in return for them giving you
a tender I just think it's systemic that
bribe is then transferred to an
intermediary then the intermediary
company either transfers it to another
company and who then transfers it to the
corrupt official or it's transferred off
show into a trust off show your name is
not in the fort or in some parts of the
country corruption is so embedded it's
now become a deadly business in
kwazulu-natal for example Zoomers home
province they've been over 200
politically motivated killings in the
last four years
because he caused a a former ANC
politician left the party last year in
protest at corruption within its ranks
she's been targeted ever since I was
receiving death threats on a daily basis
and my children were also being with
receiving death threats as well the
killing she says are mainly due to turf
wars between corrupt local ANC
politicians last year a video of two
heavily armed ANC bodyguards was shared
widely on social media
John lunge it
she knows these men well they worked for
a former ANC colleague those are his
bodyguards that culture of violence is
there and a you know if people can do a
video like that it's it goes to tell you
what kind of people are you dealing with
this is about the politics of patronage
it's all linked to tenders it's all
linked to who is controlling what state
resources the Zuma years presented
opportunities to businesses to make lots
of money fast some of those
opportunities seem to have been
irresistible even to multinational
companies who should have known better
to date the Gupta leaked scandalous
implicated law firms software companies
banks management consultants major
accountancy practices and public
relations companies more disturbing
still the spotlight has fallen on
auditors firms who statutory role is to
keep their clients honest by maintaining
independent oversight of their
businesses much of the attention has
fallen on KPMG one of the so-called big
for international audit firms it was the
Guptas personal and business Auditor for
16 years now it's embroiled in several
scandals regarding its work in South
Africa the first is over a reported
produced for the South African Revenue
Service Tommy Yanni the head of czars as
it's known unleashed this bombshell
report publicly in August 2015
it contained he claimed damning evidence
that an elite crime-fighting unit within
SARS was operating unlawfully for almost
eight months prior to this a national
newspaper The Sunday Times had been
running expose is almost weekly about a
rogue unit operating from within the
service the detailed 157 page KPMG
report took 30 people a year to produce
at a cost of 23 million rand
it appeared to validate the rogue unit
stories and implicated senior sales
officials in unlawful activities such as
spying on the National Prosecuting
Authority and misleading the public
protector and State Security Agency
about its existence one of those the
center of the allegations was Johan fund
Laurinburg he took over the unit in 2008
it was set up in 2007 to tackle
organized crime syndicates he spoke
exclusively to people in power the last
time I counted I think there was
something like 82 singular allegations
of some kind of offence ranging from
breaking into president Zoomers private
residence and planting listening devices
they're down to murdering people and
everything else in between it's it's
extremely your Mellie I think do you
have to read about yourself in the
newspaper on the front page being
associated with findings attributed to a
reputable company or what I thought
would be a reputable company like KPMG
who basically make me out to have been a
criminal
the report also implicated then Finance
Minister Pravin Gordhan
who'd previously headed SARS saying he
ought to have known of the existence of
the unit this was later used as one of
President Zoomers motivations for firing
Gordon as finance minister in March 2017
and so a whole process of about nine
months of harassment from questions from
the special police unit called Hawks the
threat of prosecutions and charges being
laid none of which of course
materialized it merely angered the
business community and the public more
generally angered em it did in a series
of public protests South Africans
rallied behind good
problem is that KPMG of Sun said the
report couldn't be relied upon following
revelations and the Gupta leaks of KPMG
South Africa's involvement with Gupta
linked businesses KPMG international
investigated in September 2017
it was drew the conclusions of its own
report KPMG also took the extraordinary
step of replacing at South African CEO
and a senior management team they've
also paid back 423 million rand they
charged SARS for the report despite
these measures many questions remain
unanswered
for example which if any of the specific
allegations contained in the report were
actually true we requested an interview
with KPMG but they declined in a written
response they restated that the report's
conclusions recommendations and legal
opinions should no longer be relied upon
but the damage the reporters caused will
be felt for years to come this is one of
South Africa's leading economists
neeraja be daeun on a narrow revenue
collection impact this year source
reported a shortfall of about fifty
billion rand you have central government
now short of real revenues that means
borrowing more that means running into
international creditworthiness problems
or if you like being downgraded we asked
interview mr. Mariani to discuss these
allegations but SARS didn't respond
since 2014
under his leadership 55 senior staff and
500 others have quit great friendships
were broken people got divorced you know
children were affected as a result of
this also the independence of the
investigation has been called into
question over a fundamental issue nobody
who is implicated or named in those
reports as being inverted commas guilty
of one thing or another
was ever asked to put their point of
view at first from Laurinburg welcomed
the KPMG investigation I envisaged a
process where by KPMG they lawyers and
myself sat down in a room behind closed
doors for once being honest and open and
frank going through the report line by
line but KPMG declined to sit down with
him and then in September 2015 a draft
of the report was leaked to the media I
received a text message from a
journalist from The Sunday Times please
can I comment you know how do you
comment on a report that you haven't
seen KPMG should have immediately acted
on that leak they should have realised
that there was something sinister at
play clearly mr. Mahina was put in place
as the head of czars to essentially
start a cleanup process which would take
up the excellent senior management that
we have put in place so he began to for
example attack a particular unit that
was tracking illicit financial flows
because they had already compiled the
file on the Guptas they had fallen on
President Zuma and his family and a
whole lot of other politically connected
actual and fake businesses and when I
looked at that report I mean I was
shocked as far as I'm concerned it's
pure hocus-pocus
it contains absolute material
misstatements it even contains as far as
I'm concerned fraudulent statements the
report from Lautenberg says contains
scant evidence but implied that he was
complicit in serious wrongdoing thus he
believes fuelled Sunday Times articles
alleging he was involved in many
misdeeds including spying on the
president running a brothel and
unlawfully operating a secret 500
million rand fund
the Sunday Times was later to retracted
stories about a rogue unit which the
press ombudsman labeled as inaccurate
misleading and unfair it also apologized
to Gordon from Lautenberg and former
Deputy SARS commissioner Ivan Pillai
after the leak from Laurinburg tried
again to get KPMG to review his counter
evidence in order to restore his
reputation at that point they suddenly
said to me that they had contracted with
the roni service not to engage with me
in a written response as to why it
refused to hear the testimony of those
implicated KPMG said no comment the
impact of KPMG's role in the Revenue
Service is a massive one our own
physical sovereignty in other words our
ability to run government finances
largely on the basis of taxes collected
within South Africa has been seriously
undermined
yet another extraordinary twist to the
saga as this film was being prepared for
broadcast from Loughran burg palais and
another former sized official was
summoned to appear in court on the 9th
of april 2018 they facing corruption and
other charges brought by the Hawks
investigative unit bizarrely these
charges are based on the contents of the
NA discredited KPMG report all three
strenuously deny the allegations and
have our South Africa's National
Prosecuting Authority to withdraw the
charges
another KPMG scandal involves South
Africa's most notorious wedding in 2013
the gupta staged four days of opulent
nuptials for their niece at sun city a
well-known casino resort attendees
included Bollywood stars cabinet
ministers and captains of industry also
invited were the Guptas auditors KPMG
afterwards kpmg's then chief executive
emailed Atul Gupta thanking him for the
event of the millennium the company has
since acknowledged it was a mistake to
have attended
but that might not have been kpmg's only
mistake as a consortium of local
investigative journalists discovered the
tab for the event of the millennium
which cost 30 million rand was actually
picked up by South African taxpayers the
scoop telling dairy farm allegedly stole
hundreds of millions of rand of
government money which was supposed to
be used to empower a hundred poor black
farmers increasingly
the Gupta and this network of extraction
needed advice as to how to structure
different operations for example they
stole clothes on 250 million from a
dairy project 30 million of it had to go
to Dubai and round trip back here to pay
for a wedding
KPMG weren't the farms auditors but they
did audit the books of link way the
company which laundered the wedding
money back into South Africa this was
billed as a business expense thereby
avoiding the stolen money from being
taxed obedient questions our KPMG the
cooked us auditors could have missed us
KPMG had to advise them how to do it in
South Africa how to do it in Dubai so
they use their international network
KPMG international advisory services in
Dubai to help them set it up in full
compliance with the Dover legislation a
junior KPMG order to flag the linkway
payments saying these costs are most
probably not in the production of the
company's income
despite this KPMG signed off on linked
ways financials
so who then audits the auditors that
question is deeply concerning to UK
politician Lord Peter Hain my Lords
there be no criminal prosecutions for
money laundering and financial
institutions and very few of other
enablers such as lawyers or accountants
a former anti-apartheid activist he's
presently campaigning for UK authorities
to act against companies who he says
were complicit in South African
corruption there been regulatory fines
but it is not clear that these are
enough to deter banks and other
financial players from making their
anti-money laundering compliance regimes
a tick boxing exercise rather than a
meaningful one but it's not just
auditors who've been caught up in South
Africa's Gupta scandals another murky
episode involves us-based management
consultancy McKinsey and work it did for
Escom South Africa's state-owned
electricity provider in January 2016
Eskom signed a lucrative consultancy
agreement with McKinsey to help it
increase revenue and streamline
operations a key condition of the deal
was that the kinsey would partner with
the local black owned company
controversially it planned to partner
with Trillian a firm which that later
turned out was linked to the politically
well-connected Gupta brothers six months
later after questions were raised about
trillions role in the deal and the
amounts McKinsey was paid Eskom
cancelled the project in that short time
McKinsey and trillion earned 1.6 billion
ran between them corruption watch South
Africa has now approached US authorities
to investigate McKinsey the NGO alleges
that the us-based consultancy used
trillion and it's cooked a connections
to secure the lucrative Escom contract
in return for a massive kickbacks
trillion of 580 million rand it needed
McKinsey to be colluding with trillion
as Conn would not have been we
to enter into a contractor many of their
senior executives advised against it but
then the political connections of
trillion of course kicked in and that's
how the contract was secured McKinsey
strongly refutes these accusations we
requested an interview with the firm to
clarify matters but it declined in
statements had told us it never had a
formal partnership with trillion and
it's denied serving gupta link companies
or making payments to secure contracts
but Bianca Goodson trillions former CEO
questions Mackenzie's version of events
the first meeting ahead of McKinsey and
particularly on the generation team that
they showed me in the gamma gram of what
they proposed the delivery team should
look like the generation team was tasked
with boosting the efficiency of several
Escom power stations
according to her McKinsey behaved as
though it didn't want or need trillion
to do any meaningful work and there were
no trillion people and I questioned that
and I was like okay well these trillions
representation and they were actually
like taken aback they were like but you
won't be doing anything disturbed at her
McKinsey and trillion were conducting
the Escom deal she resigned after just
three months later she turned
whistleblower and gave evidence about
the affair to a parliamentary inquiry
investigating corruption Goodson had
been pushing to get more trillion stuff
onto the generation team eventually by
the time that design trillion had three
people on the generation work stream the
generation work she was supposed to
produce a billion ran over three years
for just one power station the three
people working can you imagine with the
margin saw I mean every salary is fall
for some of those people it's insane she
says trillions relationship with Escom
was so strong that she was able to pin a
draft letter to McKinsey on the
instruction of a senior Escom executive
it spelled out that the supply
development partner is trillion trillion
enable McKenzie to get the work
explicitly is what Clive had told me the
relationships of ystem did not reside
with McKenzie they designed it with
Jillian
and this is why Selene would also take
the approach already if Mackenzie would
be in too difficult they could leaving
we get back because the relationships
existed with us Clive and Selene were
her bosses and Salim is Salim essa whose
ties to the Guptas are so well known
he's often referred to as the fourth
Gupta brother McKenzie say the trillion
concealed it's Gupta connection by not
revealing that Selim essa was its
majority shareholder when it found this
out it terminated its relationship with
trillion that was in March 2016 but sis
Goodson McKinsey's insistence that it
didn't know who it was dealing with is
highly implausible essa had been
interacting with McKinsey via vicar Sega
a partner at the firm it was a timing
because seemingly ignored me and I
escalated at SAC live in poverty
Scaletta to Saleem and it's amazing what
attention I would get off to that
because after Saleem would intervene
then suddenly make into it be like okay
Bianca we've heard you sorry we didn't
get you email to just in two weeks ago
now er you say God's relationship with
Esther dates back to at least 2014
emails uncovered by local journalists in
the Gupta leaks show the to
correspondent about work at another
state company and in a private
presentation to Eskom a full two months
before McKinsey pulled the plug on
trillion it had already flagged
reputational risk through association
with partner at first glance Mackenzie's
offering to Escom seemed tantalizing it
would save the utility tens of billions
of rand and would be on a no fee at risk
basis
instead it would earn a percentage of
any savings that created for Escom it
was to net McKinsey a billion rand in
just six months
but when Suzanne Daniels is comms head
of legal began reviewing the contract
she discovered concerning details the
contract was extremely waited in
Mackenzie's favour you know so all the
risk was actually with ESCO other Eskom
executives had their doubts as to why
the huge public utility needed
Mackenzie's advice at all at certain of
our executive committee meetings the
other colleagues were not really
convinced that McKinsey did add any
value because it was standard
operational work that they weren't doing
in Parliament McKinsey stood by its
billion ran fee David fine a senior
partner based in London flew to South
Africa to give evidence to the
corruption inquiry and I'm comfortable
with the size of the fee that Escom
could have actually absorbed this much
change but I have got comfort from my
colleagues at least what they've shown
me and has been independently audited by
Oliver Wyman that was value but the
Oliver Wyman report commissioned by
Eskom found that the contracts unusual
fee structure resulted in a charging
more than double market rates and
McKinsey itself in its internal
presentation to Eskom flagged exorbitant
fees being leaked to media as another
risk had the contract not been cancelled
prematurely McKinsey and trillion could
have netted almost ten billion rand
equivalent to more than eight hundred
million dollars for four years work
Susanne Daniels discovered other
irregularities the contract itself
didn't appear to be valid it didn't
identify trillion as Mackenzie's local
partner and no Treasury approval had
been sought so Mackenzie have said was I
relied upon Escom to seek the necessary
exemptions from the
Treasury but you don't do things that
way you don't say by the way did you
speak to your friend at the Treasury and
is it all cool
Daniels issued letters of demand to
McKenzie and trillion to repay the money
48 hours later she was suspended that's
when the threat started
death threats I were to increase the
security at home make sure that my
family's safe in November last year she
also testified at the parliamentary
inquiry there's only one way to describe
this to the people of South Africa this
was brazen theft ending his testimony at
the same inquiry
David fine apologized for mistakes
McKenzie had made he also reiterated
that despite the firm's fee being
justified it would pay it back please
accept that we will pay the money back
to South Africa we do not want any
tainted money that offer might now be
moot in January South Africa's National
Prosecuting Authority froze 1.6 billion
rand of McKenzie and trillion assets it
labeled the deal patently corrupt so
with the Zuma Gupta Aaron are over and a
new president at South Africa's helm can
corruption in the country be brought
under control Kadam thinks it can in t18
is going to be about rectifying all of
that and much more and and demonstrating
the South Africa is the Mandela South
Africa but the bribe peg businessman we
interviewed isn't so sure the president
changing may impact high-level
corruption the bigger transactions the
bigger deals but when it comes to the
the medium-sized deals the smaller to
you the things not nothing's gonna
change last week as this film was being
completed South Chief Tom Ayane
was suspended on the orders of South
Africa's new president Cyril Ramaphosa
meanwhile clive angel bianca Goodson's
former colleague denied being involved
in any of the consultancy work which was
done as part of the Escom McKinsey deal
