Rebecca Kazuki has had enough of broken
promises promises of protection promises
from the Congolese president that the
killings will end take our houses have
them since you're unable to protect us
your priority is to look after the rich
and not us poor people you have
fulfilled your contract of killing us
just do what you want now we're tired of
these killings her home is a burnt-out
ruin and two members of her family are
dead after allied democratic forces
rebels attacked her village of kiseki in
the middle of the night residents put up
barricades but not for protection
this is in protest ADF rebels have
killed more than 1500 people in the
region in less than four years they
accuse President Joseph Kabila
of failing to protect them and want UN
peacekeepers and the Congolese military
to keep them safe the army general was
here last night and then the enemy came
to kill us how do we explain this
situation someone needs to tell us
president Kabila has failed on all of
his five building plans he succeeded on
his plans to kill civilians the rebel
group was formed in neighboring Uganda
back in the 90s eventually moving to the
DRC after a failed bid to turn Uganda
into an Islamic state the Benin DRC's
Virunga National Park for 20 years but
it's in the last four that they've
cemented their reputation for brutality
killing hundreds of civilians as well as
mass rape and recruiting child soldiers
around four and a half million people
have been displaced by fighting with
rebels as well as enter if McVeigh lence
seeking refuge and camps like these the
United Nations describes the situation
and the Democratic Republic of Congo as
a forgotten crisis so serious and on
such a scale that the UN's humanitarian
chief mark lowkick visited just two
weeks ago to get the world to take
notice the UN warns millions will starve
if they don't get help but President
Kirby
is grappling with his own crisis they've
been anti-government protests after he
refused to give up power when his to
terms and office came to an end two
years ago the Catholic Church holds a
lot of sway in the DRC and church
leaders have called on the faithful to
keep up the pressure on Kabila to hold
promised elections but as long as the
political turmoil continues there is
little prospect of security and
stability improving marana hond al
Jazeera
