hi I'm Muhammad Aberdeen and you're in
the stream live on al-jazeera
and YouTube today we asked the boss of
Oxfam international one of the world's
biggest aid groups how the organization
can fix a reputation damaged by sex
abuse scandals we've got to fix this aid
workers and the aid industry needs to be
full of humility now there are very very
many good aid workers out there and
certainly not every aid worker is a
pedophile far from it but the systemic
problem is the culture of the industry
the paternalism
and just think of Oxfam not even
reporting it to the local police what
was going through the head in February
Oxfam international came under scrutiny
following reports that some aid workers
paid prostitutes for sex while on
assignment in Haiti back in 2010 a 2011
internal investigation led to the firing
of four staff members three others
including former country director Roland
van Haller Myron were allowed to resign
van Howard Myron has been linked to a
similar case in Chad in 2006 while also
serving as the head of the aid group in
the country at the time since news of
the scandal broke Oxfam has lost at
least 7,000 regular donors Winnie bin
EEMA the current executive director of
Oxfam was not the head of the
organisation when the alleged events
took place but she is now tasked with
repairing a damaged reputation so can
she write the wrongs of her organization
she joins us live from our studio in
Nairobi Kenya to discuss just that
welcome to this dream Winnie Thank You
Ahmed when I want to start by asking you
if you can take us back to that moment
when you first found out about this were
you shocked and and how did you learn
about this amid I was shocked I was hurt
I felt outraged and that's the feeling
of the majority of all of the people at
Oxfam we stand for values and this
incident
brought face to our faces the fact that
some of us didn't live up to the values
of Oxfam and we're still going through
the shock and the pain of knowing that
we didn't live up to what we preach we
lost trust of our supporters and our
supporters amid are they ordinary people
bus drivers teachers nurses policemen
these people give us a check every month
because they believe in international
solidarity we let these people down is
painful we're working hard to restore
that trust of course and you know I
appreciate your candid response and you
bringing up trust and and you know
acknowledging how much trust has been
lost I'm curious when when and how did
the news come to you was it before you
took you know the position was it after
was it in person that they informed you
I'm just curious know when I came into
the organization in 2014 I learnt that
there had been a scandal in Haiti and
out of that a review had been done and
following that review we had built up a
system for safeguarding we had set up a
team that never existed
we had strengthened today whistleblowing
system we had started better
investigations and we were on the road
to recovery and that is part of what I
have been supporting but obviously
what's happened now tells us that what
we were doing was simply not enough
simply not enough and but we were on the
owner journey but we were not doing
everything possible to stamp out sexual
misconduct of course in Winnie you know
our online community you know raising a
lot of questions around how the
investigation is proceeding as well as
you know how Trust really factors into
this and what it means to I want to
share this question from Grayson at
Apollo saying is Oxfam investigating all
its offices worldwide and you know with
that I want to
you because you brought up trust how do
you regain the trust of communities that
you serve you know trust comes not
through words trust will come through
actions and actions we've taken this has
been a wake-up call to us the many
things we've started working on right
away for example we've tripled our
funding for safeguarding work and
doubled the number of staff on the
ground to do this we've introduced a
system for referencing so no one can
come to our organization and get a
reference from their friend and go away
and real friend so we have references
that are now which referees who are
registered every reference is cleared we
have we have strengthened whistleblowing
so that victims can feel safe to report
and not fear that's part of it we have
put in place an independent commission
of a respected human rights women's
rights leaders who are going to look at
us from head to toe and advise us on how
to improve our culture and our practice
because this is about abuse of power
this is the culture of the organization
and we're going to take advice so with
its action its action that will restore
the trust of our supporters and you know
with that in mind you talk about this
being about abuse of power as you put it
very kind of bluntly Sophia
pierre-antoine saying to me this is much
bigger than just holding your colleagues
accountable and holding gender
sensitivity trainings and offices this
abuse is deeply rooted in racism sexism
neo colonialism now we're gonna be
obviously touching on some of those
topics throughout this conversation but
before we move on from the the question
of can I say some please of course
that's why you're here I want to agree
with Sophia absolutely but you know we
are asking ourselves fundamental
questions about the mother
of humanitarian work are we and the
model of development we are asking
ourselves where does power lie who calls
the shots and these are deeply deeply
yes political questions and we are
asking ourselves those questions we're
going to change how we do our
humanitarian work how we do our
development work and the legacy of this
will be that women must be empowered
women must have a voice in what we do
and women must feel safe and enjoy their
full dignity in our spaces and and and
great you know when he I'm glad you
spoke directly to Sophia's point she
makes several other points that touch on
you know how this is a systemic kind of
problem across the board not just with
Oxfam but I do want to you know go back
to Oxfam specifically and what happened
in February back in February the former
head of Oxfam Barbara stalking spoke to
the BBC about why Roland how her Myron
was not fired under her watch for what
was going on in Haiti and instead stayed
on for another month take a look at this
what because we wanted him there because
what we were afraid of was that there
were more people there and we didn't
immediately want that exposed and we
wanted to make sure we could get in and
also make sure that there wasn't any
bullying of the people now so you use
somebody who was basically an offender
to help you with the investigation he
was an offender because he had to use
prostitutes what do you make of that
Winnie and is this how you would have
handled it no that's not how I would
have handled it you know what is at
stake here is as I said abuse of power
here in a situation of crisis is hauless
Ness the people the men and the women
are fleeing they have nothing they are
unsafe they're polish we as oaks from
her power and that power is the
resources we have to save their lives we
can't then use our power to buy sex from
them that's abuse that's exploitation I
would not accept that at all and that is
for me they immoral of our work that is
where for me
Roland would have been fired I do not
have had a graceful exit no way
but you see we've learnt all this we
know this we've changed our code of
conduct we have changed our rules we
strengthened our systems and that will
never happen again not under my watch
most definitely I want to also put to
you another comment that's touching and
echoing some of what you're referring to
from Denver and Cube on Twitter saying
when you represent an NGO by virtue it's
being around people who need your help
you must appreciate the power dynamics
at play and not use your position to
gain any favors especially those of a
sexual nature it should just be clear
from an ethical standpoint now to try
and understand why it is not clear
because of course this is something that
keeps happening over and over
I want to hear once more from the former
Oxfam had Barbara stalking she talks
about how the organization handled the
sexual misconduct claims and what she
says about the issue being brought up
again several years later take a listen
your your mission statement is
championing equal rights little women
helping marginalized women claim their
rights he says why wouldn't your first
instinct be to say this is shocking we
are rooting it out we are telling the
world that we've done what we did do we
did do we both we as I said we put out a
press release about when the
investigation went in we do think
nothing nothing new today nothing new
about the story at all only things that
come in it that we have no idea where
they've come from now that you're in
charge Winnie can you unequivocally say
are you capable of saying this behavior
is no longer happening and you know back
to the question from grace she said is
Oxfam investigating all its offices
worldwide are there any current
investigations going on what I could say
to grace that we have opened ourselves
totally I've called out two victims two
survivor who have said come forward
we'll do justice for you we've
strengthened our whistleblowing so that
they can report safely and we've opened
ourselves with with will put in place
and in deep
commissioned these our arms-length from
us these are highly reputable people who
are going to look at our entire system
our cultural practices our policies and
they're going to advise us we have an
external investigator so if you don't
trust Oxfam you can take your case to
external investigator so we're doing
everything possible but let me say
something here and and I want to say it
very sensitively okay let you know when
we do all the right things you know the
the crisis in Haiti was that first there
were allegations okay Oxfam investigated
Oxfam fired some people some left before
they were fired
Oxfam actually reported but didn't
report everything and he said that there
was misconduct but didn't say it was
sexual we didn't report everything and
we are ashamed of that but let me tell
you today we will do it we are fully
transparent we'll report everything but
my fear is that more organizations might
choose to be less transparent than fully
transparent if they fear that by being
fully transparent they're going to be
punished so it's so important that every
stakeholder particularly the donors and
the media take a responsible mature and
and reflective you and discuss this as a
system-wide sector-wide problem where we
all must rise well Winnie I appreciate
you again being very direct and I saw
that Teddy was nodding who is a guest
who will be joining us in a minute
because I want a wide in the discussion
now because of course Oxfam as you point
out isn't the only aid organization
grappling with this issue first let's
listen to what the head of Save the
Children international told members of
the UK's Parliament back in February
it's a systemic problem
it's large-scale we have to fix it the
UK aid I would submit is is probably the
most effective aid in the world it's the
most accountable
the world we cannot afford to allow this
issue to pollute the wider discussion
about the role of the UK in leadership
so how can the international aid
community address this systemic problem
you were may be wondering who Teddy was
earlier he's one of two guests that are
joining us in Boston we have Paula
Donovan she's the co-director of
aids-free world and it's code blue
campaign to end impunity for sexual
exploitation and abuse by UN
peacekeepers and in Kampala Uganda Teddy
rouged the co-founder of jaded aid
welcome teddy I brought you up because I
saw that you were nodding as you know we
were listening to Winnie before I
actually introduced you but you know
since you're here I do want to let you
speak to what when he said but before I
do I want to share with our audience
this this article you wrote it's called
your white savior complex is detrimental
to my development what did you mean by
that and why were you nodding so much as
when he was speaking well so let's break
it down a bit and I'm glad that really
the early conversation captured a bit of
what I wanted to say is that the aid
industrial complex is built on very
large colonial shoulders and there's an
empower imbalance that we need to
discuss and I think that's what's truly
at the heart of the matter here that
you've already touched on is that those
with power have a responsibility to
willed it in such a way that it's not
injurious to the recipients that
actually needed the relationship between
those that have the power and those that
need the help is what is at stake here
there are some people within the aid
industrial complex that are unable to
handle the power that is given to them
and I'm able to actually see the
recipients and those colleagues that
they're working with that do depend on
them to actually be there for them in in
in in situations of crisis in situations
where they're disempowered to be able to
help themselves and there are certain
individuals within all of these
organizations international
they should not just Oxfam by itself but
the entire industry itself
very small number of individuals that
are unable to handle that power and as a
result abuse it and we end up with such
situations as we have let me state it
again it's not just Oxfam this is an
industry-wide situation and to speak to
to the matter actually in the creation
of the j2 date game that we did in
2015-2016 we asked the aid industry and
said look what is happening in your
community in your community what is
happening that you found to be truly
atrocious or appalling send us those
those situations so that we are able to
actually be able to to talk about them
put them in the public and discuss them
I will have to say it was truly
embarrassing and truly appalling that
some of the things that were sent in we
could literally not in rent
I can't even discuss to you yeah what
was what was sent in to us he was really
appalling like this happens in the ATI
I can certainly imagine and you know I
want to kind of jump to you Paula with
some of what we just heard from Teddy of
course I know that you have dealt with
sexual abuse within the UN system as
Teddy said this is not specific to Oxfam
and you know before I let you explain to
us if there are any overlaps there I
want to draw your attention to Denver
and Cube on Twitter who says that you
know there are many reasons why the
narrative persists it all stems from the
elitist mentality ingrained into source
Nations and its premise on a colonial
mindset workers inadvertently inherit
this approach and must be trained to
treat those in need with respect does
that ring true to you and and what can
you share with us about any overlaps
you've witnessed it definitely rings
true everything that I've heard spoken
so far rings true and the United Nations
is is certainly the most high-profile
organization in the world that's been
rightly accused of sexual exploitation
and abuse and it has to be said that the
United Nations
interacts with all these international
nongovernmental organizations on the
ground there many of them are
implementing partners of the UN so that
when you go if you're a refugee and a UN
sponsored refugee camp then it's likely
that the food that you are that's being
distributed to you by through the World
Food Program and so forth is actually
being distributed by by people from
international and local NGOs I think the
common denominator here amongst all
humanitarian institutions and
development institutions is that when
they're faced with these problems and
and they recognize the fact that there
is a power differential and the it's not
just the tendency it's it's the absolute
practice in every single case for the
powerful that then to be put in the
position of solving the problem so
what's missing from these conversations
and the media coverage and so forth are
the voices of the people in Haiti say in
the Oxfam crisis the voices the people
who were actually actually offended
their lives were up ended by this by
this crisis so we don't see
organizations like the United Nations
and Winnie I certainly respect what
Oxfam is trying to do and it follows a
model but it's a model that hasn't
worked yet because they the solutions
are in the hands of an elite group of
experts and educated people who are
forgive me forgive me for jumping in
there he said the technocrats Winnie yes
I was planning to come to you before I
do if you just bear with me Sofia maybe
being really succinct about this and I
want to know Whitney what you're doing
to actually solve that problem she says
it'll only change if the deep roots and
culture of entitlement to other people's
bodies and impunity is challenged when
he what do you think of that and what
are you doing to really tackle this I
mean Sofia is so right this for me the
opportunity of this moment in our sector
this wake-up call is for us to tackle
the root cause
of women's insecurities and women's
subordination addressing women's rights
directly this for me is the issue this
is abuse of women it happens everywhere
in society in all institutions but its
worst in situations of power of gross
powerlessness of the greatest asymmetry
of power you have more abuse but it's
happening everywhere in society so for
me I see an opportunity in my
organization to address women's rights
more directly to put more resources into
women's rights and secondly to change
our model of human Tara and work Winnie
we went we went to Turkey we signed on
to the Charter for change we said the
whole sector said they're going to put
more resources through local actors so
that we stand in solidarity so that
local people respond themselves directly
to crisis right we said we said we'll do
even more than the sector core needs we
said 2020 we will have channeled 30
percent of our resources through local
actors so that we stand in solidarity
with them but they respond and I want to
see women being part of responses
leading man and that's why we're happy
of course and that's why we're shifting
to local people themselves and that's
exactly why we're having this
conversation as Jenny Whelan refers to
she says on Twitter a big power
disparity between perpetrator and victim
and there's none bigger than that of a
salaried expat with per diems food
rations in his pocket and an orphan
child in a displaced persons camp or a
widowed mother whose children have no
shelter paula as Winnie was outlining
what she's planning to do and hearing
that tweet what comes to mind is a real
solution something tangible that can be
done beyond this rhetoric right so again
I think the perspective of the people
that that she mentioned in that tweet is
completely lost because the solution is
now put into the hands of other powerful
people I mean the three of us are
powerful
people we're educating experts and I not
to flip things around towards al-jazeera
but I I don't quite understand why the
top of the show is introduced by an
Australian lawyer who just got into this
business recently and is now considered
the expert who will introduce this topic
why not one of the one of the Haitian
women who are powerful local NGOs why
not one of those lawyers who are working
regularly with the victims certain
certainly Paula forgive me I mean that's
a great point as you mention it I you
know I'm thinking we should hear from
those people which is why we're trying
to bring as many voices into the show
and because we're running out of time I
have to just before we wrap ask you you
know Winnie as a Ugandan
that is now at the helm of a
british-based aid organization what do
you make of this argument about the
white Savior mentality is it really at
the crux of this problem you know what I
don't want to racialize this issue I
want to talk of power and how power
directly I grew up in a village where I
just walked past buzz and see sex
workers they would have their children
go to class with me but they would have
their children not even identify
themselves as children of sex workers
they were stigmatized they were they did
not have the confidence to stand up in
society and be anything they were not
being abused by a white person no so the
abuse of women is global is in every
situation and we must tackle it for me
Haiti has put the wind of change behind
me I came to this organization
Oxfam as a women's rights activist and
now I see there's a momentum to tackle
women's rights in our organization and
out there where we work for me that's
the lesson that's a legacy two years
from now I want to look back and see
that Oxfam has changed Oxfam ten seconds
I think I with the tender I'll get you
respect I think it's a it's a disservice
to dismiss the the racial imbalance in
this situation there's a lot
unfortunately I really apologize
this is suction is the case in TV we
have to end the conversation there a
really heated discussion thank you to
our guests and of course the community
it's certainly not the end of this
conversation the conversation always
continues here at streamed aljazeera.com
thank you again
you
