no belt tramps coffin was escorted
through Paris under pouring rain people
came to pay their respects to a French
police officer who's become a national
hero in the imposing courtyard of the a
valid France's most famous military
memorial victim's families joined
politicians of all persuasions and
former presidents in a show of unity on
Friday beltram had swapped himself with
a hostage in an attack in southern
France it was a display of courage that
cost him his life as soon as we learned
of this high-risk act all French people
trembled as one one of us had stood up
straight clear-headed and brave he was
standing up to Islamist aggression to
hate - the volley of murder and with him
the whole country's heart swelled with
the French spirit of resistance the
bravery of one man taking the whole
country with him Mac awarded beltram the
commander of the Legion of Honour when a
Frances highest accolades are Nobel
transactions have touched so many people
in France because he did something that
very few people could imagine doing
sacrificing his own life for that of a
stranger beltram had rushed to this
supermarket in the town of Tabb last
week after news broke that a gunman had
taken hostages 25 year-old Ryder 1-lakh
dim had been on a shooting spree in the
name of ISIL he'd killed three people
including two men in the supermarket and
had injured a police officer who'd been
jogging facts that Beltran would have
known when he volunteered to put down
his weapon and take the place of a
female hostage French police said lactam
was radicalized and under surveillance
but he wasn't considered a threat on
Tuesday the prime minister dismissed
criticism by the opposition that the
government's not doing enough to prevent
such attacks
sukhiya film who said that those who say
that this attack could have been avoided
those who believe that they guarantee
the French people there is risk I say to
them that they must take responsibility
for their naivety more than 240 people
have been killed in attacks in France in
the last three years each time many
people in the country feel a sense of
anger and despair in beltram some have
found a reason to hope
Natasha Butler al-jazeera Paris
