a surprise summit between China and
North Korea it's all smiles in Beijing
during Kim Jong Un's first overseas trip
as leader and the Chinese remind the
world they have a crucial role in any
nuclear and missile talks with Donald
Trump
so as the North in a stronger position
this is inside story
they've been allies since the 1950s
hundreds of thousands of Chinese
soldiers are believed to have died in
the Korean War and the North's been an
important buffer for China ever since
keeping US troops allied with South
Korea away from the Chinese border but
their relationships sound as the North's
nuclear bomb an intercontinental missile
ambitions expanded under the leadership
of Kim jong-un
this year though diplomacy has been
higher than North's agenda including
groundbreaking visits to the Winter
Olympics south of the border and Kim's
duet summits with both the South Korean
and American presidents or the north
traditional allies seemed to be
sidelined but with Kim choosing China
for his first overseas trip as leader
while Chinese leaders have a chance to
assert their influence in any diplomatic
solution he has our China correspondent
Adrienne Brown in Beijing for Xi
Jingping
this was a diplomatic triumph he not US
president Donald Trump now the first
world leader to meet Kim jong-un Chinese
state controlled media waited until Kim
was back home before confirming what
officials had tried so hard to deny just
a day earlier in the Great Hall of the
People Kim and his wife were welcomed
like old friends appearance is important
at times like this she opted for a
business suit whereas Kim stuck to the
look favored by his father and
grandfather the wives of both men were
present during most of the photo
opportunities visits like this are all
about symbolism for XI it served as a
reminder that China still holds sway
over its neighbor and intends to be at
the center of diplomatic efforts to
achieve a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula
it's not clear what made Kim come to
Beijing or indeed what incentives he may
have been offered to do so but China
remains North Korea's only real friend
and Ally so it's fair to assume the
President Xi Jingping
might want to know what Kim's
negotiating strategy will be during his
upcoming summit with President Trump so
it's in turn that
aha Kim's visit made it possible for
China to know what North Korea will be
talking about to South Korea and the
United States in this discussions aunty
nuclearization China has also learned
what North Korea's demands will be which
will help China
it's a visit that would have seemed
unimaginable just a few months ago when
North Korea was ignoring Chinese appeals
for restraint at an exhibition
showcasing some of China's technological
achievements the message appeared to be
we can help you with all of this if you
behave China's leaders of fond of
metaphors at a lavish banquet she told
his guests that in the beautiful season
of spring everything comes to life
Kim replied I believe our meeting will
yield abundant fruit that could mean
making good on his commitment to give up
nuclear weapons the fruits of spring
were apparent in the garden of the state
guesthouse where friendship also seemed
to blossom she accepted an invitation to
visit North Korea and told him he was
welcome to visit China again the
visitors left Adrian Brown al jazeera
Beijing China and North Korea have a
mutual defense treaty signed decades ago
but Chinese leaders had tried to
convince their neighbors to stop
developing nuclear bombs the Chinese
government led seven years of
negotiations known as six-party talks to
dismantle North Korea's nuclear program
after Kim jong-un took power in 2011 the
Chinese were surprised by the purge of
several North Koreans with close links
to China including Kim's uncle Jang
song-thaek
or kim angered his Chinese allies with
missile and nuclear bomb tests and China
suspended coal and iron ore imports from
the north last year China's overall
trade with North Korea declined by more
than 10 percent in 2017 and that appears
to be a major economic blow considering
China accounts for almost 90 percent of
total trade well let's bring in our
panel now from Seoul Chado Carol the
director of NK news a new site focused
on North Korea from Beijing on
tangan an investment banker and advisor
to the chinese government on economic
and development issues and from chicago
karl freed half a fellow at the Chicago
Council on global affairs welcome to you
or mister o Cal Kim Jong Un's first trip
to a foreign country since taking power
in 2011 just how significant is that and
does it mean that North Korea is now
ready for more engagement on the nuclear
issue
well it's significant in the sense that
it is Kim jong-un's first ever trip
overseas it's been six years since he
became leader and going to China and his
father's armored train seems like a
smart choice if security is a priority
you know is the North Korean government
I think it's very important to look at
all of this in the big picture which is
this diplomacy we're seeing now is
coming after a very intensive year of
missile and nuclear testing and it's a
year in which we saw three ICBMs and
tested and the North Korean stating
definitively that develop development
plans have been completed for creating
this statement and killed force in other
words north korea has claimed it's
completed its nuclear weapons programs
and it's now willing to talk but it
seems the denuclearization it wants to
talk about is a very lofty version a
very lofty goal and there's going to be
a lot of difficulty in laying the
foundation for a credible pathway to
that will satisfy all sides mr. Freed's
half as mister ocal was saying it has
been a year of tensions on the Korean
Peninsula we had a year of threats tests
more sanctions but does this meeting
show that the sanctions are working I
think it's really too early to to say
that there has been some anecdotal
evidence that has come out people have
been watching gas prices that had spiked
in the past but then those came back to
just about normal and so there's really
no way to tell I think we need to
remember that if sanctions are really
going to work they need to target the
the orig
and those at the very top but of course
North Korea is a criminal organization
that that is built on a national scale
and so the money flows up and the
consequences flow down so if there are
people suffering they're probably at
lower levels and the North Korean regime
has showed continually that it has no
real regard for citizens at lower levels
so if sanctions really are the reason
for this we're gonna need to wait and
see there is a Bank of Korea report
that's due out later this year where
they're going to make estimates on the
the North Korean economy but for now I I
see this more as North Korea thinking
that it has an advantage and it's not so
much sanctions that are pushing it into
negotiations with the United States and
others
mr. taggin whatever it is that is
pushing North Korea to these new round
of negotiations how significant is it
for the Chinese President Xi Jinping
after tense relations with North Korea
last year and looking increasingly
sidelined well I don't think you could
ever sideline the largest neighbor they
have the longest border China is going
to be necessary to any kind of
resolution keep in mind that despite all
this talk the situation has not changed
the u.s. is not going to abide in North
Korea with a nuclear threat capability
reaching of the United States and it's
very doubtful that the DPRK would give
up its only leverage which is its
nuclear program
so there has to be some sort of
breakthrough that comes through and I
think that probably will have to be some
sort of security guarantee either by
Russia China or both because there is
perhaps lack of trust when it comes to
the United States given what has
happened with Iran what happened in with
Saddam Hussein and Gaddafi and Assad so
in these particular instances it's
doubtful that the PRK is going to
entirely trust the US and these might be
just the beginning for rays of either a
play for time or to see what China the
US and the world will pay to have DPRK
under control mr. okay what do you make
of there
what is China willing to do to control
North Korea it of course has that very
unenviable task of keeping it in line
but at the same time not punishing
enough to risk a regime collapse on his
border yes so Chinese main goal with
DPRK is to ensure that there is
stability
no war and I think the days they've got
bloody Negros a question comes beneath
those especially with the level of
threat that escalated last year when you
had Pyongyang threatening to surround
Guam with medium-range missile tests and
so on there was a real fear that that
could break out soon but yeah we have a
very difficult situation ahead and I
think the primary problem is very
different expectations in China South
Korea and the United States about the
best way to go forward and just to get a
real texture on that it was just unbolt
and who just the other day said that
before being a point to the National
Security Adviser that he he favors the
Trump summit because if the North
Koreans agreed to telling the u.s. which
ports and airports their planes can come
in to to collect North Korea's nuclear
program John Bolton is all for that for
anything else then it's a good excuse to
use a military option and that's pretty
unrealistic I think from DPRK South
Korean and Chinese perspectives
mr. free Toph how do you see the new
National Security Advisor John Bolton's
role in all of this given his talked in
the past of you know attacking North
Korea how much that new appointment
factor into these talks do you think
well of course you have to wonder about
how the new national security adviser is
going to advise the president my primary
concern is what he's going to do with
the National Security Council staff if
you look down the down the staff there
there are several very reliable people
who have been working with Korea who
know Korea well and I think have played
a very important role in
intermediaries and going back and forth
not only to to China obviously but also
to South Korea one of our most important
allies if he determines that they are
not reliable that they are perhaps
holdovers from the the Obama
administration which I know that a few
of them are and they are then sidelined
or perhaps kicked out of the National
Security Council altogether the
replacements that come in for those
people are going to be very important to
watch in terms of what they're
recommending to do on Korea their
connections back on to the Korean
Peninsula and how they see this playing
out mister Tankian is the u.s. even
ready for substantive talks with North
Korea for this meeting this
much-anticipated meeting between
President Trump and Kim jong-un given
what mr. Freed's HOF has just said and
the fact that the Embassy in Seoul
doesn't have an ambassador
there's no Secretary of State yet well
my colleague has pointed out some of the
larger flaws in this and the technical
sense but McDonald Trump it's it's not
clear that even understands what's going
on in in terms of this a situation and
he's not willing to be briefed and if he
has no john bolton whispering in his ear
bombed them back to the stone Age's he
just might
I mean people when we're talking about
Bolton remember this is a man who's
still defending the invasion of Iraq
that killed you know it was responsible
for killing millions of people it's for
four to six trillion dollars of you as
debt and here's somebody who's advising
the president the four same president
who called all of Bush's appointees and
neo-cons the you know the greatest
Fiasco on earth so no he's not prepared
obviously and this is why it's going to
be a fiasco at best I think China has
stepped in to try to calm the waters
ahead of this note that they fully
briefed Trump and his team as to what
they were doing there has to be some
sort of semblance an adult in the room
and that's where it's not going to come
from Donald Trump
I think young Kim was very concerned in
the first questions I would ask if I
were him or let us say the first answers
I would want is what would China do if
u.s. attacked North Korea and second
what it what position do you tend to
take on these sanctions are these going
to continue or get worse the answer to
those questions would have a lot to do
with how I would be personally
proceeding mr. okay also it doesn't
sound like you know from what either of
our guests are saying that the u.s. is
very prepared for these talks what about
South Korea and president moon jae-in
because you know we had Kim Jong Un's
father Kim jong-il make his first trip
to China in the year 2000 reportedly to
consult with the Chinese leadership
ahead of her summit where the South
Korea's then leader are we seeing
something similar here and as South
Korea more prepared than their previous
governments have been and then the u.s.
is now well the South Korean summit is
interesting in sense that it's going to
be going very soon and we strongly
believe motivated almost equally in the
same way as the North Korean interest in
by circulating this idea in Kim
jong-un's need for this summit know all
this inter-korean rapprochement to take
place both Koreas were very worried last
year about the threat of war and I think
that selfishly
for the right reasons Sabo Beijing and
Pyongyang kind of all on the same page
here with regards to probably what we're
wanting to provide optics that will
satisfy Trump at least until the end of
his administration and so whatever it
can take from those three I'm not saying
they can't be working side by side but
they are coming from the same feel of
concern and so if they can come to an
agreement where North Korea on the
surface agrees to give up more amount of
its nuclear program than ever before on
the surface then that could satisfy
Trump for the short term mr. free table
do you think that North Korea is in a
place now where it would be nuclearized
denuclearize to some extent because Kim
jong-un did speak about it with the
Chinese
didn't well denuclearizing to some
extent still leaves a nuclear North
Korea and that outcome I think is going
to be unacceptable to the United States
for now they may try to pursue a freeze
for freeze that is North Korea doesn't
develop any more weapons and the u.s.
perhaps goes back in and starts to think
about a freeze on its military exercises
with South Korea but again the result is
they're the same that we're left with a
nuclear North Korea mister tangan what
do you make of that well I mean it's
wait wait when your guest talks about
this fact that these three are working
together let's see what the alternatives
would be hundreds of thousands if not
millions of South Koreans being killed
by not nuclear arms yeah but by
conventional weapons the nine to
thirteen thousand artillery pieces that
are aimed at about a 1/4 of the South
Korean population yes I think they are
concerned and they don't want a war so
talking about this in dispassionate
terms as if this is a some sort of
exercise in the classroom is is not a
fair way of doing it
I think the Reta the whole world would
like a resolution to this right now you
have Donald Trump saying that he wants
to act tough he wants to show his base
that he can push this little guy around
and that they either do what he wants or
else and this is not the way that you
conduct diplomacy it's a reason why most
of the world is looking askance at him
he's not reliable or predictable those
are the two bedrocks of business and
diplomacy and so far he's offering
neither mr. ocal what will do you think
it take to find a resolution to this
could we have a resumption of six-party
talks I don't think that's likely but I
do think first of all Trump has the
Trump administration and the ball and
bolton especially had very very high
unrealistic expectations about being
able to Dini theorize the peninsula and
the reason I mentioned those three
countries working together is because in
effect they have to humor
that very senior part of the US
administration and and provide optics
that make it look like they're getting
what their one and the North Koreans in
a way can help that by reflecting from
nuclear and missile testing engaging in
shuttle diplomacy with Beijing and South
Korea the highest levels all of those
kind of things even meeting with our
beta that's been floated by Tokyo from
some sources all of those kind of things
really reduce the chances that we're
going to wake up here in Seoul one
morning with the sound of artillery due
to a unilateral strike from your best
that comes out nowhere mister feet offer
all of those things we'll all of those
things be enough without any real
involvement from the US if it's just not
ready not up to it
yeah the US involvement I think you know
it's been touched on before that when
President Trump shows up to this he's
going to be probably wholly unprepared
for what he's about to get into I would
note that this has been you know quite
well played by by the South Koreans and
the fact that one of the things that
that Donald Trump has has noted
throughout his presidency is that he's
taking a transactional approach while
Prime Minister Rob a has tried to warm
up to to Donald Trump and and perhaps
golf with him up here to be friends that
it has gotten Japan very little but
South Korea has been more under pressure
from the United States and yet it is
delivered one of the most prized
deliverables to President Trump and
that's the the ability for him to appear
as a statesman to for him to appear as
the great negotiator and they've secured
a deal for him to meet with Kim jong-un
and they've played that very well and I
think that has brought the South Koreans
more closely into the u.s. vote and made
them a more reliable partner for the
United States from the United States
point of view mr. jangan what would you
like to see the United States do with
this opportunity that's been presented
to them from the South Koreans
especially after you know the last year
of heightened tensions that we've had
would this not be a wasted opportunity
if nothing was done well I mean there's
very little that can be done I mean from
the US political side it doesn't matter
if it was Donald Trump or another
president any
residents who allowed a nuclear North
Korea to have nuclear capabilities
against the United States would be voted
out of office and probably along with
his party so that that's just not
something that can happen politically I
the issue here is that the US should be
working with China and Russia Japan
South Korea and saying you know even if
they don't have six-party talks let's
get it together and have a unified
position what is it that we need to do
I'm willing to take our troops out of
South Korea if this is helps China come
to terms with taking care of the DPRK
and by that I mean insisting on a/d
nuclear I do can do need
denuclearization of the place at the
threat of all of these powers saying
well you either go if you go against one
of us you go against all of us Trump was
trying to seize the spotlight for
himself aided by the South Koreans I
agree very canny move but right now it
looks like kim jeong-hoon is the crafty
one he's gotten both Beijing and the
United and Washington to come to him
this is unheard of for a country that is
considered a rogue nation that has
defied the UN mr. O'Carroll even if we
don't see those six-party talks which
don't sound entirely likely could we see
does the political will exists for the
things that mr. tangan is talking about
to take place
it certainly probably does on the
russian-chinese South Korean side but
the US side and Japanese have question
mark over that and I fill the US as we
as we're saying there's just very high
expectations and denuclearization is by
deep for always going to be a
multi-phase endeavor you know but they
have freeze ding you have inspection as
you have disassembled tlemen and then
you have to do something with scientists
that's not going to happen overnight as
John Bolton once and it's hard to know
where with the Trump administration
where the line is between tough talk
bluster
real initiative in in and and sort of
thinking and motivation and keeping all
of that in mind mister feed off what do
you think is the best that we can expect
out of the progress that we have had
this year I think the best that we can
expect is that negotiations are going to
be ongoing if negotiations fail of
course the ominous alternative is a
perhaps preventive strike by the United
States which would lead to perhaps
all-out war so the best that we can hope
for especially when this round of
symmetry is done let's say that Kim and
Trump do end up meeting which i think is
going to happen unlike many people who
are having their doubts but I think the
best that will best outcome from that
will be essentially they agreed to keep
talking I any other outcome I think
plays to the advantage of Kim jong-un
he is is going into this with with his
kind of Chosen advantage seeing that
that president Trump really wants to do
this does isn't going to be well briefed
on the situation and even having the
meeting is probably one of the goals of
Kim jong-un in and of itself so let's
just hope that they come out of this
there is no disaster from any of the
summits and there's an agreement that
negotiations are going to continue
they're going to be ongoing in that
contact will be maintained mister for
you Toph thank you very much for that
that is Kyle friedhof joining us from
Chicago from Seoul Chad O'Carroll and
from Beijing ina t'ankin and thank you
too for watching you can see the program
again anytime by visiting our web site
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at aj inside
story from the Elizabeth puranam and the
whole team here thank you very much for
watching and bye for now
