in the very early days of the Trump
administration the US president rolled
out the red carpet to host Chinese
President Xi at his mar-a-lago resort
more than 18 months later that warmth
has been replaced by a trade war between
Beijing and Washington and a strong
warning by the u.s. vice president Mike
Pence our message to China's rulers is
this this president will not back down
in a fiery speech pence escalated u.s.
rhetoric broadly blaming China for
everything from military aggression in
the South China Sea to intellectual
property theft to advance its global
interests Chinese security agencies have
masterminded the wholesale theft of
American technology including
cutting-edge military blueprints and
using that stolen technology the Chinese
Communist Party is turning plowshares
into swords on a massive scale US media
is reporting that includes inserting
microchips into servers used by Apple
and Amazon to spy on US companies pence
also accused China of religious
persecution and human rights abuses
cracking down on Chinese Christians
Buddhists and imprisoning more than a
million Muslim weekers in government
camps and domestically well the US
Special Counsel Robert Muller continues
his probe into Russian meddling in the
2016 US election China pence reiterated
president Trump's claim made last week
at the United Nations about China and
the upcoming election to put it bluntly
president Trump's leadership is working
and China wants a different American
president pants accused China of
election meddling in the 2018 US midterm
elections and the 2020 presidential vote
with an elaborate disinformation
campaign to influence us voters Pence
says the Trump administration remains
hopeful China will come around until
then he says it will continue to address
what it calls Chinese aggression
already there are tariffs in place a
more than 250 billion in Chinese goods
and more at the ready and could be
implemented as early as next year
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera the White
House
