they are predators at sea but powerless
against fishing lines sharks of all
sizes flood the fish market in Lombok
nearly every day they are caught for one
reason they're expensive fins mostly
sold to China to end up in soup
we filmed 55 sharks being auctioned on a
single day some still babies shark
fishing is legal in Indonesia except for
whale sharks which have become an
endangered species the government has
also imposed an export ban on hammerhead
sharks to prevent more populations
coming under threat conservationists are
keeping track on the trade militant OHS
in nearly all we have found is the
populations of sharks are declining and
also that the sizes of sharks are
becoming smaller sharks are at the top
of the oceans food chain scientists say
they keep populations of fish stock
healthy and protect the ecosystem shark
populations are easily threatened
because of this low reproduction rate
some female sharks can only give birth
after the 15 or even 20 years old that's
why shark fishing is big business in
Indonesia with export revenues of
hundreds of millions of dollars a year
traders not only sell shark fins but
also their skins and bones they say the
export ban and order protection measures
have hit them hard since the government
is banning all kinds of sharks the
prices have dropped drastically we can
now only sell locally and the prices we
get for export are much higher but
marine scientists say law enforcement
has been weak and more needs to be done
to enforce the export ban and protect
vulnerable shark species something the
government wants to discuss at this week
symposium in Jakarta what they tried to
do we will work together with Minister
of Environment to put also tough
measures on the business side because I
think that's the easiest actually to to
start to make the fishermen understand
it's going to take time in order to
protect fishing communities the
government does not plan to
pose a total ban on shark fishing but
rather increased restrictions but with
demand likely to remain high
conservationists worried that it will be
hard to prevent fins of protected
species continuing to end up at markets
step fasten al Jazeera Dan Jung you are
in East Indonesia
