yeah so he was here after all Chinese
state-controlled media waited until Kim
jong-un was back home before confirming
what officials had tried so hard to deny
just a day earlier in the Great Hall of
the People Kim jong-un and his wife were
welcomed like old friends my President
Xi Jingping
a brief greeting in Korean was the only
time Kim's voice was heard appearance is
important at times like this
Kim looked like an old-style communist
leader whereas she opted for a business
suit the wives of both men were present
during most of the photo opportunities
this visit was powerful symbolism for
both men but especially for President Xi
now the first world leader to meet Kim
and a reminder the China still holds
sway over its neighbor and Ally it's not
clear what motivated Kim jong-un to come
to Beijing now and whether he was
offered any incentive to do so
but China remains North Korea's only
Ally so it's fair to assume the
president she might have wanted to know
what Kim's negotiating strategy will be
during the summit
he's expected to hold with president
Trump before May it's a visit that would
have seemed unimaginable just a few
months ago when a chill in relations
deepened over Kim's refusal to halt the
development of his nuclear weapons and
long-range missiles at an exhibition
showcasing some of China's technological
achievements the message appeared to be
we can help you with all of this if you
behave China's leaders are fond of
metaphors at a lavish banquet she told
his guests that in the beautiful season
of spring everything comes to life Kim
replied with another metaphor I believe
our meeting will yield abundant fruit
that could mean making good on his
commitment to give up nuclear weapons
the fruits of spring were apparent in
the garden of the state guesthouse where
friendship also seemed to blossom she
accepted an invitation to visit North
Korea and told Kim
he was welcome to visit China now and
then the visitors left happy
