i sentence every one of them to death by
hanging or by firing squad qatar alleges
that in 1996 the same four countries
behind the ongoing blockade Saudi Arabia
the UAE Egypt and Bahrain supported a
coup attempt 22 years ago against its
former Emir Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa the
year earlier in 1995 the Qatari Neda
replaced his father Sheikh Khalifa some
inside Qatar and neighbouring countries
wanted the deposed leader back on the
throne stutters Oh Sheikh Zayed bin
Sultan managed to convince Sheikh
Khalifa bin Hamad to go back to the
leadership through a coup according to
al-maliki they established a coup
committee with allies inside Qatar
security services led by Qatar's police
chief Hamad bin Jassim the committee
included the UAE s Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Zayed the commander-in-chief of its
military and Bihar ins King Hamad bin
Isa who was then Crown Prince Saudi
Arabia and Egypt provided intelligence
support headed by Sultan bin Abdulaziz
Saudis Minister of Defense and Omar
Suleiman Egypt's intelligence director
the Egyptians also provided the weapons
intended for the operation it was
apparently the third attempt at Austin
Qatar's leader first one as we heard was
that there was an attempt to recruit
South African mercenaries it was as I
said it was treated as a joke that it
was so badly done it was so incompetent
that no one took it very seriously and
we made fun of it the second attempt was
an attempt to recruit French mercenaries
the same people who had a few months
before taken over the Comoros Islands
that one was stopped at some point I'm
not sure went at how far they developed
but it was stopped by the French
government who heard about it and told
the mercenaries that they
that their own government was absolutely
opposed to it and they better not do it
the four countries formed to
headquarters for the operation one in
Baja reigns monomer and the other in
Cobb our city in Saudi Arabia tribal
element was key in recruiting people
from inside Qatar Al Murray was one of
those recruited by Koreans operation
room was in charge of smuggle in the
weapons into Qatar using vehicles owned
by the Bahraini royal palace to Egyptian
generals on attachment in the Qatari
army served as point man for the
Egyptian intelligence the coup was
originally scheduled for February 16th
1996 or the 27th of Ramadan on the
Islamic calendar it was a vacation only
20% of Qatari military forces were on
shift the date was later brought back by
two days to the 14th as part of the
operation which was codenamed Abu Ali
the coup plotters inside Qatar were to
notify external forces the moment the
coup was underway
Saudi tribal forces positioned
themselves near the Qatari border
allegedly with the approval of King
Salman who was the governor of Riyadh at
the time Bahraini and UAE forces were to
provide air support while Emirati ground
forces also guarded near the Qatari
border things were going according to
plan until a Qatari officer snuck out of
the camp where the coup plotters had
gathered and informed the Qatari
government he was the only one that left
the camp the instruction were whoever
enters can't leave but is one person
managed to leave a state of emergency
was declared two hours before the coup
was due to start rattle that their plans
had been discovered the coup plotters
abandoned the operation the muscle Baba
when we heard that the soldiers had been
summoned from their vacations we knew
that the element of surprise was dead
they were very upset
including the Saudis they told the coup
leader that he shouldn't have called the
operation of here we knew what their
intentions were after the field coup
those involved in the conspiracy tried
to stir up riots again against Sheikh
Ahmad this time headed and funded by now
barians King Hamad bin Isa
in one attack on a gas station in
Qatar's capital Doha the country's
Health Minister was shot and wounded the
instant angered the Emir's father Shia
Khalifa who broke off ties with the coup
plotters Saudi Arabia the United Arab
Emirates and Bahrain have lied to me
everything I did was a mistake
supporters of the coup also planned a
series of bombings across doha but one
of the cruise ringleaders had a
last-minute change of heart and ordered
that the Bombers be left at the target
locations without fuses things later
calm down and ties were slowly restored
between Qatar and its neighbors
Saudi Arabia handed over some of the
coup leaders to Qatari authorities
others were captured and taken back to
Qatar by its intelligence service but
more than 20 years later Qatar's
neighbors still have an axe to grind the
world is changing this part of the world
has changed dramatically the government
of Qatar the leadership of Qatar is the
only country in the region that
understands that change has come and
that you have to adapt to change and
that people are changing you cannot rule
the way you used to rule and I think I
fear that the problem is that in the
remaining countries there's a belief
that they could move the clock back and
Qatar is seen as perhaps a threat
perhaps an annoyance but the country
that is moving with the change I think
all the political and social progress
that Qatar has made since then would not
have happened
Carter would have remained a backwater
it would have probably been a little
worse than Bahrain
