hi I'm let's have a Dean and you're in
the stream live on al-jazeera and on
youtube today African nations are aiming
to form the largest free trade bloc in
more than 20 years we examine what the
deal could mean for people across the
continent Africa stands on the verge of
creating the most ambitious free trade
bloc's since the creation of the World
Trade Organization in 1995 if ratified
the African continental free trade area
would bring 55 nations under one
umbrella for business now the African
Union hopes a final deal will
supercharge trading between African
nations and spur employment nonetheless
some member states have their
reservations
al-jazeera's Mohamed Adel was the last
week's free trade summit in the Rwandan
capital Kigali it's estimated the
African Continental free-trade area
could see business between African
nations increased by more than 50
percent within four years the idea is to
bring together countries with a combined
population of 1.2 million people and
gross domestic product or GDP of more
than two trillion dollars into one
market so far 44 of the African Union's
55 member states have signed the
protocol the agreement commits countries
to removing tariffs on 90 percent of
goods and lifting all parties to trade
within the continent eventually the free
movement of people and even a single
currency could become part of the free
trade area and here in our studio to
discuss this we have professor loan
priest in yay he is a fellow on the
global economy and development program
at the Brookings Institution from the
Norwegian capital Oslo we have Mossad
annachi he is a former adviser to the
transitional federal government of
Somalia and from Boston we have Chris
Gandhi Abdul Shafi a Sudanese activist
he is a graduate student at the Heller
School for Social Policy and management
at Brandeis University gentlemen thank
you for being with me and with us rather
I should say this is obviously a very
big deal and lonely I want to start by
talking about the timeframe
a lot of our online community has
brought this up eighteen months to
finalize the deal is that aspirational
is that realistic why do you think this
is a good deal I think it's an extremely
important year for many reasons first by
2030 Africa have has Britain of about
1.7 billion people and a combined
consumer and business spending of six
point seven trillion US dollars so it is
extremely important for African
countries to come together and to
increase drastically intra African trade
as you know as of today Africa trades
more with the rest of the world than
with other African countries and this is
a huge step
of course it still has to be
successfully implemented but we should
be going step by step and obviously you
outlined why it's important and why it
should happen but most are I'm curious
you know for your thoughts on this you
aren't as excited about the deal why is
that
thank you very much for having me I'm ed
and I like I said I'm a big fan of the
show so I'm very glad that I'm here for
the first time I do disagree with with
the professor because I do believe that
this agreement is not based on empirical
evidence or it is only a elite driven
political project that is going to fail
and the fact that the agreement was
signed show is clearly the apparent
political disconnect between the ruling
elite and the poor Africans and I
believe that the elite is completely
oblivious to the political and economic
realities in their countries the reason
I'm saying studies because for example
60 50 years over from today the East
African community was created and I've
done 10 years of the latest creation in
1960 1977 it was actually disbanded and
then it was reinstated into
thousand seven seventeen years ago
roughly and what did they do they
haven't agreed on anything so what the
African leaders are saying now instead
we couldn't walk therefore we want to
run and it is not going to work and
another thing is African for example
Somalia and candy and Foreign Ministries
were in Kigali when this agreement was
signed and they are both signatures the
two countries are both signatories in
this agreement yet Kenya is actually
erecting a physical barrier between
Somalia and Kenya so how can trade and
freedom of movement be flourish while
actually well that's a great point let's
come let's come to you what do you make
of that argument there especially the
example of Somalia and Kenya cuts
quantity what do you think i partly
agree with what Mactan was saying this
is really a big step or big jump as you
can see but it is just the same as big
as African Charter on on democracy
election on government the same big as
African Charter on Human Rights women's
and people's right the same as African
Charter on news we are very good in the
continent arcade at creating those kind
of charters those kinds of big things
and nice things but we are very loving
behind on implementing everything like
this so this chart just yesterday before
sign here is already big big boss our
jump up the African because three
economy which is South Africa Nigeria
and Angola Nigeria and South Africa
didn't sign this charter
go ahead I have to tell you that South
Africa is planning to sign the agreement
as president opposes said he's just
waiting for the Parliament to give the
authorization and he has also signed the
Kigali decoration and for Nigeria it is
a bit difficult to be
leave that Nigeria will not join the AFC
FTA for many reasons first president
bhai has not decided to never join the
function of Africa document for a second
because I want to bring our online
community into this a lot of people
discussing Nigeria and what that might
mean whether they can sign later on or
not and mook thought I want you to
respond to you know sorry forgive me I
want you to laundry they respond to
almost our said about the disconnect
between the people why he thinks the
deal is bad but let's go to this tweet
efis saying I think Nigeria can still
sign the agreement after consultation
and understanding some terms and
conditions and necessary amendments
Nigeria as usual being the mouthpiece of
Africa and this won't be anything
different move Todd what do you think of
that no I think we have to go back a
little bit before we talk about signing
because how many agreements has been
saying there are many trade bloc's in
Africa you have you have Sadiq in
Southern African Development Community
you have Equus you have commerce you
have censored you have egit which is
basically it was decided for something
else but now it's been into the trade
and political issues what I am saying is
telling begin applicant leaders are
saying we couldn't run we couldn't walk
therefore we want to jump what do you
mean is more what do you make of that
laundry looks less wet laundry respond
quickly to that we can't run we can't
walk he referenced all those other trade
deals the goal of the African continent
our free trade area is also to address
the multiple membership of African
countries numerous countries are member
of different blocks where I think the
CFG by centralizing he will provide a
better mechanism of of enforcement so I
don't think that the all the solutions
at this operational level so we are
speaking about the racks the regional
economic communities rental and it
should be perfect for us to have is here
in the contrary I think that a
continental freezin area eventually even
be easier to implement because you will
not have those sub regional competitions
among countries so that is one of the
important point and also it's critical
to mention that Nigeria is interested
was interested until the last minute
when some of your business community
leaders and some unions expressed
concern and what president greicy he
want to conserve and to see what will be
the impact before joining so that is
different for not trying
additionally to that in 44 countries the
44 countries who have scientists power
percent more than 700 million people yes
we should not neglect that no we should
not and let's just clarify it very
quickly before we come to you I saw you
were nodding cuz condi I just want to
kind of outline who is in and out
support is at a high for the African
Continental free-trade area in its
current form 80 percent of African
nations have signed the agreement
regional economic powerhouses however
South Africa and Nigeria are among those
that are withholding their signature for
now as we've been discussing along with
countries including Sierra Leone as well
as Burundi and but SWANA so with that in
mind whose condi I want to bring your
attention to this tweet it kind of
comments on what we heard from all three
just BJ saying he's disappointed to see
that Nigeria is not part of the deal
it's my opinion that the government
lacks the courage and willingness to
improve the economy to make it
competitive by providing basic amenities
like electricity water good roads
security they'd rather decided to quit
of course infrastructure is one of the
concerns by many who are looking at this
deal what do you think coos condi for
very long really African
interconnectedness in terms of Trade and
Development have been an issue and an
important issue
and we observe that Nigeria is one of
the biggest economy as well as others
like South Africa they are not really
interested or has no ambition on
investing in inter African continent and
business but that is not the problem I
don't see us run to rest
that signing nigeria signing or all
South Africa whatever signing on this
trade agreement it's means the dream
come true that is not true there is a
lot that African countries have no
problem on signing an agreement the
always they always have that devil that
hides when they come to the details I'm
telling you that the one of the major
risk that you could see that would come
out immediately
even after Nigeria made sign tomorrow or
even now South Africa might be part of
him there's a lot this is African
problem in ceramic problem is we have a
very bad or really unworking macro and
micro economic police to true and I
think makes it very hard things to work
one to also that there is lack of
political will in really creating every
time of political charcoal trade let's
hear from laundry we are seeing progress
for example the comprehensive African
agricultural development program which
was created by Dnieper Dnieper disturbed
a new partnership for Africa development
was created in 2001 so over for by 2016
over 42 countries had signed the NEPAD
compact and over 40 developed investment
plan so we also have we were speaking
about infrastructure we also have pita
the program for infrastructure
development in Africa which is also an
important initiative which moving
forward I appreciate you bringing those
the specifics up and Mukhtar I know you
want to get in here I do want to ask you
though in 2006 they signed a Youth
Charter there was also a human rights
charter a democracy Charter and I see
that you know our other two guests are
nodding don't you see that maybe
aspirationally this is a good thing for
Africa it should happen for all the
reasons you've outlined but there's a
lot of skepticism you know this idea of
how can we run if we're not walking I
definitely think that the enforcement
mechanism
is extremely important implementation
and for that political will is important
commitments important sanctions for the
countries which are not respecting right
the commitment is are so important so
but if you want everything to be perfect
to move forward nothing will happen
that's why it's extremely important to
move and to make some progress that's
certainly a great point and Mokhtar I
want to come to you but before I do
Matar sonko on Twitter it's chiming into
this conversation saying you know this
deal could be an important milestone in
Africa because just 16% of African
countries trade with each other compared
to Europe which is 70% in Asia which is
51% he says these are some challenges
including infrastructure which has
already come up in this conversation now
of course most thought I know you know
that the central aim of the deal is to
spur intra-regional trade and on this
aspect we all know Africa of course lags
far behind other regions as loans we
pointed out if we look at Europe for
example seventy percent of all trade
with the continent is between European
nations as the person on Twitter just
mentioned trade between North American
states that's Mexico Canada in the
United States of course stands at fifty
five percent of all trade in that region
but intra African trade let's look at
that lags
well behind the rest of the world just
18 percent of African trade was between
states on the continent in 2014 now
that's all according to the World Trade
Organization according to you most are
how how can we change those numbers and
and what is another obstacle beyond what
we've discussed is infrastructure as big
a problem as this disconnect you say
between the people and the leaders
indeed that is because for example there
is also a problem of capacity what this
Agreement does is it can help remove
some of the policy and political
barriers and we're having some legal
barriers as well but what it doesn't
address is the structural problems what
type of capacity issues exists in Africa
what can African states trade with each
other for example in Africa
most of what Africa produces is raw
material agricultural product is unlike
scale you know
the cereal products so what can for
example Ghana or Nigeria trade with each
other very little for example China and
Africa or happy trade okay let's hear
laundry reactivity go ahead is extremely
important when you are making I should
point out that about 42 percent of intra
African trade related to manufactured
goods which means that the CFDA which
will also help accelerating the
development of the manufacturing
industry contrarily to the exchange with
the rest of the world which is less than
twenty percent twenty then we'll hear
from someone on Twitter and we'll come
back to you Mukhtar go ahead Chris Conde
leading point on all this is that we
think that agreements and frameworks are
the one which will make development and
we can make a help Africa to take it is
fast moving forward and that is really a
misleading point I will tell you the the
the the the African Development really
need a very radical and strong chain
that chain should be really visionary if
you don't have a vision on expanding and
industrializing industry realizing the
it's still being a raw material
producing country a country that have 70
percent or 60 percent of young people
who are useless and working you can what
can you thread even if you agree it is
just maybe it is opening a new market
for China to buy to import to spits you
have country nothing for to to speaks in
a bush and do business so I think in
another aspect maybe I'm gonna give them
a quick quick quick moment to react on
again on this one it is important to
highlight the fact that the CFCA is
to increase diversification and
discharges ation productivity and
economic complexity by constituting a
bloc Africa will be likely to respond
and better negotiate with international
party the European Union the United
States China so the poor way I agree
with you is leaders who focus on
removing all the barriers to entry are
development to manufacturing the cost of
doing business
the should invest in human capital among
other factors well you know consume of
time but most are go ahead but actually
I just want to point out we're gonna run
out of time before I get to a lot of
things I want to talk about so I'm gonna
let you speak from start but then I do
want to talk about infrastructure and
and freedom of movement and how that's a
problem go ahead Matata quickly that's
actually what I want you to talk about
thank you brilliant but my point is
there are a structural problem in terms
of transportation for example sometimes
if you want to fly from now from Somalia
to for example maybe ivory coast you
have to go through universe through Asia
and I'm sending a letter or a package to
other African countries my goes through
your or if an America no you are not the
only person who thinks that's true and I
know you see this as a problem in fact I
want to share with our audience someone
else who's saying the same thing you do
and then I'll let you complete your
point and say what the fact is because
we do know that there are key barriers
to you know not only flexible trading in
Africa but key barriers in terms of like
you know the lack of direct air routes
we just heard MacLeod mentioned for
example in January 23 African states
signed on to a single air market but
there were 32 others that have yet to
agree one person actually told Al
Jazeera as Tanya Paige exactly this why
he the kinds of problems he faces when
flying take a look flying in Africa is a
nightmare I went to Tanzania two weeks
ago but to get to Tanzania I have to
take three different flights and I could
not believe when I'm when when I fly to
France after 10 hours is a stretch
straight flight I land in France I'm in
another continent
star what is the fact what do you make
of that and what point were you making
Thank You ahmud my point is I am not
against the idea of having a trade
agreement
actually I am for it but what I am
saying is the trade regional trade
bloc's didn't work I think what we
should concentrate and what African
leaders should concentrate now is to
make those trade bloc's work first and
then learn draw lessons from them and
one is that happiness and we have
sufficient empirical data to support the
continuation of those trade box regional
trade works then we can come to the
larger issue of having an African trade
bloc but we are jumping to a bigger
issue while we cannot actually solve a
small problem so that is where the
discontent is and that is where the
African ruling elite are actually far
apart from what is happening in their
own countries politically and
economically and laundry you know
obviously there's something we haven't
discussed which is and perhaps it's not
because we're four gentlemen here
speaking about an entire continent you
know I wish we could have had a woman
join us because we had a community
member who sent us a video that actually
brings up a very good point they raised
a point about a trade deal about how
this trade deal I should say
specifically could actually impact the
lives of cross-border traders who
actually most of whom are women take a
listen and the majority of informal
traders are women and 70% they face
specific and acute challenges the see
FTA provides a window of opportunity not
only to boost trade but to improve the
spread of its benefits advance human
rights and tackle poverty for this to
happen it must be alive to the
challenges facing women in trade and
respond by ensuring women's
participation giving them information
providing resources and equipping them
with the necessary skills I couldn't
agree more
ok I for different reason one of which
is by lifting barriers women's small
entrepreneurs will not have to hide
anymore you help formalizing the economy
do not have to pay bribes when crossing
the border because you have the right to
do so
mm-hmm so it will be a progress for
small entrepreneurs I see that like
particularly that might be possible as
the video sales volume the boys say that
it will open opportunity but I'm looking
this with with another aspect that
really not only that this opening trade
and formalization could be an issue to
terminate those small business this will
open a window for big men to come in
with their big brother China and really
this woman that are benefitting right
now will never have a chance anymore and
looking at it in even issues of human
rights that you are talking this could
be really an issue that could really so
so you know we just lost the connection
there I think but I want to come to you
my thought very quickly because what you
were talking about Chris Conte is a very
important point and a lot of people are
outlining the freedom of movement as an
issue
dillan ones are saying we are not ready
for this deal free movement border on
security east and west africa have a lot
to deal with in terms of terrorism this
will just endanger everyone on the
continent very quickly move toward
terrorism something we haven't discussed
the problem yeah actually terrorism is a
huge problem in the African continent
especially in East Africa where we have
al-shabaab and is and I mentioned
earlier in my in my remarks that the
Kenya is actually erecting a physical
wall between Somalia and itself and
there are rationale is that we are
trying to block al-shabaab is entering
into into our country and I do
understand that but well however I do
believe there is some hypocrisy I have
to cut you off there forgive me there is
always some hypocrisy sadly when we
discussed these things but I do want to
point out in Ghost as saying watching a
jet stream and I want to smash the
screen I hate that analogy we want to
run before we can walk with regards to
the trade deal that is old school
thinking youth are ready to
I stopped holding us back maybe
aspirational but you know I think we
should end on a positive note and from a
woman no less gentlemen thanks for being
with us that is all from us today here
at the stream be sure to keep the
comments and suggestions coming on
YouTube and Twitter and of course at
aljazeera.com forward slash the stream
