the last debate before the elections on
Sunday
something Roberta and ELISA did not want
to miss I am worried about what is
already happening in Brazil we need to
tackle fascist ideas there is a complex
polarization of our society but we can't
forget what's been happening in Brazil
over the last few years it's important
we vote on Sunday so we can keep it's
democracy seven of the presidential
candidates attended the debate in Rio de
Janeiro the front-runner former Army
captain Gerald senado skipped the TV
Globo de velde citing doctor's orders
after being stabbed during a campaign
event one month ago instead he gave a
recorded interview to TV record owned by
an evangelical church at the same time
that the debate was happening no they
cannot call me corrupt I have always
fought for the union of all Brazilians
however the leftist divided us the
Workers Party did not work and they
betrayed workers in the country
second-place candidate Fernando Haddad
who was handpicked by jailed former
President Luiz in√°cio Lula da Silva has
been trying to prove that his party is
the solution for Brazil the Workers
Party has been trying to turn things
around by posting a video comparing
volson ro with Adolf Hitler but the
strategy so far has failed to turn polls
around has increased in recent days but
some analysts saying that he could win
and the first round ballot and the
reasons why are many analysts say
Brazilians are voting against corruption
and against the Workers Party whose
image has been tarnished by the largest
corruption scandal in Brazil's history
it can only be explained by the
abandonment of the state these are the
people who suffered most in brazil's
crisis in the last three years with
violence unemployment and corruption so
maybe they prefer to have a little bit
of hope of getting jobs
even if that means producing democracy
South America's largest democracy is
heading to the polls on Sunday the
results will indicate which path Brazil
chooses to take della Sera al Jazeera
Sao Paulo
