I am Vinton Michinoku boa and I'm a
Pacific cl√©ment worried
and I'm industry hi i'm mohammed evidene
and you're in the stream now live on
youtube today
oceans polluted with plastic how is our
addiction to convenient throwaway
plastics harming the environment will
speak to activists working to clean
things up
a new study has found that the Great
Pacific Garbage Patch which is a slurry
of plastic trash in the waters between
Hawaii and California is up to 16 times
bigger than previously thought
covering an area three times the size of
France now the area was created by ocean
currents that collect trash and
broken-down remnants of plastic waste
called micro plastics and it's not the
only part of the ocean that's suffering
an estimated eight million tons of
plastic waste end up in our oceans each
year that's according to the United
Nations Environment Programme and if
nothing is done to address the problem
well by 2050 the amount of marine
plastic waste could surpass the total
weight of fish in the ocean think about
that so what should be done to address
marine plastic pollution while joining
me to discuss this from Delft in the
Netherlands we have local libera tone
and oceanographer with the ocean cleanup
that organization plans to launch the
first cleanup effort into the Great
Pacific Garbage Patch later this year
in Los Angeles Marcus Eriksen he is
co-founder of the 5 gyres Institute and
is its director of research we also have
Isabel Wyson co-founder of the bye-bye
plastic bags initiative in Bali and
Indonesia joining us and last but not
least in San Francisco she'll be show
tray senior communications officer with
break free from plastic that's a global
movement to stop plastic pollution
welcome to you all for an important
conversation LaVon I am I'm I want to
start with this study right you authored
the latest study of the Great Pacific
Garbage Patch it's the most dense
accumulation of ocean plastic in the
entire world is this just the tip of the
iceberg when it comes to plastic
pollution yes I think it is it's
noticeable but it's the highest greatest
accumulation zone for floating plastic
in the ocean now there's a lot of
plastic still missing we don't really
know where all the plastic that is
coming into the ocean is so this
probably the sea bed but we find passing
everywhere but the Great Pacific Garbage
Patch as we call it is the largest
accumulation zone for buy-ins plastic
and Marcus you know with that in mind I
mean is there a misconception when we
think about solving this this problem
what would you say is the biggest
misconception okay
I'm struggling to hear Marcus which
makes me wonder if anybody else can hear
Marcus in the meantime she'll be
anything anything that you can add about
what you think is the biggest
misconception
oh wait Marcus had muted himself and I
go to him then we'll come to yourself
Marcus go ahead okay so what I was gonna
say is that yes one of the biggest
misconceptions that there are these
islands of plastic trash floating in the
oceans that was a myth that was began by
by a lot of conflicting stories maybe 10
15 years ago we understand now is that
most of plastic out there are small
particles by count and they're far and
wide and the better analogy in southern
island is more like a smog of small
particles much the way we saw smog on
our skies over big cities today and that
has pushed the clean up efforts to be
more on land rather than at sea so that
misconception of islands of trash is a
myth that we had busted long ago well
you know Sophie I know I had and so it's
okay I had come to you I want to come to
you next but before I do we actually
have someone named Shilpa very closely
maybe related to you but no in all
seriousness she's chiming in with what
she thinks is the biggest misconception
saying firstly people are not aware of
the harm that it causes in fact I took a
long time for me to learn but after I
learned I'm slowly trying to eliminate
it that's her use of plastic that said
there's resistance to change I can see
in my building people do not segregate
waste
despite governments mandating it how big
is this problem and what is that biggest
misconception do you agree with what
Marcus said I fully agree with market
said and I think it's a great
observation from Shilpa as well I want
to say that plastic pollution is not
just a marine litter issue in fact
that's only the most visible part of the
problem we know one of the major
ramifications is ocean dumping the
plastic pollutes during the entire
course of its lifecycle from extraction
to production to disposal I also think
it's worth mentioning industry often
promote solutions like Bernie
plastic waste also known as incineration
or waste-to-energy a viable solution so
plastic is then merely transformed into
a more formidable form of toxic
pollution and it has grave health
impacts for nearby communities so break
free from plastic is looking at the
problems and solutions at a very
holistic level well Shelby you know with
that in mind I want to ask what we don't
know you know obviously you guys are
very well-informed that's why you're
here joining us but it seems in doing
the research like there's a lot that we
actually still don't know how is this
for example impacting our food systems
and I wonder if that may be you know if
you look at this Guardian article it
kind of draws attention to this question
this came out today
it says the plastics crisis is more
urgent than you know recycling bottles
won't fix it and then in small print
there it says a deposit scheme for
bottles won't make a scrap of difference
this stuff is in our food our clothes
and in us what do you make of that
Shelby I think that's a great new
question I want to address the extent of
plastics recycling towards the ocean
pollution problem simply this crisis
cannot be solved with recycling based on
a recent study from the University of
Georgia actually only 9% has been
recycled since the 1950s so most of our
recycling waste historically has been
shipped overseas to China until January
of this year when they made a strong
stance on protecting their own
environment and said no more we are not
taking your waste so now our waste is
unfortunately going to be diverted to
countries like Malaysia Vietnam and
India areas of the world that have very
different waste management systems than
we do here and we're not even doing a
good job with our own recycling so we
need to stem the production of more
plastic because it cannot be absorbed by
recycling it's a false sense of security
well and on that note of course you know
that's within the American kind of
mindset if you will but but on that note
we asked our our community you know
should we ban single-use plastics and we
got some interesting responses LaVon
to put one of them to UV Josh D'Souza
saying absolutely people's addiction to
plastic must be cut by banning
single-use ones and bring an alternate
eco-friendly products in India for
example you get to see plastic littered
everywhere
our cities are turning into waste heaps
with no effective planning of recycling
this needs to stop
look no one's gonna argue that this
shouldn't stop but how much Devin how
much damage have we done collectively I
mean are we at a point of no return
well I think you know we're probably
gonna find plastic in the ocean forever
you know whether it's in fibers and
micro plastics and so on so I don't
think there's any turning back from that
now you know that doesn't mean that you
know we cannot try to divert the curve
and and yeah like basically like you
know diverting use of single-use
plastics and reducing and and and trying
to find like alternatives to you know
use of plastic it's definitely you know
one way to go of course and Markus what
do you think of all this I mean
especially with the attention that's
been put on the Great Pacific Garbage
Patch I know there's been a lot of
attention put on that it's just the tip
of the iceberg done yes of course III
think you if you look with what's in the
oceans that was a great place for us to
sort of get the world paying attention
to it but all the solutions are
happening up on land you know the middle
the ocean is the is the epitome of the
tragedy of the Commons you can't point
to a country and you can't point to a
company in the middle of nowhere but if
you go up on land you begin to identify
the product types but also the brands so
you've got a country that's on their
beaches and their rivers on their
streets and you've also got brand
associations and that's we're seeing
change happen one great example was when
we discovered microbeads and the Great
Lakes very quickly you pointed to US
policy and companies like Johnson
Johnson Procter & Gamble that make
microbeads within a couple years we had
Obama signing you know federal
legislation so I think otherwise I took
of the iceberg you're seeing more and
more organizations for example the break
free from plastic movement well over a
thousand organizations we're asking the
same things we want the brand's if we're
gonna you know harp on recycling all the
time you
to have upstream design for recycling if
we did that you'd likely end up with
none of these singers throwaway plastics
in society any longer well well and on
that point I mean that's a great point
that you bring up looking at this tweet
there's a tweet here from McDonald's UK
news that came out today we're pleased
to announce that from May will be
trialing paper straws in restaurants and
moving our recyclable plastic straws
behind the counter is this enough I mean
you know I guess I'm not trying to be a
cynic here but you know we have a we
have a tweet from bin strap kind of
outlining something that came up in our
meetings you know before we went live on
air we were talking about well how do we
actually solve this kind of protracted
problem especially with what you brought
up Marcus and it occurred to me what
about stopping production of plastic I
know that seems naive but bin straps
saying we need to stop plastic pollution
at the source of the problem if we don't
stop all this plastic entering the
environment rivers and oceans we will
never stop taking it back out it's the
cart before the horse situation Shelby
what do you make of that this is exactly
what break free from plastic is all
about we're about source reduction now
because there is too much plastic in the
system and we are unique as a movement
and when you compare it to individual
organizations or even coalition's
because we are working at all points in
the system like I mentioned before so
from extraction do to disposal and we do
this by addressing root causes rather
than cleanups and end of pipe measures
and campaign for systemic change around
the world and we're certainly going
after the industry and corporations to
hold them accountable in fact we have a
campaign going on right now targeting
Starbucks because they have still not
been able to give us a hundred percent
recyclable cup and they are sending four
billion plastic lined cups to our
landfills and waterways each year you
can follow along on Starbucks trash fast
hashtag Starbucks - if you're interested
Isabel Isabel can you Kenya can you hear
me hi all right we oh you can hear me
fantastic
I you know I don't know if you were able
to hear what's good connection just
glitched out no worries so you know what
I wanted to ask you there was a video
that went viral recently of a tourist
that was scuba diving I believe in Bali
and it's kind of I hope we can play it
for our audience because you know
Bobby's been in the news a lot and when
we saw this video it's really alarming I
think for people who don't think about
this you see this video and it's it's
quite shocking
so Isabel I want to ask you you know
based on this video based on your life I
mean this is happening where you live is
this what inspired you to start the
bye-bye bag campaign in Bali yeah
definitely you know being aware of the
what was happening to the environment
around us as ten and twelve year olds
which was the age me and my sister were
when we founded by plastic bags but I
mean looking around you know seeing this
in our everyday lives it's not good
science to see that plastic is an issue
but I think would also really gave us
this final push to start is a lesson in
class we had about changemakers and
world leaders and that opened up the
question you know what can we do as kids
on the island of Bali how can we make a
difference and so we started doing all
this research and you know brainstorming
I so remember we had all the papers out
on the bench mm-hm and we were just
thinking you know all the different
issues Bali was facing and there were
quite a few but I think the one that
connected back to me Amati so much was
the garbage issue just because it
affected your everyday lives right here
in Bali it's so in-your-face whether
you're walking or swimming plastic is
constantly surrounding you so yeah that
video is a very you know real
representation what is you know
happening in Bali but I think something
that I also want to add to that video
that is maybe not added in the public
version that went viral is that there
are a lot of efforts on Bali to tackle
this issue right and it's not only by
plastic bags that there are you know
easily like 50 organizations all working
together in Bali to tackle this garbage
issue so that's something I also wanted
to highlight that you know we're not all
sitting back and just watching Bali you
know being destroyed well I'm glad that
you did and I don't know what our other
yes make of your initiative you know not
to suggest that it's not important of
course it is and I you know use the word
real representation I hope you're a real
representation of the next generation
how people are going to take matters
into their own hands but no what do you
make of not just that initiative but but
where is the solution I mean obviously
it seems like it's gonna have to be
compounded with a few different efforts
but what's the most important well I
think no really what the most important
is is to like combine like absolutely
agree with you know what the guys said
before it's it's about you know working
all together at joint firing solution
and this two point is one closing the
tap like stopping plastic to enter the
ocean and to clean up the mess right and
and I think that's that's how we you
know we're gonna like solve that issue
but that's gonna require a lot of effort
from everyone working together like from
citizen to cooperation to governments to
NGOs everyone like you know we all
facing the same problem and and yeah
it's it's for us to do it I guess so
what is your group doing specifically to
clean up the ocean so the ocean clean up
foundation is looking at technologies
basically to try to remove plastic from
the ocean rather than removing it from
from the coastline when you bitches and
so you know going back to basically the
Great Pacific Garbage Patch I mean you
know one of basically the issue that you
know one of the results we bring in in
the study is that okay most of it is
made of micro plastics if you talk about
the number of pieces right but if you
talk about the available material the
experiment in the water most of it is
actually large degrees right and all
these large degrees that's you know 92%
of 18,000 tons you make the math is just
basically slowly degrading into micro
plastics right so basically the the the
winning behind that is is to go out
there and try to clean that up you know
as soon as possible obviously this has
to be combined with source reduction
initiatives and policies so then you
know we don't end up like cleaning up
forever right and yeah and you know I I
have to ask you know it seems like you
know you made the distinction between
what you know Isabelle is doing in terms
of the coastlines you're focusing
obviously on the oceans
and that's how you collected all your
data but because this is an interactive
show I'm gonna try to come to the tweet
that we just got if you'd bear with me
this just came in from Kyla Diab
probably presumably listening to
everything we've been discussing saying
though by the time and initiatives
rolled out to reduce one kind of plastic
waste the economy has created half a
dozen new ones to contend with it's like
a tsunami of plastic lo ha I see that
you're kind of smiling and nodding I'd
love to hear from you what you make of
that and then I'll come to you Marcus
LaVon no but I just you know that just
shows you know the huge challenge that
we have in front of us because I mean if
you look at forecast for like plastic
production over the next decade like I
mean you know we're running into into
trouble they are right and so I think
really like the time to act is now in
terms of you know implementing policies
and having international cooperation and
and really like you know work worked
what's like you know concrete solutions
basically okay go ahead we'll go to
Marcus then you can come back guys
remember ladies gentlemen feel free to
jump in right okay now that I said that
of course no one's gonna do my cause I
think that we've seen the world go in
the direction of there's a circular
economy
you see many organizations now we're
talking about you know the old adage
that you know you can make something
throw it away when there is no place any
treasure makers in a land in someone's
backyard with all kinds of social
justice implications or in someone's
environment where a psychological damage
so circular economies are happening but
all this work is happening on land you
know while I agree with Lorant that
cleanup in the mid ocean is is a good
thing for the fishing gear because most
of what they found and he and their
report is his spot on what some was by
far fishing gear I think 46 percent nets
and the rest was predominately fishing
buoys fish and throws and so forth so
addressing the fishing industry and
doing cleanup and that stuff is very
important but the majority vast majority
of work being done to solve the issue is
on land building circular economies and
responsibility for all the negative
externalities harm to people in the
planet shall be desiring true yeah I
completely agree
Marcus and I think you know going fat
and I mean I'm just like Isabelle was
saying um people in Bali are not just
sitting by and watching their oceans
fill up with garbage I think there's a
lot of blame happening towards
communities in Southeast Asia and I
think it's important we also understand
there's a lot of innovation coming out
of these areas so we have positive live
examples of zero waste communities and
cities happening in Philippines and
Indonesia and India zero waste for those
of you that don't know is the direction
for cities to divert materials away from
landfills and incinerators and to
maximize opportunities for compost
recycling and reuse so it's all about
conserving resources and empowering the
community and I do have a tangible
example of San Fernando and the
Philippines manages to divert 70% of
their waste from the landfill with no
incineration actually it's illegal in
the Philippines to incenter well well I
just if you don't mind I don't want to
cut you off I know Isabelle's trying to
get in there I told you guys to dump in
there so we'll hear from her go ahead
what did you want to say I think she
might have wanted to add to your point
is about yeah definitely I wanted to add
to those points because you know living
in Indonesia the second largest
contributor to plastic pollution in the
oceans you know of course saying no to
plastic bags isn't the final solution
and we definitely understand that there
are five years of campaigning but
realistically you have to start
somewhere right and going back to the
question before you know whether
recycling was the final issue here in
Bali you know we don't have a proper
waste management system to even provide
recycling to the general public so what
we are trying to do a lot is change the
mindset you know through education
because of course say you know two
plastic bags that's just the first step
and like you guys were all saying you
know it really it really rolls out in
two steps which is you know the
prevention of plastic but then also
cleaning it up all around that's already
out there in the oceans on land there's
just a point that I wanted to say that
you know even the smallest actions may
not have the biggest effect but you
you have to start somewhere no I
definitely agree that that's the right
attitude and that's the right attitude
to have your right to bring that up and
I saw that you know the gentleman on the
program we're agreeing with you and I
would imagine Sophie as well
because you brought this up but we're
talking about Indonesia and then how
serious the problem is and what the
solutions might be I want to share a
video comment that came in from teaser
athira take a listen to this she's the
executive director of the Indonesian bag
diet movement take a listen plastic is a
huge problem in Jakarta it takes up the
bulk of landfill space it clogs up
waterways and rivers and directly
contributes to the flooding that Jakarta
often experiences and it still handed up
for free we've pushed for a plastic bag
charge trial to be enacted nationwide in
2016 it was successful in in reducing
the amount of plastic bag use by 55
percent during the trial and it directly
led to one city in Indonesia called
Banjarmasin to completely ban plastic
bags so Isabela's plastics recycling
enough to do this and what do you make
of her comment quickly
um well definitely you know I believe
that Bali needs to put in place some
sort of waste management system whether
that be recycling compost even waste
pickup services but slowly you do see
that the government is trying to
implement different changes and just
quickly if I can add on to that you know
Indonesia's government committed to
reduce their plastic waste by 70 percent
by 2000 2025 right and if we look at
that that's only seven years away and
today we see them you know having lots
of meetings about different action plans
but whether the action is gonna follow
through after that you know is still
it's still a question of course then
there are gonna be some why go ahead
markets go ahead let's hear from Marcus
yeah so I'm glad is it I was saying all
these things the reason why you know
Indonesia is in the hot seat is because
you know about two years ago there was a
paper by Jenna jammed at that pointing
to the top 20 countries and then Laurent
LeBron LaRhonda Burton he published a
paper the top 20 rivers the latest
research is now it's not
the oceans it's focused on looking at
that land to see connection and it's
calling out countries I can tell you we
had the the six International Marine
Erie conference two weeks ago the
biggest conference on this issue and the
first session the first day the first
keynote was a Ministry of the
Environment Minden Eva mm-hmm so that
the research now is putting countries in
the hot seat we need the same kind of
attention toward brands so you showed
McDonald's committing to paper straws I
think that's great but when they say
they're gonna recycle plastic straws I
wonder really who's gonna do that it's
gonna collect those straws and turn them
back in the straw yes and obviously we
need more engagement and obviously
engagement behavior all very important
things I do want to draw our attention
because Shelby you brought up India
before we wrap we got this tweet saying
because for those of you who don't know
Maharashtra which is a region there
passed that ban this year on single-use
plastic items like plastic bags utensils
containers Namrata Singh says I think it
was a long awaited announcement the
government had shared their intention
months ago those who chose to pay heed
have been exploring alternatives through
many individuals communities and even
shops are still choosing to ignore it
but the ban is here it is real just like
this conversation was quite real there's
so much to discuss you know but we did
run out of time for this conversation
but at the stream as you may know for
the die-hard viewers the conversation
always continues so I want to thank you
all LaVon Isabel Marcus Shelby for
sharing your expertise I love it when
some of the guests agree especially you
know to hear how I'll do you is about 15
15 years old and everyone was was
nodding not to patronize you but it is
inspiring so that's that's it for today
thanks for watching remember you can
always leave your comments questions at
streamed aljazeera.com
