Kristopher wireless extraordinary
revelations are now casting a shadow
over democratic elections on both sides
of the Atlantic here he was speaking to
a UK government committee explaining how
he knew that public opinion had been
unlawfully manipulated before the
referendum which is leading to the UK
leaving the European Union to
irrevocably alter the constitutional
settlement of this country on fraud is a
mutilation of the constitutional
settlement of this country and you
cannot call yourself a lever you cannot
call yourself somebody who believes in
British law and and and win by breaking
British law in order to achieve a wall
while his central claim is at the
campaign group to leave the European
Union hired an offshoot of Cambridge
analytical the data mining company
accused of harvesting personal details
of millions of people through Facebook
and manipulating opinions in an attempt
to put Donald Trump in the White House
the company he said had subverted
elections for his own aims in countries
including Nigeria and Trinidad now it
was doing the same in the UK this is a
company that will send out videos of
people being murdered to intimidate
voters this is the company that goes out
and tries to elicit lis acquire you know
live internet browsing data of everyone
in an entire country so I think a lot of
questions should be asked about the role
of aggregate IQ in this election and
whether they were indeed actually
compliant with the law here to answer
this it had already been claimed the
leave campaign broke UK election law by
using campaign funds unlawfully
allegations the leave camp denies but in
an emergency debate in Parliament MPs
hostile to brexit have begun to demand
the referendum results be declared null
and void inherently untrustworthy if the
allegations are true and that a
potentially six hundred twenty five
thousand pounds was spent illegally in a
very focused targeted campaign which by
definition would be focused and targeted
on
very small number of people then I think
it's very hard to predict the in the the
effect that that would have had the law
is the law and nobody is above it at
least one prominent MP who backs the
leave campaign said he agreed with the
need for a criminal inquiry so it's
ended up in a situation where you get
newspaper headlines like this
questioning not just the ethical value
but the sheer legality of the vote to
leave the European Union of course
supporters of brexit would say the
entire thing is a made-up plot to
discredit a democratic decision but in
this Hall of Mirrors it's becoming
increasingly difficult to know what's
real and what's fake
Lawrence Lee al jazeera Westminster in
London
