a train like the one used by Kim
jong-un's father eases out of Beijing
railway station heading towards North
Korea no clue as to who might be on
board earlier a motorcade brings the
center of Beijing to a standstill
excited office workers capture the
moment convinced that it's him Kim
jong-un but China's foreign ministry
spokesman was not so sure unable to
explain who the mystery visitor might be
well more tiempo da da I'm not aware of
any information at present three further
questions about whether Kim was in
Beijing were batted away there would be
no big announcement here is it possible
that you wouldn't know I suggest you go
home and have dinner and carry on with
your life she said throughout the day
other parts of Beijing were also no-go
areas for journalists including the road
close to the state guesthouse where the
visiting delegation was thought to be
staying
if Kim jong-un really has been in
Beijing it would mark his first visit
outside of North Korea since becoming
the country's leader more than six years
ago during that time his relations with
Chinese leaders have gone from good to
testy as he defies appeals to halt his
missile and nuclear programs but now
it's possible that normal service has
resumed and North Korean and Chinese
leaders are talking again Adrian Brown
al Jazeera
Beijing
