water we all depend on it we need it for
drinking washing and growing the food we
eat sir qingchun on the west coast of
Peninsular Malaysia is known for its
paddy fields
it's where Asia's most important staple
food rice is grown
yup you grew up here and used to be a
farmer till he retired ten years ago
there is no problem during the rainy
season when it's the dry season we have
to irrigate the fields and there have
been times when we didn't have enough
water for that it's rare it's happened
those were difficult times there water
for the fields comes from a nearby river
researchers say agriculture will
continue to be the largest user of water
in Asia it accounts for around 80
percent of water use and demand is going
to go up as the population in
asia-pacific grows a study commissioned
by the Asian Development Bank projects a
55 percent increase water is not only a
source of life it's also a source of
energy used to generate hydro
electricity and in thermal electricity
plants the mighty Mekong River which
flows through six countries starting in
China and ending in Vietnam has been
harnessed for this reason communities
living in the downstream States say the
construction of dams has upset the
ecosystems and threatened the livelihood
of millions of people highlighting the
competing demands for water so there's
no alternative source for water and we
are not the only depending on water for
our domestic uses space a lot of
alternative uses so the demand have
actually increased and if our is to
accommodate already mind we have to make
sure that our water supply is available
the state of water security in Asia
depends on how government's manage this
precious resource rivers and lakes can
be kept clean of pollution to ensure the
waterways stay healthy productivity can
be increased providing more crops for
each unit of water because rising
populations and climate change are
likely to put an even greater strain or
water supplies Florence Lee al-jazeera
sekinchan Malaysia
