it's barely seven o'clock in the morning
but these two are already late
coach entire Chateau is busy warming up
his students something he is done here
in Baku G for the past 30 years this
rural village almost 3000 metres above
sea level in the Ethiopian highlands is
at first glance just like any other but
world-class athletes are born and bred
here determination in their hard work
and also the weather for instance if you
bring an athlete from somewhere else it
will be difficult for them to breathe at
least for the first few weeks once you
get used to the altitude will be fine
then once you get back to the ground
level it will be much easier there's
been a lot of debate and research as to
why this small rural village is produced
so many world-class long-distance
runners now one thing is certain the
dedication and determination of these
young men and women to make it and it's
very possible that you'll be seeing one
or more of them at future world sporting
events according to coach anti-you 17
year old mercer toughie is one to watch
we asked her about her dreams my dream
like other successful athletes from my
village like tarnish and Ginza bata Baba
and others I want to run in the Olympics
and I want to break the records and I
can see that in my dreams for many
running offers the only way out of this
village life can be difficult children
tend to cattle and help take care of the
family from an early age there is
incredible pride in those who went from
here to international sporting Fame that
can be seen at the local government
office proudly displayed on the wall
posters of local heroes Olympic
medalists and world record holders coach
in Tahu shows us his training logbook at
home
entries Victor and eshte Baba from when
she was 13 years old she's now the 5000
meter world-record holder and remains
the youngest ever female world champion
winning gold at just 18
it's these role models that are
inspiring this new generation all are
determined but not all will make it the
coach says it's essentially down to hard
work and that's something many of these
teenagers are already used to further
inspired by the fact that dreaming big
in this small village of Olympic gold
and World Records really can come true
Stephanie Decker al Jazeera by Koji in
central Ethiopia
