the tools of the trade this spy
equipment was found in the possession of
four Russian agents in a car parked
outside the headquarters of the chemical
weapons watchdog the OPCW back in April
at the time the OPCW was independently
analyzing the Nava chock used to attack
sergei and julius cripple in salisbury
as well as identifying the substance
used in an attack against civilians in a
Syrian town of Duma the giu operation
was aimed at hacking and infecting the
Wi-Fi network of the OPCW from close
quarters we call that a so-called close
access hack operation when they were
discovered the Russian spies trying to
destroy some of their equipment but one
of their laptops showed they had also
been in Malaysia trying to access the
investigation into the shooting down of
the passenger jet MH 17 over Ukraine
allegedly by a Russian buk missile the
timing of the Dutch announcement came
just hours after a report on Russian
hacking by the British national
cybersecurity center part of the
government's GCHQ spy agency the NCSC
assessment concluded that hacker groups
calling themselves fancy bear sandworm
and voodoo bear are actually just the
Russian military intelligence agency the
GRU the Russian Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman reacted scornfully to the
British statements indiscriminately in
one file may be a nina ricci fragrance
file everything was mixed up GRU cyber
spies Kremlin's hackers wada what a
hellish perfume mix the vivid
imagination of our colleagues from the
UK has no boundaries indeed who comes up
with all this but the pressure on Russia
was further intensified at the meeting
of NATO defence ministers in Brussels
what we're doing by acting with our
allies by actually isolating Russia
exposing the fact that these are in
actions of a state that is acting in a
reckless and indiscriminate manner this
is not the actions of a great power this
is a reactions of a pariah state and
then the US Justice Department weighed
in indicted on Russian GRU agents in
connection to
a series of hacking attacks as well as
charges of money laundering wire fraud
and identity theft it is evident from
the allegations in today's indictment
that the defendants believed that they
could use their anonymity to act with
impunity in their own countries and on
the territories of other sovereign
nations to undermine international
institutions and to distract from their
government's own wrongdoing they were
wrong most of the world's advanced spy
agencies conduct cyber espionage but
this wave of intense coordinated
diplomatic pressure on Russia highlights
the sense that even by the shadowy
standards of international spying Russia
has overstepped the boundaries of what
is acceptable
Paul Brennan al-jazeera
