just got a call from the Starbucks by
red arrow Park I say there's almost kind
of sleep in everyone in China it's
blackmail 30 to 40 years old
12:46 146 shots fired shots fired
officer involved one person is shot and
killed by Milwaukee police in the heart
of downtown Milan she says the suspect
grabbed the officers baton and started
beating him with it you understand that
this is the initial version of events
today is the grand opening tea party for
the mother's ward just a circle so for
now I'll just put it there I'm going to
be introduced to the mothers that are
going through the same type of pain I am
okay
I still got my days I still have my
nights and it's been 15 years right
you know her son was shot 14 times I was
shot seven you're shot six that's why
I'm here and I thank God that I'm here
you know
dontre was my brilliant child he never
showed any signs of any kind of paranoid
or schizophrenic he was normally had a
driver's license he paid it all bills we
start seeing signs when he would say
things like did you eat it you don't
leave that on April 30th
dontre went to read a part something
that he frequently did throughout his
life he was sitting in the park and the
manager at Starbucks called the police
to have dontre be moved because she
thought he was a homeless man
the first code the police officers
answered her call and they came out and
they had to discussion without tray and
they went and told her they found that
he wasn't doing anything wrong
when the call came to dispatch it went
to Christopher manney the beat cop and
they kind of got into back and forwards
to the point where the officer grabbed
his baton out in the shrugged out tray a
couple times which at the time
I'm very ticked at the time and from
there you have the officer standing
dontre struck him you have witnessed
sanded dontre never heard hit the
officer we were told that Christopher
manney jumped just try to retrieve
dumper time from dontre and he missed
and he pulled his gun out and he shot my
baby 14 times
i sat on a couch for two months and I
believe I owe two months I was a shock
I felt like I had nothing and I felt
along they're saying that that Trey was
homeless and he just crazy gets a
frantic and that's why he was shy thou
art with me thy rod and thy staff they
comfort me
thou prepareth the table before me in
the presence of mine
all right you said my son pushed him now
he hit him in his head I was like we
don't know if that's true that's only
two people know then who and have one of
them is dead right they're killing
people that don't have weapons all they
have to say is I feared for my life
after they murder people these are the
ones that died this year I found out
that justice wasn't served in any of
these cases and it was overwhelming
all right thank you sweetheart it was
good hearing from you and I'm praying
for you
and and be strong the founder of mothers
for justice uniting I decided to name
this March the Million Moms March not
really expecting it to get as big as it
has tell you a little bit about the trip
we're leaving here we're going to
Washington DC May 9th May 9th is my
birthday and that's ray was buried on
May 9th Maria Hamilton is the main
organizer and will lead a Mother's Day
march that will take place Saturday of
this week and they're going to be
meeting with people in the White House
you have been incredible calling people
to accountability organizing other
mothers meeting these moms and doing the
research brought me to this place that
I'm at I'm not sure if I lost a child in
such a terrible violent way if I would
have the courage or the strength I just
want to praise you ladies for having the
courage to speak up
I also personally believe that there
should be some form of a civilian panel
yes that is involved as well
we're headed to talk to staffers about
police brutality and vigilante killings
so nervous were going to give them out
demand a national call for the DOJ to
help special prosecutors people that do
not have any kind of links to the police
officers or the DA's office hopefully we
can get cases reopen and possibly get
justice for their kids life
we didn't do the script that was
proposed that's his life definite
reality the voice that we gave today it
might have been crying but I think they
heard his stuff because everybody seemed
like they just wanted to break down at
any given second and then I think once
unless I think they don't cry
I have post-traumatic stress disorder I
take medication to keep the fresh bags
away - my son was shot and killed in my
home and my face in front of me and my
daughter there Brooke had drawn the
tears in the shoe team tenth time I've
been trying to piece together
it is so many moms that didn't feel
anybody care that has doing forces with
us and there's no stuff in there
we're sitting here waiting and while
we're waiting more babies are dying so
much violence and it needs to stop the
way doctor I die and I learn how to
fight
I will be back here every year I make
sure the thief oh they don't then are
thinking human body
that tray was bigger than life
I am rapping I see him with his great
Jordans
but what I enjoy most is a smile we are
considering stars some others for
justice chapters all over the United
States I wanna have a national
organization I'm determined to get
change so mother's for justice gives me
hope
career llama llama rapido - pudding
Eskander me - de que el compañero
Aldo Gutierrez el Circo no he's our only
parara
que yo meta mentally param tiro de
cabeza the sentences are indeed o una
night on 43 students have been missing
since September 26 2014 the young men
were returning from a protest in the
city of Iguala when municipal police
opened fire on a convoy of buses the
group that comes near they were studying
at a rural teacher training college
known as escuela normal Royale de
Atacama which has a history of left-wing
political activism
Sol Bruno Garcia the massacre having a
portable elder meow lado de me yo me
gusta que me diga who Lisa porque es él
tiene Mucha sima parsy
11th hour ago I was a savant oh yes
Sarah her sister terribly
look at matok welcome when I wander in
today's modern technology procurement it
took me ten a mooching of the planet
known as a company I have a boy Gorgon
Widow in la calle boy Yuma levantó
pensando pues qué me go in porque el
momento puede Yaga amico Christian
Rodriguez del hombre está siendo puerta
y que no se sienta solo que su Padres
Mama's hermanos estamos Carla air
Airways uno de los países mess pour a
semi co-pays a las familias con sus
hijos Descalzos con duty hose in ropa
esta gente que que no tiene dia dia para
para el comiendo
estas quail ax la esperanza de muchas
familias de la esperanza de muchos
chavos que quieran seguir adelante que
tienen ganas de salir adelante y puede
mas que nada or a chicken dekita novena
los ojos ugrad see even la realidad
las normally release a clarinha partir
de la revolucion y cual la fin des
revolución tierra Liberata yuck ASEAN
para is nosy compazine el gobierno tanto
federales at all to lodukku municipal
paradise fre Sara's normally Rolly rocky
I know getting a new Casio
yucky contam was a grassy Amenti consist
Emma's and on the Opera policías from
pews common corruption on the narco
traffic on nosotros somos el in Quentin
nosotros somos estudiantes que busca
Mo's in Europe
Mexico's Attorney General says iguales
mayor and wife were likely the
masterminds behind the events under
their orders local police are accused of
detaining the students before handing
them to the Guerrero's Latinos drug game
their disappearance has triggered a wave
of demonstrations el gobierno estado
jugando con o sentimientos de los padres
de los algunos de Hayek Sonata diciendo
que es en un momento estar muerto
nuestros compañeros en otro momento
decir que estan vivo
Donatello confianza please Allah pay her
not rose mobile Familia no no tenemos
confianza la verdadera never been to
cantos okay guess that'd be really cool
the hint is having Turkey
this is not a manifesto in the up waste
chaos again
seller collected Quattro penalties
include on a second master called a
ahora su Pierre mother Lois a the
revolution that revolution the
consenting
Camero doodle made you mommy
you talk like this you mrs. Fletcher or
cool night gets me kitchen anything gets
me kitchen all of us having mr. media
much other then I'm gonna be honest
other Latinos let you cookies 11 chasing
Network and allow 11 on 11 Obama
Jonnie scent makes that much bitch
achari aloo
air cannon Kolkata chalk chalk and chalk
hose leader
Giavanna bill midi between Salalah are
normal insulin dr. Nigel may be rock
solid are sahaja Miss Kim is not angel
Dakini religious beliefs and Anita
mukada ricotta aired young scholar
cosider in an alum kid Union any scholar
ejector Bo varsity Candis Cayne sinner
like coronary bhula chuka she dated a
bazillion other OS gay gentleman
Ronan abd tentacle admission masseur in
sonoran Chandni Chowk GT another
circular milanesa be polished she did a
lemon Dolan in Sundaram yes al are
cautious and ejector and and Allah
butl wash it away learning ally China in
earlier who saw ulama year Parkin yes
Aladdin the Hardy will shake in the East
region in Europe busy machine
when you see with medicine for alarm see
Alicia tell them Harry era although the
hog dessert bar chicken will be held all
my abash not be licked a younger cheetah
trim dunya
Tom Hashimoto Perry keys are the most
abraca missing biri biri music and each
items and candy goes duplieren Slovak
Arabic Santa's adige biri biri message
tomorrow
really
Theresa Oh to say a diamond you say we
make choco la la la or is Dan our
balerion Mitchell sure amber our top
seller andrewsl miscegenation egged me
on Sherman Bankhead America's Lauren and
Nikki and Elena Sandow caliber canola
candy candy land only yakitori Allah
Allah Allah Roomba Jared anger durable
enchantment
excellent - hilarious numbered ownership
per MacLeod vulnerable if a lot about
McClure and Schiaparelli Obama solid
ishe dad Chuck madhurima Lima Zulu sama
sunshine cursory Larry Brock solomon
century disposal video so sand hips in
the brackish a Brock saw a shark Zoila
Oh non-appearance dicta push me a
bastard or you'll do tomorrow machine
take good Jim also stay here and again
you adults wanna take
Benna Rubicon understood okay we just
touched me later than a Carver Jake's is
very alert Tarija gosh medicines boom
our camera the Batali has a reserve
battalion not to ejections on chamber
elevate indium inshallah Palazzo Turkish
periodical Indonesian Gudivada column
major : Alana's kabbala dilemmas Aslam
now listen Josh amo Susanna so
courageous
morado Milan is your honor his son
arugula no basket attorney he said
Melanie Spears this learnin barn
children is mr. Y media local cattle a
case Baca dollar bill douche major
gerakan initially I listen and guru
Sheila Rancho de la vaca Sheila Cornish
Wasilla a photo a fleur-de-lis she'll
ever L do leash bismillah - Katie - di
village Tadasana may be resemble
although the additional virtual Kiera on
the rim indiscernible didn't our son is
married
yes the Opera is given dominant Ong Ong
said domina dominance onus an auditor
says village' bus the bus says current
Ebola need it be so wrong about you shut
mrs. Hassan Khalid Abu rabu murdered our
military heroes give me money
Fabio Sammy Hagar sorry did you issue a
girl red deck or a girl
Oh
hey they fit in it how much gardener Tim
do yo Elish Tillman near tinted austin
de Bourgh para la Becky the elucidation
a inshallah go check - delicious
