the Trump administration had said it
would expel Russian diplomats if its
allies also did so in a coordinated
action and on Monday that coordination
was revealed countries across Western
and Eastern Europe and Canada joined the
u.s. in the expulsion z-- the British
prime minister expressed her gratitude
for the international solidarity
following what the UK alleges was a
Russian nerve agent attack on a former
Russian double agent and his daughter in
an English town this is the largest
collective expulsion of Russian
intelligence officers in history I have
found great solidarity from our friends
and partners in the EU North America
NATO and Beyond over the past three
weeks as we have confronted the
aftermath of the Salisbury incident the
Russian ambassador to the u.s. expressed
his concern the deal would she wouldn't
you said in your niche that I Medicare
what the United States of America is
doing today they are destroying what
little remained of US Russian ties I
would add that all the responsibility
for ruining russian-american relations
is on the United States of America what
Slama however a different tone was
struck on Twitter the Russian embassy
asking the public for suggestions on
which US consulate to now close in
Russia US officials said their
explosions weren't just about standing
with the UK but about curtailing
Russia's covert operations against US
national security they presented all of
those being expelled from the Russian
embassy the Seattle consulate and the UN
as part of a pool of some 100 agents
Moscow currently has in the country
administration officials here said that
with these expulsion some 40 Russian
spies would remain in the US but that
Russia's covert operations would be
severely curtailed in all three
statements from the White House the
State Department and the u.s. is UN
mission there was unequivocal agreement
with the UK that Russia was behind the
chemical weapon attack something that
Donald Trump has sounded less convinced
off in his statement so far she Abbott
and C al Jazeera Washington
