three years after launching air strikes
in Yemen Saudi Arabia is under attack
put the rebels 5-7 missile too deep into
its territory on Sunday warning there's
more to come so a Saudi now more
vulnerable and does anyone know how or
when the war will end this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam the options between
bad and worse
that's how Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman defends the Saudi military
intervention in Yemen after three years
the situation could not be any worse
10,000 killed in the fighting thousands
more dead from the worst recorded
outbreak of cholera and millions facing
famine the UN calls Yemen the world's
worst humanitarian crisis while the
internationally recognized government of
Yemen has found itself undermined by
competing interests in the saudi-led
coalition the Houthis have shown no
signs of ceding ground and now they've
targeted Riyadh and three other Saudi
cities with missiles Osama bin Javed has
more as the Rockets rained down there
were moments of panic this is what's
left of a missile fired by Houthi rebels
in Yemen which targeted the Saudi
capital Riyadh on Sunday another
fragment landed on an island on a busy
road a barrage of seven ballistic
missiles were intercepted by Saudi
Arabia's air defense multiple social
media users posted videos of the u.s.
Patriot missile defense system used by
the South II military at least one
Egyptian resident was killed in the
attack as forensic teams collect
evidence the Saudi coalition is again
blaming Iran for arming the Houthi
fighters the cuts force who have
operatives on the ground in Yemen have
helped the Houthis and the Yemeni Armed
Forces to basically augment the
capability of the missiles in order to
make them more capable and the the
Houthi say you know if you don't
negotiate with us we will continue with
more sophisticated weaponry more
missiles being fired and there will be
more dead on the side of Saudi Arabia
which is something they can't sustain
these types of attacks continue despite
the Saudi coalition announcing in 2015
that most of the Houthis ballistic
arsenal was destroyed the objective is
to continue to look for this kind of
missiles the targeted destroyed it we
believe that we destroy most of these
abilities thousands gathered in the
capital sana to mark three years since
the saudi-led coalition launched a
military campaign to fight the Houthis
in support of Yemen's government just
before the missile attacked the Houthi
leader talked about his group's
capabilities will use long-range drones
which have excellent military
capabilities we will activate the
military institutions in an
unprecedented way and open up more
opportunities to recruit the children
and men of our people to fight the
Houthis have been sharing images of the
destruction caused by Saudi attacks in
Yemen they said their missiles are acts
of revenge at least 10,000 people in all
sides have been killed in Yemen and
millions more suffer in what UN calls
the worst humanitarian crisis in recent
years and through all this the war
continues sama Ben Javed other there the
saudi-led coalition z' campaign of
airstrikes may have destroyed several
booty positions ammunition depots and
bases but has largely failed to make
significant military gains on the ground
the Iran backed rebels hold a capital
summer most of North Yemen and the
largest port of hadhe the pro saudi-led
coalition forces are in control of
mainly Central Yemen and areas to the
south including Aden but after a recent
rift between the heavy government and
the UAE separatists loyal to the
Emirates all around the city taking over
several government buildings and
institutions and al-qaida-affiliated
groups were quick to take advantage of
the split expanding their control of
territory in the south well let's bring
in our panel now from London Mohammed
zoom a columnist and editor at the AL
codes newspaper in Beirut Adam Baron
visiting fellow at the European Council
on Foreign Relations and from Djibouti
via Skype
Suz van Megan protection and advocacy
adviser and the Norwegian Refugee
Council welcome to you all
mr. Baron let me start with you the
Houthis have not only wood stood three
years of saudi-led coalition attacks but
have now increased their attacks on
Saudi women what does this say about
their military strength and their
capability right now
I think when you look at the houthis
resilience in I guess in the face of the
ongoing military operation led by this
out of the coalition it's key to sort of
compare sort of areas that you can refer
to as the houthis home turf with with
areas that they had that they don't have
a strong history and so if you look the
Ruthie's have sustained massive losses
if they lost control of aden which you
know their incursion to Aden was one of
the first things that really pushed
Saudi this out of the coalition to begin
their operations in Yemen
they've lost significant parts of the
you know they both roughly the entire of
the entire south they've lost mattad
most recently this year they've lost a
han and shabwa and they lost the red sea
coast that being said when you're
looking at the areas where you really
are seeing the Houthis managed to hold
on it's these kind of northern highlands
that have proven in a lot of ways if you
can go back centuries these have proven
a very hard area to take militarily so
because they have this sort of control
in a lot of ways the lot of the Houthi
leaders are experienced in Sado which is
you know one of the roughest terrains in
the entire country this is help them to
really really hold fast on that end this
comes in addition to the fact that you
have seen from what we've seen evidence
of increasing Iranian support which is
still managing to come through in the
form of these missiles particularly
despite the ongoing blockade on the
country and the ongoing attempt to
prevent to prevent these missiles from
going in
so you've seen sort of a combination one
you know the Houthis are fighting for
the most part on their home turf now so
it's gonna be hard to get them in but on
the other hand let's face it they
they're the signs are that they have had
some outside help although I wouldn't
say it's this I mean while the Houthis
would not be able to do things like most
notably launch missiles at Riyadh if it
wasn't for this outside help apparently
coming from Iran by and large their
ability to really hold fast is rooted in
their their real experience fighting
yeah and we will talk about that outside
help more definitely but mr. Dubey let
me bring you and now so they have of
course suffered losses but they've also
proven on the third anniversary of the
saudi-led and
intervention in Yemen that they are
capable of hitting Riyadh so is Saudi
Arabia secure well I think in terms of
like liberating two-thirds
nearly two-thirds of the Yemen land of
the home from the hokies and in terms of
making the hood is only in the capital
it's important to control the capital
but they lose as our colleague said they
lose most of the land and they lose they
lost most of the their capabilities in
terms of the weapons that doesn't mean
they didn't get so many missiles from
Iran to launch to Saudi Arabia in order
to send different messages to Saudi
Arabians and to the Arab coalition's to
the outside world and to the Yemenis
inside to their supporters inside to say
that we are strong we are we are still
strong we are still able to send and to
launch missiles to Riyadh to different
cities inside the Saudi lands and so yes
in some aspect they are weakened and so
many governorate provinces they are so
weak they kick it out of these
governorates but in their own land
highland they are still strong and they
have supporters and taken into
consideration the missiles given to them
from the spear from the Iranians they
are still able to hit some cities in
Saudi Arabia to send different messages
as I said strongly to our supporters who
gather today in Salaam to show them that
they are still strong and they can after
three years they still can attack Saudi
Arabia miss van Megan as you know an aid
worker how do you see the latest
escalation in the violence what will it
mean for the millions of Yemenis who are
already suffering through what the UN
has called the world's worst
humanitarian crisis well it's it's very
clear to us that the parties to this
conflict are not only using violence
they're using war tactics that undermine
the capacity of Yemenis to afford food
to go to school to keep their jobs
and to access clean water the cholera
outbreak we've seen that has now reached
more than a million cases isn't a
coincidence
the blockade on her data port and
subsequent difficulties moving supplies
around Yemen aren't ant a coincidence
none of this is organic all of it is a
man-made crisis so though we would see
that the the violence we've seen is
having a huge impact on people but so to
other more insidious war tactics being
used by all parties to the conflict and
the crisis it seems could get worse
we've had the Houthi leader Abdul Malik
al Houthi vowed to use more developed
weapons missile systems he said will
overcome all defense systems to target
Saudi Arabia mr. Barun who is arming the
Houthis where are they getting their
weapons from I mean a large portion of
the Houthis weapons are coming are
coming from inside Yemen itself let's
not forget that one of the most
notorious arms markets if not the most
notorious arms market is its right and
saw that the Houthis have long built
ties with many of Yemen's most notable
arms dealers that being said and there
are according to you know UN expert
testimony there are components of
weapons that appear to be coming from it
on that are being used in these missiles
that are apparently able to strike the
Riyadh that you know you hear different
things some say that these are actually
you know full-on draining missiles what
a lot of people are hearing and a lot of
experts are saying is that you were
seeing you know components being
attached to missiles that increase their
range and then in addition to that
you're also there are some reports there
was just a report released today
alleging that both radio others there's
been raining in radio technology use so
it would appear that I mean for the most
part the weapons are by and large
weapons that have already been in Yemen
although there are pretty credible
reports that the Houthis are getting
weapons from elsewhere and how do they
if the weapons are coming from overseas
how do they get them into the country
despite the different blockades are they
bringing parts in and then assemble
them in Yemen yeah that's what it would
appear that that's how it's happening
and you're having I mean there's a
number of different theories going
around I mean I remember I believe it
was one of the UN panel of experts
reports said that they were basically
taking advantage of you know these kind
of secluded or remote coves or small
ports on Yemen's I guess in eastern
Yemen to kind of sneak in parts and
things like that you are seeing you know
a large even areas of Yemen that are
ostensibly under the control of the
internationally recognized government do
have kind of weaknesses in in control so
it would appear that they're sort of
taking advantage like many other groups
in Yemen taking Vantage of the wider
power of vacuum yeah to smuggle weapons
then so weapons being provided both from
inside Yemen that are already there and
also being brought in from overseas what
about support for the Houthis mr. Jubei
abdul malik al Houthi has said that
they're going to recruit more men and
children to keep fighting who is joining
them who supports them they use every
kind of means to be supported they use
religion to encourage people to join
them as their name is ansarullah means
the supporters of Allah so they are
doing all these things for the sake of
God they are encouraging people to join
them to be Mujahideen to go to paradise
as in their propaganda religious
propaganda and they use even the the
tribal system because in the northern
parts of Yemen the tribal system is very
strong and they are using and they are
trying to implement it for their own
favor they also are using the resources
they still have the capital they still
have the main city the main port in
Yemen in their control they are opening
the country for a hole a big hole a
black market so according to the report
of the United Nation experts they say
that they have
billions of dollars a year from
different resources from different ways
of income they are using their this
resource to program favor to support
their own military actions against
against the neighboring areas they don't
forget that they don't give salaries
they don't get salaries so the old money
they have is used for our only military
actions yeah so no lack of support or
resources then miss Van Megan there is a
new UN envoy for Yemen now with talk of
a new round of negotiations are you
hopeful that this could lead to an
improvement in people's lives right now
we feel that we have to be hopeful
because this feels like the only
possible way forward we're not seeing
any other progress we're not seeing a
huge amount of support from the United
Nations Security Council we're not
seeing any leadership from international
governments and meanwhile we're meeting
kids at carrying toys that they've made
to resemble guns
we're meeting kids that can't afford to
go to schools so they're choosing to not
to eat I met a little girl a few weeks
ago who who haven't been eating she's
been saving all her money so she could
go to school the the situation for
people while this carries on is getting
worse and worse it's already far beyond
what we expected so we hope we have high
hopes for a special envoy but we've also
called conflict to engage appropriately
and mr. Baron what do you think about
the prospect of a new round of
negotiations with a new UN envoy for
Yemen the British government said that
they want to play a bigger role in
negotiations and the fact that the
Houthis are increasing their attacks at
this time I mean is this a tactic before
going into negotiations to force the
Saudi hand yeah I would say as of 24
hours ago 48 hours ago there was a great
degree of pressure being exerted by
various international actors pushing for
there to be
that would start up soon needless to say
it's hard for you know international
actors to try to push for example the
Saudis or the internationally recognized
Yemeni government to come to the table
when the Houthis are launching missiles
at at the Riyadh or into Saudi so it
does but I think for the Houthis they do
view this as a way of sending a message
they do view this as a negotiating
tactic it often tends to to backfire I
think but but I think for them this is a
this is you know something that serves
on two methods or launching they're
launching the missiles to sort of send a
message you know externally but even
their mess they're sending it internally
as well sending a message to try to
rally their supporters ahead of you know
the rallies that the Houthis are holding
today to say you know we're still strong
you know we're fighting back we're
making them you know hitting them where
it hurts etcetera but neither's to say
that's evidence of a mindset which
unfortunately is quite widespread among
Yemen's various key power holders a
mindset that you know isn't particularly
conducive to peace talks being held
another to ending the war mr. Zhu may as
mr. Barun was saying you know that the
Houthis are sending a message they're
saying we're still here we're still
strong we're still fighting where is
that internationally recognized
government I mean we know that armed
rebel mansour hadi the president is in
Saudi Arabia but just last week we had
the Minister of State resign saying that
this government is being held
essentially under house arrest in Saudi
what do you make of that well I think we
need to be more specific of using
terminologies house arrest means
somebody who is in house arrest he
cannot make even a phone call outside
his or her house president Hadi yes he
is in Riyadh but we could see his every
day on a daily basis meet different
people ambassadors officials Yemenis non
Yemenis Arabs international in the
country why is that
and does he need to be this is another
thing yes he is not under house arrest
and so there but he cannot go to Aden I
think from my point of view for
different for different reasons maybe
main two reasons are he for the security
situation in Arden it's not stable so
because the saudi-led coalition depends
on him on the legitimacy they are taken
from him so they don't want him to go to
Adam for his own safety and I think
there are some differences in advent
politically and security in a security
basis which don't allow him to go back
to mr. Barun mom and you may was talking
about the legitimacy of the president
how much legitimacy do you think that
this government still has is it United
enough to take on a new round of
negotiations I mean now I've internet
this is the Indians you know
internationally recognized government
and it's sort of legitimacy is enshrined
in UN resolution 2216 so on the one hand
you know there's no real question about
that that being said you are seeing a
number of different divisions within
both the government itself and
particularly within you can call it the
anti Houthi axis you know you've seen
that in Aden where different groups that
are united against the Houthis and
United in support of the Arab coalition
but divided against each other have
engaged in fighting most notably earlier
this year when you saw a you know
significant amount of fighting yeah
between Pro Hadi forces and and
pro-southern transitional council forces
that in many cases were fighting on the
same side against the Houthis you know
two two-and-a-half years ago so there is
this extent that you have when you have
a situation where the president has been
based out of the country for a
significant amount of time where many of
the ministers although by no means all
ministers have been based out of the
government for a significant amount of
time you know the in a lot of ways
Yemen's state institutions on both sides
of this conflict have really been been
at risk there's been some real
deterioration there yeah I mean it's a
real challenge moving forward yeah
absolutely one of many challenges mr.
Zhu may let me bring you in on that
point about division in the
international coalition I mean what does
that mean for negotiations when you have
parties within the coalition and you
know the Saudis who support president
Hadi and the UAE which is part of the
coalition yes they're fighting alongside
the Saudis in attacking the Houthis but
they're also supporting the southern
secessionists
against president Hadi well I think this
is one of the main problems the
saudi-led coalition face and it affects
the government it affects the going back
of the governments to Yemen and I think
it's weakened the government to the
situation that the Houthis are still
strong
one of the main of the strength factor
behind the health is being strong until
strong can turn now is the division
within the other side within the
government within the saudi-led
coalition there is no big division
between Emirates and Saudi Arabia ant
enemies of Yemen but it seems that the
Emirates doesn't want to deal with the
Salah party who is the like Muslim
Brotherhood party in Yemen that's why
they want and support some other groups
they are sort of separatists in Yemen
and this is creating problem in with
with Hadi and preventing him from going
back to Adam because Heidi believed in
United Yemen in a different way of Union
but those people in Ireland they don't
believe in Yemen one Yemen United Yemen
and they want to go back to the
situation before 1990 in Yemen Muslim
Megan as this incredibly complicated
situation politically continues in Yemen
and we have reached the third
anniversary
what are eight groups what are you an
aid groups like yourselves calling for
that really needs to happen immediately
well there are a few things we know that
humanitarian aid is not the answer for
Yemen but we in the meantime people
urgently need access to to services they
need food they need access to cash
salaries must be paid after more than a
year and a half of non-payment in areas
under the control of answer Allah so we
need the international community to step
up and continue to provide
funding for Yemen but also to look for a
means that will help us continue to
access people in the in the longer term
we need much better engagement excuse me
from the international community
including the Security Council from the
UK as penholder from the US whose
continuing to sell weapons despite all
the evidence that civilians are being
adversely affected by the war yeah thank
you very much I'm just we don't have
very long left so I do want to get to a
couple of one last question and to both
of our other guests Mohamed roommate and
Adam Baron Mohamed let me start with you
but the same question to you as well
what is it going to take to actually end
this war in Yemen sorry say that again
what is it going to take mr. zoom a do
you think to end this war in Yemen I
think to go back to negotiation but
according to the three references of the
political solution a peaceful solution
the first one is the GCC initiative
secondly the outcomes of the national
dialogue in Yemen and third the United
Nations resolutions and mr. Barun what
about you to be honest I'm quite
pessimistic because when it looks like
it when we look at it now and we have to
remember this we're not talking about a
single war we're not talking about a
single conflict we're talking about a
series of interlocking conflicts in
Yemen and when it comes down to it even
if there's some sort of you know
agreement reached between the two
primary sides there's a huge risk that
you're going to see a spiraling that's
going to affect Yemen for generations to
come mr. Barun thank you very much for
that let me thank all of our guests
Mohammed zooming in London Adam Baron in
Beirut and Suzanne Megan in Djibouti and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com and for
further discussion to go to our Facebook
page at facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from the innards of the forum and the
whole team here thank you for watching
and bye for now
you
