and Allah as the Rockets rained down
there were moments of panic this is
what's left of a missile fired by Houthi
rebels in Yemen which targeted the Saudi
capital Riyadh on Sunday another
fragment landed on an island on a busy
road a barrage of seven ballistic
missiles were intercepted by Saudi
Arabia's air defense multiple social
media users posted videos of the u.s.
Patriot missile defense system used by
the South II military at least one
Egyptian resident was killed in the
attack as forensic teams collect
evidence the Saudi coalition is again
blaming Iran for arming the Houthi
fighters the cuts force who have
operatives on the ground in Yemen have
helped the Houthis and the Yemeni Armed
Forces to basically augment the
capability of the missiles in order to
make them more capable and the the
Houthi say you know if you don't
negotiate with us we will continue with
more sophisticated weaponry more
missiles being fired and there will be
more dead on the side of Saudi Arabia
which is something they can't sustain
these types of attacks continue despite
the Saudi coalition announcing in 2015
that most of the Houthis ballistic
arsenal was destroyed the objective is
to continue to look for this kind of
missiles the targeted destroyed it we
believe that we destroy most of these
capabilities
thousands gathered in the capital sana
to mark three years since the saudi-led
coalition launched a military campaign
to fight the Houthis in support of
Yemen's government just before the
missile attacked the Houthi leader
talked about his group's capabilities
here we'll use long-range drones which
have excellent military capabilities we
will activate the military institutions
in an unprecedented way and open up more
opportunities to recruit the children
and men of our people to fight the
Houthis have been sharing images of the
destruction caused by Saudi attacks in
Yemen they say their missiles are acts
of revenge
at least 10,000 people in all sides have
been killed in Yemen and millions more
suffer in what UN calls the worst
humanitarian crisis in recent years and
through all this the war continues Osama
bin Javed out of there it's now brick
