United Nations is calling on Yemen's
warring sides to stop blocking aid
deliveries the Middle East's poorest
country has been facing a devastating
military offensive by some of the
world's richest nations pregger Gupta
explains the human cost of a war that's
now reached a grim milestone it's been
three years since the conflict in Yemen
began and it's led to what's been
described as the world's worst
humanitarian crisis in March 2015
Saudi Arabia and nine other countries
launched a military operation to help
Yemen's government against Iranian
backed Houthi rebels Qatar was part of
the coalition until June of last year in
the past few years the Houthis have
managed to expand their control from
their stronghold in sada in the north
down south including the capital sana
but after three years of war the
saudi-led coalition hasn't really
managed to push them back during the
height of the offensive in 2015 the
operation was costing an estimated 200
million dollars a day the u.s. gives
logistical and intelligence support to
the coalition it is also the main
supplier of arms to Saudi Arabia and the
UAE in the last five years Saudi Arabia
has bought more than 60% of its weapons
from the US and the UAE bought 58% of
its weapons from the US as well Amnesty
International says there is evidence
that this flow of arms to the saudi-led
coalition is having a devastating impact
on Yemenis and here is why they have
been more than 6,000 verified civilian
deaths since the conflict began about
1500 of them were children the UN says
the saudi-led coalition airstrikes
account for more than 60% of the
civilian casualties the conflict has
driven more than 3 million people from
their homes more than 22 million that's
about three-quarters of the population
yet humanitarian assistance millions
don't have access to safe drinking water
and only half of the health facilities
remain functional there's a heightened
risk of famine across much of the
country with 8.4 million people on the
brink of starvation and there's a
cholera outbreak that's been called the
worst in modern history it's killed at
least 2,228 people we
more than a million suspected cases and
now there are concerns the epidemic
though contained could get worse in the
coming months
