bus after bus arrived in the
rebel-controlled province of Idlib in
Northwest Syria thousands of people
transported across a divided country
rebel factions surrendered their
strongholds in eastern huhta after what
was one of the fiercest offensives
launched by the pro-government
alliance fighters their families and
members of the Opposition deported as
part of a negotiated withdrawal oh they
burned everything even the bunkers we
were hiding in if we left the bunkers we
would get killed by airstrikes I can't
describe the situation we were in
it was awful almost 2,000 Syrians were
killed and thousands were wounded in the
attacks appeals for medical supplies for
those trapped in a war zone went
unheeded already there was a shortage of
aid and medications because of a
government imposed siege on the
opposition area unfortunately the cases
we received are very critical we also
have cases of malnutrition as well as
extremely sick people who couldn't
receive proper treatment because of the
lack of medications as a result of the
siege more than 10,000 people have been
displaced and not all our fighters some
didn't want to risk arrest or be forced
to join the army they left with whatever
they could carry we left our homes
behind although everything has been
destroyed
we left our history our memories we left
all that behind because we couldn't
tolerate the circumstances eastern huhta
has been under the control of the
opposition since 2013 not long after the
government besieged the enclaves it
wasn't only under siege eastern hooda
came under fire for years it was always
an important military objective for the
governments being so close to the
capital but the pro-government alliance
was busy fighting on many fronts and it
was always just a question of time when
it would turn its attention to the rebel
stronghold it has been one tragedy after
another for Syrians caught in what seems
to be an endless conflict
sergeant LeBlanc for after measuring we
lived in Bunker's our lives were in
danger we left after the international
community let us down
it Lib has become what some describe as
a dumping ground over the years tens of
thousands of rebels and their families
who surrendered territory to the
government were sent here and there is
little sign that day just like those who
have been recently displaced will ever
return to their homes
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
