it's one of the largest camps for the
internally displaced thousands of
Afghans who fled fighting in areas
across the country have come here to
live in relative safety
services in the camp which is on the
outskirts of the capital Kabul are
limited people here don't have much hope
conditions will soon improve Daza Goel
shares the shelter with his family after
living as a refugee in neighbouring
Pakistan for more than 30 years he his
wife children and grandchildren returned
to their ancestral village in the
northern Kunduz province last year a
short while later Taliban forces seized
control of the area I can't go back to
my home village it was destroyed in the
fighting my entire life is wasted
because of war my life is wasted because
of all this bloodshed the leaders of
neighbouring goes Becca stands say they
want to help put an end to the nearly 17
year war president chovka museu has
invited the Taliban and Afghan
governments to the Uzbek capital as part
of efforts to encourage peace talks
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov
are taking part in the summit
representatives from the UN EU and many
of the world's top diplomats have also
been invited but it's unclear if they or
the Taliban will go looking at the role
of Pakistan the important role they are
very positive role and get positive
diplomatic relations with the regional
countries in the great powers so they
can do it and hope whose Becca Suns
conference will result something and put
much pressure on the supporters of
Taliban and the Taliban themselves while
attempts at talks struggled to get
started
violence continues to affect much of
Afghanistan Kabul has suffered some of
the worst attacks in recent weeks
several suicide bombings linked to the
Taliban which had killed dozens of
people in February President Ashraf
Ghani offered the Taliban recognition as
a legitimate political group as part of
a proposed process he said could lead to
meaningful talks but the offer coincided
with the sharp increase in us-led
airstrikes the White House says its
strategy is to use force to pressure the
Taliban to the negotiating
a strategy that doesn't appear to be
working that da LaVon continues to
control or contest much of the country
and there is limited hope the talks in
Uzbekistan or elsewhere will change much
on the ground in PST of Al Jazeera
