does Bollywood have a problem with women
India's film industry is second only to
Hollywood it produces more than 1500
films every year
more than any other country and sells
more movie tickets than anywhere else
and just like Hollywood it hasn't
escaped the attention of the global me
to movement women around the world are
taking a stand against sexual harassment
sexism and misogyny and there is a lot
of that in Bollywood a 20-17 study of
4000 films found pervasive gender bias
and stereotypes in Indian movies popular
Indian movies often normalize acts of
sexual violence against women so what is
the root of the problem it's a very very
patriarchal industry it's largely
dominated by a small bunch of great
powerful film families of course there
are exceptions to this norm but enormous
that most Bollywood stories revolve
around male protagonists where women
often serve as secondary characters and
are the subject of a man's sexual
attraction it's not unusual to see
scantily clad women performing in
sensual dance numbers so if you see the
history of the Indian entertainment
industry when it started about say 8090
years back women used to not work you
know in the indian society but if you
see the sex ratio it's still very it's
very low you know we don't have a lot of
women writers so if you see all the
female characters are being written by
men and that's the reason they are very
stereotypical now time for a little
history lesson depictions of Indian
women in blockbuster movies haven't
always been so problematic
the 1957 epic Mother India featured a
female lead who successfully defended
herself against the sexual advances of a
tyrannical landlord without the need for
a male Savior here you see the struggle
of a poor family where you have women
that is play a very strong role she was
a great mother she is a great wife you
know but she's also struggling with the
debts that the poor family has so it's a
very very powerful character that she is
playing that movie itself has made women
quite strong in that particular era
though Mother India became a classic and
is widely considered one of the greatest
Indian films of all time later films
failed to depict women in the same
manner I would rather see like 80s as a
time when they're more like glamorous
component of the movies dancing
throughout the trees you know being
kidnapped being great being killed you
know they are fighting for the rights
but they also becoming more and more for
glamorous component of the movies gender
bias representations in Indian cinema
were normalized by this point but that
doesn't mean there aren't exceptions to
the rule the late Sridevi portrayed
powerful female characters in her movies
which often upstage her Milko actors her
role in the 1983 classic himmatwala
earned acclaim as did her performance in
the 1989 drama - Oh Sheila but things
have definitely changed since Mother
India came out they'd be by now compared
to let's say the era of Mother India
they lost their space they had created
for themselves it's not just limited to
what you see on screen
many insiders say sexual harassment is
an open secret in the Indian industry
and it's actually bigger than that the
big screen has a direct effect on wider
society numerous studies have proven a
link between what people see in media
and how they behave in everyday life I
absolutely find that the way that women
are depicted and Bollywood have
real-life consequences on society in
India in India as well as the Indian
diaspora one very clear example was in
2015 where a man an Indian origin man in
Australia was was found stalking two
women after being influenced by what he
saw in Bollywood movies and the
normalization of stalking stalking
eve-teasing rape and other forms of
harassment are a recurring theme in
Bollywood films but wait a minute what
is if teasing you know that bit in a lot
of Indian movies where a male character
repeatedly harasses and harasses and
harasses and harasses and harasses and
harasses and harasses and harasses and
harasses and harasses until he finally
gets the girl
that is if teasing and it's a big
problem across South Asia our society
has predominantly been of a misogynist
society our media and our entertainment
industry is totally dependent on the
society for content and the society gets
affected by the media so it's very
codependent on each other we've grown up
watching songs bollywood songs where if
teasing was a form of romance sexual
harassment and misogyny are not unique
to Bollywood or India in fact it's the
opposite it's a global problem one of
the main ways that we'll see change is
when more female directors are able to
helm cameras and helm scripts and make
films for women by women
again women were depicted on screen are
complicated and nuanced and are the
protagonists the me2 movement has helped
start the conversation but it's
Bollywood listening leave a comment
below don't forget to share and hit
subscribe
