I realize exactly what I've gotten
myself into and I was like here we go in
a highly publicized television interview
that aired Sunday night adult film star
stormy Daniels detailed an alleged
sexual encounter with President Donald
Trump more than a decade ago Daniels
whose real name is Stephanie Clifford is
suing the President to void a
non-disclosure agreement she signed for
$130,000 days before the election you
thought that there would be some sort of
legal repercussions if you didn't sign
that as a matter of fact the exact
sentence used was they can make your
life hell in many different ways
the Daniels lawsuit and two others filed
by women in the past week are the latest
distraction for a White House mired in a
special investigation about possible
collusion with Russia former Playboy
model Karen McDougal is suing to be
released from an agreement
she says requires her to keep quiet
about an alleged affair she had with
Trump a decade ago and a New York
Supreme Court judge ruled summers air
votes could move forward on a defamation
lawsuit that claims the president
sexually harassed her while she was a
contestant on The Apprentice television
show he tried to kiss me again with my
hands still in his chest and I said dude
you're tripping right now attempting to
make it clear I was not interested
attorney Renato Mariotti says the trio
of civil suits could be as damaging as
the Russia probe there's a huge
potential for the president where he
could be deposed he could have documents
that could be released as part of this
that could be embarrassing to him
details that could get leaked from these
lawsuits that could be a problem a civil
trial to be a huge spectacle accusations
of inappropriate sexual behavior have
dogged the president since his election
campaign two months before the election
a 2005 tapes surfaced of Trump talking
about groping women when your star they
let you do it you can do anything
whatever you want
have to do anything a number of other
women have also come forward accusing
Trump of groping and kissing them
without their consent while the White
House says the lawsuits are without
merit they are certain at least to prove
a continuing source of embarrassment for
the president
Diane Estabrook al Jazeera Washington
