although abdel fattah has seized he was
only named president in June 2014 the
former Army General has been in control
of Egypt since July the previous year
when he led a coup deposing the
country's first democratically elected
president Mohamed Morsi since taking
power Sisi has made numerous promises
and pledges to the Egyptian people in a
bid to win their support
first he vowed to defeat what he
described as potential violence in
terrorism in 0io Nadine Italy
I call on all Egyptians to take to the
streets to task me with preventing the
potential violence and terrorism that
threatens us in reality however since
Sisi became president attacks and
bombings appear to have increased
dramatically across the country ISIL
which did not have a branch in Egypt
recruited fighters and began killing
soldiers and police officers in Sinai
but the violence was not limited to the
peninsula car bombs in central Cairo and
Alexandria are testament to cease his
inability to deliver on his promise of
security another pledge made by the Army
General was to build a national road
network that would connect cities and
help improve road safety I will build a
world-class road network within one year
that will connect all of Egypt four
years have now passed
not only does Egypt have an extremely
poor road network according to the World
Health Organization it ranks amongst the
10 worst countries for road safety with
deaths being an almost daily occurrence
Sisi had also promised to drastically
improve the economy and increased living
standards there was initial hope when
his government organized the 2015
international economic conference
billions of dollars worth of projects
were announced until now though very
little of those have been achieved even
the much hail construction of a new
administrative capital has seen little
to no development similar to the pledge
of building 1 million new homes with
hundreds of thousands of Egyptians still
either homeless or living in slums one
promise that was fulfilled by Sisi was
the expansion of the Suez Canal however
the promised revenue from this project
has not materialized in fact after
venting the public to help fund the
project through investment bonds the
government's own figures show revenue
from the Suez Canal has actually dropped
as a result of the decline in maritime
traffic CC has been president for four
years and in power for five in the early
days he had promised to transform Egypt
into a world power the reality is that
he presides over a country where 30
percent live below the poverty line and
the vast majority are struggling to
remain just above it his critics doubt
that another 4 years will bring any
significant improvement Ramallah al al
Jazeera
