let's return to our top story those
marches being held in the US and indeed
around the world in support of tighter
gun controls we're gonna spend the next
few minutes discussing this joining us
live now Steve Perry he's an American
teacher and founder of capital prep
schools in Harlem New York he joins us
from Hartford Connecticut and on skype
we have Steve Rogers from Nutley New
Jersey he was a member of the Trump for
president advisory board and a former
member of the FBI National Joint
Terrorism Task Force Steve Rogers coming
to you first are you in favor of some
change or no change I'm in favor of
reasonable on regulations like getting
rid of the bump stock but the problem we
face here is that this is a mass effort
to eliminate guns from law-abiding
citizens in my 38 years as a police
officer who investigated Violent Crimes
I've always heard from the victims who
would always tell me if I had a weapon
to protect myself I would have not had
to face losing my very life so there
should be reasonable regulations but I
think there's enough on the books now
for us to follow Steve Perry it's about
reasonable regulations and asking people
to surrender their freedoms I guess
those freedoms protected by the Second
Amendment the Second Amendment was
passed in 1791 at that time the military
was only 16 years old and as a nation
things were very very different I'd have
been a slave so simply referring to a
time in which we had a second amendment
without the context of today what we
know is that what we have in terms of
regulations are not helping us in fact
we have a generation of children who've
grown up fearful of everything from
gathering places from from churches to
schools to concert venues we have to
push harder there is no reason to have
weapons of war in a time of peace in the
United States of America Steve Rogers
what's wrong with eliminating guns well
the city of Chicago has the strictest
gun control laws in the country as the
city of Washington DC and as a result
they have the highest rates of gun
violence
because if you eliminate guns from
law-abiding citizens then only the
lawlessness will have guns and look
we've got to make things put things in
perspective the domains of people Steve
Rogers can I just interrupt you for a
second they're Dunblane 1997 people were
killed in a school the British
government passed legislation to curtail
handgun ownership gun violence dropped
Australia brought in not dissimilar
legislation gun violence dropped
decidedly dropped it was a huge falling
off a cliff drop so your logic doesn't
stand up it stands up here because we
have millions of people who own guns in
this country and the ends of people who
are law-abiding citizens the difference
between those countries and us is we
have a constitutional right to bear arms
now I would say reasonable regulations
have background checks make sure people
who are deemed as mentally ill don't get
those hands their hands on those weapons
the bump stocks being eliminated that's
fine but to write so bad so background
admit but background
yeah but background checks would first
of all a constitutional amendment not
even freedom of speech is unfettered so
simply because the Constitution
amendment it doesn't mean that it is
without it is not without some form of
regulation and and conscious movements
but just because we would have done
background checks it witness stopped
Aurora it wouldn't have stopped
parksville it wouldn't have stopped
quite a few places where children and
adults have been murdered we have to
accept this notion we can no longer
accept this notion that if we take guns
away then there will only be lawlessness
as you've mentioned there are a number
of nations in which the the decrease in
gun violence has been profound profound
so we have to have a bigger conversation
and we have to have one in which we want
to be safer as a nation not to hold on
to support far-gone notion of what
America used to be what do you say
victims of carjackings victims of
homicides victims of being slaughtered
by weapons even some of those children
which the media in this country did not
talk about said had someone in that
school had a weapon any school to stop
that gunman no matter what school it was
someone who did have a weapon
someone did what someone did have a
weapon Rogers gentlemen can I interrupt
just for a second just for one second
Steve Rogers that idea surely you will
come clean on this one nobody in America
wants or accepts and one has to say it's
based on pure human logic here the idea
of arming teachers I mean you've spent
what the point 38 years as a policeman
you will therefore be well familiar with
what say we saw that 11 year old talking
in Washington cogent very very powerful
speaker a bullet going through an
11-year olds body literally liquefies
the internal organs there's no easy or
delicate or pleasant way to say that but
that is what happens so the idea of
arming teachers and turning them into
what Vietnam vets snipers that will
never work look I agree in the fact that
I wouldn't want to see teachers on
however saying that we do have community
policing officers in schools we do have
well-trained school resource officers in
in the cities and I could tell you this
at least in this area in the cities
across this country and I'm talking
about a lot of african-american
communities they're way ahead of the
game they have metal detectives and they
have armed security personnel if you'll
notice something none of these shootings
at least as far as I know have happened
in schools and inner cities because they
are smart they have prepared to protect
their children so there's and that's a
fact so what we need to do is when we
forget American and African American who
run schools in the african-american
community I'm telling you that that did
not stop that I actually if you if we if
we only had one guest on yes we would
just sit and let you talk but we have
more than one so I'm gonna here is what
I
you're talking about what I do you're
right I'm interrupting you because we
don't have all day it's not it's not
just your segment so what we're doing is
we're talking about what I do which is
educate african-american children and
I'm telling you that we we do not have a
safer community because we have more
guns and neither did Fort Hood who by
the way had nothing but guns it didn't
stop someone from coming in and shooting
up one of our military bases okay just
for a second Steve Rogers Steve Perry is
saying he wants a broader debate you
would be receptive to that as an idea
but why is it today we are not hearing
on Twitter or on any social media
platform from the NRA if you look at
Marco Rubio's tweets however I mean he
was taken to task big time what a week
ago ten days ago Marco Rubio's tweets it
should be tagged as sponsored by the NRA
given how much political money they've
given the man I can't speak for the NRA
can only speak based on my experience
and the people that I've spoken to it
throughout my 38 years when eight I was
in a shooting I don't know your other
guest would had a gun point at him I did
I was at a gun battle and a lot of
people could have died and if someone
and it happened to be me and a few other
police officers weren't on the scene of
that crime and was able to neutralize
that suspect so if you think you have
the answers to me Wiley's and the
answers the people let me finish now
okay I hope to god you're never put in a
position of some of the people I've seen
where a gun was pointed at them and some
died and they had a weapon a legal
weapon a trained person they would not
be dead today
Steve Perry Jones come back on that
point to suddenly make the argument that
if someone I do each time we make the
argument that if someone else had had a
gun then we wouldn't be here Fort Hood
had guns people still died first because
the person woman came in on guns
a-blazing I want police officers it's
okay
what I want police officers I what let
so let me so I want police officers have
guns but I don't want teachers to have
guns I don't want principals to have
guns and in both Columbine and in
parksville they had armed officers on
the scene stop the carnage so we have
that right so we brought up wait so a
homeowner Steve I agree with you just
listen a minute I agree with you when it
comes to teachers and principals what
about the homeowner what about the guy
and the woman who goes hunting they have
a gun in their car they're approached by
a carjacker are you suggesting that
homeowners in this country should not
have weapons to protect themselves are
you suggesting that all the people in
Ohio who have also generated at my home
I would suggest do you got it so here's
a question you asked me you asked me am
I suggesting that homeowners not have
guns I am saying that you can be safe
without having a gun I am saying and I
don't have a gun okay I have family
members who are lawful Steve Rogers who
law enforcement officers both Steve's
please last point to Steve Rogers anyone
can come up with the kind of scenarios
you're coming up with a woman on her own
facing rape somebody a house owner the
house is being burgled what if what we
are seeing today is a tipping point what
if America is transcending your
president Donald Trump on the issue of
gun legislation what if America is
transcending the the NRA the National
Rifle Association and it is your
children who are doing it they are
driving this the midterms are around the
corner and in 10 or 15 years time those
11 year olds that we've been hearing
from today those powerful powerful
speakers they will be Congress men and
women they might be senators think about
this this is what we're seeing today
there are millions and millions of other
young children who are in support of the
Second Amendment who are in support of
their constitutional rights this country
has changed where them the mainstream
media is no longer being fair you're
fair I've been on your station many
times that I've said it on the air over
and over again you got
a fair but our media in this country is
not fair you're only hearing and seeing
one side at this point I think it's
great that children have come out and
pay tribute to the 17 in Florida I think
that's a wonderful thing to do and I
think it's good that they protest and
express their views on issues but let's
get both sides your delivered on both
sides but I gotta tell you I'm sorry to
say you're not doing it here gentlemen
we will have to leave it there because
the clock has beaten us Steve Perry and
Steve Rogers thank you both so much
thank you Steve
