leave now or you'll be jailed Israel's
ultimatums more than 40,000 African
refugees the move to expel them prompted
thousands to protest in Tel Aviv so are
the deportations a case of national
security or a racist agenda this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm
Sammy's Aban Israel has until Monday to
provide further details of a
controversial plan to expel thousands of
African refugees mostly aerotrain &
Sudanese to a third African country the
Supreme Court set the deadline
earlier this month suspending the
deportations meantime on Saturday more
than 20,000 people took to the streets
of Tel Aviv to protest against the mass
expulsion the United Nations has also
criticized Israel for its hardline
approach Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu has said the flood of migrants
was worse than quote attacks by Sinai
terrorists the refugees are being
offered three-and-a-half thousand
dollars and a plane ticket to leave the
country or they face being locked up
indefinitely find a solution that will
take the refugees inside Israel and
gives refuge to everyone that needs it
Israeli government is doing nothing okay
they they they took these people in
they throw them out in south Tel Aviv
they don't give the work permit they
don't give them any political
any educational I think it's a shame
it's a shame
let's bring our panel into the show then
we have joining us from Tel Aviv mo
named her on an asylum seeker from Sudan
an activist at the African students
organization in Israel also a student at
the Hebrew University in Jerusalem
studying economics and political science
from Jerusalem on skype Gil Hoffman a
Knesset insider and chief political
correspondent at the Jerusalem Post also
from Tel Aviv as have whites and a human
rights lawyer and one of the petitioners
in the historic Supreme Court case
challenging Israel's anti infiltration
law welcome to you all if I could start
then perhaps with moneim what happens
then March 26 Monday the deadline
expires for the government to respond to
the petitions against deportations what
happens then hi thank you for having me
so there's only two choices either the
asylum seekers has to choose to go to
the to indefinite jail or to be or to be
deported to a third country so which
both of them are very difficult options
because no one wanted to go to jail and
the the second option is the third
country the problem is with those
countries is that they they deny to have
such agreement with with Israel to to
receive African asylum seekers and we
have we already know the consequences of
those who have been deported or those
who have been choose to build those
countries they had to flee again to seek
for a safe countries so so are you
naturally worried money to choose your
own fate happen come Monday I'm
personally not but as as a person who
fight for his own people yes I'm so
worried because there is thousands of
Sudanese and Eritrean refugees who could
face these two options and that's really
painful for me okay let's take the
question perhaps to our South is there
really no other third alternative money
you said there that people might be
facing on Monday the choice between a
deportation or jail is there no chance
perhaps that this can end in a different
way well we certainly hope so otherwise
there won't be the protest will seen
yesterday and in the public outrage
against this very bad policy in racist
policy um but before the jail in the
deportation to the third country what
will happen is that people thousands of
people will lose their visa people have
to renew the visa for two months or four
minutes and now they will not be able to
renew the visa because they're supposed
to live - Wanda which is so-called the
third secret country Israel is agreement
with and if they will refuse to go
because Wanda is not safe for them
because one that doesn't recognize
having any agreement is right and not
giving them any rights they may face the
loss of the visa not being able to renew
it and then not being able to walk and
maintain themselves and this is
certainly another option that is on the
table but we certainly hope I hope you
name hope that we will be able to stop
this ridiculous ignorant foolish policy
well how do you hope you'll be able to
stop it then I'm putting your faith in
public pressure and action or in the
courts intervening to stop this policy
everything is connected we have another
option by the way if Wanda will say no
if we want I will say we are not
accepting people from detention
facilities will refuse to cooperate with
policy that hurts our brothers they are
freaking asylum seekers in Israel this
will put an end to this detention and
deportation policies so we beg with plea
to and not to cooperate the detention
and deportation policy is really saving
this is one option the other option is
that they that the public pressure the
international pressure the international
community and the public pressure here
in Israel will make a change because I
think we started to see a shift we
started to see people like a daily the
Minister of Interior and a tinel's
saying maybe that kids will not be
deported in the first stage and people
who came to Israel as minors and go up
and they do and you know studying the
education system you will not be
deported as well and more and more
groups hopefully are protected for the
time being from the deportation but we
have to keep pressing will have to keep
put put pressure with the international
community with the public opinion and
also the courts yes because what Israel
is doing is against international law
United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees said it loud and clear this
shows this is against international law
because one is denying having any
agreement with Israel because the ruins
are sacred and because people that are
shipped from Israel have no safe in
legal status in the countries they are
shipped to alright I'm gonna come back
to you in a moment
Asaf to pose to you the counter opinion
to the suggestion of Israel is doing
something illegal but before we do that
perhaps we'll go to Gil and he might
actually do that for us I want to get
your perspective Gil on whether you
think government policy is starting to
change on this issue as a result of some
of the public protests and public
pressure we've seen so first of all I
want to clarify then I'm not a spokesman
for the Israeli government and the
producers tried to get a spokesman for
the Israeli government to come in the
show that's all for that perspective and
that won't be here I'm a political
analyst and yes the government is
checking various different solutions to
this problem no one wants there to be
crises and people hope that the Union
and his friends are going to be okay but
they entered the country illegally and
this country has a responsibility to
make sure the people who are citizens
and the people who are in this country
legally will be employed they don't have
a responsibility to ensure the people
who entered the country illegally will
be employed and take jobs away from the
poor people of this country so while I'm
certainly not a spokesman for the
Israeli government that I understand the
political realities Netanyahu represents
the Likud Party which is a party that
traditionally represents the Israeli
underclass and so while there is
pressure there was a very large rally on
Saturday night in Tel Aviv Tel Aviv is
seen as kind of disconnected from the
rest of the country in many ways and not
really a place that is the base for the
Likud and the people who the liquid does
represent in Tel Aviv are people who've
lost their jobs teas migrant workers or
have their neighborhoods that don't look
as good as they used to look because of
the migrant workers
so there's so much internal pressure
within the liquid party on the
politicians on the right to expel these
men and we haven't been talking about
children from the very beginning only
about the actual men migrant workers not
people who are married not people lay
down roots that I still think that the
bulk of the expulsion so will under
happen all right let's take that point
back to us half if you look at the
statements of some of the government
ministers like the Minister of Education
of Taliban it he says the government
will give asylum to refugees and only
job seekers are going to be deported
what's the problem with that policy
defenders of the government might argue
every government has to take care of its
own people and security so orders so
there is no problem with death or maybe
the only problem that is that it's not
to a Israel has less than half percent
of its population as a sum of seekers
37,000 people the vast majority of them
are coming from Sudan in Eritrea token
with that Israel is not deporting people
to the Kurds of origin because of the
situation in the human rights violation
and genocide in Darfur in the Nuba
Mountains and the dictatorship in
Eritrea so Israel if there were more
walking migrants as Netanyahu and
Bennett are saying there could be
shipped back to the economies of origin
but the fact that Israel is choosing
Wanda as a third country as a safe felt
country so-called is the first evidence
that we are dealing with refugees and
asylum seekers a lot of walking migrants
the second evidence is the recognition
rates around the world I mean a returns
asking a psalm all around the world in
the same with Sudanese and the
recognition rates are extremely high
over 70% and 80%
recognition rate then recognition rate
of asylum seekers in Israel is less than
half percent only 12 people out of 65
people that came here in 2012 and 37,000
that are here today we recognize as
refugees it's less than health percent
of the health percent that is here
anyway and when you look at the world
you see significantly higher recognition
rates so all the dials are coming to
Israel and all the general refugees are
coming to everywhere else so again it
doesn't make sense and we should treat
the problem as it is if we were dealing
with migrant workers they will be
shipped back to the conversion if we are
dealing with refugees and asylum seekers
from every turn Sudan they should get
the rights according to refugee
convention here and now one of the lies
is that it's because of economics
because they take jobs of the poor
Israelis but the fact is that most of
them are working in jobs that Israelis
refuse to do like cleaning dishes and
restaurants and hotels and so on and
even the Israeli government when decided
to Depot them and the same decision
decided to take more people in from the
Filipinos and other places to compensate
for the loss of manpower did they create
by the deportation so even this is a
pure and obvious light all right so a
lot of issues to pick up on there on
before we do that though can I go back
to money just to put this into
perspective and tell us a little bit
about your story did you enter the
country quote-unquote as the term not
that we're endorsing it illegally did
you flee violence and come as a refugee
tell us a little bit about what you've
gone through to make it to where you are
today
yes oh thank you so I I will answer this
question and also I wanted to ask to
reply to a political analysis from
Jerusalem that he said we entered the
country illegally and and this really
has to protect his own people and his
own borders I agree with that but none
of these claims are one of the standards
of a Geneva Convention - like no refugee
has to be legally then you will get
protection because once we are you are
fleeing your country you are just
looking to a safe place and you are not
you are not even thinking to have
documents or papers so I would like to
say like first of all my own story I I
survived like it was really a miracle
that I survived when the junta with
Malaysia attacked our village that time
I was 12 years old this was the first
time just because I was belong to a
certain ethnic group in Darfur after
then when I got accepted to the
University I became to be a political
activists against the the radical
Islamist government in Sudan and my my
life was really in danger actually they
wanted to arrest me the arrests many of
my friends including my brother and
that's the reason I flee I fled my
country okay to present your argument
that some might say well you went
through a horrible experience but you
were able in the end to be processed
through these Israeli system and to stay
in the country is the system not working
are we over exaggerating hyping up the
issue of deportations if people who do
have legitimate reasons to be in the
country like yourself can be allowed to
stay what do you say to that actually
yeah actually the claim of the
government is that all of us are not
refugees and all of us all of us are not
asylum seeker but like they even not
checking our asylum seekers I asked for
for example I asked for my salim seekers
five years ago and one month now
actually five years at one months I
Asylum I asked for my Salomon 25 of of
March 2013 and after day I got no
response and there they are not saying
even if I'm a refugee or not so you know
it's it's a bit really ridiculous to say
that no one is is is an asylum seeker or
no one is a refugee once you are not
answering their asylum request so okay
let me let me get the perspective of our
point is not a government spokesperson
we know that Gayle but just to get your
perspective because you do have a
slightly different one perhaps than some
of the other panelists on the show it
doesn't it come down to this issue of
whether the government is just simply
labeling too many people as job seekers
regardless of their situation so Sammy
is drills notorious for its bureaucracy
and it's unacceptable it doesn't only
affect migrant workers or asylum seeker
it affects everyone in this country and
we all suffer from it and this is just
one example of
and yes there's a process where the
people are asking to be labeled refugees
if they are and and go through the legal
procedures and that's going very slowly
and so these protests if they have any
impact at all could perhaps have an
impact on making sure that that process
will be expedited but you don't think
there was a particular targeting of
people who come from the African
continent compared to people of European
descent or come from other parts of the
world who also may have shall we say
these are issues you don't see that
there's a particular targeting I mean
just to give an example the figures from
the UNHCR according to a November 17th
statement 2017 said quote there are some
27,500 era trains seven thousand eight
hundred Sudanese in Israel and since
Israel took over refugee status
determination in 2009 only eight era
trains and two Sudanese have been
recognized as refugees by the
authorities the statement went on to
remind Israel that it's a party to the
1951 Refugee Convention is there not an
element of targeting perhaps you know
however bad the bureaucracy is some
people seem to be suffering from it
worse than others well you know Sammy
those numbers are terrible and I myself
have asked questions about those numbers
to the politicians in order to get
answers and what they've told me is is
that the numbers with the Jordan
Georgians and the Ukrainians are quite
similar that you've got 20,000 Georgians
and Ukrainians that over the last couple
years have been expelled from this
country and they're as white as snow so
it's not an issue of race and people who
say it's an issue of race are just
trying to hurt Israel okay it's not an
issue of race I'm wondering s after when
perhaps government officials senior
religious officials make statements as
the Prime Minister did comparing or
saying that a flood of illegal migrants
from Africa was worse than attacks by
Sinai terrorists or the Sephardic chief
rabbi yitzhak Yosef stoking controversy
when he referred to black people as
monkeys does that add up in the public
Saiki to create a very different
environment for asylum seekers from the
African continent so I figure that in
this regard is really similar sadly
similar to other countries race is an
issue in many countries and black people
have more difficulties than than white
and here they have few difficulties not
only being black but also being non Jews
in a Jewish state a and walking with an
asylum system that is not functioning on
purpose if you ask me but definitely not
functioning everyone can agree on that
so the combination of not being able to
ask asylum and get a response in a
reasonable time and be recognized as
refugee as any other place in the world
being black so you can easily be you can
easily identify them and they can be
identified what creates this political
tension because we have tripled the
amount of African asylum seekers that
are just illegal undocumented a woky
migrants and that external reasons they
overdo the visa but nobody is talking
about him in the media and nobody is
making a big deal out of it and yes the
Kolo is an issue here also the European
Jews are suffering from racism in some
issues and it's well known and it's it
said but it's said a so this connecting
in from the race is is in my eyes not in
accordance with reality but the issue
you I think more than everything else is
that internal is not a following the
Refugee Convention and obligations we
took on on ourselves because we I mean
around the world we have the biggest
crisis the refugee crisis since the
Second World War 66 million asylum
seekers and displaced people and in
Israel we have less than 37 thousand of
them and only 12 now attend few months
ago what the kunais as refugees it
doesn't make sense
or because of byrock we'll see ok well
of policy okay we've got about four
minutes left so I want to try and give
two minutes to each of Gil and my name
Gil go ahead and now you want to say
something in just a couple of minutes
sure I mean you brought up extreme
things on one side extreme on the other
side are the people who are at the rally
and that there was a Holocaust survivor
who was comparing what the people have
been through the migrant workers to the
Holocaust and you know that's just an
extreme way of getting their point
across and I don't think either side is
particularly helpful
in persuading the masses when you make
these kinds of extreme arguments I think
that it's much more persuasive when you
have moaning and people like him explain
their side and then you have people on
the other side like Ethiopian immigrants
to this country who say I've lost my job
because I was only willing to work for
minimum wage I was only willing to work
eight nine hours a day these are people
who are willing to work 16 17 18 hours a
day for half of minimum wage and it's
just not fair and and went to other
countries that have taken much more
extreme steps countries in Europe Donald
but what he's doing who he definitely
not gonna be a comparative in Israel
Brixton to Britain the infrared enough
recently including the refugee issue is
leaving the European Union they're
taking far more extreme oops
Israel's choosing between people's and
handling the situation the best way
possible
as hard as it is okay the best way
possible
Israel is handling the situation I'm
curious to get your take on that morning
do you feel particularly demonized and
some of the people that you speak to
because they come from the African
continent or of African descent yes
actually this is yeah this is this is
true but I would like to say like we
fled such atrocities like genocide
understand a cleansing in Sudan where
the government of Sudan is killing
innocent civilians without no reasons
just because they are African origins
and for me I can't compare what Israel
is doing and what our government is
doing back there but again I would like
to say like Israel is is a democratic
country a modern country and they really
can can protect us until we will go be
able to go back to our countries and I
would like to say like we saw actually
the government the policies of the
government work towards us
which are really unfair and the the only
hope that we have as African asylum
seekers in Israel is the Israeli public
because from me there is a huge
difference between the government
policies and the Israeli citizens they
are actually none
racist I mean the Israeli public they
are amazing people and the the
demonstration of yesterday actually
proved that they are like thousands of
Israelis who support the the being of
asylum seekers in Israel who are like
supporting to to have and and clear
policies toward asylum seekers and
another side we have the like the unfair
government policies towards us because
the question is what's like what is
going on in Sudan Eritrea is it a normal
this is the question I ask always
because no one can ignore that what is
going on in Darfur or Luba mountain or
Blue Nile is a normal situation there's
a genocide going on there so the
Israelis country should give us a right
to live should give us a basic rights of
human being or refugees and I guess they
they have the ability to do that thank
you
all right it's been a fascinating
discussion but I'm afraid we are winding
down now so it is time to end this show
and thank our guests very much for their
participation moneim her on Gil Hoffman
and Asif white s'en and thank you too
for watching you can see the show again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com
or for further discussion head over to
our Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle there is at AJ inside
story from me Sammy's a dad and the
whole team here for now is goodbye
you
