eight-year-old Randi Christ to God and
asks for forgiveness he was in the
position of prayer his forehead on the
mat when the earthquake struck and the
mosque collapsed his older brother was
able to pull him out
but Randy lost his hand it was hard for
us to look for a medical clinic we had
to look for two days and two nights this
is unde at the hospital it hosts the
biggest number of injured survivors and
some of them come from neighboring
districts we've spoken to patients here
who say it took days before they got
medical help but they are grateful they
are still alive Julia says she was near
the sea when the earthquake struck she
waited for a moment I thought everything
was fine until the tsunami swept her
away it took three days before her
family found her I thought I was going
to die I swallowed a lot of water and
that man pulled me up by my arm the
tsunami hit the town of pallulah town
Friday three strong waves swept away
hundreds of homes schools government
facilities all wiped out in an instant
and days since the disaster struck many
believe the true extent of the damage
has yet to be seen the number of people
killed is expected to rise a 20-minute
drive from the main town is where
hundreds are buried mass burials have
become a daily reality some of the
bodies buried here are unidentified the
indonesian government says a quick
burial is necessary to prevent the
spread of communicable diseases entire
families who once lived for lives cut
short by a tragedy they have been
reduced to this
and no one has come to say goodbye
Chameli allen dog and al-jazeera Palu
Central Sulawesi Indonesia
