these are tomorrow's circus stars the
students are developing daredevil acts
and pushing their bodies to the extreme
it's fascinating to watch something that
looks so effortless but that you know
you can't do and someone's made it just
look like they can do it every day which
we do we do do it every day look at you
know the modern circus was born in
Britain in 1768 when a showman called
Philip Ashley set up a tent in London
and filled it with axe this is a 19th
century circus rolling into town an
explosion of noise and color in a
black-and-white world they would evolve
into massive money-making spectacles
today the circus like Ballet Theatre or
the Opera is seen as an art form in its
own right people are seeing
extraordinary feats and that's always
been the appeal of Circus this year the
physicality of it the things that there
may be seem to be almost impossible yet
you see people just in this room that
they're able to do those things but I
think it's also a change there's been a
massive shift in what audiences expect
from entertainment from performance and
from art tastes have certainly changed
over the years along with health and
safety standards
an increasing number of countries have
banned the use of animals over welfare
concerns the UK will follow suit in two
years time this is what traditional
circuses have evolved into big budgets
movie like production values Zippos
Cirque Berzerk schnauzers as well as
tents
so very very few experiences like this
dicing winter from pure entertainment
testing the bones of all the given body
250 years on the circus still captivates
audiences a place where fear and fun
collide Nev Barker al-jazeera Birmingham
