people in the French town of chacas on
pay tribute to Alan or beltram the 44
year old French police officer had
swapped himself for a hostage in a
supermarket attack on Friday shot by the
gunman he later died of his injuries in
this small town known in France for its
medieval Citadel people say he was a
hero he was a man who was passionate
about his job I can only imagine that he
knew that going into that supermarket he
had little chance of getting out
he gave others a chance to leave
Carcassonne is like a village it's a
lovely place
people are happy here I'm angry that
there are bad people out there it was on
Friday morning that a gunman hijacked a
car in chaos on killing its passenger he
then shot and wounded one of a group of
four police officers who were out
jogging he then drove to the nearby town
of tab where he attacked a supermarket
took hostages and killed two more people
pledging allegiance to ISIL I say on TV
I saw the attack of firing two or three
bullets in crying Allah Akbar and so I
went back upstairs quickly and told the
girls in the office call the gendarme
call the gendarme there is a terrorist
in the store police identified the
killer as 25 year old red 1-lakh dim a
French national who was born in Morocco
radda one like him grew up on this
housing estate in Cal cusan he had spent
some time in prison for petty crimes
police said he had become radicalized
and they put him under surveillance
four years ago but last year French
intelligence services decided lacked
impose no threat and was unlikely to
carry out an attack so they ended their
surveillance of him many people in
France are now questioning how the
security agencies could have got it so
wrong Natasha Butler al Jazeera Caucus
on France
