hello and haslam seeker this is counting
the cast on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week
Facebook's big data problem how our
information is being bought and sold
without us knowing also this week
America's guns we'll look at why this
huge unregulated market continues to
thrive despite calls for gun control it
is the largest deficit of any country in
the history of our world it's out of
control plus the u.s. president signs
off on action against Chinese imports
potentially igniting a trade war our
data is being hoovered from our
connected devices every day but when it
emerged that that information could be
used to manipulate our political views
for money or regulators around the world
started paying attention it's called
psychosocial profiling and has put
Facebook and the whole business of big
data in the spotlight this week we all
know that we can post things like photos
and messages to our friends for free on
social media our Facebook makes money
out of selling digital advertising space
with an annual revenue that amounts to
40 billion dollars over 1.4 billion
people log on to Facebook every day but
we don't know what they're selling about
us and it's totally unregulated this
week Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had to
answer accusations that 50 million users
had their data harvested and passed on
to UK political consultancy Cambridge
analytic is accused of using that data
to target u.s. voters during the 2016
election Facebook's business model is
now under scrutiny on both sides of the
Atlantic
by Thursday shares lost 50 billion
dollars in market value Katya
Lopez ha Diane reports
Mark Zuckerberg doesn't like giving
interviews with the pressure on the
camera-shy founder and CEO of Facebook
was so great he had to do something he
told the American media he was sorry
about the security breach that
compromised the private data of 50
million Facebook users in a statement he
acknowledged there were failures in
Facebook's protection of data
I started Facebook he writes and at the
end of the day I am responsible for what
happens on our platform I'm serious
about doing what it takes to protect our
community while this specific issue in
Babi Cambridge analytic assured no
longer happen with new apps today that
isn't change what happened in the past
we will learn from this experience to
secure our platform further and make our
community safer for everyone going
forward those steps include a review of
all apps that had similar brought access
to user data further data restrictions
and making it easier for users to assign
permissions zuckerberg carefully
choreographed response to the Cambridge
analytical scandal is not what US
lawmakers are asking for they were
rather have him testify in person before
Congress Minnesota senator Amy Klobuchar
has formally asked for a judicial
hearing Zuckerberg says he's happy to
testify before Congress if it's the
right thing to do he also says he sure
someone's trying to disrupt this year's
midterm elections underlying the uproar
the allegation that data harvested from
facebook servers was used by Cambridge
analytic got to support the Trump
campaign in 2016 interference in the
electoral process confirmed and this
undercover interview with the company's
van CEO Alexander Nicks
have you met mr. Trump many times
television okay a delete Facebook
hashtag has been trending but even if
the bad publicity blows over other
troubles for the social networking giant
are just beginning the Federal Trade
Commission has opened an investigation
into Facebook so to have at least three
US states well joining us now from
London is Daniel Knapp executive
director for technology media and
telecommunications with IHS market good
to have you with with us Daniel so let
me ask you first off are we looking at a
possible watershed moment here not just
for Facebook but for social networks and
the whole issue of privacy I think
you're exactly right this is much bigger
than Facebook itself we have for decades
now nearly let's social media define how
we get our information it was designed
by and driven by computer scientists
without really looking at the broader
ethical and social implications so with
the recent Facebook scandal with
previous issue around brand safety and
she was advertising on YouTube this is a
much bigger thing where society is now
trying to claim that control over social
media so is this a wake up call as well
not just to the social media platforms
themselves but also to users I mean do
we just need to be more more digitally
savvy more discerning about what kind of
information we post about ourselves
online it is surprising that it took the
Cambridge analytical situation to really
make users aware we've had these
problems around privacy and third-party
apps harvesting user data for many years
many users will think back about our to
the farm will at times or other
third-party apps that do personality
tests and so forth these apps have
always systematically a harvested
personal data and as notice your own
data but also the data of your friends
so I think we're seeing this outrage
right now because suddenly all these
data harvesting practices that are
commonplace in the industry are
connected to political outcomes
a controversial figure to a
controversial election in the US and
even to the brexit campaign so it is the
conflation of data harvesting and the
political implications which actually
facilitate this wake-up call but
honestly people should have woken up
much earlier than this
so does this threaten Facebook's whole
business model then because the argument
is that it is predicated on people
giving up their data Facebook wasn't
abused to put this very clear and this
has been a kind of wrong in the
narrative so far Facebook has been used
very effectively because what has been
done actually is what Facebook was
designed for to target users with
advertising better then what other
publishers can do however I'm speaking
to the advertising community there is
currently no broad incentive to move ad
dollars away from Facebook there simply
isn't another platform there isn't
another tool that allows advertisers to
reach audiences at that scale so the
advertising industry will wait to see
this storm blow over and continue to
advertise on Facebook the only thing
that will enable Facebook to change its
business model is if all big advertisers
come together and enforce rigorously new
standards on facebook otherwise after a
couple of weeks this will be business as
usual
should-should users then get a cut of
this money that's a big question that's
being discussed widely in technology
circles we think about nude text like
blockchain for instance which will
enable users and consumers to be paid
their fair share of money that they sell
basically through their attention
however it's pretty much still science
fiction so it's not something we're
gonna see realistically in the next five
or ten years but there's a key role you
to play for regulators which we haven't
discussed and in particular the European
Commission now is in a very good
position to tighten the screws on
Facebook they have been cracking down on
platforms for a while now and the new
situation with Cambridge analytic ah has
opened the doors even more widely for
regulatory school
so this to me is the biggest driver and
the biggest impact that Facebook is
about to change and which is actually
behind the stock decline that we see it
is the ability now for regulators to
intervene you talk there about greater
regulation and the Facebook is a
platform that is available throughout
the world and there are different
jurisdictions and different regulations
in in in in all of these countries I
mean how do you how do you deal with all
of that the European Commission actually
with its new data protection policy
mandates every company that operates in
Europe that has European users whether
it's based in the US or anywhere to
adhere to those standards and Facebook
and all large platforms want to unify
the user experience harmonized it across
different countries so if you have a
large block like the EU pushing for
tighter regulation pushing for opt-in of
data for instance pushing for clearer
communication around how data is being
used it is fairly easy for Facebook and
other platforms to deploy this globally
now there is of course a loophole if you
are an advertiser or a politically
influenced firm based outside of the
European jurisdiction or some outside of
the US and you can still manipulate and
misuse the platform so we can't close
all loopholes and through regulation but
what we can also do it through
regulation on top of protecting users in
many jurisdictions is to change how
platforms think about their users adopt
more rigorous ethical controls and also
for instance within Facebook really
ensure that with every programming and
coding decision that is being made these
social implications are being considered
- and there has been a huge gap so far
between coding the digital world and
thinking about what that might mean for
the real world good to speak with you
Daniel Knapp in London thank you I still
- come on counting the cost travel chaos
in France as public workers begin some
of the biggest strikes in recent years
the first call to action on one of the
most contentious issues in American life
today thousands of teenage activists are
calling for tougher gun laws meanwhile
the CEOs of the biggest gun makers
rarely give interviews and live lives
far removed from the whole issue but
they're still profiting from the biggest
unregulated gun market in the developed
world the multi-billion dollar US
firearms industry has been largely
shielded by the US Constitution which
allows people the right to own a gun but
in the wake of the hashtag never again
the investment community is also waking
up to its role in the weapons economy
the calls have been growing as well for
Wall Street to dump gun stocks fund
managers including Blackrock have said
they are having another look at their
relationship with gun makers and more
than a dozen companies have ended
partnerships with the National Rifle
Association the program Lobby the March
in Washington is led by students from
the school in Florida where 17 people
were killed last month Andy Gallagher
reports on their journey to protest in
the weeks since this community lost 17
lives - one of the worst school
shootings in US history the push for
change has been relentless the March for
our lives demonstration will be the
biggest protest yet and one led by the
students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School you guys are the change that
is going to be the tipping point to help
that happen as they make their way to
Washington to demand gun reform many are
excited about the global response to
their cause just to see the unity of our
our country in our world because the
March is now on seven counts on seven
continents which i think is awesome
so I'm just glad to see that all the
national debate these children started
has led to gun reform in Florida but
students say they won't stop until
assault weapons are banned it's an
ambitious goal but one organizers say
isn't beyond this generation but someone
underestimates you you can come in from
a position of power that they're not
expecting and that's really what's
happening so I'm just you know riding
the tide and watching and it's awesome
the fight for what campaigners call
common sense gun reform will be long and
difficult parents say that March for our
lives protest is just the beginning in
the hours before the March the message
from these students is simple I hope
that this gets to every single person as
much food as we can so we can finally
make a change in this country
Andy Gallagher reporting for stair well
joining us now via Skype from Raleigh
North Carolina is Jeffrey Moore senior
analyst with global risk insights thanks
very much for being with us now
just how lucrative is the gun industry
in in America I mean how tied are they
into the whole economy there the gun
manufacturers and accessory and
retailers have a pretty sizable economic
impact overall it's about 50 billion
dollars directly and indirectly between
gun manufacturers and retailers you've
got about six and a half billion dollars
in taxes that are paid every year in
about 300,000 individuals employed
either directly or indirectly through
the gun industry so it is a significant
impact on America's economy but
relatively small compared to a lot of
other areas across the spectrum but it
is a long-lived and established industry
that likely won't be going anywhere
anytime soon and from an economic
perspective how do you see the gun where
do you see the gun industry going under
the Trump administration yeah well we've
got a carry
situation where you had eight years of
President Obama a couple of large highly
public mass shootings and some feeders
that gun regulations were going to come
down in a very big way and that drove
gun sales and ammunition sales through
the roof really
especially after 2012 the Sandy Hook
massacre there were fears from the gun
lobby and from gun owners that they may
issue those regulations in some bands
and cases and the revenues and stock
prices for those gun manufacturers
really really went haywire to the upside
and continue doing that through the
remaining the remainder of his
presidency the day after Trump was
elected the stocks of these gun
manufacturers actually took a big hit in
the the days following his election and
have since come off pretty strongly as
the revenues had done this as well there
doesn't seem to be the political risk
the political fear that regulation will
be coming down and as a result those
have come off their highs but also with
President Obama and the feverish focus
on on whether or not he may do something
to take guns away I may have pulled a
lot of demands forward to those years so
you may see the gun industry in term or
natural ebb and flow of a business cycle
from here on out one of the issues that
comes to mind when you look at the
economic aspect of this is this whole
idea of ethical investments talk on Wall
Street
and among investors of pulling their
money out of stocks that are directly or
indirectly tied to the gun industry is
that something that if it builds up
could have an effect yeah that certainly
could have an effect in just yesterday
we had Citigroup announced that their
Citibank operations for their commercial
clients they would no longer support
commercial clients in the gun industry
or the retailing industry of guns that
sell guns of any kind so individuals
under 21 years of age so when you start
having these commercial
pressures from the bank in finance
providers that they give those services
to the gun makers and the gun retailers
if they're gonna be changing policies
much like the retailer's have already
started with Walmart and some other
sporting goods stores raising that age
to 21
you'll probably see a spreading effect
of at least raising the age so if things
can't get done in Washington you'll
start to see private businesses take
that own initiative to raise the age of
purchasing guns good to speak with you
Jeffrey Moore thanks for being with us
thank you now interest rates in the
world's biggest economy are headed
higher that was the message from the new
chairman at the US Federal Reserve this
week Jerome Powell in his first Fed
meeting delivered a widely expected
quarter point interest rate hike citing
strength in the US economy he also
hinted the path of rate rises could be
more aggressive and he warned us trade
policy might be a concern in the future
inflation a day later Donald Trump
signed sixty billion dollars worth of
tariffs on products made in China
Kimberly how kit has more Chinese
President Xi Jingping welcomed US
president Donald Trump to China in
November with an elaborate ceremony
within hours the two had signed more
than a dozen business deals to showcase
their economic partnership I view them
as a friend I have tremendous respect
for President Xi so Trump's targeting of
China with economic tariffs has left
many bewildered Trump's delivering on a
campaign promise to rectify what he says
is an unequal trade deficit favoring
China of more than 375 billion dollars
the list of Chinese imports the White
House's targeting has not been made
public it's expected dozens of Chinese
high-tech electronics and consumer goods
including apparel will be affected for
years Republicans and Democrats have
been concerned about Chinese trade
practices and theft of intellectual
property but there's division about
Trump's solution to the problem is
anybody reading the trade policy news
on the business pages now probably
suffers from a nasty case of whiplash
trying to decipher all that news it is
hard to identify a coherent strategy
that will help American workers
businesses and farmers when the dust
settles as part of his announcement on
tariffs Donald Trump says he will
renegotiate other trade deals he
believes are harming the United States
including with the European Union Canada
and Mexico still his focus remains on
China the latest round of tariffs set to
take effect in 60 days
now China has hit back at those tariffs
Scott hila has the reaction from
Shanghai firing back China responded
within hours to President Donald Trump's
announcements of the tariffs Beijing
said it's planning to impose three
billion dollars in tariffs of its own
targeting a hundred and twenty eight US
Goods bound for China focusing on
agriculture wine fruit nuts and pork
products but also recycled aluminum and
steel pipes
this is China vowed it will not back
down from a trade war while insisting
the friction should be resolved through
negotiations if the dispute continues
China says it could damage the broader
picture of cooperation between the
world's two largest economies it's
telling the u.s. to pull back from the
brink the diverging of a tompa - it's a
destructive move China and the US are
world trade leaders I think it's going
to escalate gradually it will damage the
economic relationship between the two
countries and that will have a negative
impact on the global economy
both nations have said they're going to
start legal action through the World
Trade Organization here in China's
commercial capital Shanghai there's
growing concern over a trade war with
the US they're worried about jobs and
they're worried about Chinese businesses
it may affect the employment in China
since exporting is a big part of China's
economy there's a lot of low-end
industry but the many people's jobs are
depending on export i watch a lot of
news of course China will fight back
the point of doing business is that we
both ways it doesn't work if America is
the only leader China has to protect his
own interests to the increased trade
tension could prove to be a challenge
for Chinese President Xi Jinping who by
a measure passed during the National
People's Congress earlier this month can
remain as leader indefinitely a big
trade war with the US could slow China's
rapid growth critical to his long term
vision and finally in France presidents
have come up against stiff resistance
when trying to modernize the railways
Natasha Butler reports on whether
Emmanuel macron will succeed where
others have failed thousands of public
sector workers protested in Paris United
and anger at the French government's
plans to reform public services and cut
jobs it was a similar picture across the
country in the city of Nod there was
some violence
workers from France's national railway
or essence F led the demonstrations the
government wants to scrap their special
privileges including only retirement for
train drivers but rail staff say the
benefits of compensation for long
unsociable hours and low pay we must
show that rail workers like all French
people have to defend themselves we want
to show the power of the streets and
that there are real people behind these
jobs so we are against Michels plans we
are certainly not better paid than
others look at politicians and all their
advantages but they want to single us
out we not agree with the changes so we
say no yes and CF has been in financial
difficulty for years it has 50 million
dollars of debt and the government says
that it must change to remain
competitive especially because under EU
rules in 2020 the company will lose its
monopoly foreign rail companies will be
able to run trains on the French Network
the prime minister says SNCF must be
prepared the world is changing the SNCF
must change was it faced with
competitors SNCF cannot remain the only
company to recruit rail workers and a
special status
created in 1938 SNCF is owned by the
French state it employs a hundred and
forty thousand staff past presidents
have tried and failed to reform it
forced to back down in the face of
opposition from France's powerful trade
unions Emmanuel macron wants to be the
one to succeed Michael may have more
leeway because of more general favorable
public opinion in terms of reforming
SNCF I think people now are more ready
to see something different the
government says it will reform essence F
by decree that's put union leaders on
the warpath Thursday's demonstrations
were smaller than expected something
likely to please president macro but
with rail workers promising three months
of rolling strikes he still faces a test
of strength so that is our show for this
week
you can get in touch with us by tweeting
me ATS has MC Kerr and do use the
hashtag AJ CTC when you do or you can
drop us an email counting the cost that
al jazeera dotnet is our address there's
more for you online at Al Jazeera comm
slash CTC that will take you straight to
our page which has individual reports
links and entire episodes for you to
catch up on that is it for this edition
of counting the cost I'm handsome seeker
from the whole team here thanks for
joining us the news on al Jazeera is
next
