Halling is a ridiculous trade deal
US President Donald Trump withdraws from
the trans-pacific partnership or TPP
just three days into his administration
most assume the deal is now dead but
challenging u.s. global leadership the
11 remaining Pacific Rim countries led
by Japan forge ahead regardless and just
as president Trump heightens fears of a
trade war by imposing steel and
aluminium tariffs a revamped version of
the TPP is signed in Santiago Chile
sending a powerful message that free
trade can and will go ahead without the
United States the comprehensive and
progressive trans-pacific partnership or
TPP 11 for short includes Canada Mexico
Japan Malaysia Australia Peru New
Zealand Chile Brunei Singapore and
Vietnam and deal to dramatically lower
tariffs and trade barriers together they
cover 500 million people in the most
dynamic region of the world economy more
than 13% of global GDP worth more than
10 trillion dollars with the u.s. it
would have been 40 percent but the new
TPP is already attracting potential new
members like South Korea Indonesia the
Philippines Thailand possibly even the
UK post brexit a free trade deal once
viewed by Washington and Japan as a
counterweight to China's growing
economic might is now being hailed as an
antidote to US protectionism talk to Al
Jazeera sat down in Santiago with the
signatories of the world's newest trade
bloc
we start with the host Chili's outgoing
foreign minister foreign minister Aldo
Munoz thank you so much for talking to
Al Jazeera I'd like to start by asking
you how significant is the timing of
this agreement I think it is very timely
because the world is witnessing an
increase in protectionist measures and
protectionist temptations I would say on
the part of some countries they would
draw out of the UK from Breck's the
brexit the US would draw up from the
original TPP are examples of of that and
the possibility that there would be
unilateral tariffs imposed and some
products as we have heard so I think it
comes at the right time by saying open
trade is alive these 11 countries that
represent 500 million people about 15%
of global trade and about 10 trillion
dollars added up the 11 economies opted
for continuing trading with others and
doing it in a progressive way some
skeptics would say though that this
disagreement is not even the shadow of
its former self that without the United
States it really doesn't have any teeth
what do you say to that well I think
there's a lot of teeth because I mean
when you have economies as important as
Japan as Canada Australia New Zealand
and so many others that are involved you
have really very important countries
involved and when you have even
countries like Mexico that is the eighth
economy in the world I mean we're
talking about very powerful countries
Chile is also very active globally we we
have you know a hundred and thirty
billion dollars in exports last year so
we we are significant countries and we
put enough teeth we would have like the
United States to have stayed but they
took the sovereign decision under
President Trump to withdraw some would
say in fact that by withdrawing from
this agreement from the TTP the United
States is really a turning point in its
global leadership or some would say lack
of global leadership
would you agree well it's it's it's not
what would have one would have expected
from Republican administration that in
the past used to be always Pro global
trade and but times have changed and
perhaps globalization has not proven to
be beneficial to everyone but that is
not because of the nature of
globalization is because the nature of
production and the global economy has
changed is more and more innovation more
and more knowledge so that the
industries of the twentieth century are
of course suffering the costs of these
technological changes and that I guess
led some states in the United States to
vote for mr. Trump because they felt
left behind what we have to do
is to prove the globalization is not a
problem that innovation is a key is that
in value its including everyone into the
benefits of trade and that's why we
dedicate a full chapter to small and
medium enterprises in they see a cpu TPP
let me ask you about that precisely
because there are a lot of people that
are very concerned that this trade
agreement
it's just yet another one that is going
to work in favor of big business at the
expense of the little man of the working
class of the middle class of small and
medium-sized businesses as well why
should they believe that this new trade
agreement is different well because I
think that there there's enough contents
into it to ensure that women
entrepreneurs for example will have a
chance to where to have access to credit
to have access to marketing to have
access to the ability to export to all
of these markets because there is a
clear and mandatory elements in the
agreement to respect the environment and
labor rights so that in the end I think
this is as the title says the most
comprehensive and progressive trade
agreement that has ever been signed what
about this agreement it was done in
record time it took a lot of political
will and a lot of flexibility so how
different is this one from the original
one well it's it has still the high
standards with we didn't remove one
comma from the chapters of access to
markets because that would have meant a
total renegotiation of the agreement and
now that was something that what was
very interesting to Chile because for
example through this agreement
we are going to gain access to the
Japanese market that we don't have in
the bilateral agreement with Japan more
than a thousand products are going to be
increasing to Japan to Canada to
Malaysia to Vietnam to several countries
we include new areas like public
purchases and there is also the element
of creating this global change of value
by changing the rules of origin for
example a product coming from one of the
other ten countries will be considered
as a national input that way one can re
process and elaborate other products and
send it to the other ten countries and
so that the production chains begin to
be linked and that is is very positive
so we are very optimistic so in some
ways especially for smaller countries
this new deal is better without the
United States and with the United States
that had imposed some very very strict
conditions particularly on the
pharmaceutical industry well the the
adaptations that we made precisely were
enabled because the United States left
they had asked for certain conditions
that did not accommodate fully some
countries Chile was okay because in
their bilateral agreement with the
United States we had a lot of the
elements that were new for other
countries I won't give names but for
example there were countries I had zero
protection for the data for Biological
pharmaceutical products and they had to
increase to five Chile already had five
years of protection for that data in the
agreement with the United States so
eliminating that
they cost less political pressure in the
countries when we removed about 20 norms
in the original TPP that the United
States had particularly pushed for but
we had to do as you said
a very quick rearrangement which was an
easy it took a lot of political will
because not only did we have to change
the implementation agreement because
implementation agreement required that
more than 85% of the GDP of the other
countries would ratify it before he
would enter into force now it's only six
out of the eleven and but not only we
change that we changed all this other
elements relative to gender with
strengthened the aspects related to
labor rights and environment and all of
that I think made it up a better
agreement not because the United States
left because of the reality that we
wanted to continue on and in order to
continue on we had to make it a more
attractive agreement and I think we
ended up with a better agreement but not
because he was left but because of the
reality that we did not want to waste
the years of negotiation of a
high-standard agreement New Zealand's
trade minister says the deal isn't
perfect you have given this trade
agreement seven out of ten as the rating
why is that why did you sign it if it's
not worth attend our 10 out of 10
agreement is with Australia which is
probably the best trade agreement in the
world and we have nil tariffs on any
product we have free flow of people and
investment so compared with our
agreement with Australia it's not as
good compared with a lot of other
agreements in the world it's very very
good
it has good provisions relating to the
right of governments to regulate to
protect
environment I'm a former climate change
minister in New Zealand I'm also the
Minister for the environment as well as
the Minister of Trade currently so it's
important to New Zealand that it has
progressive elements that enable us to
properly regulate for Public Health
public education environment as well as
providing benefits for businesses be
they small or large well for small
countries or countries with small
populations such as yours is this
actually a better deal without the
United States probably not overall it
did enable us to renegotiate some
clauses which were problematic for New
Zealand for example extensions to patent
terms extensions to copyright we managed
to narrow the the breadth of these
investor state dispute clauses which all
of which is good but of course America
is also a large and wealthy economy so
at one level the trade benefits from the
agreement aren't as great as they were
when America was in the agreement so is
it still really a good agreement on
these that we're not shouldn't say only
but it's it is 13 to 14 percent of the
global GDP vs. 40% with United States
was it worth it
well there's 500 million people in the
CP TPP countries New Zealand's only four
and a half million of those so 495
million of those people lie in the other
CP TPP countries that's an enormous
market for New Zealand goods and
services of course it's reciprocal those
people get the opportunity to sell lis
goods and services into New Zealand so
yes overall it's a it's a it's a really
good deal do you think that this
Agreement as some have suggested serves
as an antidote to this protectionist
trend that we're seeing in the world I
absolutely do I think that CP TPP is
more important than it was a year ago
this rise of protectionism is worrisome
some of the mechanisms under the world
trade organization like the appellate
body which is that the the you know the
dispute court if you like for disputes
under the WTO they're under threat
this is an alternative set of rules and
countries who think like New Zealand or
the other countries that are in CP TPP
have got a different route where they
can club together in a friendly manner
actually and facilitate the growth of
their own economies for the benefit of
their people
well what about China I know that Japan
certainly sees it as a threat and not
just for trade but even geopolitically
and that's one of the reasons why it was
so keen on pushing this agreement
forward but other countries who are and
there's been this new block actually
have agreements with China is China
gonna be out left out of it forever is
it possible that it might join to we've
already got a free trade agreement China
we were the first country in the world
to have a free trade agreement with
China and his work but for both New
Zealand and for China we don't see China
as a threat we recognize them as being a
superpower and that they have a profit
place in the world and we through our
trading relationship with them have
improved our relationship with China to
our mutual benefit for countries like
Malaysia the new TPP has many goals but
keeping China at bay is not one of them
Japan has been key in pushing this
forward has it really helped spearhead
the last year but Japan has also made it
clear that it sees this is more than
just a trade agreement but rather as a
way to counterbalance the growing
geopolitical power of China which is its
main certainly it's a trade rival in a
region that is becoming more unstable
just Malaysia's have the same view well
you know I hate to get into any
discussions about geopolitics you know
for us we are a trading nation and for
us the global market is our market so we
don't particularly say that you know we
want to just have agreements with the US
or the EU or Japan or ASEAN for us every
opportunity to open up markets we will
use them
we have been using free trade agreements
regional trade agreements and to a
certain extent also the WTO to open our
markets for our businesses so we don't
necessarily see the TPP actually from
our point of view a geopolitical
instrument are you surprised that the
United States of President Trump and his
Treasury secretary have suddenly had a
change of heart or appear to be having a
change of heart and I'm not talking
about having conversations to see if
they can rejoin well I'm not totally
surprised because we know that this is
an agreement which actually benefits the
u.s. also and we know that there are
many quarters in the US especially the
business circles and then there are also
administration officials who think that
the TPP is a good deal for the US and it
was a matter of time that there will be
some rethink and that the u.s. may want
to come back to the agreement but it's
not the same agreement as it was liking
now than it was originally yes but I
think if there is requests for total
renegotiations I don't think there is
that appetite among the other parties
after five years we've got a very
balanced package and if you're saying
that that balanced package needs to be
now renegotiated then it is almost like
getting back to square one you would
Malaysia would not be in favor of that
well it's not just Malaysia I don't
think anyone else I could safely say
would be looking for total
renegotiations of the agreement
while President Trump dismisses free
trade deals as bad for jobs
Canada's trade minister enthusiastically
embraces globalization how different is
this Agreement really in those terms I
mean all trade agreements say that
they're going to benefit the working man
and at the end they very often do
exactly the opposite
why should this Agreement really what
difference let me give you three basic
example it is the first trade agreement
in the world where you have a dedicated
chapter on small and medium sized
businesses making sure that we recognize
that small and medium-sized businesses
have a key role in our economy and that
we should take every step possible to
make sure that they can benefit from the
Liberty these new markets that are going
to be open when I look at labor for
example making sure that countries with
maintained labor standards that they
will not retreat from international
convention to become more competitive we
want to have the level playing field in
making sure for example on the
environment that the agreement would
maintain high standard when it comes to
the environment and these chapters are
enforceable Canada is the closest
country to the United States it's it's
do or each other's largest trading
partners and yet you are some would say
in danger of entering into a trade war
Canada's very angry at the fact that
United that President Trump is planning
to increase duties on the imports of
aluminium and steel does the TPP plus 11
do anything to offset that well I would
say there's never been a better time to
diversify I think Canadian understand
that the US will always be our first
trading partner because of the geography
and the size of the US economy more than
70% of our good and services are
exchanged with the United States but
that being said people also understand
that we need to diversify said today is
a very powerful message but once we
recognize that the US will always be our
first trading partner that the economy
also in the world is shifting it's
shifting towards asia-pacific what about
the China I mean this was seen as a deal
to try to offset the growing
geopolitical and economic strength of
China do you still see it that way well
I would say it's you know when it comes
to Canada we have expert ory discussion
about a potential free trade agreement
with China that being said we also
believe like I said when we're in Vina
del Mar with the countries of the CP TPP
that it was in our best interest the
best interest of our citizens to make
sure that we would write together the
rules of trade in asia-pacific well you
know that we would for those who are
part of that make sure that these trade
will would reflect the values that we
have about you know being open being
predictable being enforceable I think
that you'll see Canada and other nations
continue to engage with China it's the
second largest economy so those are not
mutually exclusive
clearly we're sending a signal today
that Canada is very much a Pacific
nation we want to engage whilst we're
doing that with the CP TPP country we
obviously remain open to trade
negotiations with other country in the
region tomorrow says that he's changed
his mind and he wants to sign up again
he wants to be a part of this club what
can it agree to rewrite this treaty yet
again in order to appease the United
States there were 22 clauses that were
taken out that had been put there most
of them certainly to appease the United
States what about now is the United
States in a strong position to twist the
arms of those who have signed this
agreement well I would say that we have
said for the countries that may want to
join the CP TPP that would welcome other
countries joining now the priority as
you would appreciate is signing and
ratification for the agreement to come
into force a number of countries have
expressed interest to join whether it's
Korea whether even the United Kingdom I
said that they'd be interested to join
so for us now I think the CP TPP
countries the focus is very much on now
was keeping an open door policy for
their countries that we want to join in
the future understanding that we want to
preserve the high standard of the
agreement the progressive nature of the
agreement but certainly expanding the
agreement to cover more countries and
more economies Canada will always be
there to
pher inclusive trade and and making sure
that the progressive elements that trade
really reflects the 21st century
reflects the values of our people
reflects what trade should be in this
day and age trade which relate the
people that each and every citizen that
we meet each and every you each and
every women intrapreneur in our case
indigenous people can see you know what
this is working for me this is really
the mission we have and I think this is
a step in the right direction
well I hope this trade agreement will
indeed live up to its promises Minister
thank you very much madam it was a real
pleasure
you
