there's plenty of water here about 300
kilometers north of Brasilia in the ship
our own National Park
Brazil is a land of raging rivers and
expansive legs it's outside the World
Water Forum in Brasilia residents
demonstrated over water rationing and
several national human rights
organizations in a letter to the UN
pointed out that 34 million Brazilians
don't have access to clean running water
or more than 100 million have inadequate
sanitation the water level at this time
of the year the end of the rainy season
should be up to about here but we can
see if we walk down to the water level
as it is now there's simply not enough
water in this reservoir to see this
route and through for the rest of the
year
forcing many to look for alternative
methods to keep the water flowing this
is the Savannah where Brasilia was
created in the 1950s the city is still
growing much of the habitat that was
damaged in the rush to build is now
being replenished by simple replanting
we faced a serious drought in Brasilia
this dam was only at 4% of its capacity
today it's around 68% we know that the
vegetation will help to produce water in
the region we expect this project will
help to recover the water capacity in
the basin that serves brazil's capital
the seeds grow to strengthen the soil is
still not eating water retention where
it's needed and preventing flooding the
idea of throwing seeds into the soil is
a way of reproducing the vegetation
instead of cultivating a plant in a
greenhouse which is a controlled
environment before transferring it to
the land this plant will grow in this
space and adapt more easily than a
transplanted plant the seeds are
collected by hand and stored which also
provides much needed work those mutant
scum is a homophone miracle at them when
we started in 2012 we had one family
which collected 600 kilograms of seeds
in 2016 on the other hand we worked with
more than 50 families who collected 12
tons of seeds the results have been
positive and the project
is growing returning to past methods to
the very source of life itself for a
solution to a very modern problem Daniel
swine there aljazeera central Brazil
