taking the Sheep to pasture has become a
daily gamble for Zephyr a yawn his
village of eine booze is surrounded by
several illegal Jewish settlements up
there on the hills and more and more
often settlers come down enough let's
walk down at the wall that way in one
week they came twice the first time I
was alone and there were 18 of them I
told one of them that I had called the
police but they didn't go away my main
worry was the sheep then six more
attacked me and the others headed
towards the Sheep they stole some I
couldn't do anything alone Zafar was
wounded in the head and says he lost a
third of his livestock
this video shot by the organization
rabbis for Human Rights shows the second
attack a few days later about 20
settlers many masked are seen throwing
stones at Palestinians with Israeli
soldiers standing by the UN says the
weekly average of settler attacks has
increased by 50% since the beginning of
the year these are not isolated
incidents such attacks happen a bit all
over the occupied West Bank and this
very little people can do simply because
Israel is in charge of the security in
about 80% of the Palestinian territory
and Palestinian security forces are not
allowed to operate in those areas the
village of Zephyr is in the so called
area B which means that Palestinians
have only civilian control security
matters are in the hands of the
occupying forces bad with all Guatemala
the army itself attacks Palestinians
with tear gas and rubber coated bullets
even when it's the settlers who are
provoking and the Palestinians are
trying to protect their villages no
settler is ever detained only
Palestinians legal proceedings rarely
reach a conclusion only 8% of all
complaints filed have led to an
indictment less than half to a
conviction it's why the Barossa families
say they never filed a complaint at a
time when they come under attack by
their neighbor settlers on a nearly
weekly basis
they have reinforced all their windows
with metal netting and bars and a string
to quickly pull the shutters in case of
trouble it's been a long time since we
had them wide open we do feel like we're
in a prison but we will stay in our
house it's our home the Israeli army
told Al Jazeera that it takes such
incidents very seriously and will
operate to bring the suspects to justice
but in his latest report Israel state
controller criticized Israeli police in
the West Bank for failing to investigate
crimes against Palestinians which
violate international law heard Abdel
Hamid al Jazeera in the occupied West
Bank
