recent appointments made by US President
Donald Trump to his cabinet have left
many in Washington nervous I'm really at
a point where we're getting very close
to having the cabinet and other things
his most recent appointment John Bolton
as national security adviser underscores
that concern the former US ambassador to
the United Nations was a chief architect
of president george w bush's
justification for the 2003 US invasion
of iraq and appears ready to construct
the cases for other wars the National
Security Adviser among whatever other
functions he or she might have has two
critical roles number one making sure
that the president has the full range of
options in published editorials Bolton
has called for the bombing of Iran and
North Korea last month in the Wall
Street Journal newspaper he called North
Korea an imminent threat arguing it is
perfectly legitimate for the United
States to respond to the current
necessity posed by North Korea's nuclear
weapons by striking first but it's not
just Bolton surrounding Trump with
aggressive ideas Trump's new pick to
lead the US State Department is equally
hawkish Mike Pompeo as CIA director
favors confrontation with Iran tearing
up the Iran agreement and supported
Trump's moving of the US Embassy to
Jerusalem well not a cabinet appointment
in Pompey's place Trump has left Jena
Haspel to take over the CIA during her
intelligence career she wants round a
CIA black site in Thailand where the
brutal practice of waterboarding took
place Trump's defense secretary James
Madison's in his cabinet and although
he's considered by some to be the
moderate voice madis also holds hawkish
views on Iran even the recent addition
of larry cudlow as White House economic
advisor has the u.s. position for an
aggressive trade war to counter Chinese
trade practices but one analyst argues
the changing face of the trumpet
ministry
may actually help the one thing we do
know about North Koreans and Russians
and Iranians is that they do respect
strength and perhaps this show of
strength will be enough to calm tensions
rather than inflame them already this
week Donald Trump has picked a fight
with China announcing tariffs on dozens
of imports into the United States but
fears of a trade war are small compared
to the big concerns about the fight
Donald Trump now appears to be
positioning with North Korea and Iran
kimberley hellcat al Jazeera at the
White House
