Martini's kara was greeted with a
standing ovation it's the same Congress
that pushed him out of his post as
Transport Minister less than one year
ago the 55 year old former governor of a
tiny southern state took the oath amidst
the deepest political crisis in decades
in the Andean nation it's time to say
enough is enough what has happened must
mark the time to put an end to the
politics of hate and confrontation that
hasn't done anything else but damaged
the country the other bridge corruption
scandal led to the resignation of pedro
pablo kuchenski
former President Ollanta Humala is in
jail and Congress approved the
extradition of another former president
Alejandro Toledo from the US on Friday
the new president said he would be tough
on corruption the grave situation that
we've been true merits the clarification
of responsibilities and that any type of
irregularity committed should be taken
to justice
many Peruvians say they are ready to
move on yes almost done so we're tired
of being so underdeveloped of so much
corruption we want Martin to be our hope
that he really improves our country's
development education health and
agriculture should be the main issues to
succeed analysts say the big question
for mascara now is where will he get the
political strength to govern with this
car
Keiko Fujimori and her popular force
party hold the majority a majority that
former President Bill Urbano kuchenski
accused of impeding his ability to
govern his party Peruvians for change
now support mascara but with very few
votes and the challenges for change are
many from reigniting the economy to
fighting crime and pushing forward
rebuilding the country left devastated
by the El Nino phenomenon last year
however many savvy scholars greatest
challenge will be to get the people's
trust an opinion poll says that in early
March 81% of Peruvians didn't even know
his name
Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera Lima Peru
