Cyndi's picture of us when Adrian Stern
went undercover as an ivory buyer in
Zimbabwe he says he received more death
threats than he can count
he's a wildlife photographer who began
investigating the illegal ivory trade in
December speaking exclusively to Al
Jazeera he says he uncovered a poaching
and smuggling syndicate which he
believes is led by the former first lady
Grace Mugabe ivory which has being
sourced either from the national parks
vault being thieved or pilfered or from
live elephants being killed by poaching
syndicates The Syndicate would then sill
- grace macaques clientele she would
then be able to pack that and send it
out through the airport anything through
that Airport that was the property of
the first lady was not searched or
scanned in any way stern gathered
documents undercover videos and
testimonies which he showed to Al
Jazeera's investigative unit
he says they exposed the syndicate and
the former First Lady's involvement this
is the vault from where he says tens of
millions of dollars of ivory and rhino
horn was stolen when he presented
evidence to Zimbabwe wildlife Authority
they allowed him in two alleged
smugglers have since been charged with
possession of ivory and then
investigations been opened a special
advisor to president Emerson mangog WA
confirmed to al-jazeera
in a written statement that the
government of Zimbabwe will seek answers
from all parties were implicated in this
matter including former first lady Grace
Mugabe about their knowledge of the
illegal export of prohibited items from
our country al Jazeera contacted Grace
Mugabe staff lawyers and relatives for
comment he didn't respond during the
presidency of her husband Robert she was
a controversial figure earning the
nickname Gucci grace for her extravagant
shopping sprees hopes of succeeding him
were dashed when the army forced him
from power in November and mangog were
took over three weeks later this
shipment of 200 kilograms of ivory was
seized at her Army's airport Stern says
his investigations uncovered evidence
which appears to connect it to Grace
Mugabe and the smuggling syndicate the
government's keen to clean up its
international image after decades of
Mugabe rule since the change of power
the poaching in the smuggling
investigation is the first major
challenge to the Mugabe family dynasty
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera Johannesburg
South Africa
