in part two of upfront interview with
the acclaimed Harvard professor Steven
Pinker we discuss why in his new book
enlightenment now he downplays the risk
of nuclear conflict and believes that
religion and progress are inherently at
odds but first I began by asking how it
is that he can make the case that the
world is getting more peaceful and that
fewer people are dying in wars when over
the past 20 years alone millions of
people have been killed in Syria in Iraq
in the Democratic Republic of Congo a
million's is an over estimate but
certainly has been hundreds of thousands
and the point is that even more people
were killed in previous decades those
two statements are completely compatible
the fact that the people are still
getting killed in wars is comparable
with the idea that even more people were
killed in wars in earlier decades and
some would say if you're dying in a war
that doesn't really help you if you're
dying in a massive or what is that
that's true but fewer people are dying
in massive wars that's really what
millions of people are dying in these
conflicts that I've actually that's not
true it's not really a Democratic
Republic of Congo how many people died
it's a it's in the probably between a
hundred thousand and five hundred
thousand studies many studies appointed
between 2.4 million and 5.26 it's one
study and with with there was one
studies had 5.2 million and another
study that came along as I thought she
was 2.4 million yeah still in the
millions yeah studies say four hundred
thousand in Syria other studies a six
hundred thousand rows we look at
millions of people so I I use a constant
yardstick those particular studies have
been disputed because they depend on did
you'll figure the dispute to as we well
I I pick the measures that have been
repeated for a year after year using as
constant criteria as possible so like
Uppsala conflict data project that's
probably the the gold standard that we
have for measuring conflict deaths and
so the thing is that improvement is not
the same as utopia and if you are
waiting for utopia that you'll never
lose never with respecting you say
thanks to the Enlightenment and the
spread of liberal values of democracy of
capitalism there's been this long piece
especially in the post-war period and
yet if you start the clock at 1945
there's a good case to be made for that
but if you start the clock of 1939 you
have to include the worst war in all of
human history the deadly
war which doesn't really fit your thesis
again that post-enlightenment we've got
less violent when the worst war in
history happened on that watch
we know the the various improvements
have taken place on different timescales
so in the better angels of our nature i
divided the different decline declines
of violence in two different historical
periods and different scales of violence
and it is true that the decline in war
is really a post-1945 phenomenon and and
the work the period referred to as the
long piece so yeah not everything
happened at 53 years which isn't a great
long period you're a scientist from a
statistic about 73 years is nothing well
it's not nothing I mean it's not it's
not not hundreds of years it's not
thousands nothing and it's not thousands
or hundreds of years not to make this
claim that the world has become a less
violent place thanks to the
Enlightenment based on 73 years whereby
you exclude World War two and World War
one well some say that's cherry-picking
yeah no no because the the claim of the
Enlightenment is not that it
instantaneously brought an end to war
I'm very clear that the decline of war
is a post 1945 phenomenon you know and
maybe it's a flash in a pan maybe it'll
all reverse tomorrow we can't know for
sure but maybe not the but the
Enlightenment did bring the first ideas
on how to reduce war out in the open
they weren't implemented right away and
there were horrific reversals because of
counter Enlightenment ideologies
carrying the day in between so promise
is not magic it's not that when the
thinkers of the Enlightenment advanced
these ideas it began a linear downward
process on all fronts at once a lot of
these were highly uneven they took time
to implement they faced various kinds of
opposition it's heading in one direction
that's to know there are it does it's
not a steady linear monotonic you are
the same in the world is getting safer
and less violent that is you're having
two books running on Eritrea but not on
not through a magical process some sort
of magical escalator
bit by bit with reversals but on the
whole that is the trend yeah and the
trend could come to a screeching halt if
we end up in a nuclear war many would
argue we now have the ability thanks to
the Enlightenment thanks to technology
and science we now have the ability to
destroy the world several times over
with nukes Russia and America right now
are both up
the number of tactical low-yield nuclear
weapons in North Korea we seem to be on
the brink of some kind of conflict maybe
a nuclear conflict former US defense
secretary William Perry says we stand
today I believe in greater danger of
nuclear catastrophe than we faced during
the Cold War he suggests the trend is
going in the opposite direction from you
well there's no doubt that in the last
year it has gone in you know in a bad
direction and again the the Jewish you
gotta go back an amended your book
because Trump and all of this stuff
turned up as you were writing it well no
because I have I have a discussion of
Donald Trump and ways in which he has
threatened many of the the sources of
progress the big one right kill us all
well not necessarily no actually I mean
if there was a massive nuclear war with
a with a nuclear winter that that might
but a single nuclear exchange wouldn't
kill us all
I mean it would be horrific beyond
imagining that's not the same as killing
us all okay but it would undermine your
thesis I think it's fair to say well
it's a nuclear conflict we very hard to
come along and say the world's getting
up to be a better place yes and a
nuclear conflict hasn't occurred I mean
Donald Trump represents the future if
all countries become drunkest if Trump
gets his way and all the policies then
yeah we won't make Congress and the
stroma and all countries don't have to
become Trump is absolutely okay again
look the promise is not magic it is not
there's no case in there that everything
gets better everywhere all the time for
all people that's the way that you
continue to interpret it and so a lot of
critics have interpreted a lot of people
who read your book and the whole point
is they should stop that they're wrong
if they interpret it that way because
the Beat's that give us clarity today
the non-violence on war what is your
position right now my position is that
that measures of death in war and crime
have gone down and and that you
extrapolate nothing about the future
based on that you'd believe they're
going to continue going down well it
depends on the policies your way dart
but every depends on something that's
right so what is your view what is your
belief there are because I don't believe
in prophecy I don't believe in looking
into a crystal ball it completely
depends on what we do and that's why I
say that Donald Trump indeed is a threat
to many of the forms of progress that
we've enjoyed we took all the more
reason that we should appreciate them to
know what we have to lose we definitely
agree on that and one last question you
argue that religion has been and remains
a major obstacle to human progress not
just Islam you go after Christian
other religions yet not only were
enlightenment figures a lot of
enlightened figures religious believers
themselves but some of the progress a
lot of the progress that you document in
the book that you associate with
enlightenment happened in a world in
which most people were believers so how
do you square that with the you know
religions bad a block on progress
enlightenment is good well it's not that
religions necessarily are bad or a block
on progress it depends on the religion
but religious institutions themselves
have evolved under the influence of the
Enlightenment they become more
humanistic to the extent that they have
and they can be forces for progress but
yes I believe in I believe that
appealing to supernatural forces
appealing to doctrines that only people
born into a particular religion share or
under the that they think that they
can't be persuaded of does go against
progress and of course in the
Enlightenment there was even though some
of them were believers mainly ideas
believe in a perhaps a God that created
the universe and then step back some of
them were outright atheists and but the
none of them appealed to particular
messiahs by and large the Enlightenment
thinkers really pushed back against any
kind any religious leader I've morality
even the ones who are deists data is
that the bedrock of your book you like
data we live in an age now where data
doesn't seem to change people's minds
people don't seem to care about facts
and figures what do we do well I mean I
think that that's an exaggeration that
data doesn't change people's minds for a
particular subset of beliefs that have
been attached to particular political
tribes if there's a belief that defines
you as a Republican or defines you as a
as a leftist then all the data in the
world won't won't change your mind but
there there are a lot of phenomena with
that aren't like that where people are
open today no one says the trunk and
drunk driving is a good idea or driving
while while texting people are convinced
by data when they haven't been
politicized and of course not everyone
has has been politicized there are
people who aren't on the extreme left in
the extreme right and even when it comes
to politicized issues will listen to
data Steven Pinker thanks so much for
joining me on upfront thanks for having
me
you
