many in southern Yemen are demanding to
know where their missing relatives are
and human rights groups are accusing
militias which are backed by the United
Arab Emirates of making arbitrary
arrests in Aden thighs and lodge they
say some detainees have been tortured
and others are banned from contacting
their families testimonies given to Al
Jazeera provide new insight into how
young men are disappearing
I'm from Thais I'm the sister of Eunice
Abdul Hamid Nasser he was studying at
college and we don't know his
whereabouts for more than a year no one
can find him I'm the mother of Farooq
Abdullah sonae he was arrested by
Emirati backed forces at a checkpoint in
Aden my son is 17 years old he was the
sole breadwinner after my husband died
he went to Aden to support me and his
five sisters after more than a year and
a half of his arrest someone from the
prison called me and said I'm doing you
a favor
talk to your son when I talked to him he
said mother helped me get out of here
I'm going to die UAE
military which is part of the saudi-led
coalition fighting Houthis in Yemen has
repeatedly denied running secret prisons
but for months detainees have been
describing how they were abducted and
tortured my brother ahmed el mesh wali
he was in the second year at the
University of Aden one day he came to
visit us and tires when he was returning
home he was arrested we found out that
he was imprisoned at bare Achmed an
Emirati man prison my brother
Ali Malawi was working at a restaurant
in Eden's Sheikh Othman area one day his
friends called us and told us that
Emirati forces brutally attacked him and
arrested him we've been looking for him
for a year and a half we urged the
international community to help us look
for the advocacy group called the
mothers of abductees Association says
more than 15,000 Yemenis have either
been arrested or disappeared there has
been an uptick in the pattern of
arbitrary detentions but also enforced
disappearances across the country
and biocides to the conflict in the
south the security belt forces which are
backed by the UAE there have been very
credible investigations into a vast
network of secret detention centers
where hundreds of men and boys are being
arbitrarily detained and for months at a
time without having any contact with the
outside world the three-year war in
Yemen has caused a complete breakdown of
law and order especially in the south
where militias operate beyond the
control of the courts and the
internationally recognized government in
addition to disappearances and torture
militia backed by the UE are accused of
executions and assassinations as well
right groups say journalists clerics and
high-profile politicians have all been
targeted and civilians are increasingly
at the mercy of powerful armed groups
Osama bin Javed house era
