there is no ceasefire here the
pro-government alliances bombing Duma
into submission the densely populated
town in the northern pocket of the now
divided each turn jota and clave is
controlled by the rebel faction Jaysh
al-islam the russian military and the
syrian government want the rebels to
surrender negotiations have stalled duma
in particular demonstrates that there is
still ongoing very active in violent
hostilities and people continue to be
displaced there's really no safe place
in a lot of these areas at this point
families report that they've been
sheltering
in underground shelters in basements
that even have not been able to be
limited from the violence Syrians who
aren't afraid to go to government
controlled territory have been streaming
out of Duma for days numbers vary but
syrian state media said they are leaving
the besieged town in their thousands
passing through the government
checkpoint at el Wafaa Deenie hundreds
remain trapped in duma particularly
those who fear arrest or even execution
because of their role in the opposition
they are demanding an internationally
monitored safe passage to other
rebel-held areas those people are wanted
by the state for opposition related
activities they include medical
activists Civil Defence volunteers and
medics the United Nations says there are
1000 humanitarian and medical workers
who are trapped in eastern hooda with
their families who fear for their future
the government calls them terrorists
accusing them of hiding behind
humanitarian work the Syrian army and
its allies have recaptured most of the
rebel controlled enclaves in what has
been one of the fiercest bombing
campaigns in the past seven years
the remaining towns in the southern part
of the enclaves are controlled by phyla
the raft man that rebel faction agreed
to what amounts to a surrender deal with
the Russian military it says it wants to
end the suffering of the people at
whatever cost that cost involves leaving
their lives and homes behind
several thousand are being bused from
her esta a town once controlled by our
are a sham fighters who are now along
with their families on their way to the
rebel-held province of Idlib in the
northwest it live has become a place
where rebels who agree to hand over
territory to the government are sent and
more often than not civilians accompany
them but it Lib isn't safe
it too is a target for the government
armed forces which are vowing to
recapture the whole country
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
