seven-year-old Alfonso Ortiz is the last
farmer left on what was at one time a
lush agricultural area just an hour from
Chile's capital but now there's no water
not even for his horses the Aquila
Lagoon that for more than a century
provided water for residents and
agriculture has all but dried up and as
elsewhere in the country it's brought on
by drought the overuse of local aquifers
and according to many a privatized water
supply system I think the government
should intervene and make a law to bring
water from the Angostura River here but
there are people who divert the water
because they own it and they prefer it
ends up in the ocean in order to create
scarcity and then sell it Chile's
current water supply laws were
introduced more than 35 years ago by
former military leader Augusto Pinochet
it's a system governed by free-market
rules with reduced state oversight too
often at the expense of poor communities
diera that separation of water and land
rights has brought some problems for
traditional farmers and has benefited
audacious businessmen and some
speculators which is what we are trying
to combat Chile's government has
increased fines to prevent hoarding a
comprehensive reform bill to better
protect the ecosystem and people's human
right to potable water is now before
Congress but officials say the source of
the problem is not just who owns the
water but also the increasing demands of
agriculture and industry ten years ago
people used to come right here where I'm
standing to go sailing and the extreme
reduction of the water levels of the
lagoon is caused not just by an over
exploitation of a vital resource but by
climate change and this will soon have a
dramatic impact on water supplies to the
capital Santiago
a recent study suggests that by 2070
Santiago will have 42% less water
experts say relying on nature to solve
this looming crisis is not enough we
need to get another supply we depend
largely on how much rain or snow we have
in a in a given year we need to import
water from other places
ocean desalinating water in the meantime
those who've depended on the Akula
lagoon will have to look elsewhere for
water if they are to save their way of
life you see a human al-jazeera Pinet
Chile
