a fisherman found the pilot whales in
distress early on Friday morning
volunteers ran to the beach but couldn't
save many a hundred and thirty have died
the ones I've seen go back in the water
they actually come back around and Beach
themselves again i watch one of them it
happens three times and still he
wouldn't go out to sea local government
workers brought trucks onto the beach to
remove the carcasses the whales beached
themselves at exactly the same plate as
a group of 80 did on exactly the same
day in 2009 no one knows for sure why
whales beached themselves these did in
New Zealand last year some think a group
to try to rescue a single whale and get
stuck themselves others speculate they
get confused by submarine sonar rough
weather is another possibility
scientists will carry out autopsies on
the carcasses to look for clues an
opportunity like this is one that vets
and other marine experts will definitely
take on board so they can learn more
about what these animals are eating as
well as the different sizes if there was
a family say or a lot of females males
young calves this provides really good
interesting information that scientists
will benefit in the long run the
priority now is clearing the carcasses
before they float away dead whales in
the sea attract great white sharks close
to shore and people police are warning
them
not to go swimming Andrew Thomas
al-jazeera Sydney
