for the first time in 122 years of the
modern Olympic Games an African city
will host a version of the event the
cars 2022 Youth Olympics is expected to
welcome the best 14 to 18 year-olds
world athletes 16 year-old swimmer Roma
- like Amara is representing Senegal in
this year's of when Osiris games but she
says her objective is to win Olympic
gold in Dakar at home I'm not just proud
of representing my nation I'm proud to
represent all the girls who don't get a
chance to play any sports this is our
time to show that we can do it and win
she is not alone in wanting to achieve
success meet team exams I'm Lions
otherwise known as the smart Lions the
International Olympic Committee is
considering adding eSport to the game
and so the smart lions are preparing for
Dakar 2022 hoping that by then this will
be an Olympic sport the universal
principles and values of the Olympics of
the same as in competitive egay mning
today we fill stadiums for a gaming
tournaments just like any other Olympic
sport we are athletes video gaming is a
one hundred and eight billion dollar
industry and it's booming with backing
from major brands and sponsors but it
may be the Olympics that lead eSports
and the revenues that comes with it more
than eSports needs the Olympics here's a
challenge some of the games are violent
in a heart to follow it's not all
suitable to broad public it's true that
some of the games are not suitable for
young children the Olympic Committee
needs to decide what's right from our
perspective our youth sports like
Taekwondo or karate why couldn't you
have a combat sports - for now the fight
is to get the city ready for the games a
new wrestling and basketball Stadium was
just inaugurated and the government is
building a new city for the event the
organizers here say they want to make
Africa proud with 200 million people
aged between 18 and 24 Africa has the
youngest population in the world but
despite the lack of sports facilities it
continues to produce
of the top athletes on the globe
including in eSports for Team Samsung
Lions and other young athletes here
bringing the Olympic flame home is a
victory in itself worth celebrating
Nicholas Hawk al Jazeera Dakar
