in a law office in Tunis a mother
grieves for her son
Fatima says she'd originally sent her
two boys to Europe because she was
worried about what might happen to them
in Tunisia ahmed her oldest child had
only returned home for a short visit he
wanted to stay for two or three months
and then the revolution happened the
regime of Ben Ali killed him the regime
that I made my son's escape from my son
came back and they killed him
lawyer Lamia for Hani represents Fatima
and many others who lost family in
Tunisia's revolution they accused
members of the security forces for the
deaths of their relatives and want to
see them held to account let me as
brother was also killed during the
revolution and it's an honor for me to
defend these people because of my belief
in this case before everything else it's
personal for me
many Tunisians have for years now also
demanded the government issue a formal
list of those killed in the revolution
and while the preliminary list of names
was prepared in 2011 it was never
released the issue was a huge bone of
contention for relatives of those who
died in Tunisia's revolution they can't
believe an official list has yet to be
published and say their loved ones won't
get the justice they deserve until the
matter is finalized those wounded during
the revolution are also seeking redress
cameltoe Hani says he was shot by
security forces during a protest he
shows us his wounds and explains how he
won't be able to get proper medical care
unless the government includes his name
on a list of those injured during the
revolution pulled up every time I knock
on a door they ask me why I'm coming now
and tell me that I have to wait until
the final list gets published Seaham
Benzedrine who heads up Tunisia truth
and dignity commission tells us a list
of those injured and killed during the
revolution should have been released
years ago she says that her group which
is tasked with investigating crimes that
go back decades will publish a register
of victims spanning from 1955 until the
end of 2013
the victims of what happened during the
revolution it will find themselves
included in this register of victims of
persecution which will be published by
the Commission in the unified register
of victims of persecution back at the
law offices the work will continue and
the grief will go on seven years after a
revolution that shook a region they say
that for them not much has changed
homonym Juma Jazeera Tunis Tunisia
