logan issues leader bitch is a sign of
Somalia's growing sense of optimism at
its covers with shaded tables set
clients mainly made of moral issues
welfare elite sipping expensive coffee
but these days they are having to pay
more for their food and drinks the
government has just introduced a five
percent sales tax for the first time in
almost 30 years many unhappy I just paid
three dollars of tax yet I don't trust
this government they have mismanaged
revenue from other sources including
donor funds these tax will not be
different the reaction of Somali traders
to the tax has been more dramatic shops
and stores in Mogadishu spalling
baccarat market which is a lifeline for
the city and surrounding areas remain
closed for days the traders were
particularly and get by the government's
insistence that they pay the value-added
tax up front we had meetings with the
prime minister in his finance minister
to voice our complaints the meetings was
inconclusive we then decided to shut our
businesses in protests businesses have
since reopened signalling a first round
of victory for the government of God we
explained that there was no going back
on this tax and that it must be paid for
the sake of the nation of Somalia people
relented and now more and more people
are stepping forward to register for
taxation government officials say
revenue from taxes will be distributed
across the regions of the country to
fund healthcare education infrastructure
and security tax collection is also a
key condition for debt relief for
Somalia from the International Monetary
Fund and the World Bank Somalia all
around four billion dollars most of it
interest and penalties on nearly three
decade old
loans made to the former military
government whose overthrow in 1991
plunged the country into years of
lawlessness that that makes it almost
impossible for Mogadishu to access money
from international organizations like
the IMF
forcing it to rely almost entirely on
aid for its budget with some semblance
of taxation now in place days optimism
that Somalia might have been backed on
the road to self-reliance but in taxing
a nation that has seen little official
ladies in almost three decades officials
admit they're facing a daunting task
Mohammed Al Jazeera mo Ganesh
