in the weeks since this community lost
17 lives to one of the worst school
shootings in US history the push for
change has been relentless the March for
our lives demonstration will be the
biggest protest yet and one led by the
students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas
high school you guys are the change that
is going to be the tipping point to help
that happen as they make their way to
Washington to demand gun reform many are
excited about the global response to
their cause just to see the unity of our
our country in our world because the
March is now on seven counts all seven
continents which i think is awesome so
I'm just glad to see that all happen the
national debate these children started
has led to gun reform in Florida but
students say they won't stop until
assault weapons are banned it's an
ambitious goal but what organizers say
isn't beyond this generation someone
underestimates you you can come in from
a position of power that they're not
expecting and that's really what's
happening so I'm just you know riding
the tide and watching and it's awesome
the fight for what campaigners call
common sense gun reform will be long and
difficult parents say the March for our
lives protest is just the beginning
in the hours before the March the
message from these students is simple I
hope that this gets to every single
person as much cool as we can so we can
finally make a change in this country
for the students of Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school getting here has
taken weeks of planning and dogged
determination many of these students are
still dealing with the grief of losing
friends and teachers but their eloquence
and determination has brought them this
far and on Saturday their voices will be
joined by countless others their message
will resonate like never before and the
Gallacher al jazeera Washington
