the latest high-profile meeting for
Saudis chrome Prince sitting down with
US defense secretary James mattis at the
Pentagon our Canadians enjoy a
long-standing relations was received at
the White House at the start of his trip
525 million dollars
that's peanuts for you but newly leaked
documents suggest he's been trying to
influence President Donald Trump long
before his visit began the New York
Times says a Lebanese American
businessman George Nita who's a
political adviser to the effective ruler
of the UAE worked for more than a year
to influence Elliot Brody a powerful
member of the Republican National
Committee
neither is said to have offered Brody
business deals on behalf of Saudi Arabia
and the UAE to try to exert influence
over White House policy policies which
advocated confrontational approaches
towards Iran and Qatar
Brody denies the claims his spokesman
accused hackers working for Qatar for
leaking the documents accusations
Qatar's government has described as
baseless a few look at the blockade and
that crisis the Gulf crisis started last
year there is a context for this and it
seems those preparations reduce this
kind of crisis because it was a trend
there is a consistent plan you know
supported by the two government two
governments financially supported by
neither in Washington and his alliances
and led to all of this it suggested
neither as ploidy to push for the
removal of Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson seen as to even hand it in the
come GCC dispute influencing a person
like Donald Trump is a unique challenge
to the people within the administration
to members of Congress to you know to
his friends and advisers and also to
foreign governments nobody really knows
exactly you know how to get their way
with this guy neither is currently
assisting Special Counsel Robert
Miller's investigation into possible
foreign influence on the Trump campaign
and administration the report in The New
York Times comes as the Crown Prince
continues his three-week public
relations blitz in the United States
he'll meet academics and business
leaders as well as top level executives
from the tech and movie industries but
there are no plans to face the media too
answer allegations that the Saudis and
the United Arab Emirates use money and
business deals to influence White House
policy Allen Fisher al Jazeera
Washington
