they're some of the fastest passenger
trains in the world
Frances TVs which link the big cities
are modern and efficient but the same
cannot be said for the company that runs
them Frances National Railway or essence
F is unprofitable and deep in debt local
services like this one near Paris are
often disrupted because of problems with
staff or aging infrastructure yes there
are often delays it's catastrophic
trains can serve as a late notice it's
often chaos my son who has an hour's
train journey each day so if there is a
problem in his line every other day the
French government says that the essence
F must change so it's proposing some
major reforms they wants to open up the
rail network to foreign investors and it
plans to scrap the special status given
to rail workers which allows train
drivers to retire in their 50s a decade
earlier than most of the population
essence F will lose its monopoly in 2020
under EU rules foreign companies will be
able to run trains on its network the
prime minister says reforms will help
SNCF stay competitive the world is
changing the SNCF must change was it
faced with competitors SNCF cannot
remain the only company to recruit rail
workers and special status created in
1938 SNCF is owned by the french state
it employs a hundred and forty thousand
staff for generations its workers have
enjoyed perks such as early retirement
and extra days off rail union leaders
say the benefits are compensation for
difficult working conditions I worked
long on sociable hours and our salaries
aren't very high the government is
focusing on the special status in these
reforms to make the public turn against
rail workers and win their battle past
presidents have tried and failed to
reform SNCF forced to back down in the
face of stiff opposition from France's
powerful trade unions in manual Mac Hall
wants to be the one to succeed Macomb
may have more leeway because of more
general favourable public opinion in
terms
reforming SNCF I think people now are
more ready to see something different
the government says it'll reform SNCF by
decree that's put union leaders on the
warpath they're promising rolling
strikes macro may be facing his greatest
test
