he's yet another former South Korean
president accused of abusing power Lee
myung-bak denies that but did apologize
as he arrived to face prosecutors last
week stand before you with the tragic
heart I offer my deepest apology to the
people for causing worry
amid times when the economy is in
hardship and the security situation on
the Korean Peninsula is serious the
charges against him include among other
things bribery embezzlement and tax
evasion Lee's accused of improperly
receiving about 10 million dollars from
people and institutions including the
country's spy agency as well as Samsung
South Korea's largest conglomerate
corruption allegations were first made
during the 2007 election campaign
despite that the popular former mayor of
Seoul won and became president the
following year he faced challenges
almost immediately with protests over
American beef imports and later the
killing of South Koreans which was
blamed on North Korea after Lee served
his five-year term as president fellow
conservative Park geun-hye was elected
she was impeached in jailed last year a
verdict in her corruption trial is
expected next month all of the seven
former presidents who led South Korea
since 1980 have faced some form of
corruption scandal either directly or
because of allegations against their
family members five including Leanne
Park have had to personally face
prosecutors mass protests that led to
park's impeachment seem to demonstrate
support for powerful politicians to be
held to account and a recent public
opinion poll taken before Lee stands
trial found almost 80 percent of South
Koreans want to stern punishment via a
shared understanding is being creative
among the public and politicians set
mechanisms should be built to check the
president's absolute power reasonably
and efficiently I think it will improve
one by one Lee myung-bak says he hopes
to be the last South Korean president to
face this kind of prosecution Kathy
Novak al Jazeera Seoul
