even after ISIL has been defeated the
safest way to get to the border between
Iraq and Syria is by air this is a
routes empty quarter the unbar desert
which spans most of her outs more than
600 kilometer long border with Syria
ISIL fighters are still holed up here
and soon after we took off this happened
the US military's Blackhawk helicopters
soup to a low altitude the pilots didn't
tell us what they were shooting at and
we didn't see any moving targets they
had planned on their failure four years
ago on Barr was their final destination
if this Caliphate did not work out which
it did not a us-led coalition is still
helping Iraqi forces but it insists its
role is to aid and assist and not engage
in the fight much of that comes in the
shape of intelligence sharing and
training Iraqi soldiers and that's of
critical importance in hard-to-reach
areas such as unbar province Iraq's open
desert has valleys and dunes ISIL is
trying to create safe havens and the
rough terrain let me tell you that now
we have great knowledge of the desert
and we have secured areas ISIL has
launched multiple attacks in the past
two months and killed at least 17 Iraqis
including soldiers and Shia militia
fighters Iraqi security officials
insists that the clearance operations
are not just to calm public anger but a
genuine effort to maintain security ISIL
conducts up to five attacks a month we
can't disperse our forces in every area
when Iraq forces concentrate in one busy
part also relocate to another vacant
area Iraq plans to spend more than three
million dollars to build a fence with
advanced surveillance and watchtowers to
secure the border against ISIL who are
also known as - they are holding a
geographical area is across the border
on the other side near Abu Kamal this is
very important not just for the
coalition forces but really for the
Iraqi security forces and for Iraq to
prevent any kind of - from fleeing the
fighting in Syria and then coming into
coming back into Iraq
and to root out ISIL fighters the
coalition backs Iraqi troops on one side
of the border and the mostly Kurdish
Syrian Democratic force on the other
side this forward operations base is run
inside Iraq by the us-led coalition but
the French artillery is hitting ISIL
targets inside Syria the fighting has
taken a major toll on Iraq's
infrastructure and it's not over yet
Iraqis in remote parts say that security
forces may control the daytime but the
night still belongs to Iceland and the
real challenge is to counter ISIL from
regrouping on either side of the
Euphrates River Osama bin Javed al
Jazeera Al I'm the iraq-syria border
