another school shooting in America and
more frantic scenes of kids running for
their lives this one happened in a small
town in Kentucky in January two teenaged
students killed 14 wounded by a
classmate who opened fire 17 year old
Leighton Solomon had just arrived to
school as the shots rang out it wasn't
till later that day after I left and
watched the news that it really said in
like no one did this accidentally
someone really brought a gun to school
and shot his classmates like someone
really did this and they meant to do
this and they meant to hurt people
despite it being the first fatal school
shooting in America this year it
garnered very little media attention
most people outside Kentucky never even
heard about it that wasn't the case a
couple weeks later when another school
shooting this time parkland Florida
garnered worldwide attention
fueled by shocking images posted by
students 17 people were killed there
not all school shootings and even mass
shootings more broadly received the same
attention we know that there are certain
factors from the research that show that
some of these cases are perceived to be
more newsworthy than others and have a
little bit more staying power over other
events that are quite similar apart from
the number of people killed another key
factor that kept the Florida shooting in
the news is that the students formed a
movement immediately afterwards to bring
about better school safety and gun
control that movement has gone national
and in turn come back here to Kentucky
where a feeling of being forgotten has
been transformed into empowerment and
demonstrations like this keaton connor
is one of the leaders of the movement in
kentucky and says they've been inspired
by the activism of the florida students
there is no way that we can ensure that
this never happens again
you know there will always be evil in
this world but we can make sure that
it's going to be as hard as possible and
I think that's what we're trying to do
they're now trying to remind the country
that all school shootings no matter how
many people are killed should get the
attention and urgency of the crisis that
it has become Gabriel is Ando al jazeera
frankfort kentucky
