precedents in Myanmar are meant to be
both the head of state and the
government but not tin jaw he knew the
role would be largely ceremonial when he
was appointed two years ago the rail
power is wielded by Aung San su Chi who
led her party the National League for
Democracy or NLD to victory in the
general election in 2015 but the
Constitution which was written when the
military was in charge barred su Chi
from becoming president so she created a
more powerful role for herself
state councilor and made the president a
figurehead well I don't think this is
going to have a huge impact on the
country in the way that it's governed it
is a primarily ceremonial position a
power in the country is really
concentrated in two places is with the
state councilor Hong sang-soo Chi and
with commander-in-chief senior general
Ming online and those are the two major
centers of power and and the president
who's just stepped down to ensure did
not play an active role in policy
discussions tin cha who's had heart
problems in the past has been suffering
from ill health for several months but
his resignation which takes effect
immediately comes months after he called
for constitutional reform a sensitive
topic for Myanmar's military leaders the
Constitution reserves powerful positions
in government for officers tin chores
resignation coincides with increasing
international criticism of the RO hinder
crisis nearly 700,000 revenger fled last
year's military crackdown described by
the UN as a textbook example of ethnic
cleansing the government denies
persecuting the Muslim minority the
Constitution says a new leader should be
elected within seven working days much
of this has been decided in choreograph
in advance so we we anticipate that the
current Speaker of the Parliament NLD
close ally of Aung San su Chi and man
Corps who win Mian
will be nominated as the next president
and that should happen within the next
couple of days Yan Mars first vice
president min to sway who was appointed
by the military leadership is acting
president
until a successor is named Florence lui
al Jazeera
