hundreds of fans wait outside Kathmandu
Airport to get a glimpse of their
favorite stars
Nepal's national cricket team arrived
home on Monday evening from Zimbabwe
after winning one-day international
status and I'm looking forward to
playing the Giants of the one-day game
such as India England and Australia this
comes with a lot of responsibility we
have to improve our game and if
infrastructure is built on the next six
months to a year we can plan and move
ahead it's time the government gives
priority to cricket the path to one day
international status has been a rocky
one for the Nepal ease the players are
talented but the sports administrators
are plagued by allegations of
mismanagement political interference and
corruption involving embezzled funds all
that caused the world governing body the
International Cricket Council to suspend
Cricket Association of Nepal two years
ago Association suspension from the ICC
hasn't excluded the team from
competitions but it has meant a
reduction of more than 90% in funding we
could not do local donna means domestic
zone I mean it got hampered because
there were no board training in a
domestic tournament so we had a problem
with player selection and and all also
the payment problem for people who are
involved in the in the system so the
direct impact and most important impact
that we had in India domestic structure
far from developing new facilities
existing cricket grounds have not been
maintained
still controversies around the sports
administration has hardly dampened the
spirit of aspiring players cricket has
become enormously popular in Nepal
earlier this year one of the national
players were selected for the Indian
Premier League the richest cricket
league in the world and a few people
across the country have started to see
the sport as a viable career option
now with ODI status assured for the next
four years
Nepal hopes to cement its place as a
competitive international team fans here
hope that the sports administrators in
Nepal as well as the newly appointed
Sports Minister will make changes and
start investing in the development of
the sport sabina Shrestha al jazeera
Kathmandu
