for Layla there is no place more
enchanted when she discovered this house
several years ago it was a
transformative event the first time I
walked here I know it sounds funny but
it felt like the the building was
talking to me Layla who is passionate
about preservation worried that not
enough was being done to protect
Tunisia's cultural heritage so she
bought the property which was built in
the 17th century and decided to turn it
into a hotel
the daughter Benghazi is located in the
medina of Tunis a unesco world heritage
site every corner has a story of an
artisan the gypsum carving and the
what's kind of any of the ceramics
everything is handmade the entrepreneur
says the restoration process was
extremely difficult but she was
determined now she puts money back into
her community so that other spaces can
also be restored and more jobs can be
created the artisans are struggling to
make their products sellable especially
with the Tunisian purchasing power
decreasing and tourism industry
decreasing a lot a growing number of
Tunisians say the medina which is
considered the historic heart of the
country's capital is falling into
disrepair while its narrow streets still
contain a rich sampling of Tunisian
artistry and craftsmanship vendors are
growing concerned down one of the alleys
applies a trade he inherited from his
father and grandfather making
traditional Tunisian Shesha hats his
family has owned and operated this
business for close to 100 years
Rosh Hashana when you see a shishio
somewhere in the world it's like you are
seeing the Tunisian flag because it
exists only in Tunisia like many other
merchants here appeal struggles to get
by he also worries an important piece of
Tunisia's cultural past may be slipping
away
there used to be lots of other shops
around here now as you see they are all
closed not that many people are active
anymore in this field but not all hope
is lost and not all traditions are being
forgotten in another part of the medina
Tunisians come together in a colorful
celebration of the past when women young
and old gather in the medina they march
through the old city's alleyways wearing
their country's traditional attire here
generations of Tunisians are attempting
to build a better future on the
foundations of their shared heritage
muhammad abdullah al jazeera tunis
