Altaf Kanani built his empire laundering
billions of dollars for the world's
biggest drug cartels and armed groups
his clients include al-qaeda and the
Taliban Australian law enforcers teamed
up with four other countries in an
undercover operation to lure him out and
take him down I'm Steve Chow on this
episode of 101 East we go inside the
year-long manhunt to bring down the
world's most wanted money launderer the
suburban railway station in Sydney's
wastes commuters head to their platforms
oblivious to the undercover police who
are taking up positions throughout the
station
the man New South Wales police were
watching is a drug dealer he was in
Clyde to hand over $200,000 in cash to a
money launderer he's never met before
money laundering is the backbone of
organized crime money laundering is
designed to hide proceeds of crime and
the techniques that are used are vast
CCTV captured the meeting the drug
dealer and the money mule had a clever
method to confirm each other's identity
one has a banknote and the other has a
photograph of its serial number they
exchanged a token which in this
particular case was a $5 note that was
checked against the blackberry message
which the other party had to make sure
that it matched and then the two of the
males walked off together to take part
in the exchange shortly after that they
were arrested
the arrests led police to a safe house
in this building alongside Sydney's
darling harbor peoples we're a major
drug syndicate was storing a large
supply of ice and ecstasy and millions
of dollars waiting to be laundered what
we found was four million dollars in
cash ten or twelve kilos of ice so the
200,000 is a small percentage of that
the money mule was a lead Nadira a 41
year old from Afghanistan he was a bit
player in a massive international
laundering operation that was helping
wash the profits of Australian organized
crime we're talking about the upper
echelons of organized crime here we're
not talking about opportunistic crime
we're not talking about backyard sort of
operators this is high-volume
very serious transnational organized
crime networks that are well established
and span the globe
the money laundering operation was run
by this man Altaf Kanani a pakistani
criminal who had evaded capture for
decades I think just by the sheer volume
of amount of money he was able to move
the network that he built on six
different continents created an air
about him that he was an untouchable he
was somebody that could not be grabbed
by law enforcement I always kind of
liken him to James Bond villain he fits
the mold he has a worldwide network
moves billions of dollars has all this
at his disposal is the leader or
transnational organization and is
someone that the world looks as a target
from his base in the Middle East
Altaf Kanani laundered drug money for
some of Mexico's most dangerous cocaine
cartels
he also moved money for groups
responsible for attacks in Mumbai in
1993 and in 2008 which together killed
more than 400 people he was working and
moved money for Hezbollah the Taliban
Dawood Ibrahim and many others that
obviously are very very bad people
this guy was laundering money for
anybody and everybody he didn't care why
the pelts of Kanani was the number one
international control as far as
organized crime and terrorist funding
was in the world at that time and we
knew that he was causing a significant
impacts on multiple countries throughout
the world
and and that's why we had to take some
action this is where the Australian
operation to capture Kanani started the
Australian criminal intelligence
Commission a secretive agency which
targets high-level criminals it began as
an investigation into unusual
international money transfers from small
suburban operators in Sydney and
Melbourne it was when we started
investigate that and we started to seize
money and we started to make arrests
that we then started to go further up
the tree and understand who was behind
organizing these contracts in the
movement of money and that's when time
and time again
Altaf can only came up as the extent of
Altaf kanani's network emerged richard
grant ran the name past his counterparts
in the united states we realized that
the Drug Enforcement Administration had
a enormous amount of intelligence on
Kanani and the DEA had a significant
amount of the jigsaw when I heard the
name and I registered it I was like
absolutely we're you know of course
we're gonna do it
Rob caseta his head of the DA's group 44
which conducts covert drug
investigations across the globe John
Clayton a group 44 special agent spent
years targeting cocaine suppliers across
South America the top tier criminals and
in this case all talking on it was a top
tier criminal who dealt with
organizations that their business is
death and destruction and he he assisted
them and completing those those jobs on
a day to day basis and he's a very very
dangerous man
the intelligence trail started here in
Karachi where kanani's family had long
been notorious for street-level gambling
schemes and currency trading
it's in this trade on foreign currency
that actually they their meteoric rise
began to happen up until then they had
been middling and two-bit players
competing with dozens and dozens of
others sort of we're you know Hawking
their wares by shouting at turd at
passers-by on the street and
occasionally scoring a big a big client
in the form of perhaps a government
servant or a rich businessman who would
need to whiten a large amount of black
money journalist Karim Hussain has
followed Altaf Kanani for years he says
that by the mid-2000s Kanani and his
associates were running one of the
biggest currency exchanges in Pakistan a
company called Kanani and Kalia
international from any country to any
country if you wanted to move money
without leaving either trace without
having your name attached to that money
or giving that money the the aura of
legitimately earned money these were the
people who would do it for you Kanani
made his money by doing the vast volume
and charging Commission his Commission's
were low relatively low 3% and I guess
they went up as high as eight nine ten
eleven depending on difficulty in moving
the funds
from his base in Karachi's financial
district
Altaf Kanani exploited an ancient money
transfer system called hawala it's the
first banking system used predominantly
in the Middle Eastern countries and
you'd be able to walk into one place to
an individual who would keep a ledger
and you would be able to drop money off
to that person and he would then be able
to get message or word back in the old
days to another individual who kept
another set of Ledger's and pay a person
for you over great distances
it's an ancient system still in use
today is quite probably one of the most
effective ways of evading law
enforcement because there's really not a
paper trail
Kanani capitalized on an extraordinary
gift for numbers uncanny ability to
recall information he could recall phone
numbers from memory when asked he knew
bank account numbers business names and
again he had several businesses and and
that bank account and he could recall
from memory these numbers which was
which was pretty impressive the exchange
company became a front for an
international money laundry which
surfaced now and then in police
investigations worldwide we're certainly
allege that the Altaf Kanani network
we're turning over between fourteen and
sixteen billion dollars u.s. annually a
year so this sort of gives you the scale
of the enterprise globally that the rich
that else of kanani's network had senior
government servants who may have
accumulated large amounts of money as
taken as bribes or kickbacks and various
schemes rich businessmen who would have
under invoiced and over invoiced their
imports and their exports drug dealers
who would need to export drugs from here
and then bring their money back but show
it as legitimate income here in Pakistan
in 2008 the Kanani operation almost came
to a halt after dramatic raids in
Pakistan and the arrest of his twin
brother but the court case collapsed
it's worth remembering that some of the
most richest and most powerful people in
Pakistan and institutions in Pakistan
were the clients of KK I there was any
number of very powerful individuals who
did not want the light of day to be shot
to be shown into this racket for fear of
their own identities being revealed and
a very very large and a very wide
spectrum of very powerful interests
mobilized in order to try and protect
these people there's an allegation that
a bribe was paid but certainly some of
the the legislation perhaps wasn't as
strong as what it is today and there's
an allegation of political interference
suffice to say that those charges didn't
proceed
Altaf Kanani moved his operation to
Dubai a notorious bolt hole for
organized crime he set up shop there
which was basically his headquarters
where he operated and said over his my
laundering empire from this corporate
office Altaf Kanani laundered dirty
money from across the globe including
Australia
Richard grant
and the Australians persuaded the UK
Canada and New Zealand to assist in the
operation to bring down Altaf Kanani it
was the first time the five eyes
intelligence network was mobilized
against an organized crime target
this is the business and Dubai that
autop Kanani is operating out of its
alza' Rooney exchange the plan was for
an elaborate steam using covert
operatives being briefed to make contact
walking on top canonic directly the plan
was to infiltrate the DEA undercover
agent into the Kanani organization to
establish ourselves as the highest
traffickers or money launderers that we
can appear to be to Altaf Kanani it was
then to develop the evidence that we
would then be able to indict him in the
United States we were posing as drug
traffickers and we had money to be
laundered and we solicited altough
Kanani to launder our money for us and
you know greed is a powerful tool and
anytime someone can make money in this
world they'll jump at the chance
undercover agents across the world were
organized to set up a fictitious drug
syndicate which would contract Kanani to
launder its cash to look like real drug
traffickers they needed a substantial
amount of cash to launder into kanani's
Network and that is where the Australian
taxpayer came into the picture to
federal law enforcement agencies put up
the money this is one of the more
interesting parts of the strategy is
then going back to our CEO and pitching
to him that we needed a quarter million
dollars and we're going to give it to
somebody that we really didn't know with
the hope and the promise that he would
deliver that money into another country
so most police forces would balk at the
fact that you'll lose $250,000 because
that's the risk we were taking I have to
say that our a CEO had the the view that
we needed to be lawfully audacious and
that's what we did so we found $250,000
in the budget and fortunately at the
time that we're doing that the
Australian Federal Police have come on
board
the AFP kicked in another 1 million
dollars the million dollars that was
provided by way of the Australian
Federal Police was actually utilized to
launder those funds in that reverse
transaction piece to identify how the
system worked and the threshold for the
indictment to be realized in the US
under their legislation required that up
to and amend dollars would be laundered
before you could secure that indictment
it was vital for a successful
prosecution that the undercover agents
made contact with Altaf Kanani directly
Trust is everything so we began
conversations we provided opportunities
to for Kanani to make money and then
when it came time where the rotor met
the road we actually followed through
and we gave him what he needed to make
the transaction successful so we gave
him the money we gave him the accounts
we told him we told him who we were we
told him we were drug traffickers
an undercover agent in Australia called
him personally and gained
kanani's trust the team prepared to
handover the first bundle of money
the first cash drop was critical the DEA
put $100,000 in unmarked bills into a
bag and gave it to their undercover
agent he was meant to meet kanani's man
in a car park in New Jersey
it was at a Dunkin Donuts up in New
Jersey area they met in the parking lot
and our undercover meet something they
confirm that the token or the dollar
bill is the serial numbers correct and
they exchanged a curse so that was that
was the first that was the first job
Kanani had promised to wire back the
money
- his commission via a seemingly
legitimate business in the Middle East
now the detectives would have to wait to
see if they really had fooled him
waiting for the money to return was was
the worst part after a tense five days
Rob caseta phoned Richard grant to give
him the good news
Kanani had wired back the Australian
money the money had gone through and the
job was a success so when you were on a
roll with the first batch of money
through the cash drops continued in
Houston Atlanta and New York
it was kind of amazing to see how we can
throw out a state or an area where we
needed money picked up and Kanani was
able to reach into his rolodex and dial
up somebody to help us with that hello
in one recorded conversation Altaf
Kanani revealed he was worried at one
point the operation appeared to stool
there was a moment where we were waiting
I think up to 12 days for money to come
back and the undercover who brilliantly
on his feet
rather than threaten violence to Kanani
which we wouldn't do utilize the threat
of violence against him so the
undercover when he talks to Kanani tells
him hey listen if you don't if you don't
give me this money back soon the cartel
is gonna cut my head off and use it as a
soccer ball and I think that guy cannot
ease attention that okay I you know I
need to move faster with this
the detectives needed visual
confirmation it was Altaf Kanani
at the time what we had was a number of
conversations between the undercover
operative and Canale which were all
recorded and they're very gaming but at
the time we actually couldn't put a face
to the voice we had no physical meetings
with altough Kanani so to get the the
identification confirmed it was decided
to do a Skype video call and that that's
kind of what put us over the top with
the identification in the Skype call the
undercover who was in Australia invited
Kanani to come and visit
either
the agent told Kanani he was calling
about a new business opportunity
see these I didn't cook it he said his
new contact needed to move more money
more quickly
Oh
I would tell you to give
Kanani had no idea that the noose was
tightening after 36 days the operation
reached a critical point the undercover
told Kanani he needed money
picked up in Texas and Kanani as always
made it happen this was where they had
another cash drop and it's where they
hit the magic number a million u.s.
dollars laundered through the Kanani
Network
we moved over a million dollars u.s.
then the penalties were significantly
higher and we wanted to move over a
million dollars because that would
reflect the level of criminality that he
was exhibiting and the impact he was
having on the countries the US and
Australian detectives had successfully
laundered more than a million u.s.
dollars through Canalis Network now they
had to find a country to both arrest him
and get him extradited to the United
States once we went to the lure and
capture phase we we had to find a place
that
Kanani would be comfortable traveling to
we're developing the plan like how we're
gonna do this how we're gonna how we're
gonna catch this guy and so we basically
drilled down to Panama was a was a good
country for us we do a lot of work down
there and they were they were interested
in helping us they needed to come up
with a way to persuade our tough Kanani
to get on a plane and leave - by the
undercover started building a story
about his travel and down in South and
Central America and that we had we had
more business as drug traffickers we had
more business that was happening there
in South America and that if Kanani
could come there and meet meet some of
the cartel members of what we would say
then we would be able to give him more
business
the final sweetener was the offer of a
Panamanian Passport
so I think that was a too big of a
carrot for him to refuse the operation
was about to reach its climax from an
unmarked hangar at Fort Lauderdale
Airport in Florida DEA Special Agent
John Clayton got ready to fly to Panama
to confront Kanani
Kanani flew expecting to make the heads
of a major South American cartel he was
in for a shock
the DEA plane is on the tarmac
surrounded by armed armed guards there's
police police cars everywhere and so
were brought into the detention or
holding area and he was all tough
canines brought out of his cell and then
he has to sign some paperwork and then
he's turned over along with all his
property he's turned over to us what's
going through you I'm like I can't
believe this is really happening this is
uh this is a pretty amazing moment she's
very happy that the case has come to a
culmination and we've got this guy I'll
remember
I think I'd gone home at that stage and
I had my phone and it suddenly the phone
Bing and I looked down there and there
was a text with a photograph of Kennedy
surrounded by DEA agents in cuffs
it was a wonderful thing
Kanani was flown out of Panama and back
to Florida you know as the wheels lift
up the plane takes off you can tell he's
starting to think about like what is
really going on and so then he starts
asking us questions like you know what
what is it I can do to get out of this
situation well unfortunately for him
there was no way to get out of the
situation this was the end of the line
for altough Kanani Altaf Kanani pleaded
guilty in return for assisting
authorities in March last year he
received only five-and-a-half years in
jail with US sanctions in place against
his family and associates the Kanani
Network has been dismantled others have
emerged to take its place there are
other networks for example and out of
Vietnam and of Dubai of Hong Kong the
business that is lost if the Kanani
network is taken down it simply gets
picked up by another money ordering
Network I think the biggest message that
everyone can take from this and all the
drug traffickers and money launderers in
the world is that nobody's untouchable
you
