before the morning bell could signal the
start of class the ring of a gunshot
echoed through the crowded hallway of
great Mills High School in Maryland
police say a 17 year old boy named
Austin Rollins pulled out a handgun and
shot two students one a 16 year old girl
had a prior relationship with Rollins
the other is a 14 year old boy both
remain hospitalized when the shooting
took place our school resource officer
who was stationed inside the school was
alerted to the the event and the shots
being fired he pursued the shooter
engaged the shooter during which that
engagement he fired a round at the
shooter the shooter died at a hospital
police say they've yet to determine
whether he shot himself or was killed by
the school officer meanwhile terrified
parents reunited with their children
school education and then we get calls
that their shootings and people are dead
in schools when is something gonna be
done the shooting here was the 21st
incident involving gun violence or a
threat of violence in US schools since
February 14 that's the day Nicholas Cruz
is accused of walking into a Florida
High School and killing 17 students and
teachers with a semi-automatic rifle
he's now facing the death penalty for
the murders the 16 hundred students at
great Mills had joined in last week's
school walkout in honor of the Florida
victims and to demand a tighter gun
control laws now following a shooting on
their own campus the students have a
more personal reason to protest many say
they plan to attend a student march on
Washington DC this Saturday organized by
the survivors of the Florida school
shooting the event is expected to
attract half a million students from
across the country whose message will be
simple that children's lives are
more important than guns patty Joe
Castro al Jazeera st. Mary's County
Maryland
