a virtual world with a very real money
making data trail users of social media
platforms unaware how profitable the
information they have is for those who
are willing to access it the scandal
involving Facebook may make many of us
reconsider that Cambridge analytic is
accused of misusing the data of millions
of Facebook users we've had quite a few
a whistleblower who worked at the
british-based data mining firm says the
information was used to build a system
which may have influenced voters in the
u.s. presidential election as well as
other votes and how the company even had
dealings with Russian interests we made
it pretty damn clear to a lot of people
in Russia that we had this giant data
side and that it was all sort of
prepackaged with you know predictions
about what's going to influence people
and their political you know orientation
and that that can like plug right in Co
like online display networks and
advertising networks and and that that
data was being modeled by somebody who
is also working in Russia on Russian
projects that were very similar for some
politicians the advantage of using
information harvested from social media
be used as a lure to try and get into
the minds of potential voters but
there's been little questioning of the
consequences which is now why the UK's
Information Commissioner wants that
search warrant to get into the offices
of Cambridge analytic
behind me here and to get an audit of
their servers the details of millions of
Facebook users were reportedly gathered
by a university professor using a
personality testing app he'd created
called this is your digital life while
users gave their permission for
information to be used by him it's
alleged the data was then sold to a
third party
Cambridge analytic in violation of
Facebook's own policies but Cambridge
analytic denies doing anything wrong
says it deleted all records when it
discovered how the data had been
obtained from Facebook
not only is Britain's Data Protection
watchdog after proof that a data was
wiped Facebook says it wants that proof
to the social media giant has since hide
a digital forensics firm to find out how
the data was leaked and assurances that
it was destroyed but its response may
have come too late
Facebook share price fell almost 7
percent wiping nearly 40 billion dollars
off its value the company's chief of
security Alex Thomas is reportedly to
leave because of internal disagreements
at how Facebook should deal with its
role in spreading disinformation
politicians in Britain and the US and
our pushing for Facebook's chief
executive Mark Zuckerberg to appear
before them to answer questions over the
massive data breach meanwhile the
accusations against Cambridge analytical
are rapidly growing an undercover
investigation by Britain's channel 4
secretly taped a Cambridge analytic our
executive appearing to boast about the
firm's ability to sway elections by
entrapping politicians in compromising
situations and conducting fake news
campaigns something Facebook's accused
of enabling and failing to tackle
effectively sonica ago al-jazeera London
