it was a low-key arrival for such a
high-profile visit the crown prince from
Saudi Arabia did not go in through the
front door but soon find himself in the
Oval Office and there US President
Donald Trump addressing mainly a
domestic audience took the opportunity
to outline the financial importance of
the Saudi relationship some of the
things that have been approved and are
currently under construction and will be
delivered to Saudi Arabia very soon this
is Mohammed bin Salman second visit to
the White House in a year and he was
keen to point out this was the
continuation of an old alliance we are
the oldest ally the rest of America and
the Middle East right more than 80
yields but there was a warning from the
President to Saudi Arabia and others in
the region whether its Saudi Arabia or
other countries as we know there will be
no funding it is we have a zero
tolerance for the funding of terrorists
among the things to be covered in the
talks the Iran nuclear deal security
across the Middle East and the war in
Yemen which was also being discussed
across town with some US senators
expressing concern about America's
continued support of the saudi-led
operation in the country US forces have
been actively engaged in support of the
Saudi coalition in this war providing
intelligence and aerial refueling of
planes whose bombs have killed thousands
of people and made this humanitarian
crisis far worse the crown prince's
visit here to the White House marks the
start of a three-week trip to the United
States he'll meet business leaders oil
executives academics representatives
from Silicon Valley's high tech
companies and the movie industry all
aimed at reshaping his kingdoms image
here in the United States but one
analyst says there are bigger issues to
deal with closer to home for Saudi
Arabia of course Saudi Arabia has
transformed itself as a from a status
quo power to to an activist party in the
region which has put it directly at
coalition course with Iran and sets the
stage for a very dangerous and
unpredictable environment there was no
mention of the ongoing Gulf crisis in
the Oval Office a saudi-led trade
embargo against qatar has now been in
place for ten months and
Donald Trump has moved away from his
offer to host talks for everyone at Camp
David Mohammed bin Salman has a long
list of things to be discussed debated
and agreed during this US trip and he
does so believing his relationship with
the president is deep strong and
mutually beneficial Allen Fisher al
Jazeera at the White House
