he's been respectful and disciplined
when talking about Brett Cavanaugh
accuser Kristine Blasi Ford until he
sucked in the atmosphere at a campaign
rally in Mississippi to the delight of
the crowd President Donald Trump started
talking about the woman who says she was
sexually assaulted by the Supreme Court
nominee how did you get home I don't
remember how'd you get there I don't
remember where is the place I don't
remember how many years ago was it I
don't know the president needs
Republican Senate votes to get his
nominee over the line his comments
seemed to have made that job a little
harder there's no time and no place for
remarks like that but to discuss
something this sensitive at a political
rally is just just not right Ford's
lawyers who sat by her side during her
testimony last week described the
president's comments as a vicious vile
and soulless attack FBI agents are still
pushing on with their investigation into
allegations of sexual misconduct by
Brett Cavanaugh the right-wing appeal
courts judge slated to fill the vacancy
on the Supreme Court and an appointment
which could swing the courts ideological
makeup for decades to come
one of his biggest supporters the public
in Lindsey Graham was booed by the crowd
when he offered his support to the judge
and the president at an event in
Washington I don't like what the
president said last night I'm the first
person to say I want to hear from dr.
Ford I thought she was handled
respectfully I thought Cavanaugh was
treated like crap yeah and at the first
White House press briefing in almost a
month the idea the president was mocking
a sexual assault victim was vigorously
rejected he was stating facts that were
given during dr. Ford's testimony and
the Senate has to make a decision based
on those facts and whether or not they
see judge Cavanaugh to be qualified to
hold the position on the Supreme Court
the FBI report could be published at any
time even though a number of potential
witnesses say they've had no contact
with agents that
applicant leadership say they will be
pushing for a vote on Brett Kavanaugh by
the end of the week Allen Fisher al
Jazeera Washington
