an estimated 32 civilians meanwhile were
killed in overnight shelling by the
government about a dozen of those killed
were children who'd attempted to take
shelter in a school
the rescue group the white helmet says
weapons like white phosphorus which are
banned in civilian areas have again been
used zina hada reports is under attack
the northern pocket of what is now a
divided rebel and clave is again a
battleground
there was a brief lull in the violence
but bombardment has resumed after what
Syrian military sources say is the
collapse of negotiations with Jaysh
al-islam one of the three rebel factions
in eastern Jota Jaysh al-islam controls
Duma it is defending what is left of its
stronghold Syrian military sources say
the group refused to accept demands by a
Russian military delegation the program
at Alliance says it will step up
military operations to force a surrender
or pressure Jaysh al-islam back to the
negotiating table the shelling is
targeting civilians and hasn't stopped
in duma this is an airstrike right now
as you can see the plane is bombarding
residential areas then bombardments
haven't stopped since yesterday until
this very moment
tens of thousands of civilians are
trapped in Douma eastern HOTAS largest
population center since the assault was
launched more than a month ago Syrian
government forces and their allies have
advanced deep inside the rebel
controlled area outside Damascus
splitting it into three pockets aid
managed to enter duma during recent
weeks but one of the warehouses was hit
in monday's attacks humanitarian
agencies said the supplies that were
delivered were far from enough but they
were desperately needed by a population
that has been under a tight siege for
months the brief ceasefire in duma also
allowed dozens of wounded and sick
people to be evacuated to hospitals the
delivery of aid the evacuation of
medical cases and a ceasefire are what
the rebel factions are demanding but
it's not clear how much bargaining power
they have they have been weakened after
losing a lot of territory the
pro-government alliance has the upper
hand on the ground and its aims since
the start of the bombing campaign is to
recapture eastern whoooaa and end the
presence of the opposition in the area
the Syrian army is now clearing far
bottner and its outskirts from
terrorists and is removing all the
explosive devices and after that we will
enter in Tarma all the way until we
reach Jobar until every piece of land in
eastern water is liberated the battle
has caused immense human suffering the
United Nations is warning of a further
deepening of the crisis it says more
than 45,000 people have been displaced
70 percent of them women and children
and they along with hundreds of
thousands of others trapped in the rebel
pockets face what the United Nations
calls a catastrophic situation senator
al Jazeera Beirut
