Prime Minister ordered them out of the
Russian embassy in London after the
poisoning a former spy Sergei scruple
and his daughter with a nerve agent in
response British diplomats have been
expelled from Moscow a Britain's Data
Protection watchdog is seeking a search
warrant for the company accused of
misusing information it gathered from
millions of Facebook users Cambridge
analytical is a political consultancy
based in London but owned by a UAE late
company
it's accused of gaining unauthorized
access to the data of 50 million
Facebook users the company worked for
Donald Trump's presidential campaign and
the bracelet campaign in the UK it's
also been tied to a social media
campaign to discredit Qatar in the
ongoing Gulf crisis journalists have
secretly recorded executives boasting
about their ability to sway elections
the news of the scandal wiped nearly 40
billion dollars off the value of
Facebook's shares on Monday
Maryana hand reports many of us provide
information online perhaps with a little
thought about how it might be used and
who it might end up with the scandal
involving Facebook may make many of us
reconsider Cambridge analytic is accused
of misusing the data of millions of
Facebook users a whistleblower who
worked at the british-based data mining
firm says the information was used to
build a system which may have influenced
voters in the u.s. presidential election
and other votes
- this data was used to create profiling
algorithms that would allow us to
explore mental vulnerabilities of people
and then map out ways to inject
information into different in different
streams or channels of content online so
that people started to see things all
over the place that may or may not have
been true this is a company that that
really took fake news to to the next
level by powering it with algorithms the
details of millions of Facebook users
were reportedly gathered by a Cambridge
University professor using a person
testing app he'd created called this's
your digital life while users gave their
permission for information to be used by
him it's alleged the data was then sold
to a third party
Cambridge analytic and violation of
Facebook's
own policies Cambridge analytical denies
doing anything wrong and says it deleted
all records winner discovered how the
data had been obtained from facebook but
Britain's data protection watchdog and
others want proof the data was wiped
Britain's Information Commissioner is
seeking a warrant to search Cambridge
analytic as computer servers and
Facebook wants proof to its hired a
digital forensics firm to find out how
the data leak happened and to make sure
the data was destroyed but that response
may have come too late Facebook's share
price fell almost seven percent on
Monday
wiping nearly forty billion dollars off
its value and the company's chief of
security Alex Stamos is reportedly to
leave Facebook because of internal
disagreements at how Facebook should
deal with its role in spreading
disinformation this theft of data
happened over four years ago so it's
very surprising to see than be so
reactance at a proactive politicians in
Britain and the u.s. want Facebook's
chief executive Mark Zuckerberg to
appear before them to respond to the
massive Facebook data breach and the
accusations against Cambridge analytical
are widening an undercover investigation
by Britain's channel 4 secretly taped a
Cambridge analytic her executive
appearing to boast about the firm's
ability to sway elections by entrapping
politicians in compromising situations
and conducting fake news campaigns
something Facebook's accused of enabling
million ohand al-jazeera
