hi I'm Malika Bilal and you're in the
stream live on al-jazeera and YouTube
today what does the future hold for
ethnic Russian non citizens of the
Baltic States amid tensions with Moscow
the presidents of Estonia Latvia and
Lithuania are preparing for a key summit
with US President Donald Trump in April
and the countries tense relations with
neighboring Russia will be high on the
agenda the countries are Western facing
you and NATO members but Estonia and
Latvia are still wrestling with how best
to integrate non-citizens most of whom
are ethnic Russians Lithuania Latvia and
Estonia declared independence when the
Soviet Union dissolved in the early
1990s many ethnic Russians who had
settled in the Baltic States during the
Soviet era remained Lithuania granted
citizenship to all residents but Latvia
and Estonia require non-nationals to
pass language and history tests to be
granted citizenship well today about 12%
of Latvia its population and 6% of
Estonia's population are non-citizens
the vast majority are ethnic Russian so
here in our studio to discuss this Inga
spring gay is an award-winning
investigative journalist and broadcaster
and is one of the two founders of the
Baltic Center for Investigative
Journalism from the Latvian capital Riga
we're joined by Olga Prochazka an
educator and entrepreneur and from
Brussels we have Yana tome an estonian
politician and member of the european
parliament welcome to the stream all of
you now I want to start with the view
from Estonia to give our viewers a look
at how some people became non-citizens
in the Baltic States after the fall of
the Soviet Union Alexander Zukerman is a
journalist in the Estonian capital
Tallinn and he lays it out for us here
when Estonia gained its independence in
1991 there was a possibility to those
people who were ethnic Estonians to get
Estonian citizenship automatically but
some
people Russians we have 300,000
russian-speaking people in the story at
that time so many of them decided to get
Estonian citizenship to pass
examinations and to get Estonian
plasmons some of them thought that it's
better for her for them to have a
Russian passport so they got a Russian
citizenship but for the rest who
couldn't pass an exam there was another
possibility to get this temporary
document so-called great or aliens
passport with this passport they can
live in Estonia but they cannot be
elected to the Parliament they cannot
participate in the elections to the
Parliament they can only vote for the
municipal government now we have 85
thousands of these people which is quite
strange for Estonia which is a member of
a European community yeah now you saw
the report there what is daily life
like for these non-citizens who hold
this gray Passport first let me clarify
make a little clarification sure we have
at the moment 32% of Russian speakers
and half of them are Russian citizens
mm-hmm
half of them are Russian citizens almost
half and half of them are non-citizens
okay and we have almost 9% of Russian
citizens and 6% of non-citizens so with
her speaking in terms of integration or
belonging to European Union and so on
and so forth we have to remember these
things and as you know a few days ago
there were elections of President of
Russia and 20 2012 Estonian living
Russian citizens voted on this elections
and we have 94 percent those who voted
revolution which is which is another
another part of this puzzle so to say
but if we're speaking about non-citizens
they are they have no political rights
they can vote only local elections they
cannot be candidate so be elected or
vote in European Parliament elections
national parliament they cannot exercise
right to free movement for instance if
you are non-citizens and sitting on
citizens we are going to work to Finland
you have trust to permission to work
after 19 days they cannot exercise the
right to free movement of services if
you move with your company to another
member state you can move your company
but you're going to move yourself which
is kind of absurd and they have a lot of
other small or big restrictions like
they cannot work and certain positions
like I don't know policemen or firemen
for instance and in general
russian-speaking population have a lot
of problems unfortunately instead we
knowing that there are similar
restrictions in Latvia but I wanted to
bring in this view via twitter maud ra
says i agree that this topic has to be
talked about but i completely disagree
with framing this as non citizens are
the victims narrative that gives a very
crippled picture of how things actually
are she goes on to say my personal
opinion russian non-citizens are not so
much excluded as they have excluded
themselves by not wanting to become
citizens and by not learning and
speaking the Latvian language it's a
choice that being said civic society in
Latvia could be more proactive to make
conscious steps towards including
non-citizens more by reaching out and
listening to their opinion do you think
that madara here has the point what is
the situation with the street to eat
because I think that there are kind of
two sides one side is that when
politicians are bringing up this issue
and also foreign media maybe also like
you you are kind of exploring this issue
also kind of locally I don't see it so
much as an issue I can hear that now
Russians would say I am Latvian so I
don't understand because I am Latvian
but I think yes like this lady in
Twitter is saying Russians in Estonia
and also Russians in Latvia they have
rights if you want to have all the same
rights like citizens you have right you
can go and pass exam and have all these
things what Yana tone was now saying
what's kind of impossible to do for them
now but then this question why they
don't go and don't don't do this and
it's
and of this historical perspective why
Elsa very well be my answer oh I think
it's kind of unresolvable issue about
integration because 50 years Latvia
where annouce of Estonia we were under
occupation by Russia it was called
Soviet Union so Latvians who are we
alike no 1.9 million people still in
families me now family members who were
deported to Siberia there is still like
this offenses sad feeling so we feel
like like Latvians feel like we are
under threat and and we still see these
Russian people here as occupiers not so
much as liberators meanwhile Russian
people who there are generations who
have been who have been warned in
lottery and they feel like they are
latvia's people and they feel they're
kind of offended many people if you will
ask why you don't go and don't pass
these exams they would say it's a
question of principle I was born here I
came here i liberated this country I
built this country like during Soviet
Union times I know you asked me to go on
and pass this exam so on this on the
citizen level like on people level I
don't see that there is kind of a big
issue there are two nations we feel
totally different but I think we live
quite well but then there are
politicians like I'm sorry young Tom and
also in Latvia we house the same that
janasthana who was also a longtime
Parliament in Europe Parliament member
in Europe Union Parliament and they
bring it up as political issue and I
think this is where a lot of problems I
want to give Jana the chance to respond
to that Jana you know I speak and I'm
tired to respond to that kind of things
it's not interesting I'm sorry I'm sorry
to say I was elected to European
Parliament by Estonian citizens for as I
said before non-citizens cannot vote in
European Parliament elections which
means that this is an issue and
committees very strong signal that
Russian speakers of Estonia and also of
Latvia are waiting that Brussels can
solve their problems
Brussels not Moscow and there is only
two alternatives in Brussels or Moscow
if we do not do it somebody else will
help us please can you answer the
question why these people they have
rights to govern pass exam why they
don't do
they can get it to three guys I can
answer you that I will get your view
Jana but I want to hear what Olga has to
say oh go go ahead okay this is a very
neoliberal approach like everybody I can
do can become a millionaire why they all
don't go and do this the problem is that
there are hard feelings on both sides so
Latvians feel offended by Russians
historically but historic but Russians
feel offended by elevenses well
unfortunately for example by the fact
that during the liberation from Soviet
Union the promise was made by by a major
political force that all no one would be
left behind all would be citizens
everyone will have the same rights and
then this promise was broken and and
this lays very very hard on on Russian
community and I as someone who has
received her citizenship automatically
by by birth I can quite understand
somebody who is not real willing to go
through a certain procedure that also
requires investment from from a person
sides like for example you have to pass
a language test but no free courses
state-funded courses were provided all
this time so if you are somebody working
on two jobs like trying to make a living
you'd probably not have money to go to
courses and to pass the exam in a in
this very independent fashion Yana yes I
absolutely agree and there is another
thing I don't know about lot van I mean
language I am NOT a linguist but I know
what is tuned in this is really really
complicated language and it's absolutely
there is nothing nothing common with
Russian language and nowadays if you
want to have a stolen citizenship you
have to proceed exam on b1 b1 is enough
to study at the unit
in any country I mean if I if I want to
learn to study I don't Italia to Great
Britain to Italy to whatever I have to
know is still this language and be one
it's not easy
and for some people who are living for
instance in the Burano County in Estonia
where we're having Narva seated nine to
seven percent of Russian speakers there
is nobody to speak Estonian with and
there is no all goes absolutely right
there there is no courses which will be
free of charge and it is it lasted for
25 years the only thing which we had to
do we have to to teach our people to
speak Estonian but we failed to do so in
more than 25 years
so you're saying about how the
difficulty it is to learn a new language
I want to give the view of what it's
like to take the test the citizenship
test as well we sent a team to the
streets of Tallinn Estonia to hear what
residents think about this citizenship
issue and we heard a range of opinions
we picked out just to for you have a
look my personal experience is that
passing the exam is quite possible if
you want to do it you have to make an
effort but if the requirements to pass
the exam were reasonably lower the
number of people aiming to pass the exam
and get citizenship would be higher than
abortion I think they have to provide
citizenship to anyone who wants it and
the problems would be over everyone
would just be a citizen I was born here
I was raised here if there were
citizenship without the need for exams
there would be nothing bad in it so you
know those are to varying views there
and the last person said that he thinks
that everyone should be given that
citizenship of course that is something
that both Lots vien and Estonian
politicians do not can you explain that
reasoning badly answer well none of the
country's politicians would accept is
what Yenta mentioned at the beginning
92% of people in Estonia who went to
participate in Russian elections voted
for the Damier Putin as you know from
foreign policy I'm sorry even more than
in Chechnya
it's a joke for us I'm sorry but those
in there are not non-citizens those are
Russian citizen tlemen was saying to
giving over them like citizenship
automatically I think this would be used
as reason for more politicians via with
not gonna go because they will measure
loyalty of these people buy homes
they're voting they supported the
mid-foot and we in Latvia and also a
human Estonian listen Avicii Russia's
threat loudly may Putin his part of
Russia like Kremlin I would say Russia
is Russian people is like in general but
Kremlin says the threat so this is the
one of the thing
so what Latvians would say also from
this what Yana Tom rises issue about the
difficulty of the test I also have heard
is quite many times from people when I'm
doing my research or stories like it's
so complicated language also Latvian
analysis old lady and she now should
learn lottery and but we've been
independent for 25 years there was I
assume quite enough time my mom went to
work in Norway as a house cleaner Sheila
and Norwegian in 55 when she was 50
years old I don't bite as argument but
where I agree with Olga and also what I
observed in my that there is this kind
of attitude which comes from Latvians
which makes Russian speakers feel
offended because as I rised as I said at
the beginning many of these people have
been born in Latvia and now if like
popular nationalistic politicians are
saying go home you are occupants where
they should go Latvia is their home and
this is not so much even about policies
that we should give money for Russian
dance or song festivals which has always
been about integration programs has just
treat them as as one of them they are
Zayas they're not like Russians and I
think if I may shortly we were planning
to do it alike research and education
and quality in Latvia and we asked these
parents where you send your kids to
Russian schools like liberal loitering
and Russians not to Latvia school attend
schools they say because we are afraid
that our kids will experience these
attitudes in Latvian schools are you are
Russians even like on children level and
they don't want the children to
experiences so they are not saying that
there is no problem but I disagree with
this problem which is rights like on
political issue which petitions as using
and populistic purposes and I hear your
nuance there you meant
something about measuring loyalty and
okay I'm gonna direct this to you but we
got several people talking about Russia
this is a tweet we got from Pulu me who
says many ethnic Russians in the Baltic
countries have parents or uncle's who
served proudly in the Soviet Red Army
also remember they still have a cultural
connection to Russia and don't want to
be part of an anti Russian military
alliance Russia knows this fact and will
use it so that's one view but although
we also got the view on the other side
from a journalist this is the editor of
the Moscow Times and he says that isn't
necessarily true have a look very
sporadically the Russian government or
the Kremlin the Kremlin's news networks
point to the phenomenon of non-citizens
in Estonia and Latvia as an example of
the European Union's failure to uphold
the basic principles of fundamental
human rights Moscow has typically
followed those accusations by saying
that if the West is unwilling or unable
to resolve the issue then Russia will be
required to address it but for many in
the West that's an alarming proposition
precisely because it sounds as familiar
as it does to Russia's justification for
annexing the crime Crimean Peninsula in
2014 when it said that Russian speakers
were under the threat of prosecution
feeling disenfranchised by Latvian
society does not necessarily mean that
those populations are prepared to take
up arms for Russia so Olga what do you
make of his point this isn't exactly the
same issue that we saw in Ukraine or
Crimea yeah and in fact there has been
research into that after the annexation
of Crimea there was a huge social survey
that was funded by government of Latvia
and the result was that Russians they
want to keep their Russian identity but
they don't want Russian any Russian
tanks in Latvia and they feel quite
comfortable with their European
lifestyle and they wouldn't want to swap
it for living in Russia living standard
there is there and I see that it is a
huge problem that Russians in Estonia
and Latvia are seen only as sort of
extension of the Kremlin
they are denied the agency of their own
and they identity of them whereas in
fact when I go to Moscow for example
they can immediately tell from my accent
that I'm not a Russian Russian and I use
certain words which they don't even use
and and they tell me that I dress
differently so and of course Russians
here they have no other home as is
Latvia or Estonia in in any case and I
think there will be another problem
right now because we will have
Parliament elections in October and this
Russian issue will be a big topic
because now our National Party is a main
conservative national parties they
propose that all studies in Russian
schools and secondary school should be
only in Latvian language if you read my
mind
inga take a look at my laptop as you're
talking here this is a headline I pulled
up that's me as next election day to
decide it and that is October and this
is the headline that's been circulating
bill against Russian language in Latvian
schools past in second reading so gone
and the point is that we already have
like for last year's this policies that
80% of this classes had to be in Latvian
and 20% was in Russian but now like
national politicians want to change at
all it should be only in a Latvian
language in state-funded schools if it's
private so to make little clarification
but they still want to keep segregated
school system when Russian kids learn in
separate schools but they only do it in
Latvian but they still they don't merge
with with life and kids with teachers
who are not native speakers and teachers
who are not Latvian speakers but who
have been living in Latvia Kippur almost
all of their life and and okay you can
say like me see young you are tom was
saying something it's not about like
modulars population or Russians I don't
have practice where to speak but we have
like many Russian schools in Riga and
it's not like rationalized Society you
have opportunity to speak so there is a
question these teachers had the
opportunity to learn proper Latvian to
teach this
kids but there is another again that is
a problem maybe there is not such a good
quality of Latvian language because
again what we have heard from Russian
liberal parents that the level of
Latvian language in these Russian
schools are really on a low level I'm
sorry I mean this one who are not
actively going out in protests which are
organizing you are you're completely
ideological who are doing in a deaf and
other way how they are trying to improve
quality not like you masoom who are
using it as a political issue and using
as propaganda tool and today I'll say I
hear your point there and and you
mentioned elections you mentioned
parties using this Martin Latvians I
said that it will be used as propaganda
tool from Russia as this you know this
Russian issue about schools so it is a
concern for some take a look at this
tweet here Carrie Casper says
integration will be possible in Estonia
when politicians stop using ethnic
tensions to divide the electorate during
elections more efforts are also needed
to address segregation in all areas of
life and workplace discrimination so
Yana Inga mentions elections coming up
in Latvia someone here is talking about
the politicians in Estonia do you think
that this is being used as a political
issue to tear people apart
absolutely it's always used as a
political issue now we have idea of
reform party that we have to switch our
kindergartens into this tone and
language which is not a bad idea but the
problem is that we just do not have a
student language teachers I have five
children and my youngest children is
studying in fifth class he is 12 years
old in russian-speaking school and I
just see mistakes in his in his school
books which are done by a lady who is
teaching the student my student is
better than that this is not normal this
is about this is about two quality this
is one thing the second thing is that
okay
you can you can study this language and
you will learn it but the problem is
what would you be able to say after it
during Soviet times during Soviet
occupation we had 10 years in Russian
school and 11 years in Estonian school
why for it was there were so many
and lessons that they just needed this
extra year to to learn in a proper way
their own language Estonian language now
our children do not have this
opportunity and during the time when
they're students as children children
are learning some fun things like I
don't know programming computer whatever
else our children are learning I don't
know geography in a still network when
they're 10 years old
it's not easy and in fact if we look at
Pisa tests you know what is Pisa tests
then we see that Estonians from a
student school are doing much better
that children from Russian schools I
hear your point about it not being
normal there I pulled up here because
this is something that you are working
on especially for this year Estonian
Inipi and to Latvian members of the
European Parliament reminding European
Parliament of the topic of what's called
here in this article stateless residents
with some would say are non-citizens you
sent them this reminding them that this
is the issue that you're pushing where
are you with this
we are waiting I also have this card
here yes we're waiting for hearings for
workshop in beta committee which will be
held in April I believe that we will
have also hearing in European Parliament
in beginning of June and the problem is
for me that you know we can we can argue
about a stone and a lock that language
but here in Brussels if we're speaking
about citizens of Europe were not
speaking about national identity this is
the problem of Latvia and Estonia we
don't have political nation still don't
have political nation were speaking
about locked fence and non Latins about
the students and non-students and this
is this is a problem for us but here in
Brussels if we speak about citizens of
Europe was speaking about everybody
about all you find me in about 20
seconds Inga go ahead so if I may I
don't think that we will also be talking
about political Nations because we are
Latvia via night 1.9 million we are
shrinking country we are dying out data
shows it in 2030
almost coughs Latvian population will be
50 years and older there will be less
born babies so following this until we
get to the point where there might be a
resolution don't forget to keep
following this story with hashtag it a
stream thanks for joining us
