you'd be forgiven for thinking this is a
new fashion collection but the tidy rows
of color tell a different story more
than 2,000 items fill the room they're
all from a Greek refugee camp that no
longer exists
evidence of disrupted Syrian lives on
the move and a refugee crisis that's not
going away it was created by Chinese
artist and activist Ai Weiwei and it's
part of an artist-in-residence program
Holly Farrar body runs at Doha's fire
station gallery
he hopes exhibitions like this will
inspire local artists who explore new
ways of creating art we had Damon Hertz
we have Richard Serra we have Murakami
so all these names has really a big
impact with the artists here we are not
looking for beauty it's more like our
table fertilization Dmitri pokrovsky is
a Serbian graffiti artist who lives in
Doha he's one of many who find
inspiration by creating art that focuses
on social and political messages
including the nine-month long blockade
of cotton graffiti most of times is a
form of activism but sometimes it's also
very personal or and doesn't relate to
anything other than the person who is
doing it but here it's a great way of
expressing things for a cause
and the message dmitri hopes this type
of exhibition will help to broaden his
skill activists art has been pushing
boundaries for years but it seems so
much more relevant today as well
politics becomes increasingly
unpredictable many artists believe
activism through art is one of the most
potent ways to navigate through divisive
politics
it may have truly flourished as a result
of the Arab Spring but could still
potentially lead to change years later I
saw the artist Malala Diane who in 2005
made the work about that is called the
choice about women driving the right for
women to drive it's only ten years after
her artwork that women start to have the
right to drive among the most striking
developments in the region is the
emergence of female artists sharing
those ideas on the contemporary art
scene suspended together is Mao's
installation which represents the lack
of freedom of movement for Saudi women
these doves have been on a journey to
Europe and back and are imprinted with
travel permission documents as a nod to
Saudi women who can only travel with
consent from a male relative Hannah L
sadly is a coterie artist who's
experimenting with stereotypes and
gender roles in her society Doha's Matt
Hoffman has given her the space to
exhibit her thought-provoking art this
is a piece she created last year a woman
with a traditional face fell and
ballerina attire to symbolize personal
freedom she's now working on a public
sculpture that she hopes will create
debate Sarah here at al jazeera Doha
