the Russian president spent Monday
basking in the warm glow of his
record-breaking success he had said he
wanted to reach out to his opponents and
build bridges abroad meeting with all
the B's and candidates his language
could hardly have been more conciliatory
William William quit you me we must vote
and we will give necessary attention to
further strengthening the country's
national defense capability but I wanted
to tell you now that no one is going to
accelerate any kind of arms race we plan
to build relations with all the
countries in the world in a way that is
constructive we will aim for and of
course encourage our partners towards
constructive done fears that his vote
share might go down had proved
groundless after all even if there was
the minor inconvenience of people being
filmed stuffing huge reams of ballot
papers into boxes still the margin of
victory was such that even independent
monitors accepted that cheating didn't
make much difference it was a one horse
race most candidates publicly expressed
their certainty that the incumbent
president would prevail in the election
with many of the candidates themselves
stating that they did not expect to win
the election elect genuine competition
thus efforts to increase the turnout
predominated over the campaign of the
consistence after his victory on Sunday
Putin thanked his supporters with one
big team he said but the same cannot be
said for his relationship with the
European Union whose foreign ministers
met in Brussels on Monday in recent days
Russia had accused several countries
including Sweden and Slovakia of holding
supplies of the nerve agent used to
poison the spicer geese crippled the
European backing of the UK position on
the poisoning also led Germany to
question its entire partnership with
Russia forgiveness survived in woodland
the result of the Russian election has
surprised us about as much as the
circumstances of the election obviously
it is impossible to speak for fair
political contest as we know it the fact
that this result was also achieved on
what is recognized as Crimean territory
is another aspect which we found
unacceptable we continue in the
knowledge that
will remain a very difficult partner but
also that when it comes to firing
international solutions that Russia is
indispensable for Germany to question
the strength of its relationship with
Russia is a far far bigger problem for
the Kremlin than the collapse of its
relations with the UK add to that hugely
condemnatory language from countries
like sweden and slovakia in recent days
and it starts a lot like a much bigger
structural problem for Russia with its
so-called European partners only adding
to the sense of isolation for Vladimir
Putin the real worry for Russia is that
Germany is on the point of signing a big
new deal to import Russian gas Poland
with long-term hostility to Russia is
now urging the Germans to scrap the deal
many Russians idolize their president
because they regard him as impervious to
pressure a strong man who can take on
everyone single-handed he might say he
wants to get along with other nations
but as he starts his fourth term more
and more countries are lining up against
him lawrence lee al jazeera Moscow
