it's claimed Georgia NIDA organized the
power summit late in 2015
five middle-east leaders were on the
guest list there was Mohammed bin Salman
then deputy Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
Mohammed bin Zayed the Crown Prince of
Abu Dhabi Egyptian president Abdel
Fattah al-sisi the crown prince of
Bahrain Prince Salman knew King Abdullah
of Jordan Middle East I says leader
urged them to create a new power bloc in
the Middle East to combat Turkey and
Iran and he would lobby for them in
Washington Libya was to join the group
later it's alleged nadir a convicted
pedophile was told they liked the idea
those at the meeting were concerned that
as the u.s. presidential election was
moving into high gear Democratic nominee
Hillary Clinton would protect the Iran
nuclear deal and would be less keen to
abandon old alliances but the meeting
thought the Republican candidate Donald
Trump might be more likely to support
their initiative we have seen for the
last nine months that there has been a
new alliance that has emerged between
the United Arab Emirates Saudi Arabia
Egypt and with Bahrain as a junior party
as a junior partner and whether or not
that alliance can't sustain itself in a
long run that is unclear but there are
certainly efforts to boost that alliance
at the expense of the Gulf Cooperation
Council it was reported that King
Abdullah of Jordan briefed congressional
leaders in the u.s. that Turkey was the
main regional factor stability but he
later allegedly fell foul of the group
for not fully supporting the blockade
against Qatar which is now 10 months old
and Jordan voted against Donald Trump's
controversial move to recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel this
block that has so to speak emerges is
not an block that can implement and
carry out actual policy and what we have
seen us that the u.s. prefers bilateral
relationships with each of the six GCC
countries and therefore unity is
essential leader is being investigated
as a possible key link between Donald
Trump and the Emiratis
and to see if there was an attempt to
buy influence by indirectly sending
money to the Trump presidential campaign
leader also arranged a meeting in Trump
Tower in December 20
sixteen that brought together Trump's
son-in-law and key advisor Gerald
Kushner then chief strategist Steve
Bannon and the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi
he was also at a second meeting in the
Seychelles which brought together
significant Trump donor Erik Prince and
this man Carol Demetria a Russian banker
with close links to President Vladimir
Putin several embassies were approached
for comment on the Middle East eyes
allegations no one provided any reaction
Alan Fisher
