US President Donald Trump was clearly
impressed with the reception he received
in Saudi Arabia and it's likely the
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
can expect a similar greeting perhaps
just a bit more understated when the two
speak their words will be closely
watched Trump initially sided with the
blockading countries against Qatar but
then reportedly pushed by then Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson he later called
for the crisis to be resolved but
Tillerson is gone fired by tweet
millions have been spent trying to
influence this debate I like to say if
there's any winner in the blockade its K
Street K Street is a euphemism for
lobbyists Ben Freeman studies the
influence of foreign money he says
millions have been spent since the start
in June according to public records
since the blockade Saudi Arabia spent
more than two million dollars on new
contracts with lobbyists but many of the
amounts aren't recorded so it's likely
much more the UAE has also increased its
lobbying and Qatar did as well according
to the Center for Responsive Politics
spending at least five million as of
last October and they continued to sign
contracts after that worth hundreds of
thousands of dollars a month but Freeman
points out Saudi Arabia has a big head
start they started lobbying after 9/11
Qatar was working before they just
didn't have anywhere near the scale of
the Saudi Lobby before and to be fair
Qatar still has one of the largest
lobbies that and that there is it's a
it's a very powerful and effective Lobby
- it's just simply not in the scale of
the Saudi Lobby right now you might be
asking why people pour millions of
dollars into the lobbying firms that
line the streets of Washington DC while
they are trying to buy access to
policymakers and they are also trying to
shape public opinion the firms have to
detail their work public records show
several sending talking points to
reporters posting Twitter ads and
putting competing commercials on cable
news they want to limit our sovereignty
Qatar and North Korea partners in terror
Saudi Arabia has benefited from some
positive press some of the most
influential colonists have praised the
crown prince as a reformer but there
have also been some negative stories as
well
one alleging bin Salman has been
secretly keeping his mother
from his father for years she was on her
house arrest and they believe that he
did this because he felt that she was
not on board with his plans for a
paragraph and several organizations have
printed detailed accounts of the alleged
torture of prominent Saudis at the
ritz-carlton in Riyadh still bin Salman
has spent millions to make sure he will
find a friendly reception at the White
House and on Wall Street while millions
more have been spent in hopes he won't
Patty cocaine al jazeera Washington
