with Russians and the world looking at
six more years of Vladimir Putin the
question what next has an obvious answer
but with his constitutional limit of two
consecutive terms reached in 2024 there
are plenty of people wanting to know if
that will be it but putinism perhaps
these journalists arson he might return
in 2030 what you say is quite funny
let's count you think I'll sit here and
tell him a hundred no no and when
questioned about any constitutional
changes
he had this reply okay at the moment I
have no plans to carry out any
constitutional reform as far as the head
of the government is concerned and the
government as a whole I've said that I'm
of course thinking about it but I'll
start thinking about it substantively
from today Putin comes out of these
elections with the highest percentage of
the vote in his rule so far several
instances of fraud were caught on camera
harmless looking old ladies voting twice
or stuffing reams of papers into boxes
but the Central Election Committee has
judged that there's no reason to
question the results in general to
compare it with 2012 when we have a look
at the so-called the violation map there
are at least two times fewer violations
even if we count the reports of possible
violations in recently annexed Crimea
which featured so centrally in the
Kremlin's electoral theatre pro-putin
sentiment is strong 92 percent of people
who voted in Crimea voted for Putin he's
seen here particularly in this naval
city of Sevastopol as the man who saved
Crimea and the Russian Black Sea Fleet
from falling into the clutches of
Ukraine's Western leaning governments
only the minority population of muslim
tatars
is a significant voice of opposition but
clearly some russians are unhappy about
political stagnation there will be no
development we will spoil relations with
the whole world will hold a dirty world
cup and that will be it this voter in
Yekaterinburg also depressed by the lack
of change was asked why he voted
Putin anyway I don't know so thinks
don't get for us it's a measure of
Russia's aversion to the turmoil that's
engulfed it so often in the past and
it's a sentiment Putin has long taken
full advantage of voting for him is
voting for stability even if for most
Russians life isn't likely to get any
better
war each Alan's out of zero Crimea
