estimates vary on the number of
civilians who have crossed into
government control territory because of
military operations in eastern hota but
it's believed to be in the tens of
thousands many people found themselves
back under government rule as front
lines quickly changed the pro Syrian
government camp is calling this a
victory a liberation but human rights
organizations are expressing concern
following as of yet unverified reports
of people going missing or arrested no
one needs to be reminded about the
violations that we have seen in places
of detention by government forces from
torture ill-treatment sexual violence
and even executions in order to ensure
the security of these people that are
fleeing from eastern revolta we do need
to have independent monitors on the
ground thousands remain trapped inside
an ever-shrinking rebel and clave many
of them are wanted by the state because
they were involved in opposition
activities medics Civil Defence
volunteers are particularly vulnerable
so our media activists who the
government accuses of being terrorists a
reporter working for the Syrian
opposition orient TV is missing the
organization says he is being held along
with members of his family by the
government it is demanding his release
leaving through safe corridors the
pro-government Alliance has recaptured
approximately 80% of the enclaves
Eastern huhta is now divided into three
pockets in the north the largest town
Duma is surrounded it's the same case in
nearby her asta and both are split off
from the rest of the area the rebel
still controls some towns in the
southern edge each rebel faction
controls a different pocket AAHA regime
controls her asta facial Aslam controls
the north and phylla Cal Rothman
controls the southern towns the three
rebel factions are involved in separate
negotiations with the
Russian military they are insisting that
the negotiations do not involve an
evacuation of civilians and rebels but
it is clear that anything short of a
surrender will be a non-starter for the
pro-government alliance the situation on
the ground is an indication that talks
are not going well the pro-government
Alliance resumed its offensive from the
air and on the ground after a brief lull
piling more pressure on the opposition
since the military campaign began just
over a month ago the Russian military
and the Syrian government have made
clear that agreeing to leave to go to
other rebel-held areas is the only
option the opposition has if the
military assault is to end senator al
jazeera Beirut
