all those people who'd spent their time
queuing for the speech might have been
forgiven for being a little nervous this
was a big moment for their party in
their country and their prime minister
often looks unsure a bit of a robot
so it was to everyone's surprise when
Teresa may launched herself onto stage
dancing queen the soundtrack wall of it
designed to offer her a charisma she's
often accused of lacking plainly they
loved it as well as being relieved last
year she was paralyzed by a cough and
the set fell apart behind her doing all
this at such an important time in the UK
took some courage in the last few years
some something's changed for the worse I
think she then embarked on a speech
which painted her as a much softer
figure trying to bring together a
country at war with itself over leaving
the European Union but when push came to
shove she indicated there would be no
more concessions from her in the endless
negotiation with Brussels Britain isn't
afraid to leave with no deal if we have
to leaving without a deal introducing
tariffs and costly checks at the border
would be a bad outcome for the UK and
the EU it would be tough at first but
the resilience and ingenuity of the
British people would see us through her
friends and her enemies in government
will both have found something in all of
what she said
never mind that she made no mention of
every financial warning that the UK
economy could fold in the event of a
hard-r exit this was rhetoric from the
trenches of World War one we stand at a
pivotal moment in our history it falls
to our party to lead our country through
it when we come together there is no
limit to what we can achieve compared to
the robot she's often painted as this
was a confidence passionate and at times
very personal speech which will have
gone down extremely well with the party
faithful but opinions are things like
British ingenuity and blitz spirits will
do nothing to persuade the European
Union that she has a new plan if
anything what this speech did was to
make a no deal hard breakfast
much more likely the other thing this
will be seen to have done at least for
now is to shore up her leadership as
Prime Minister but both she and the
European Union are sharpening their
knives Lawrence Lee al Jazeera
Birmingham
