for sedima and her fellow university
students their mission isn't just clear
it's also personal we're a team of four
students who often take public
transportation and while we take public
transportation we face sexual harassment
a lot in the public spaces selma tells
us it's a terrible and terrifying
situation that women in tunisia face
constantly
it's why she and her team are developing
a mobile app called safeness wherever
you're walking on the streets alone and
you don't feel safe you will send your
location to one of the trusted person
that you that are subscribed in the app
this person will get notification and
they will track your movements until you
arrive safely home or your f to the
place you're heading to despite their
busy class schedules they meet as often
as possible the app will allow this
victim if she wants to to know what are
the police stations that are nearby and
the hospitals that are around her so
that she can take action at that moment
even in a country many say is one of the
most progressive in the region for
women's rights this group says there's
simply no time to waste
Tunisia passed a landmark law last year
criminalizing domestic violence since
then several women here have launched
initiatives to raise awareness about the
numerous issues affecting their safety
and security the new legislation also
includes provisions outlawing sexual
harassment in public spaces at a
conference in the country's capital
organized by a SWAT nurse at a local
women's rights organization participants
discuss what more needs to be done I
mean the law if we have a low it's not
it's not necessarily implemented or we
don't have the budget or we don't have
the process to to to monitor it and to
and to evaluate it and second the people
who are supposed to apply the law like
the police or the menaces they don't
know they are not trained they don't
have the skills and the tools to do that
in this era of the me to movement Salma
and Aisha like others in attendance are
encouraged we've been seeing
through 2017 there were many women that
were raising their voices and taking
action so it's really like a moment and
yeah I think it's we can make it
they say real change whether through
grassroots activism or technological
advances can't come soon enough
mohammed abdullah al jazeera Tunis
Tunisia
