the island of corridor was seen of one
of the most decisive battles in the
Second World War it was the last line of
defense for American and Filipino troops
from invading Japanese forces since then
it has become a memorial of bravery and
sacrifice but for many Muslim Filipinos
Corregidor is also a place of a national
betrayal Abdul Rahman if trees walk
through these walls hoping to see the
name of his grandfather it isn't here he
says but it does not diminish the
importance of what happened here fifty
years ago I studied the Bangsamoro
struggle and the Bangsamoro history and
then I found the story of this job EDA
and so as a Bangsamoro youth we are at
the correct historical injustice because
we are the future of the Bangsamoro in
the late 1960s before martial law was
imposed the Philippine government
already wielded enormous control over
state forces and many of its operations
were shrouded in secrecy operation where
deca was a covert military plan by
former President Ferdinand Marcos to
destabilize sabah and take it back from
Malaysia Filipino Muslims were recruited
under the guise that they will be able
to join the Philippine military but the
plan failed and the massacre of more
than 20 Filipino Muslims sparked a
rebellion in Mindanao that continues to
this day it is believed that a total of
about 60 Filipino Muslims were recruited
and most of them remain unaccounted for
various armed groups and rebel leaders
have for decades demanded separate state
for more communities in Mindanao more
than a hundred thousand people have been
killed and millions more displaced
governments have tried and failed to
achieve a peace deal many local leaders
believe that's because historical in
justices have never been acknowledged
the job' the massacre is not taught in
schools or written about in his
books and so in a small and solemn
commemoration of Joe Beda those who died
are honored fifty years ago those
Filipino Muslims being trained as
soldiers wrote their names on these
walls
local leaders say this may have been a
desperate act as they were being held
captive by the military and probably
already knew they would be killed but
they wanted the country to know they did
exist and remember what happened here
Jamel Allen bogan al-jazeera Corregidor
Island central Philippines
