they fought and survived one of the most
fatal virus escaped West Africa in
decades a group of survivors of the 2014
Ebola outbreak are working on an
awareness strategy to help others in
Senegal
they say the disease is still killing
people three years after the country was
declared ebola-free
the post Ebola complications leads to
the death you know death of 15 of EVD
survivors in the country and that one is
too bad there is also a risk mitigation
therefore even in public in the country
itself that if we don't have proper
clinical care failure will be a minute
we'll be at a risk because members mil
survivors some are still there
that I have on fragments of the virus in
the simian Ebola appeared insanity on
two months after the first outbreak in
Guinea in March 2014 it killed thousands
dozens were already dying before how
arrived this symmetry in Waterloo is
dedicated to victims of the disease
thousands of them are buried here some
Sara Leoneans believed many could have
been saved if donor funds received by
government had been used properly this
symmetry is a constant reminder of one
of Sara Leone's darkest moments
activists and survivors still struggling
to recover I in court demanding
accountability on how 14 million dollars
of money meant to fight the disease
vanished the history of Ebola is that
when it strikes one it may strike again
the whole idea is make sure that the
victim survivors get justice but if
Ebola we are to strike again that our
government is prepared that our
government judiciously manages whatever
funds are set aside to respond to the
virus that is what we're doing this I
got one official told Al Jazeera but
they have not received communication on
the matter from the regional court
government says more than 4,000 people
died
activists say the numbers are higher for
now their biggest challenge is dealing
with health complications and the stigma
of having contracted the virus how many
trees al-jazeera Waterloo sarolea
