like reports just over five weeks ago
athletes and visitors arrived in this
snowy region of South Korea for the
Winter Games now that much of the snow
has melted and the final medals have
been awarded it's time to say farewell
with a closing ceremony for the biggest
ever Winter Paralympics about five
hundred and seventy athletes from 49
countries took part including for the
first time in a Winter Paralympics North
Korea the show of unity started with
athletes from both Korea's marching
under a unified flag at the Olympic
opening ceremony they helped to make
these the peace Olympics that the South
Korean government had hoped for will you
be giving each other the Olympics acted
as the path that led to Donald Trump and
Kim jong-un agreeing to hold talks and
Korea became a driving force behind
promoting peace felt like a really big
deal a lot of people have said that the
Winter Games led to the easing of
inter-korean ties which is very positive
and I feel great about it
South Koreans enthusiastically supported
the Paralympics with record-breaking
ticket sales but many complained they
couldn't watch Korean athletes competing
because of a lack of television coverage
it was difficult to tell our children
who was competing at the Paralympics and
with what kind of disability it's hard
to find out if it's not in the media so
that was a bit disappointing petitions
to the president led to broadcasters
showing more Paralympic events it's
hoped these Paralympics will help
improve conditions for people with
disabilities in South Korea here in the
host city organizers built and upgraded
facilities to help make them more
accessible but around the country older
buildings narrow pathways and uneven
surfaces can make getting around
challenging for those with impairments
they're issues being shared with the
host cities of the next summer and
winter games Tokyo and Beijing so we
want to take advantage of the fact that
we are staying in Asia for a decade to
really improve accessibility but also
the way people perceive persons with an
impairment because it's not only about
physical structures is about mentality
as the International Paralympic
Committee president closed this
celebration he paid tribute to the
renowned scientist Stephen Hawking who
passed away on Wednesday and like the
athletes here refused to allow his
disability to hold him back
Kathy Novak al Jazeera Pyeongchang South
Korea
