this is still happening in the besieged
pockets of rebel-held Eastern buta
airstrikes and shelling have continued
on Duma one of the largest and most
populated parts of the entry from inside
Duma this footage from a drone shows the
shrinking boundary between rebel
fighters and advancing forces loyal to
President Bashar al-assad thousands of
people have been wounded in more than
1500 killed in the latest onslaught
Malaysia we hold the United Nations and
the Security Council directly
responsible for their silence around
these crimes and for failing to take
action to prevent these crimes but let
us not forget the party that holds
direct responsibility are the Syrian
regime and the countries that continue
to stand by it like much else of
rebel-held Syria relentless bombardment
of Goethe has forced most of it into
submission the building's over parking
garages no longer stand
that's a washing machine hanging out
from the shell of an apartment block a
fridge shows what was once a kitchen
another floor appears to show bathtubs
and the caved-in roof the cameraman who
filmed it says this used to be his
neighborhood creators on top of
buildings are the entry points from
where rockets and bombs entered these
buildings until recently Eastern Jota
was home to almost 400,000 people the UN
is said to be negotiating with rebels
for an evacuation deal many don't want
to leave because they fear conscription
arrests reprisals and revenge once they
leave Jota more than 20,000 have fled to
government controlled areas but tens of
thousands still remain inside we lived
in horrible conditions we did not have
food water or wood
serious military has released videos of
tanks and soldiers rolling into the
streets of towns across Eastern huhta in
addition to Russian air cover government
forces are backed by Iranian troops
Hezbollah fighters and Shia militias
from Iraq and Afghanistan they say they
have almost won but they're taking over
another area decimated by Syria
seven-year war Osama bin Javed Al
Jazeera
