politics is about persuasion to win
votes politicians need to know who to
persuade and how to persuade them
that's where firms like Cambridge
analytical in the u.s. come in they
collect huge databases of information
about people that means companies or
political parties can tailor their
adverts or messages to specific
audiences harvesting the information is
legal as long as the people giving it
know it's being collected I think people
are getting VI are getting to a point
where they're just providing information
and not thinking about the implications
and there are security issues there are
privacy issues and there are issues that
hey it ain't none of your business and I
think everybody ought to think twice
before they reveal any information
unless they know why they're doing it
details from millions of Facebook users
were gathered by a professor from the
UK's Cambridge University using a
personality testing app he'd created
called this is your digital life those
Facebook users gave their permission for
the information to be used by him but
it's alleged the data was then sold to a
third party
Cambridge analytical in violation of
Facebook's own policies Cambridge
analytical was employed by Donald
Trump's presidential campaign in 2016
they often personal information had held
on millions of Facebook users is said to
have allowed the Trump campaign to
influence how many of them voted the
companies also said to have done the
same thing in the run-up to Britain's
brexit vote in 2016
Cambridge analytical denies wrongdoing
it says it deleted all relevant records
in December 2015 when it discovered how
the data had been obtained from Facebook
it also says none of the data was used
for the Trump presidential campaign
Facebook also says it's done nothing
wrong it's legal counsel says we are
moving aggressively to determine the
accuracy of these claims if true this is
another unacceptable violation of trust
and the commitments made we will take
legal action if necessary to hold them
responsible and accountable for any
unlawful behavior while Facebook has
suspended
analytical some say it's not doing
enough the entire statement that
Facebook published
essentially contradicts itself because
it talks about you know all these
measures that they are going to take to
protect the data but and on the other
hand they knew that you know there had
been a bridge of data and they hadn't
done anything this latest controversy is
again raising questions about whether
personal information should be used as a
political tool Rob Matheson al-jazeera
