after days of waiting it took barely 10
minutes for British ambassador Laura
Bristow to be handed Russia's written
response we gave Russia the opportunity
to explain how the material got the
souls brief and we asked Russia to
declare that material that sex tape
ability to the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons Russia
did neither
therefore we announced certain steps
Russia today has informed me of the
steps that Russia will be taking in
response to that the decision to remove
23 British diplomats from Russia
mirrored UK prime minister Teresa Mae's
own statement on Wednesday expelling 23
Russian diplomats from London the
countermeasures didn't stop with the
expulsion of British diplomats from the
embassy here they were as well what the
Russians would call asymmetrical
measures to match two resumes promised
of looking more closely at the sources
of Russian money in the UK so Britain's
diplomatic presence in Russia will be
further reduced by the closure of its
consulate in st. Petersburg Russia
second city and the operations of the
government funded British Council will
cease a charity that promotes British
culture abroad the Russian government
has long suspected it of being a cover
for British intelligence it is though
what in diplomatic speak might be
described as a measured response what
seems the Russia does not want to rescue
eight before us she wanted to escalate
then the response to British explosions
could be an even more severe like with
the Americans they could explore more
they could cripple actually the British
mission in Moscow most likely Russia
sending a message
what's quoted a rhetoric continues but
no more serious action in London Theresa
May chose to double down Russia's
response doesn't change the facts of the
matter the attempted assassination of
two people on British soil for which
there is no alternative conclusion other
than that the Russian state was culpable
the British government may be emboldened
by a show of support from allies like
France and Germany along with news
aimed at Russia by the United States
Russia meanwhile may be looking for ways
to calm things down
Jonah hole al Jazeera Moscow
