Bangalore is the epicenter of India's
high-tech industry it's even nicknamed
Silicon Valley despite all its advances
in cutting-edge technology it's facing a
major problem water or rather the lack
of it in very future the Bangalore will
be run out of water this is this is the
main point it is and then if anything
this city is going to be get collapsed
it will be because of the water itself
the city's population has doubled over
the last 15 years to more than 10
million as young IT workers arrive to
take up high-tech jobs but about half of
them have to rely on tankers for their
water supply I would say this is because
of unplanned urbanization that has
happened in the Bangalore landscape so
the senseless irresponsible urbanization
Bangalore Dry fields are replacing what
was once fertile and profitable land
farming is now a luxury and fewer crops
mean higher prices at local markets it's
also a challenge elsewhere in India
thousands of farmers marched to Mumbai
recently demanding more access to land
and financial help from the government
India is not alone inadequate supply of
water have become an international
problem Cape Town in South Africa has
its own crisis to deal with after a
three year drought the city is predicted
to reach day zero in early July when its
water supplying reservoirs sink below
thirteen percent of capacity in India
the Supreme Court is now involved last
month it allowed for a new river sharing
arrangement for the Indian state of
Karnataka of which Bangalore is the
capital and the crisis are what they
call as if not today the looming problem
which is going to come that will that
will almost force almost everyone or
every house to take up measures like a
rainwater harvesting and water
conservation measures it's hope the
warnings are now being treated seriously
enough that action can be taken to
preserve water and keep it flowing
cassia la posada y on al-jazeera
