on Tuesday Jamal khashoggi walked into
this Saudi consulate in Istanbul to
collect proof of his divorce so he could
remarry he hasn't been seen since
Gaddafi Allah went on to zero
we are positive he is still inside and
we are waiting with his fiance who is
with us here we are staging a sit-in
here until he is released once an
adviser to the Saudi royal family
Khashoggi fell out of favour as he
became increasingly vocal in his
criticism of Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman I still see him as a reformer but
he is gathering all power within his
hand and it would be much better for him
to allow a breathing space for critic
for thoroughly intellectuals or early
writers through the media to debate the
most important needed transformation
going in the country khashoggi left
Saudi Arabia last year as the government
began its recent crackdown on dissent
arresting clerics intellectuals
activists and businessman in the absence
of any reliable information khashoggi x'
website now declares he's been arrested
but Saudi authorities insist he left
their consulate what this is it shows
most of all is the contradiction in the
Saudi regime's claims that it is opening
up that it is liberalizing we've seen a
lot of talk a lot of statements from
Saudi officials heading in that
direction but when you look at the
actions of the government government we
see something very different
The Washington Post says it's very
concerned about the whereabouts of one
of its prominent commentators in a
statement the newspaper said it would be
unfair and outrageous if he's been
detained for his work and we hope that
he's safe and we can hear from him soon
Jamal let me start with you talking to
Al Jazeera and March khashoggi spoke of
the changes in Saudi Arabia it is an
important transformation that requires
all of us to contribute to it to discuss
it and no one should be jailed though is
waiting for him outside the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul would agree
Nastasia teh Al Jazeera
