it's not an image youngsaeng Suchi that
anyone would have created a few years
ago but now refugees in Australia blame
her for the persecution of the row hinge
er in Myanmar they are disgusted that
Australia's government has welcomed at
the Sydney
unless she saw and she indicates to
solve the problems that had a problem in
her own country while Longshanks uchi is
in Australia with other leaders for the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations
or ASEAN summit five lawyers are trying
to get her prosecuted we have lodged a
private prosecution application in the
magistrate's court of Victoria accusing
unsung SUCI of crimes against humanity
specifically the crime of deportation
and forcible transfer of people
Australia's Attorney General says by
international convention Heads of
Government and ministers of Foreign
Affairs have immunity from prosecution
but human rights lawyers say that
immunity shouldn't apply on sang-soo she
is not officially the head of Myanmar's
government and lawyers say what they're
accusing her of has nothing to do with
her Foreign Affairs portfolio so is it
covered by the immunity protocol others
in Sydney protested the presence of
Vietnam's Prime Minister Nui traffic and
Cambodia's leader hon sin who's been
accused of crushing the opposition and
violating human rights there's not a
strong unambiguous message from the
Australian government about when Sens
crackdown in Cambodia I think it's you
know a big mistake for the government
just completely gloss over those issues
or just deal with them quietly on the
fringes these should be front and center
of a summit like this
police are not allowing protests right
outside the Convention Center where the
ASEAN talks are happening but these
protesters did get close the ASEAN
Leaders will be able to hear these
protests where they're meeting but it's
unlikely they'll be talking about them
too much but then the focus is on trade
and
Australia's Prime Minister Malcolm
Turnbull says he'll raise their hinge a
crisis with Aung San su Chi but his main
focus on Saturday was combating
terrorism and how to pursue free trade
opportunities in the face of
protectionism together we can seize
those opportunities but to do so
governments and business must remain
committed to the rules-based order and
be fierce advocates and persuasive
advocates above all for free and open
trade the ASEAN summit runs on both
Saturday and Sunday the protests are
expected to as well Andrew Thomas al
Jazeera
