Crimea with its dramatic coastline has
long held a romantic place in Russian
hearts and since it was annexed from
Ukraine four years ago it's Russian once
more
Vladimir Putin who says he took the
decision to reclaim the peninsula held
his last big campaign rally in the port
of Sevastopol on Wednesday he thanked
the crowd for voting in the 2014
referendum which most countries never
recognized and which so soured relations
were the West's most various union with
your decision you showed the entire
world the meaning of true democracy not
the Sham one he took part in the
referendum and made a decision you voted
for your future and the future of your
children your crimeans are voting again
on Sunday the first time they've ever
done so in a Russian presidential
election and the peninsula has been made
a central symbol in the Putin campaign
bloody me Putin is reminding people that
he is the gatherer of Russian lands it's
fairly hard for him to boast of any
meaningful economic progress so defense
security and national pride are his
campaigning aces in crimean tatar towns
like historical back cesare the mood is
different Tatars who mainly opposed the
annexation intend to boycott the
election but they say they're being
pressured to vote if there are threats
at all levels that people could lose
their jobs for example in our local
school the director says think again
have local people don't go to the
elections they might fire me therefore I
think some of the teachers will go the
national spotlight is on Crimea
fresh from an appearance on Russia's
main TV channel we spoke to Crimea's
Deputy Prime Minister and he denied any
dirty tricks are being used the election
is a completely free and democratic
process therefore Crimean people go to
the polling stations and make the choice
they want we think turnout will be quite
high similar to what we saw at the
referendum because Crimean people don't
see it as an obligation it's a
celebration for us
as the home of Russia's Black Sea Fleet
Crimea has always been strategically
important for Moscow and this year it's
electorally important to worry challon's
al jazeera Crimea
