not everyone who came to vote at
Washington DC's Egyptian embassy were
aware of the opposition boycott of the
presidential election but all of those
we spoke to were staunch supporters of
incumbent president Abdel Fattah el-sisi
why aren't you boycotting the election
it's crazy
no boycott there's supposed to be you
know what what they doing in Egypt now
is never happened before everybody have
to come and vote I don't think it's
constructive opposition is like saying
no for no for any it's just no anything
but don't you think that the other
opposition candidates clearly have been
either frightened and intimidated out of
the race or of a put in prison I'm not
sure but with Sisi facing a candidate
who's endorsed him and with the other
opposition candidates withdrawing as a
result of arrest or intimidation some in
the diaspora say that casting a vote is
pointless are you gonna go and vote at
the at the Embassy I have no intention
to why not
so they used to have this joke of like
you know electing Mubarak or Mubarak and
so I think they know the result in
advance and I think that in this
particular election they know also the
result in advance and that's why many of
them are not enthusiastic about going
and casting ballots the polls open in
Egypt on March 26th and earlier this
week in Gyptian American some of whom
have been detained by the Sisi
government came from across the u.s. to
Washington to lobby their members of
Congress to pass a resolution in advance
among the demands tying US aid to human
rights and for the u.s. to support
independent election monitors
participants say they had a receptive
hearing on Capitol Hill
the degradation Egyptian economy mr.
Democratic aspirations of Egyptians not
being met you're seeing the fomenting of
a society very quickly could become
uncovered and that's against us back at
the Embassy Sisi supporters continue to
vote I love yes I would for him but for
now it's difficult to quantify how many
Egyptian Americans have heeded the call
for a boycott Sheraton C al Jazeera
Washington
