well-liked and bright my Mustafa had
everything going for her a promising
future she come to live in the UK from
Egypt and was studying engineering my
daughter it's like Angela you don't you
do anything for anyone it's very kind
good last month
Miriam was attacked by a group of young
people in the English city of Nottingham
Miriam was taken to hospital placed in
an induced coma
but never recovered it was about 8
o'clock at night when Miriam boarded a
bus here in the centre of Nottingham
it's alleged she was attacked on the
pavement by a group who then followed
her onto the bus and continued to abuse
her Miriam's family say she and her
sister had been attacked by some of
those in the group before and are
struggling to comprehend what happened
do you believe this was a hate crime I
can tell something like this because
right now I don't have any any answer
for this my question why this happened I
can Jesus I can tell something like this
Maryam story has been well-documented in
Egypt and on social media
with speculation running high about
whether the attack was racially
motivated police here say they're
keeping an open mind and say there's
nothing to suggest at the moment that
this was a hate crime the local MP told
me justice must be done this is a very
welcoming and diverse City and we are
very proud to have people from all
corners of the world here in Notting and
this is a very very unusual but clearly
quite distressing situation and
everybody from all backgrounds whatever
their religion wants to see justice done
and that is absolutely the feelings of
everybody throughout our criminal
justice system the Egyptian authorities
are calling for those involved to be
swiftly brought to justice this is an
ongoing investigation one which has left
a city in shock and a family broken Emma
Heywood al-jazeera Nottingham
