the masks are in part to hide the smell
the white tarpaulin is because liquid is
dripping through the orange one from the
body wrapped inside there's not much
dignity in this but in parlor right now
there is a lot of need at the roarr
roarr hotel they are searching for
between 50 and 70 guests who are inside
when it collapsed near by one of our
Lu's biggest shopping centers has been
destroyed
elsewhere building damage is less
obvious but the reality is worse with
individual buildings it's easy to see
the destruction from ground level but
this wasn't one building it was in a
state of 1700 homes and to appreciate
what happened here you really need to
see it from the air during the
earthquake the precious underground grew
to such an extent that the soil
liquefied collapsing everything in on
itself hundreds of people are thought to
still be buried here by Wednesday
afternoon a search team had dug into an
area of just 400 square meters and had
already found 25 bodies there are square
kilometers to go among those buried
almost certainly his Riccardi sefa
Rudin's mother he's found the house she
was in it was among those carried
hundreds of meters by the waves of mud
but she has vanished looking at all this
I know really it's impossible that she's
alive but I can't quite bring myself to
give up hope Indonesia's head of search
and rescue operations visited the site
on Wednesday he saw for himself the
child's arms sticking out of the debris
but says there isn't yet the right
equipment to bring her body out yeah Sam
Brocato
we are using all our resources but we
are very spread out we can't just focus
here repairs are being made and Aid is
coming in but Harlow is not yet a
functioning city in places some people
are digging through the debris in search
of food
but now fuel is coming in far more are
simply getting out Andrew Thomas out
Zira Paulo Indonesia
