there's anger in Egypt as a teenage girl
died weeks after a street attack in the
UK Mario Mustafa's family suggests that
she was the victim of a hate crime
British police say there's no evidence
that it was racially motivated but such
attacks are on the rise will we ever get
to the truth this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan police in the English
city Nottingham's say that 18 year-old
Miriam Mustafa was followed by a group
of girls was verbally abused and then
punched several times she was treated in
hospital and released but later suffered
a brain hemorrhage she died in a coma
three weeks following the attack
detectives say that they're keeping an
open mind but there's no information to
suggest that the attack was racially
motivated however Marian's family is not
so sure they're critical of the
authorities in Britain the police the
hospital and the government for their
slow response they say she'd been
attacked by the same group last August a
17 year old arrested on suspicion of
assault occasioning grievous bodily harm
has been released on bail pending
further investigations several other
juveniles have been questioned and
either said Finn who will instead I want
to ask what our human rights are nor is
democracy we asked for CCTV footage they
said the cameras weren't working we
asked for witness accounts from the bus
driver and the man who tried to help
Miriam when despite having witnesses the
girls who killed her is still free where
are our human rights in this well before
we bring in our guest and broaden out
the discussion I just want to bring in
via Skype from Nottingham Clive foster
who's a pastor and member of the
Nottingham citizens leadership group I
can tell us more about about that city
Clive good to have you with us on Inside
Story what are your thoughts on what
happened to Miriam it is this an
isolated case does not I am have a
problem with with gangs with bullying
with with violent assault with hate
crime well first of all I want to
express my condolences to the family of
Miriam this is a really sad case and
even more tragic in the circumstances in
which this young person should lose
their life I want to say from the get-go
that Nottingham is a very diverse and
welcoming city and on the whole people
get along together as part of them not
against citizens this is an organization
which is made up of churches mosques
trade unions universities in schools
ordinary citizens who come together and
work for the common good and we did a
report in 2014 and that report
unfortunate
he highlighted that hate crime was
prevalent that hate crime was
underreported and as a result of that we
took action to work with the local
authority and with the police to ensure
that increased resource would be placed
into these institutions so we could have
more effective reporting of hate crime
more understanding of hate crime so what
are people saying it there in Nottingham
about what happened to Miriam well
people are really upset that this could
happen you know on the streets of
Nottingham as I mentioned earlier
Nottingham is made out of up to 35
percent of the citizens of masc come
from a diverse background and people are
really working hard to ensure that
community cohesion is is respected and
that people respect and tolerate one
another so when this news broke there
was obviously real concern that this
should happen in our city and as I said
as a city we have taken measures to
ensure that hate crime is properly
recorded and to ensure that the
communities as well understand that the
authorities are taking hate crimes
seriously both the police on your local
authority and that if any of these
incidents happen that should be reported
and they shall be dealt with
satisfactorily and what a relations like
between the community and and the police
force there in Nottingham various
families suffering unimaginable grief at
the moment and in that grief have
criticized the police response in - word
- what happened to Miriam is that
criticism valid well this is an ongoing
investigation so I can't comment
directly on that case but what I can say
is is that as part of citizens we are
actively campaigning to ensure number
one that the police take this seriously
and they're committed to taking that
seriously and we hold them to account
that they take that seriously
so we ensure that if anything happens
that they record such incidents as a
hate crime
so that it's an ongoing process that we
scrutinize that any Intimus that happen
happen that they are reporting and
coordinate pop it's a cry number two
that the public themselves
we have campaigns where we go out and we
train people and teach people what is a
hate crime and also that you don't have
to be a victim but as a third party
onlooker you too can report a hate crime
and that should be recorded as a hate
crime
and it will be investigated accordingly
as well and so there is ongoing work we
have a good relationship with the police
but it doesn't mean that we don't
scrutinize them it doesn't mean that we
don't challenge them when we feel that
there is failures within that after lord
nottingham actually became the first
city in the country and in the world to
make misogyny a hate crime and that was
directly as a result of ordinary
citizens as part of nottingham citizens
campaigning and challenging the
authorities that we don't want to make
this a hate crime
clive really good to talk to you many
thanks indeed for being with us on
inside story thank you let's bring in
our other guests on today's program from
london via skype and we're joined by
imam abu Atta director of tell Mamay UK
a group of measures anti muslim attacks
from Leeds Rose Simpkins chief executive
of stop hate UK and from Cairo also via
Skype Tim called us a non-resident
fellow at the korea institute for Middle
East policy Tim we'll begin with you I
just want to ask you about the reaction
to what happened to Miriam there in
Egypt right now the hashtag Marion's
rights will not be lost is trending
there's that right problem you have
social media right now my personal
social media timelines have been flooded
with stories about her and people are
shocked and horrified to hear what
happened to her and that she that she
eventually succumb to her injuries and
passed away it's a tragic story of the
young woman whose life was taken away
far too early and beyond that people can
relate to the idea of you know family
going going abroad to try to give their
children better opportunities Maryam was
studying engineering and then that being
touched
by this violence there's also a lot of
concern amongst Egyptians that the case
wasn't handled properly both by the
police and by the by the hospital the
family is claiming that four months
prior to this this attack there was a
previous attack that they reported to
the police and that nothing came of that
that report and then also Miriam was
taken in the hospital immediately after
the attack and sent home a few hours
later telling her that she'd be fine
only to fall unconscious several hours
later and come back and eventually be
induced into a coma and pass away so
there's those concerns about multiple
parties failing to do what they should
and the there's a lot of pressure from
the public that this be properly
investigated and the Egyptian government
play a role Tim if you read British
newspapers you could be led to believe
that this this has led to some sort of
diplomatic spat between Egypt and the UK
I'm not quite sure it's got to that
level yet but but the Egyptian
government is involved what is it they
want from the UK authorities at the
moment they're demanding a thorough
investigation and they're demanding that
the that the culprits who did this be
brought to justice quickly there's
there's I think there's a there's a risk
that some people in the government will
try to opportunistically leverage this
to say that the UK is in respecting
human rights and Egypt is why to deflect
criticism right situation TV I'm sorry
the UK's and respecting the human rights
of a difference in the UK as a way to
deflect criticism of the human rights
record in Egypt and hopefully that
doesn't feature prominently in the
conversation going forward but but
overall they're under a lot of pressure
from the press and from the public to to
look into this very seriously it's all
over the Egyptian print papers musi
Arabic discovering it and for the time
being with look at foreign ministry
statements it seems like they're just
very focused on it and and hoping that
the government in uniting it takes it
very seriously all right Tim let's bring
in a man abou oughtta then in London as
Clive was saying a few
minutes ago in our we've got to be
particularly careful that we don't
prejudice any any caught action that
arises as a result of of this tragic
case what we can discuss is whether the
attack against Miriam fits into into a
patent whether there are any
similarities between what happened to
her and the kind of cases that tell mama
is dealing with first of all our
condolences go out to my name's family
and actually two as well to the Egyptian
people and hopefully the investigation
will reveal really what has happened
from the reports that we get into tell
mama the different reports that
unfortunately currently with anti-muslim
hatred being on the rise driven by many
factors starting from far-right
narrative to terrorism to the online
world to peer headlines that fuel as
well and seem some sentiments in the UK
the range of reports are coming to us
can start from abusive behavior and in
certain instances ending and in physical
violence I mean some instances does
unfortunately as a case of Miriam is
still under investigation we don't know
whether it's really driven by a racial
motivation or a hateful motivation it
pointsme as well an elements of bullying
given the age range of optic of their of
the young girls involved in this but
this is something that we don't see it
reported on a high level or we don't see
as reports coming into us in to tell
mama I don't know what's going on in the
UK UK police recorded some eighty
thousand hate crimes from which 78
percent were based on race seven percent
were based on on religion in in the last
year the number of race hate crimes
increased from 27% from the 2015-16 year
to 2016-17 and religious crime increased
by thirty five percent over the same
period one of Earth is going on in the
UK at the moment I mean absolutely and
spot on this is exactly a picture that
we're seeing from so marks is a picture
that we are working with police forces
across the country on we had in 2016 in
in June the referendum that sheds a
light on all types of racism should the
light of allowing any thoughts that
people have
about not liking the other to come out
in the physical world then obviously the
campaign's on the referendum we're not
helping that cause and therefore people
would become more aware of what hate
incidents are what racism is and came
forward and started reporting any
attacks they undergo 2017 track
terrorist attacks hit the UK rhetoric we
had um the US elections there actually
well the president came into office
during that year a lot of rhetoric of
anti-muslim hatred that is driven by
far-right in the online world as well as
on a street couple world again combining
that with terrorism combining that with
media headlines that if you want
anti-muslim rhetoric with more awareness
of people coming forward to report we've
seen really a rise in the number of hate
crime and that is recorded on a police
level as well as on sir Mohammed oven
and still pet crime is underreported
it's a combination of multiple factors
is actually driving that hate racial
hatred or religious hatred within the UK
and we've seen recently as well the
Mayor of London has been under attack as
well with with hateful comments from
variety activists and we've seen that
social media companies are taking more
responsibility in addressing this
although it's a bit late but still they
aren't upping their marketing addressing
this we've seen that they've taken down
a major major and far-right groups
Facebook which is written first that had
over 2 million subscribers to that page
that is promoting hatred towards other
community and specifically Muslim
communities
let's bring in Rose Simpkins and the
chief executive of stop hate UK Rose how
do you define what constitutes a crime
well a hate crime has to is about
whether somebody has been targeted
because of it because of their identity
so obviously we're talking about race
and religion today in particular but so
it's whether there was a motivation to
say this is why this is why the person
was targeted and it's so if you think
that this was their motivation or or any
other person thinks that it's their
motivation then it should be treated as
as a hate crime it's really important to
remember that a crime still has to take
place
so it's not a standalone crime so it
obviously it's a salt our public order
or obviously in this case it meaning it
could be murder we don't know exactly
what it's going to come out of the
investigations yet but basically a crime
has to take place and we're looking at
an aggravating factor so do we think
this was motivated by race is the
question Rosenbach see there are other
forms of hate crime as mentioned rows
are hate crimes carried out at least
statistically by one particular gender
or ethnic group no I mean it depends on
the different types of of hate crime are
carried out by many different people and
part of the problem as has already been
said as the man said you know most hate
crime is not reported so actually we
only know about the alleged perpetrators
or the perpetrators are the ones we know
about we actually we know there are more
that are unreported so there could be
whole groups of people that we're not
even realizing our perpetrators or
indeed our victims so the the call is
that people should report all forms of
hate crime
when we're looking at really serious
incidents such as obviously the loss of
life or serious injury people are more
likely to go to the police with those
what we're what we often deal with that
stop hate UK are things that are kind of
the first steps towards maybe those
sorts of incidents happening so people
coming to us at the very early stages of
of you know something doesn't feel right
I think I'm being targeted and they're
often the more difficult ones for the
police to deal with but what we're
trying to do is stop the escalation I
mean if you have a racist murder or a
murder based on somebody's faith it
doesn't come from nowhere it will there
will always be a trail that takes it
back to these sorts of incidents that a
lot of people say oh well that's what I
have to put up with all there was no
evidence or you know that's that's every
day for me and that's what we're really
concerned about is how many people are
suffering those everyday incidents
and not talking to somebody and we
obviously were trying to prevent the
escalation into the serious crimes of
obviously loss of life Tim we talked
earlier about that the anger there in
Egypt about what's happened to Miriam in
the UK in terms of those everyday
incidents that Rose was just talking
about I mean we hear about attacks on on
ethnic minorities in Egypt big terrorist
attacks when they're targeted but but
does Egypt have a similar sort of
problem in terms of everyday racism and
hate crime issues of racism in Egypt
there's definitely sectarian violence to
believe that it's targeting Christians
and at times as well as Shia or less
often Baha'i just a fear much smaller
group so there aren't certainly
incidents of that in Egypt I think every
society to some extent deals with
discriminatory violence that would
qualify as a primes and the question is
when we documented properly do we
acknowledge the problem and do we and do
we take steps to prevent it but yes of
course it exists I think here and just
find anyone we talked about that the
fact that that hate crime is on the rise
in the UK there I don't to go into the
particular reasons why right now but but
what what can be done to stop this this
this alarming rise in hate crime numbers
so one time we aren't asking people to
report any incidents that they feel them
suffers from whether the rates of murder
the images were there based on their
sexuality of the disability or the
different characteristics that we all
carry so so obviously the more reports
are coming it's more giving us an
indication of what's really happening in
terms of community tensions it allows us
to address issues of concerns in terms
of community cohesion between the
different communities some of the drive
behind decoration attacks and and the
religious attacks are taking place in
the UK are driven by far-right groups
that this is something that we're
working with with police forces and
governmental officials to address to be
able to take down accounts that are
fueling that hate but also
taking measures to address far-right
extremism the the way we address other
types of extremism because unfortunately
extremism does fuel more hate crimes and
Muslim communities we also were working
as well on ensuring that communities are
aware on how they can work together on
being upstanders in society against hate
so one of the things that we work on is
really empowering the younger generation
educating the younger generation around
what racism is what bullying is what
discrimination is what hate incidents
would look like and for them to be
empowered to stand for other communities
that would suffer such type of hatred
and be able to put measures in place and
help them to put measures in place to
prevent that ignorance that communities
usually have about the other and by
therefore being able to create more a
community cohesion empowerment whether
it's projects or whether it's education
projects that would be able to address
the issues of racism but also create
that dialogue between the communities in
the whole of the UK Rose do the the
police in the UK take hate crime serious
enough but particularly when it when it
involves juveniles I think they do take
hate crime seriously I mean we have some
good policies and part of why we have
such high numbers of recorded incidents
is because we're the people we're better
at reaching out to get people to report
but there are still I think that some of
the problems are around some of those
those early incidents that I talked
about before that often people report
things where there's not really any
evidence or we don't know what to do
with it and I think we're not always
very good at engaging people to make
help them understand why nothing can
happen at this point but if we keep
talking we might get the evidence
together so I think there are there's
lots to be done about those first-ever
reports as first conversations and so
we're missing a lot of things because
hey crime is often subtle in the early
stages and so I think we've just got to
get better understanding the the risk of
escalation and also how by dealing with
people properly in that
conversation they're more likely to come
back when things start to escalate and
we don't want to wait till see the
series the serious offenses so it's not
paying UK is that you know how do you
have that conversation with somebody
who's distressed or angry or frightened
and when you can't give them the answers
they want at that stage but by keep
talking we will get we're more likely to
get to the point where the police can
intervene or other agencies can
intervene and it's it is around how do
you help people realize that you know
around how cohesion and diversity is
actually really good for us but also how
if you allow somebody else or another
group to be targeted then you are really
basically also allowing yourself to be
targeted and this you cannot condemn one
other group and expect sort of safety
and protection for yourself we also we
need to think about everybody's safety
and everybody's rights and and that's
and build that cohesion and really work
with communities to help them understand
each other and also understand the real
harm that hate-crime does and I don't
think many people really understand the
harm it does people still say oh it's
only name-calling oh it's only this or
it's only that it's only a bit of banter
and I think we need to understand we
need to call it what it is
is around hate and we need to understand
the harm and and how we can all help
protect each other
Iman what would your advice be to anyone
who is the victim of hate crime
particularly young people juveniles who
have enough pressures as well in their
in their lives I mean heaven knows
growing up you know teenagers have all
the social issues that are going on that
they have to deal with what would your
advice be I mean one thing definitely we
urge young people to do is that if you
feel that you were subjected to a race
or hate incidents based on your
sometimes even based on your looks
based on your sexuality based on your
religion based on your color based on
the languages
based on the accent there's a lot that
actually kids and younger generation
pick up on and keep inside them and not
talk about it but you feel that you're
targeted for any reason whatsoever
please speak to an adult please speak to
your teacher at school please seek out
help and speak to someone you trust that
would be able to escalate it further I
mean we we do run again obsessions in
schools and we're happy to support young
people we have produced just now
actually today before we spoke a kind of
a guide for young people that will go
out on social media for them to actually
be able to be supported in case anything
happens do not keep it inside you please
pick up please make sure that you're
safe in case if you're subjected to an
attack and reach out for help
and in case of an emergency please dial
the police I'll call my nine-nine all
right there we must leave it many thanks
indeed to all of you Imam Abu utter Rose
Simpkins and Timothy called us and as
always thank you for watching you can
see this program again at anytime just
by going to the website al Jazeera comm
for further discussion please join us at
our Facebook page at facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story and you
can join the conversation on twitter our
handle at aj inside story from me adrian
Finnegan and the team here in doha i'll
see you again
you
you
