according to journalist a for Hirsch
discussing race in contemporary Britain
is still a radical act in her latest
book British Hirsch argues that the UK
has failed to reckon with its colonial
legacy and in turn important
conversations around race ethnicity and
diversity have been silenced the end
result she writes is that bigotry and
Prejudice remains quote woven into the
fabric of everyday British life
everywhere but just how accurate is her
she's diagnosis and what are her
solutions joining me in the arena to
debate this are our four Hirsch and
Claire Fox the director of the academy
of ideas in London thank you both for
joining me in the arena after a lot of
liberals celebrate the fact that Britain
is no longer the openly racist society
that it once was that you disagree and
you write in your book white supremacy
is ever-present in British society how
do you justify what is a pretty
provocative and I'm sure to a lot of
white people startling claim about the
UK well first of all I it's not that say
that I don't recognize that we have made
progress in racism I think violent
hostile aggressive racism has definitely
diminished and when I speak to people 10
or 15 years older than me who experience
being regularly chased down the street
or beaten up because of their race
that's not something I recognise from my
own experience so I'm not saying that we
haven't made progress but I think what's
happened is but because racism has
become less visible and it's become more
subtle encoded we've become very
complacent and we have stopped
recognizing that race exists on multiple
layers Claire Fox subtle coded
structural racism still exists our phone
calls it white supremacy what's your
response to that well I've no doubt that
racism still exists and I think the
subtle coded point is quite important
because I think it's so subtle and so
coded that very often people are
frightened about discussing race in the
UK because they're frightened that
they'll be as the phrase goes called out
for being racist when they're not being
racist at all I think the difficulty is
and this is an aspect of identity
politics that I feel very uncomfortable
within indeed is is that rather than
kind of taking people for what they say
and for
the ideas that they hold we start to see
people based on their ethnicity or
indeed on their gender or any number of
things I mean the thing about privilege
and after will be aware that recently in
the UK there's been some controversy
about people saying that for example a
white homeless person is that if it's
somebody who's got white privilege or
that the suffragettes were white
supremacists and so on and this actually
does I think unhelpfully would use
people to the color of their skin and
that's what I meant by racializing
society and of course I'm not addressing
that to think about an objective point
flair for the sake of our viewers let me
just clarify then putting aside people
your own personal views or offense or
not an offense or people's uncomfortable
feelings just on that draw their
language with using here do you
recognize that there is such a thing as
white privilege in the UK today that
there is a bias across society
financially educationally towards the
white majority still surely would
recognize that or not well I think it's
more complicated than that and it's
interesting that we only talk about
white privilege recently we used to talk
about until relatively recently racism
something which I think many people were
wanted to fight against and many people
were racist and it's that it's the kind
of reduction of this to skin color that
I find you know unhelpful I mean we
actually have a complicated look a
picture in this country where for
example white working-class youths are
not doing very well but white
working-class boys for example are not
doing very well in educational terms
whereas there's been an incredible
increase in how Bangladeshi young people
are doing there's whole different is
within ethnicities and so on so it's
just not black and white okay let's put
that to a four it's not black and white
there's an appropriate phrase it's a
complicated it's a complicated picture
in the UK right now and you're
simplifying it I'm glad Claire has
pointed to the complexity because that's
exactly what my book is about
I think we've become very simplistic in
the way that we talk about identity and
our narratives about race race and class
intersect the idea of calling a white
homeless person someone benefiting from
white privilege to me is absurd you know
that
people who are homeless are more likely
to have had trauma in childhood to have
parents with alcohol and drug abuse have
been in the care system so they have
suffered from multiple disadvantage
based on class and poverty at the same
time black people who are homeless and
rough sleeping have even worse outcomes
because they suffer from both class and
race deprivation it's true that white
working-class boys are doing very badly
at school but young black men between
the ages of 18 and 26 are twice as
likely to be unemployed as young white
working-class men from similar
backgrounds so we see it in the data the
way that race and class intersects and
overlaps yet there are still distinct
house types of aliens would affect my
annoyed people this is not a
conversation laughter let me ask you
this question a lot of people would
would not their heads agree with you on
the points you're making about the data
and the racism and I'm sure Claire would
agree with a lot of what you're saying
about the actual racism it's a pretty
flirty but you go further in your book
you say for example in the midst of
frenzied debate on the United States you
say is in the midst of frenzied debate
on what to do about all this historical
racism white supremacy Britain in our
inertia arrogance and intellectual
laziness is not some would say that's
because Britain just isn't as bad as the
US when it comes to the legacy of
slavery when it comes to race um are you
saying Britain is as bad as the US I
think one of the reasons that we have
been very complacent in in being honest
about our history of Empires because
many people convince themselves that the
British Empire was far more benevolent
and humane than the French Portuguese or
Belgian Empire and therefore we should
be proud of it the reality it can be
both you know we didn't have the same
legislative segregation and about racism
as the United States which was which was
a plantation economy but we didn't force
it in our colonies and those colonies
built the modern industrial British
economy so history is very complex what
I'm accusing Britain of is failing to be
interested in its complexity you know we
talked about abolition but we don't talk
about slavery we've have a very much
have a victors version of British
history as a result of having one ok the
Second World War and having yourself you
were on the right side of history
Claire do I respond I don't well I don't
I don't recognize this because every
institution in Britain it seems to me is
full of a kind of angst-ridden
exploration of the fact that oh my
goodness you know we're a museum maybe
we represent colonialism what are we
going to do about our empires history
there's renaming discussions going on
discussions about statues and so on if
anything I think we were over
preoccupied about our colonial past I
don't mind a debate about history I feel
as though however history is being
plundered for the sufferings of people
in the past very often ethnic minorities
in the past almost as a way of talking
about racism today which is a very
different thing and I would suggest that
whilst I want an intelligent discussion
about history that has got nothing to do
and the legacy of it has got nothing to
do with the contemporary problems we
face in relations I don't know where to
start
I don't know where to start with that I
have fundamentally disagree with Claire
you look at our political leaders Gordon
Brown David Cameron Michael Gove they
talk about history as a celebratory
subject Claire says that we learn too
much we're riddled with shame how many
people have written can name one of the
African abolitionists who was
fundamental to ending slavery we talked
about West India merchants in our
literature in period dramas we never
called them slave owners or plantation
owners we found so many ways of coding
this parsley that it's more palatable
and to say as Claire did that this
history is not relevant is absolutely
absurd there are people alive whose
grandparents worked on plantations owned
by British families who'd enslaved their
ancestors there are whole nations who
were part of the Commonwealth whose like
density is a result as a result of the
transatlantic slave trade propagated and
profited from by Britain so this is very
much a living part of history my mother
was born in the Empire in a colony the
Gold Coast as it was where she was
taught that British culture and
civilization was superior to her own I
think what this does is it this reduces
us to our identity and our ethnicity and
far too passive away I could say now you
know as somebody from an Irish immigrant
background everything about me today is
because of all the suffering that my
family had but to try and explain
contemporary politics by actually
accusing people of white supremacism
because they don't know enough history
or even implying that white people in
2018 or somehow in any way implicated in
the slave trade or indeed
that black people in this country
because their ancestors were slaves are
dominated by determined by is far too
passive a way of seeing people anti
racism for me was transcending our
identities and our history and making
history not actually being victims of it
I think it's really frightening isn't it
easy though and I'm sorry to have to ask
you this but given you're a member of
the white major majority in the UK isn't
it easier for a member of a majority to
say let's transcend our identities isn't
that by definition what privilege allows
you to do well that's the whole point is
now I'm reduced to the fact that I
happen to be white right identity is a
very important part of everybody's lives
what politics allows us to do is to
transcend that in order to fight the
contemporary problems that we all face
after 20 seconds last last word last
word this is not about you Claire or
this is not about individual white
people this is about a system and I
think what you're saying keeps
reinforcing this misunderstanding the
idea that I'm accusing individual people
I'm accusing people of that they should
feel guilty for what the Empire did this
is not about that this is about systems
of race and class that are highly
relevant in people's life experienced in
their outcomes in advantage and
disadvantage and we don't talk about
them and I'm trying to start a
conversation about them because they
matter and because we want the same
things I would love for us to be able to
transcend race in this country but we
can't do so until we've acknowledged
race and we've as far as of yet failed
to do so we'll have to leave it there
Claire Fox after a hush thanks so much
for joining me in the arena to debate
this that's our show
upfront we'll be back next week
you
