a small group of protesters in front of
Argentina's presidential palace
most of them relatives of the 44 crew
members of the era thank one submarine
we feel abandoned not only by the
government but also by society in
general we've been alone this whole time
as if nobody cares it's been four months
since the submarine went missing in the
southern Atlantic it was sailing from
the southern Argentine city of loose
wire the commander of the vessel told
his home base water had entered
resulting in a battery malfunction and
the water listening devices scattered
around the world's oceans identified a
hydro acoustic anomaly in the area
the Navy believes it was an explosion
italia pietre son daniel was part of the
crew he has been pushing for the
government to continue with a search and
the investigation into exactly what
happened it's been 120 days when
supposedly an explosion was detected and
we have more doubts than ever because
over two hours after the supposed
explosion there is an attempt to contact
base nobody has been able to give us any
answers we want to know the truth
because there is an attempt to hide what
happened the government says it has done
everything possible to find the missing
but people here are desperate and
they're convinced that not enough has
been done some of them are even asking
for a small donation so that they can
hire a private company that will help
them find their loved ones there's been
an international search for the missing
sub Russia and the United States
provided ships and technology but
weather conditions were difficult at the
time no trace of the Bethel has been
found the search is continuing though
with a reduced number of ships or Azure
data Mandy believes there might be
another reason why finding the submarine
has become even more difficult the
Parliament important most probably the
submarine got stuck in underwater
canyons with enormous currents and very
probably the submarine could be covered
with sediments which makes it more
difficult to find now we need to
continue combing the area change the
type of technology it could take years
to find and that's what these people
want they've lost hope their relatives
will be found alive but say they need to
know what happened no matter how long it
takes
Teresa wa al Jazeera bono Silas
