organizers called this event held in
Sydney on Thursday a codeathon teams of
computer experts were given mock
cybersecurity challenges 100
participants here in teams
internationally and domestically from
public and private enterprise trying to
fix 6 terrorism questions we've given
them in 32 hours most participants were
from Association of Southeast Asian
Nations or ASEAN countries Australia has
put countering cybercrime and tackling
money-laundering and what it calls
terrorism at the heart of the agenda for
the ASEAN special summit Australia
itself isn't in as young as its acronym
suggests it's 10 members are all in
Southeast Asia Australia though is too
far south and east to be a member but
Australia has important trade and
security relationships with ASEAN
countries and wants to tighten
connections with the group it sees as
valuable to regional security
we believe that Azure is uniquely placed
to continue to promote the international
rules based order within our region the
Indo Pacific as the N countries they're
nothing like is entwined politically or
economically as countries in for example
the European Union but having a regional
group in Asia which excludes China is
useful to Australia hosting a summit is
a sign of Australia's commitment to it
the benefit I think is establishing
these relationships so that if there is
a crisis and probably one that will be
and it will involve China in the future
the Australian Government has these
relationships and is able to call on
them and rely on them the summits of
ASEAN Leaders is being kept low-key in
part because it's controversial those
attending include Myanmar's young Sun
Tzu Chi despite her government's
treatment of their hinder the military
leader of Thailand will be coming to
even though elections there were
recently delayed again so too is
Malaysia's Prime Minister despite many
saying he's corrupt the only ASEAN
leader choosing not to come is the
Philippines Rodrigo Duterte
even Cambodia's Prime Minister Hun Sen
is being welcomed by Australia
government despite his crackdown on
opposition figures and human rights
activists at home Hun Sen has threatened
to beat up any protesters who burn
effigies of him in Sydney a horrible
dictator he has no respect to human
right he doesn't understand democracy so
the way he treated people is through you
know threat
harassment bully you know - mainly to
make people silence Cambodians were
hinder and Vietnamese people living in
Australia are all planning to protest
Andrew Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
