it was a case that horrified Mexico 43
students pulled off of buses by corrupt
MIT's can police working with a criminal
gang they were never seen alive again
four months after the Capitals main
Avenue reverberated to this crime alive
you took them alive we want them back
now authorities are accused not just of
failing the students but the suspects in
the case a new UN report says there are
strong indications that officials
tortured 34 of those the Attorney
General's Office detained and ask
attention the detainees denounced in a
detailed and consistent way the torture
that they were exposed to beatings
asphyxiation with plastic bags electric
shocks waterboarding sexual torture
threats to rape their wives and
daughters it all puts more doubt on
investigators findings mostly based on
suspect confessions that the students
were killed and burned in this rubbish
dump
many believe those conclusions were
rushed out in the hope of putting a full
stop on the controversy but the case has
continued to haunt authorities already
accused of torture and human rights
abuses on many other occasions
if those at the Attorney General's
Office want a reminder of the case
that's further damaged and already
tarnished reputation they need look no
further than the permanent protest camp
devoted to the disappeared students
that's right on their doorstep it put
out a statement casting doubt on the
UN's conclusions
it said the ongoing investigation and
the evidence recorded in our case files
does not support the conclusions of the
report for many hear that simply won't
wash especially after the UN also
revealed that the same Attorney
General's Office had failed to hold any
officials responsible a starfish up
until now we have no knowledge that
anyone's been hold responsible for these
acts of torture and other violations of
human rights the officials who are
responsible remain unpunished many will
see that not as a surprise but another
indication that authorities are more
ready to protect themselves than the
public John Holman al Jazeera Mexico
City
