this symbolic graveyard is as close to
closure as Sabri Ohama can get to 30
years on the horrors of the chemical
attack on her hometown in northern Iraq
still hanta on the 16th of March we were
having a meal
we heard fighter jets they struck the
area and then we were hit by a chemical
attack in the afternoon we ran towards
the hills we were so scared every one of
us went on our separate way some of us
went to neighboring Iran others who
couldn't make it died in the city it was
like doomsday I lost four of my children
in Halabja on that day there are still
many cases of psychological disorder
skin diseases and respiratory problems
for the survivors and fortunately no one
is taking care of them thousands of
Kurds were killed when the Iraqi army
said it attacked Iranian forces in the
closing stage of the iran-iraq war a
peace museum aims to keep alive the
memory of those who died and to raise
awareness about the horrors of chemical
weapons
Kurdish doctors say three decades later
the effects of sarin and mustard gas are
still causing defects and ailments we
don't have enough medical centers or
medicine to treat these people who were
still affected we need more specialized
doctors in these fields and further
cooperation of both the Baghdad and
Erbil governments to treat them a
Chemical Weapons Convention was signed
in 1997 prohibiting the manufacture and
use of chemical weapons the vast
majority of countries signed up but
despite that chemical attacks have not
stopped there have been more incidents
of men women and children being killed
in large numbers dead from breathing in
poisonous gas none of them had any
wounds trauma or injury
in boutonni√®re the Syrian capital
Damascus President Assad's forces killed
more than 1,400 people in a chemical
attack in 2013 since then most of the
Syrian chemical weapons stockpiles have
been destroyed but the Assad government
has been accused of using concentrated
chlorine gas on opposition-held areas
doctors say at least eight attacks have
been reported in Syria this year in Iraq
people like Sabra say they can relate to
what's happening in Syria victims in
both countries want the world to put
words into action and stop more attacks
Osama bin Javed Hazira
