Harare central is one of the largest
referral hospitals in Zimbabwe junior
doctors have been on strike for two
weeks to demand more money and better
working conditions patients say they
don't know when things will return to
normal
some of us are in pain if doctors don't
help us then our health will deteriorate
please think about what we are going
through many state-run hospitals across
the country are struggling financially
Genea doctors say it's frustrating
working in them with a lack of equipment
and drugs
Zimbabwe's doctors are some of the worst
paid in Africa a junior doctor is
earning three hundred and twenty nine
dollars in a month that's by far less
than our enough to get by let alone to
be able to attend this to afford the
particular services that we offer I as a
junior doctor I am not able actually to
pay for my medication I had to perrinia
trials with all or in pillo hospital in
case I fall in let alone that of my
family health Minister David Perry
notices he needs more than 1 billion
dollars to increase salaries and improve
resources but the government's broke and
there's a shortage of foreign currency
nurses and some senior doctors are
trying to keep things going looking
after patients who are in some of the
wards the doctor strike is getting quite
serious now into its second week in some
public facilities across the country
don't even have access to essential
drugs the main opposition leader nelson
chemi Sir citizen Baba's health sector
has deteriorated since President Emison
minagawa took over from Robert Mugabe in
November you can't come in and say you
are open for business
things are happening when they are not
happening in the hospitals when I'm not
happening for our patients for people
that is everyday recorded manag was
biggest challenge is fixing Zimbabwe's
economy ruined by decades of corruption
and mismanagement
government ministers are talking to
leaders of the striking doctors trying
to convince him to return to work
overworked and underpaid nurses in
public hospitals are also threatening to
down tools if that happens the already
dire situation could get much
was harder Matassa al-jazeera Hourani
