Robert Muller wants to know what
business the Trump administration has
done in Russia President Donald Trump
often says none but the special counsel
wants to see if that's true
according to the New York Times he has
sent a subpoena to Trump's business
requesting all documents Muller could
have just asked for them but a subpoena
sends a message everything has to be
turned over or else legal scholar Bruce
Fein says this sends a message that the
investigation won't end with the
indictment of Russians that he was
building his case step by step yes now
he's got one side of the equation with
regard to the Russians who he's indicted
for attempting to influence now he's
looking at the Trump campaign to put the
puzzle together well who's the recipient
and beneficiary in what kind of
orchestration or coordination that there
was between Trump officials and and the
Russians it's not clear if he's asked
about businesses outside of Russia but
President Donald Trump has indicated
that could force him to act this from a
previous interview with the New York
Times
is that a right why would that be a
breach of what is actual I wish yes but
there isn't much the president can do
about the investigation he could try to
fire Moeller directly but that would
likely end up in the courts or he could
try to dismiss the people in charge of
Muller but that would be politically
risky
the last president to do that was
Richard Nixon the political backlash led
to him quitting before he could be
impeached Trump is still reportedly
thinking about taking some steps to stop
the investigation with the hope history
won't repeat itself pedicle hain al
jazeera Washington
