we had a choice stay and face more
bombardment or leave to an uncertain
future they chose to leave it started
with hundreds it grew to thousands
grabbing what they could carry what they
could stuff into vehicles a reminder of
a home they may never see again there is
no water no medicine that could be
provided to our children not even food
the situation is miserable we're so
happy because we're safe right now in
the hands of the army we were living in
a jail not in the gutter we know the
mass exit a bizarre procession on the
seventh anniversary of the start of the
Syrian civil war was leaving came from
hey Maria a city that's been under
attack for three solid weeks an area
once controlled by anti-assad forces
they're completely surrounded by their
enemies something like this had been
expected since the city and government
forces backed by the Russians
effectively cut Goethe in three they've
used their military pressure to force
people to leave I mean now be looking at
a similar solution in other parts of the
area the regime offensive against the
eastern water and clayed which has been
besieged for the last seven years I'm
just finally you know falling bit by bit
into government hands that isn't about
negotiation that is really where the
regime is using exploiting the
opportunity it has that the other fronts
are more or less stabilized but even as
the civilians streamed out of the
besieged Enclave air strikes and aerial
bombardments were reported elsewhere in
goethe and in the north of the area in a
place controlled by Jaysh al-islam a
convoy of eight trucks entered the tone
of duma the 25 lorries carrying enough
we need four twenty six thousand people
for one month once more there were no
medical supplies allowed in well I mean
norm when you are doing I swear that
we're sleeping in the corridor of this
house it's too difficult to walk inside
because of a huge number of displaced
people who are here people leaving will
be identified and processed and offered
some aid this will be seen as a major
victory for the Syrian government for
the people who managed to walk out
it will be seen as survival Alan Fisher
al Jazeera on the turkey-syria border
