heart of darkness from 2008 a moving and
very personal film while we're joined
now from Washington by Josh rushing
himself a 15 year veteran of the US
Marine Corps Josh thanks for speaking to
us on rewind can you take us back to the
moment in the film when you brought
together Ken she√≠ll along with one of
his victims what was that moment like it
was incredible - it was unintentional in
that moment we had arrived in Vietnam a
couple of days ahead of Ken and we had
interviewed Kong the really emotional
interview when Ken came he came I
believe if I remember it was like
straight from the airport that's my
first time to meet him you see it on
camera me shaking his hands he gets out
of the van
we had just planned kind of let's just
walk around a bit see what you remember
kind of puts you back in the place and
while doing that Kong sauce and came
over and started to inquire about you
know who Kim was and where he was there
in Vietnam and it all started to unfold
before our eyes and this really
emotional moment that I would not have
set up in such a way because of that the
emotions were so high but we couldn't
quite stop it and then as the moment
evolved we saw was getting to a point
that we thought we probably should stop
it and maybe try to come back to it
later the you know looking back on it
when it's hard to believe it's been 10
years it seems like yesterday but I was
also fairly new to journalism at that
time and I and I thought well I guess
this is just what journalism is like
this must happen all the time now that
I've been it out there for over 13 years
and I hosted show faultlines
I realized you know that was actually an
extraordinary moment that that happened
and he really seemed to struggle though
when you were questioning him he
struggled answering your questions what
do you think was going on through his
head at the time I'm 100% believed that
in order for Ken
to continue to live his life that he had
made a very intentional choice to silo
what had happened in Vietnam he had the
memories but there was no way that he
was going to engage with the morality of
it I just had the sense that he feels
like if he started to even a bit he
might not be able to control the flood
of emotions and guilt and everything
else that would come with it and I have
to say when we had the idea to try to
find someone from Charlie Company to
take back we we got the court records
and we had all these names and Social
Security numbers and so we started
contacting people and an alarming number
of those people had actually killed
themselves
another group of those people were just
in terrible terrible shape we finally
found one guy who said he would go calls
back a week later and said that his
therapist said absolutely no way not a
good idea
so we given up on finding a soldier to
take back with us but we were still
going to go to the story the day before
we left the country Kim was kind of that
one last number that we called and he
said he would go and we were rather
surprised but after Vietnam he had gone
on to be a cop and I think he had just
completely walled off inside himself
what he did there and what had happened
there and at the time he was only 19
years old and he was clearly believing
that he was just doing this he was
following orders so Josh let me ask you
this as a former soldier yourself how
difficult is it when you're actually in
the field and your order to do something
that you morally disagree with I think
it's easy to sit back and and judge that
situation and think that you would act
differently but the reality of it is
when you go through boot camp they
really break down who you are and they
build you back up into this other thing
for me it was this US Marine that was my
identity and so you had this kind of
ultimate trust in your leadership that
you're not going going to be given
orders that are illegal and so of course
you follow them then you take that
person and put it on a place like
Vietnam where everything you ever
learned about a moral compass seems to
be thrown out of the window there and so
you don't you lose a sense of what's
right and what's wrong in that that kind
of environment and yeah you end up
following orders but I still think
there's that bit of humanity in you that
says that this isn't right
and the court documents what can someone
testify that they saw him firing into a
crowd of civilians while saying I don't
want to do this I don't want to do this
so clearly he was struggling with it and
in my own past nothing as great as what
Ken faced but the way that their Iraq
war was sold and the way I was used to
help sell it is something that I would
not do today but the thing about war is
we sing young people to fight these wars
who don't have the wisdom that we gained
as older people you know there's a
reason that's not a bunch of 40 and 50
year olds fighting wars the entire
Marine Corps is one hundred seventy two
thousand people if you take the average
age including all the four-star generals
in the Marine Corps the average age is
still just over 20 years old that's how
many young people at the bottom of that
pyramid and now it at my age 45 looking
back at a 19 year old kid that is a
child and yet we we give them weapons
and put them in the most complex
situations you can imagine and have them
make life-and-death decisions and in sit
back and morally judge them for doing so
and speaking of looking back and you
look back for me then to the meal I
Massacre and tell us what lessons can be
learned from that it's a great question
about lessons to be learned you know the
meal I massacre it didn't even get
reported or come out for a couple years
and it only came out because one soldier
talked to another soldier that
eventually talked to a young reporter
named Seymour Hersh and and it came out
I think a lot of the you know that kind
of warfare going and kill everything
that moves is not effective it's not
legal it's not morally correct I think I
think we know that now but war seems to
repeat itself I mean the lesson to me is
it's not a good lesson the lesson I
learned is that we send young people to
war who do these things the ones who
survive and I'll make a side note here
there actually are no survivors that the
village Emil I wasn't even named Mia I
was named something else that was the
meal I was a misnomer on an American map
so that original village name didn't
survive no one really survived to the
village that day Kong is a completely
different human than he was before that
happened and that shaped who he had
ended up becoming the soldiers that we
tried to get to go none of them really
survived either the ones who didn't kill
themselves they weren't really complete
pictures of human beings that they would
have wanted to be but those who do
survive war and get old enough to
realize its atrocities and how wrong it
is it's already too late because the
next generation the next generation had
young kids well they're already there
fighting the next one your reformer
soldier ajosh as we're saying what was
it like for you to go back to one of the
US Army's greatest disgrace yeah it was
really personal that there wasn't a
separation that there might be for
another reporter in that situation I
mean in every moment I was wondering
what would I have done and that was you
know not long after I came out of the
Marine Corps and I'd been quite public
about my regret for the role that I
served as a spokesperson going into the
rock war and how I felt like I've been
used to sell that war I did another
special Fallujah Sara called this the
selling of war so that I could kind of
in some we find atonement to say here's
how were sold here are the things you
should look for here's what I did and I
and I did that so maybe that we can
learn the lessons of not buying into war
so much or so easily in the future but
in dealing with my own feelings about
that I had a sort of empathy for Ken
even though what I what I did and what I
went through isn't nowhere on the par
with with his experience but I had an
empathy and in a very kind of personal
curiosity what would I have done to me
lie I like to think I've done the right
thing but I don't know I will say the
were heroes to come out of me lies well
meal I was stopped by Anna
and officer Warrant Officer Hugh
Thompson who literally lowered his
helicopter in between Americans who were
fired machine guns into the crowd of
civilians of Vietnamese and he told his
door gunner on that helicopter that if
they didn't stop fire the Americans to
open fire on him and I would have been
the only case I've ever known of of US
troops intentionally firing on each
other but that's the level it was it was
it was that to stop what what he
witnessed that day Hugh Thompson was and
his crew that I mean they were heroes to
come out of that and what are you
hearing about some of the victims
families now years after this massacre
took place how are they coping so I
haven't talked to Kong since then but I
can tell you then the next day when I
ran into him he he said he'd been up
drinking all night at the grave of his
relatives and he told them that he was
sorry that he had met the very man that
may have killed them and yet he couldn't
avenge their deaths he couldn't kick him
or hit him or kill him because he
represents a government of Vietnam and
they have a different policy now but I
mean he was absolutely wrecked by it we
met another survivor who had returned
the day we were there just by chance as
she found her home still standing and
she was emotionally destroyed by it I
mean it's like I said there really were
no survivors from that awful day Josh
rushing thank you for speaking to us
that rewinds thank you for having me
