Sydney's held an art Biennale almost
every two years since 1973 but some art
critics say this year's Sydney's 21st
represents a coming of age all the
biennales previous artistic directors
have been Western either Australian
European or American this Biennale is
the first with someone from Asia
curating mani cutter oka who normally
runs a gallery in Tokyo sees the
significance and how it reflects broader
changes in Australia since the Biennale
began so this is not Asia but this is
not Europe either it's interesting to
see the demographics of this country and
the city and how you capture this
society 1973 the year of the first
Biennale was also the year the Queen
both Britons and Australia's opened
Sydney's new Opera House the crowd in
this old footage is exclusively white
until 1973 white Australia was official
policy that changed soon after and
Australia since has become far more
multicultural today more immigrants
arrived from China and India than from
any European country the art scene
reflects that this be an ally is
encapsulating something that has been
percolating and fermenting and sort of
bubbling away since since the late 70s
maybe early 80s the Biennale is showing
art in six venues across Sydney Chinese
artist Ai Weiwei's work in response to
the global refugee crisis is the
standout piece on Cockatoo Island a
former shipyard and one-time prison in
the middle of Sydney Harbour unlike some
permanent galleries like London's Tate
Modern which have been built within the
shells of former industrial buildings
this cavernous space is still very much
raw the floors are uneven there are
cracks in the windows and this old
machinery it's still covered
in dust tie artists MIT jaaye in has
hung canvases from the ceiling of a
formal workshop where ships were once
made and repaired first we talk with the
curator and they I really love it and
good luck to keep me this space even
critics who don't like most of the
biennales art say the setting is
dramatic even sometimes the most banal
or you know sort of gutless piece can
look quite interesting in one of these
places it borrowers from the interests
of the buildings Alan thinks the
biennales art suffers from being too
commercial it's not as political as it
once was but art can reflect rather than
campaign and this year's Biennale
reflects the changing face of Australia
Andrew Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
