an enourmous Arsenio Mujahideen Sinha
my name is Samar see Asner and I'm 21
years old I was 14 when the revolutions
in the Arab world started we used to
follow the news on TV one day some
friends and I wrote on a wall it's your
turn dr. Assad security agencies
threatened my father with the arrest of
all members of our family if I wasn't
handed over to the police within 24
hours they also told him if it did hand
me in nothing would happen except his
sign a pledge not to write words like
that again
instead myself and 20 of my friends
spent three months in prison we suffered
all forms of torture and had nightmares
our families did everything for us to be
released when we were eventually
returned to our families other people
welcomed our release near the allamani
mosque by protesting and chanting
against the regime after that I joined
the Free Syrian Army I fought in battles
and I've been injured I got married and
have two daughters I live a normal life
but this will always be my way either to
be a martyr or to achieve victory but we
will never retreat
