there is an exodus taking place from
central sulawesi thousands are leaving
their quake and tsunami ravaged
communities boarding military planes
from palu all with traumatic memories it
was so crazy I wasn't conscious for a
long time because the ceiling fell on me
the airport was severely damaged in the
quake and inoperable for a time but the
military has taken over allowing the
Indonesian Air Force to come and go
aboard one plane was the president who
made his second visit to the disaster
areas this time his first stop was just
outside the cracks terminal building
where a hospital ward has been set up
with a sick and injured wait to be
airlifted tell us what their priority
among the patients Hajji Liliana who
gave birth three days before the quake
she and her family lost their home and
walked for four days to get help now
they have no choice but to leave
everybody was running from their houses
when the quake happened my home is
completely destroyed and we had to sleep
on this street
for now the remains of the airport
offers some comfort that one chapter of
their ordeal is drawing to a close for
those who choose to stay help is
gradually arriving at least to the
airport as well as getting people out of
here the military planes have been
bringing aid in but getting it from the
airport to the communities the people
that need it most
seems to be a slow process much sits at
the airport awaiting distribution but
for an increasing number of people the
wait for a place on a flight to safety
is over as they leave they perhaps
contemplate and even longer wait before
they'll be able to return home
