is this the lull before the storm the
British government says it's looking at
ways of responding to what it believes
is now rage' sacked by Russia so this is
part of a pattern of behavior by
Vladimir Putin and his regime and you're
seeing this reckless support for the use
of chemical weapons all the way from
Syria to the streets of Wiltshire and in
our country and I've been encouraged by
the determination of our friends to
stand with us except that friends aren't
so predictable these days the American
president shortly after sacking a
Secretary of State who was highly
regarded by the British government says
it sounds to him as if Russia was
involved in the nerve agent attack but
in Moscow the Russian Foreign Minister
said Britain was being obstructive
refusing to give Russia samples of the
nerve agent so that it could carry out
its own investigation Russia is not
guilty but Russia is ready to cooperate
in the framework of the Chemical Weapons
Convention only the United Kingdom takes
pains to fulfill their legal obligations
including to the same document London's
luxury properties luxury shops could
Britain target Russians who spend money
here an anti-corruption group estimates
more than a billion dollars of
suspicious Russian wealth is invested in
UK property well it's certainly the case
that some of the individuals that we've
identified in this research are
well-known to the Kremlin so if they
were to find themselves subjected to
police investigations by unexplained
wealth orders for example then that
would send a very clear message to the
Kremlin that corrupt individuals and
their illicit cash are no longer welcome
here British politicians want to send a
message to Russia that they won't
tolerate what they see as a brazen
attack on British soil but they also
hope to cooperate with Russia on issues
like containing Iran and North Korea's
nuclear ambitions
in other words Russia's international
significance presents Britain with a
diplomatic dilemma Britain says it's
ready to act but if this crisis
escalates West
unity could come under great strain
