the Arctic sunrise sails down the west
coast of the Antarctic Peninsula in the
hope of observing krill fishing boats in
action the main focus of the krill
fishery across the entire area is in
this peninsula an insular region the
expedition helicopter takes off and a
rare view of krill boats with their nets
out spotted fishing close to shore they
are operating within their rights
feeding the growing demand for krill
based health products like omega-3 fish
oil and they want to expand their
fishery the krill are obviously densely
packed into this area up against the
island because the boats are just
circling round and round as hoovering
them up and they're the monks at all the
whales are feeding you can see them
blowing and whale tails disappearing
that's flippers showing birds really
around the krill companies say they're
tapping into a resource that is
sustainable with a view here on board is
that that is what they said about other
species like the Bison in North America
or cod stocks off Newfoundland before
both were decimated the area's closest
to the shore are almost always where the
penguin foraging grounds are where whale
feeding grounds are where seal foraging
grounds are and it's exactly where these
boats are choosing to come in and put
their nets and take the krill there
they're directly competing with these
animals for food by radio the campaign
team suggests their company bosses
should consider fishing in less
ecologically sensitive areas and with
that the Arctic sunrise moves on for the
team this is just the beginning of the
battle against krill fishing time to
batten down the hatches the ship is
returning to port in Chile there's still
a major obstacle in the way the Drake
Passage between the Antarctic continent
and Cape Horn and the weather quickly
deteriorates they call the Arctic
sunrise the washing machine you can see
why
I think with the wind it'll be probably
around 3:00 in the morning it steadily
increase so if it gets too bad what
we'll do is put the nose of the ship
into it and slow down and then just ride
the swell next morning as predicted it's
blowing hard so this is the infamous
Drake Passage six meter waves right now
70 kilometer an hour winds but they tell
me that this is quite mild compared to
put it normally is your landings over
there the Pacific is over there this is
where both oceans converge south of Cape
Horn and the weather just keeps rolling
in but after five days of stormy seas we
finally pass into the Magellan Strait
our expedition over the Antarctic
continent behind us and South America
dead ahead Nick Clark al Jazeera Chile
