hello my name is Reverend Saku I am an
artist musician theologian and activist
and I'm in this
hi I'm Molly Kabul and you're in the
stream today betting on blockchain
technology but what exactly is
blockchain Femi thank you for the easy
question Malika well here at South by
Southwest in Austin Texas blockchain is
one of the trendiest conversations you
can be in right now
I have with me some guests who explain
exactly what it is and why people are so
interested Balika well you may already
be using it to trade Bitcoin but tech
enthusiasts say the power of blockchain
could transform a wide range of
industries beyond finance blockchain is
the underlying technology that
facilitates the secure exchange of
cryptocurrencies a blockchain record of
transactions is transparent protected by
cryptography and distributed across many
personal computers making it difficult
for someone to tamper with the network
or create fraudulent entries blockchain
has been touted as the next Internet 2.0
with the power to potentially end
corruption
fight global warming prevent election
fraud and lower health care costs those
are all really big claims so here to
help us understand how this could be
possible
joining me on set is Katherine Foster
executive director of the group
blockchain labs for open collaboration
or block her work has dealt with
addressing sustainable development
climate change and humanitarian issues
and here in Austin Texas I have Mahon
the rulinea tell the world what you do
while you're important I am the director
of the digital currency initiative at
the MIT Media Lab and we focus on doing
fundamental research and trying to build
the internet of value
Tricia Martinez hi I'm the founder and
CEO of Walla and the director of the
dalla Foundation we're on a mission to
bring cryptocurrency to emerging market
consumers it's lovely to say hello
ladies
right across the board what do you make
of this I feel excitement about
cryptocurrency Bitcoin blockchain what
is going on here ladies what do you
think oh so I see a revolution coming so
where Wallander in the financial
inclusion space and we're very bullish
on cryptocurrency and blockchain week
it's actually going to create a
financial revolution within emerging
markets specifically yeah I'm also I
think the developing world is a great
place to look to see where this
technology can have sort of the biggest
impact right I think a lot of people
that I talked to you know they're they
keep talking about using Bitcoin for
payments Bitcoin you know and who takes
Bitcoin where can I spend Bitcoin it's
not really that widely used but you know
we forget in the world we live in we
have access to lots of financial
services not everybody has that so
there's huge potential here Rikka so
tricia mentioned the word revolution nay
aside the developing world i have a
tweet that some spoke of those things up
and agrees with you both this is study
263 they write in blockchain has a
potential to disrupt banking systems
this is true especially in countries
like the zimbabwe or trust in banks is
low and access to hard cash is difficult
blockchain and cryptocurrency means
avoiding bank use and bank charges
catherine the ability or the potential
to disrupt banking systems can you break
that down for us how absolutely well i
come from sustainable development
background but part of what i used to do
was sitting up microfinance banks in
namibia and of course this is very
difficult because first of all you have
to start with someone's identity and the
capacity to have a bank account and that
is the first barrier to banking around
the world the systems that we try to put
in place at the national level or
regional level or at the commercial
level start with this type of process
and are very cumbersome so bitcoin and
blockchain technologies about actually
addressing those inefficiencies and
putting in place a network in a
community that allows for these
transactions to take place without a
middle body so contracts and exchanges
occur without having to go through the
same old verification systems and
without needing a bank by me living and
living a buddha lhasa is a tweeter and
he's looking at the possibilities of
what we might be able to do with
cryptocurrency and he tweeted to us if
there are regulations and good financial
policies
no currency will definitely make our
local economy thrive since there's no
third party involvement and I totally
believe that blockchain tech is
indispensable in today's world of
transaction too soon or just about right
so I think in emerging markets
specifically this is we've been waiting
for this so as we mentioned earlier the
the problem is we don't face a lot of
the problems that consumers face in
emerging markets the cost of banking is
really expensive you don't trust these
financial system there's a lot of fraud
so bringing in cryptocurrency can
resolve a lot of those problems and
that's what has the most immediate
impact on consumers lives when it comes
to access and fees consumers are
continue to operate in cash because it's
easier I can see it I can touch it I
trust it that's why there's a huge need
for an alternative solution in crypto
can be that indispensable
lived in said indispensable are we there
yet i I don't think we're quite there
yet I think we're still you know I I
mean I'm really excited about the
potential of this technology I think it
could be really great but you know I do
want to put the brakes on just a little
bit and say that we are still at the
beginning we there are some really hard
technical challenges that we still have
to solve right now in a way that I would
understand those hot so for example
right now this technology isn't gonna
scale to billions of people we haven't
sort of built in what we need to build
to make that happen and and I think that
there's still a lot of work to do to
figure out how to make that happen
I think another big challenge is around
the usability of this stuff it's really
hard to use and to understand and we're
still kind of trying to figure out what
are the right sort of features in the
software that we need to create in order
to make it really usable
not to mention regulatory so a lot of
governments a lot of central bank's they
don't know how to react to this yet they
still need to be educated and when it's
such a new technology it's hard to
educate when things are constantly are
changing so a lot of regulators are a
little scared they're hesitant they
don't know how to react to it and so
that's gonna be a barrier for quite some
time
Rikka so I wanted to bring in this for
you I'm hearing what you say and there's
one person here who has some skepticisms
as well they say the only beneficial use
for blockchain is fiscal transparency
which even if it's the only it sounds
like a pretty good one and here is why
we got a video comment from someone who
uses that who uses it for exactly that
this is shalida burke she's a musician
out of Los Angeles this is what she told
the stream as a recording artist I'm
using blockchain technology to pay all
the right owners fast and instantly
known they would take three to nine
months for my collaborators to get paid
so I created if there was more contracts
to pay them instantly and to create
transparency so she is mentioning
etherium which is a type of currency its
own type right there help me out there
because I want to make sure I'm giving
our audience exactly what it is
so ether is a digital currency and it's
used for smart contracts what she talked
about is this as that person on Twitter
said this is really the best use of it
that transparency for contracts for
monetary uses well I think there are so
many benefits to blockchain and I agree
it's evolutionary not revolutionary and
that surrounds a whole other discussion
that's happening behind the crypto scene
so what we're seeing what the capacities
are not just in transparency of
transactions but also in the efficiency
of that transaction the amid
immutability so the fact that it cannot
be corrupted without having that central
body and basically the smart contract
approach meaning whatever platform
you're using whether it's aetherium
whether it's Bitcoin whether it's any of
the other main platforms out there you
can actually make transactions with any
type of asset and actually exchange that
without it actually having to be a
cryptocurrency per se but me did you
understand that I was just gonna ask
Nate to maybe help me work out war
enough banks actually say yes we're
gonna use it um you know it's really
interesting for me I think right now the
banks are claiming that they're adopting
this technology they're investigating it
JP
Oregon has a huge blockchain team you
know but I think really when you think
about where this technology is going to
make the most sense it's going to be
disrupting the banking industry I think
the banking industry has been sitting on
its heels for a little too long charging
some pretty high fees doing a lot of
rent-seeking
and doing a lot of intermediating not
necessarily doing a lot of innovating
and I think that the existence of
cryptocurrencies is something that is
going to spur them into action he's a
SDS he says on Twitter that she feels
that cryptocurrency is a get-rich-quick
scam history is riddled with this sort
of thing you've invested your time your
effort your working with other people
Trisha
if someone says it's just a scam a lot
of people feel that way right so
especially when we talk to regulators
governments their first assumption is
Bitcoin the black market people the
first use case of Bitcoin was the black
market buying illegal illegal things and
so it has its negatives who actually
work around the banks the banks to
adoptees so that you don't have to go
through bags and go through currency
exchanges exactly so Bitcoin was created
as a true peer-to-peer system away to
give power back to the people to have
ownership and the money that you're
moving across systems a communication
tool so it wasn't created to to support
these the the black market per se but it
was a compelling use case for it I think
I think also like you have to remember
that often times with new technologies
sometimes the first way that they are
used are for legal purposes the internet
was frequently used to download illegal
music illegally or it was used for corn
that's right and you know that's because
the people who want to do those things
can't do that through existing
technologies because and the new ones
haven't been regulated yet you know
safeguards haven't put in been put in
yet I also just want to say that there
are a lot of scams out there but that
doesn't mean that everything is a scam I
think there is really something very
cool about this technology and they
should be looking out for then
yeah ESMA said that a catherine here is
is nodding her head and she also
chuckled at that tweet there that said
this is just a get-rich-quick scam you
wanted to jump in absolutely because I
think this goes to the the discussion
that we're having in general that all of
the focus right now is on crypto
cryptocurrencies and Bitcoin and behind
that or beside it is an entire wealth of
applications that aren't really being
discussed particularly in sustainable
development humanitarian aid or just in
smart contracts and we do see a lot of
mainstream industries and mainstream
organizations actually harnessing the
power of blockchain to actually build in
systems where inefficiencies exist where
they're not able to work as efficiently
as possible or where they actually can
build in new systems to address
inadequacies you don't have to name drop
companies but give us an example of an
industry that is using it okay well
actually not so much an industry but in
humanitarian aid for example we've seen
a number of really interesting
applications blood diamonds or conflict
diamonds this was an area we worked on
in diplomacy for a very long time trying
to get two certifications in place there
was a lot of fraud around the
certifications a lot of false exchanges
and what we're able to do now is
actually map the diamonds according to
the specific points put that up upload
that and do smart contract exchanges
with the currency exchange as well so
that's what application another would be
humanitarian aid decade one of the
organizations working in this space one
a an award for its it's technology which
basically harnesses IRIScan biometrics
to establish identity and then an
exchange of food aid etc in refugee
camps so that's another application and
then also in the carbon markets an area
I'm working which we're looking into how
we can actually allow for the various
markets to exchange on carbon credits
I mean Trisha you created a
cryptocurrency this is why people think
it might be a scam or they're confused
by it they don't understand it how can
somebody create their own currency
so there's a buzzword going on i SEOs
initial coin offerings also known as
tokens sale so think of it like an IPO
there's a lot of negative and great
things coming out of the space a lot of
companies who have ideas want to create
a cryptocurrency so they can fundraise
and they don't have great use cases that
they're building there are other
companies like dalla we issued a
cryptocurrency to enable instant zero
fee borderless micro payments so we
wanted to slow you down a minute
all right I'm sitting in my house in
South Africa which is where you're based
okay and you think I'm going to create a
cryptocurrency how does what I create
have any value yes so let me let me give
you an example of one of our customers
coup de quash a is an uber driver that
lives in South Africa he's from Zimbabwe
he has to send money home to his mother
every month but there's no money moving
back and forth from Zimbabwe because of
the hyperinflation problems they've
dealt with and the cost to send money is
10 to 15% with traditional remittance
services the banking systems have failed
a lot of these consumers because of the
cost because of the access problems
crypto can be used to actually remove
these fees to enable instant
transactions and to create a borderless
system that's why we create a dollar
because we saw an opportunity to help
consumers get engaged and into the
financial system you monetized a gap in
the market yes exactly
gonna need some more time with you Vinny
yeah and yet there are still out some
out there who just don't know whether
they can trust the technology or the the
cryptocurrency this is one person on
Twitter who says no trust at all this is
a farce
how can you invest in what you can't
verify within if they disappear offline
where's your investment someone else
writes in though I'm kind of pushing
back and K says I completely trust
cryptocurrency in the same level of
trusting the government issued currency
prices of services rendered by a life
coach beauty and lifestyle coach so
really it goes to the question of what
is trusted and what can you trust if
anything but Neha do you want to pick up
on that this person has skepticism on on
whether or not they can actually trust
this technology
yeah and I kind of feel like both sides
of that are right in different ways so
so first of all you know I think what
really helped me kind of get a grasp of
why these things have value
you know it's understanding a little bit
about what money is and why money has
any value at all and you know for a long
time the US dollar hasn't really been
backed by anything and even when it was
backed by gold why is gold worth
anything and when you start to sort of
unpeel these layers and dig into this
you realize Oh money is something that
we invented because it's useful and it
works because we've all decided it works
if I pay you $5 for that notebook you're
gonna take it and you're gonna give me
the notebook because you know you can
use that $5 somewhere else and someone
else will take that $5 right and so
that's really kind of what the money is
based on and so when you sort of accept
that cryptocurrencies become a little
bit less of a leap yes
you know why does this thing have value
because Tricia's building a service
around this cryptocurrency that people
find useful and that is why her currency
will have value so I think that that is
a really important thing to sort of kind
of try to connect the dots in your head
regarding you know why you should trust
this it's really interesting actually
because the origin of these things
around Bitcoin was based on people not
trusting the government not trusting
each other but still wanting to be able
to securely transact and so a lot of
these things the good cryptocurrencies
are created by very paranoid people who
are constantly thinking about ways that
people could try to attack you and are
trying to build in safeguards around
those ways and so the way that I think
you know the really robust
cryptocurrencies work is that they're
all very verifiable you can kind of
download everything yourself you can
look at it all you can make sure that
all the numbers check out that the money
is real and that's what makes it so
powerful is it puts this in the hands of
the users the users can go verify
everything for themselves you name a few
the robust ones so people watching this
and they're thinking I want to dip my
toe and I'm really interested in let me
dip my toe in a really robust
cryptocurrency which would be
so this is a tricky question I mean
because I don't want to you know
recommend you go invest in anything yeah
sorry now I'm not giving any financial
advice yes now yeah I mean definitely
the ones that have been around the
longest and also you know never ever
invest more than you can afford to lose
I would also mention that there right
now because the space is so new and it's
starting to really flourish and take off
that there's still a lack of governance
and so there are scams there are bad
apples that are coming out and you
Kryptos it are meant to take advantage
of consumers and take money and run away
and and so it's a part of a backer as an
investors job to do their due diligence
do research really understand what
you're participating in before jumping
in so it sounds like the advice is do
your research I want to bring up two
tweets here Catherine for those who
might be in our audience might be
considering this considering this but
are concerned this is a call
specifically for the women in our
audience
Alexia says women consider crypto
otherwise the men are going to get all
the wealth again another person Linda
says that one of the common themes that
she hears from people is that people I
speak with know a surprising amount
about cryptocurrencies but they don't
feel like they understand enough to then
join that space no one is an expert
we're all creating entirely new systems
in all learning as we go so good advice
there what is your advice and why is
this a space that some people may not
feel like they're comfortable in yet
well I think we're conflating two issues
here is women in crypto and women in
blockchain and there's been a lot of
debate about women participating in
crypto and I think that's because it
ties together three communities that
really have been fairly male-dominated
in the past and that is you know the
technical the financial and also the
Silicon Valley sort of entrepreneurship
startup launch approach and that's sort
of the approach around the kryptos right
now we're seeing a lot of icos initial
coin offerings launched into the space
and it's about doing the due diligence
but I think there's also an element of
blockchain building into other
industries that don't involve crypto
that might involve tokens which are
similar to crypto but about exchanging
or information or contracts and there I
see a plethora of women investing in the
space building out in the space and
participating in that space in leading
it so I think that it we really need to
watch how we actually talk about women
in blockchain and women in crypto good
advice for me and a genkai kind of
backed you up here Katherine with her
tweets who asked she says crypto is a
male-dominated field so far so far and
meeting and collaborating with any women
itan is very exciting we have a lot of
women in this in this conversation there
are more out there I'm just wondering as
we bring it back to South by Southwest
that conversation how do you get more
people involved how do you grow this now
you were saying we're not quite there
yet it's not ready yeah yeah how do you
make this a bigger community I mean this
is I spend a lot of time working on this
at MIT we teach classes and those
classes are hugely oversubscribed it's
amazing a section yeah and and one thing
we're doing right now we're teaching a
class on cryptocurrencies were actually
putting all of the information online
we're recording every lecture we're
hoping to release it as an online course
part of the problem is there are online
courses out there that are great but you
know the space moves so fast that you
six months after a class comes out it's
already out of date there's already a
new stuff and so you know we're trying
as fast as we can to keep up with it I
was thinking about this today and I
actually think that first tweeter really
had a point which is that you know I
really want to make sure that there's a
more diverse base involved in this
technology like if we just look at it as
technology I think it's going to be
incredibly important in the future we
need to get more women more diversity
more people represented in it and you
know I also totally aligned with that
it's so new everyone's still figuring it
out just jump in just jump in and start
learning yeah yeah I think the
technology itself is creating inclusive
societies and systems but I do have a
fear that women that minorities are
going to be left behind and I
think our company we're trying to make
an effort to really build these systems
in Africa we want to make sure that with
Financial Inclusion especially that
these consumers don't get left behind in
the next wave of financial innovation
and so whether it's women whether it's
minorities we have to do our job to be
vocal very vocal as women in the space
and make a lot of noise and create
inclusive systems so more people join
great have you been vocal right here on
the stream Malika mmm-hmm so I want to
bring up this tweet here just at the end
of our conversation and Katherine I took
your point or I take your point on
making sure that we're careful about not
putting together two different things so
cryptocurrency and block chain here's
someone who was doing both though this
is Indian crypto girl she says I am
doing it bit by bit encouraging others
to join this space via recruiting
talented women in blockchain companies
by promoting girls to invest in crypto
through my Twitter handle major
challenges I face is lack of awareness
and removing the social stigma that
women can't invest specifically in my
country India so in a sentence or so how
would you get people to start to learn
about the blockchain world where do you
even begin absolutely I think we they
should begin where they are and
diversity is the big word here it's not
really about women it's about diversity
and diversity of the issues that they
want to address why they're interested
are they interested in investing are
they interested in in building solutions
for specific problems that they're
facing in their community it's really
about their personal point of interest
and there are lots of resources out
there available and constantly moving
and changing right well you heard it
here first I will end on this suite that
we got from Anna junkai who says the
future of cryptocurrency in parenthesis
is female on the next show that's all
the time we have for this one but we
will be talking about technology again
is it revolutionary revolutionising life
with a disability it's the last of our
shows from Austin and we want you to
follow along with that hashtag stream at
South by Southwest you can tweet us what
you think this week of shows thanks for
watching and
we'll see you online
