three years ago fault lines went to
Baltimore during a historic uprising
following the death of 25 year old
Freddie gray in police custody the
city's pain and anger over decades of
police abuse had reached a boiling point
and the nation took notice
I can't tell people not to be angry you
know they have a right to be angry
we were all temor flooded the streets to
demand accountability and when the
federal government launched a civil
rights investigation and the officers
who arrested gray were charged with
crimes it looked like some
accountability might come but at the
same time another police scandal was
brewing during the chaos of the protests
a police officer named Wayne Jenkins was
actively running a drug operation
he took prescription drugs that were
stolen from looted pharmacies and resold
them on the black market
but that's not all he was doing Wayne
Jenkins was a sergeant in charge of a
powerful unit of plainclothes detectives
their job was to take firearms off the
street but this FBI evidence revealed
that the officers operated as a gang
within the police department profiling
residents breaking into homes stealing
cash trafficking drugs and looting the
city of overtime pay what didn't they do
it was crooked cops around and doing bad
things to people in 2017 eight officers
were arrested in one of the worst
American police scandals in a generation
fault lines returned to Baltimore in the
midst of that scandal which raised
questions the communities across the
u.s. have been asking for years how do
corrupt officers remain on the street
and who should police
police so these officers were finally
caught who caught them the US Attorney's
Office the feds as it were and that's
that's scary because like because if an
outside agency didn't step in they'd
still be out there
don't worry where you going
the FBI use wiretaps to close its case
against Baltimore's corrupt cops this is
audio from those recorded phone calls
the detectives can be heard plotting
their next crimes I got you when their
paychecks arrived they bragged about
stolen overtime and as the FBI closed in
the detectives joked about the brazen
schemes of their boss that's the voice
of detective Jamel Ram he pleaded guilty
to a host of robberies and a conspiracy
to resell guns and drugs so this is Rams
plea agreement from 2017 but Rams plea
revealed something even more shocking he
had committed crimes for nearly a decade
he admits to crimes dating back to 2009
sometimes detective Rams stopped
residents in broad daylight and robbed
them on the side of the road that's what
happened to Gary Brown in the back
hey Jay you did not take the Polish took
my money wait a long time was before you
know I didn't get like that that's the
thing that's what he is they just took
the money pull it off we go what did you
think when he told you that the police
stole his money you don't believe they
were actually police that stole his
money yeah who do you think that who do
you think Jenna thing what do you think
they were they were imposters it was
2009 and Braun was driving up this
street in West Baltimore
he had cash in his trunk which he
planned the deposit at the bank but
before he could get there RAM and two
other plainclothes officers pulled him
over he say um
cut the call from get out so I cut the
call I got out he begins to go through
the car opening doors and all that pop
the trunk he takes the cuffs off on me
say come on y'all and hit Russell his
buddies get in the car and pull off he
didn't give me a citation a contact slip
he didn't see nothing but Bob the
officers stole $11,000 from the trunk so
Braun went to this building to complain
even though it doesn't look like it this
is actually the Internal Affairs
building where residents are supposed to
come and file complaints against
officers total office interiors
Baltimore stationery company it's like
they're incognito inside this building
the police department investigates its
own officers
but these misconduct investigations are
secret in Maryland and 22 other states
an officers disciplinary record is kept
confidential why do you think they made
the building the Internal Affairs
building so obscure the Internal Affairs
Division does appear to have like this
covert operation right I think that they
believe we're conducting these
top-secret investigations and so why
would we want the public to come in here
interfering with that
that's that's a problem Internal Affairs
has the power to discipline officers but
in cities across America that rarely
happens when Brown was robbed
Baltimore's Internal Affairs Division
ruled against officers only 7% of the
time these are the confidential files
from the investigation of Detective RAM
oh it's a good one it's difficult to get
a copy but a whistleblower gave them to
civil rights attorney Josh Inslee am I
gonna be shocked that a cop's gonna want
it he said she said in Baltimore City no
I'm not but this wasn't that he said she
said
internal affairs investigates it they
bring these guys in they take statements
they take statements for mr. brown the
polygraph everybody and RAM fails the
polygraph you know did you rob this guy
no probability of deception greater than
99 percent internal affairs caught
detective Ram and two of his colleagues
in a series of lies here we go
allegations misconduct sustained
misconduct general sustained Ram could
have lost his job false statement
sustained and neglect of duty sustained
Jen fired him do you rob somebody
you took a polygraph he failed but
that's not what happened Raya appealed
the ruling and a trial board of his
fellow officers cleared him of
wrongdoing I mean it's it's like getting
caught tiptoeing out the window with the
with the mask in the bag and the dollar
sign on it out of the crime scene and
that's still not enough then what is you
know what getting indicted by the feds
that is that's the only stopgap is to be
so notorious that the actual US
Attorney's Office has to come in and
indict you off the street the police
department kept ray um on the street and
the public remained in the dark state
law treats these cases or these officer
misconduct allegations as personnel
records that are held confidential and
not able to be released to the public
officers are actually public servants
they have the public trust and there of
course there to protect and serve the
public and so when they have violate the
public or accused of violating the
public is something the public should
know
Brown never got the stolen money back
and he didn't know that Ram had stayed
on the force one day when I was watching
TV you know his picture popped up I said
that's the month I took my money Ram
said he sold drugs with another former
police officer oh and how did you feel
when you saw their month on collagen um
frustrated upset thinking that told him
that I went the eternal affairs and
totally took my money ten years when
y'all just getting when you have people
in the neighborhoods and you say look
these police robbed you they beat you
they they plant drugs on you there's
some time we know they do and we're
gonna send them back out there anyway
it's it's a reflection on the official
stance that the city has on the value of
their lives you know and and that's the
problem and that's where riots come from
you're supposed to protect and serve
y'all ain't doing under that they're not
policing anything they're just and force
and force they only have no respect for
us so why should we have respect for
them the corruption was not limited to
detective Raya
after the 2015 uprisings here
the Department of Justice began a civil
rights investigation of policing in
Baltimore the DOJ found that police here
routinely violated people's rights and
internal affairs
had enabled those abuses in this report
the DOJ found that internal affairs
almost never holds officers accountable
in Baltimore between 2010 and 2015 they
ruled against officers accused of
serious misconduct only 2% of the time
let's be honest this is not something
that just as exists here in Baltimore
but this whole you know giving
additional or extra deference to law
enforcement and treating law enforcement
as if there's somehow above the law
above the people is just a culture it's
a mentality during the Obama
administration Department of Justice
attorney Jonathan Smith revealed a
national trend DOJ investigations of
some 20 American cities found the police
had failed to police their own the
finding that accountability systems are
inadequate and broken and the Internal
Affairs is not designed to identify and
address serious Macario police officers
is a common finding in Police Department
after police department after Police
Department what makes the scandals so
serious and significant and political is
that over time the department has failed
to address its own issues its it failed
to engage the community and mistrust has
built up
reform reform isn't always pretty
it's messy sometimes in Baltimore this
man was hired to tackle the problem
soon after the protests in 2015 Kevin
Davis had a lot of work to do this place
was a mess
there was no accountability here the
lack of accountability and internal
affairs contributed to making these guys
the monsters that they turned out to be
Davis made it a priority to improve
internal affairs the division began to
rule against accused officers more often
I did my very best to identify some
organizational terrorists that had
horrific reputations in the community as
as being brutal and corrupt and and we
did our very best to remove several of
those police officers from the police
department and in fact we did I think in
the year 2016 alone I fired 22 police
officers but 2016 was also the year that
sergeant Wayne Jenkins carried out some
of his biggest heists this video
captures Jenkins and his colleagues
trying to cover up a robbery that
sergeant Jenkins telling his colleagues
not to touch the money in the safe but
moments earlier they had pocketed a
hundred thousand dollars were you
getting a lot of complaints against
these officers there were definitely a
good number yes Rodney Hill was in
charge of internal affairs for five
years before retiring in 2018
I'd heard his name many times and I
heard that these guys are doing some
really shady things as had the people in
the FBI Task Force
cocaine probably else a two and a
quarter just by looking at it I didn't
touch it that open the visor anagon
today to keep that alone I want you to
go up and pull the visor down you're
gonna see everything this body cam
footage shows how Jenkins and his crew
operated many of their crimes began with
a traffic stop and ended with
allegations of planted evidence and home
invasions right there so anka this man's
case along with hundreds of others was
dropped after the officers were arrested
what role did this gun task force fill
with city officials numbers that
generated stats and that's all it was
about you know guns on the table they
were making a lot of arrests they were
making probably weekly if not daily just
ripping and running snatching guns
police officials wanted to prove they
could tackle the city's soaring homicide
rate so they championed the aggressive
tactics of Jenkins in the squad when the
political pressure comes that's when
guys like Wayne Jenkins and and this
crew that's when they can really excel
because that's when the blind eyes get
turned the end is justified the means
this Police Department had a biking like
mentality where police officers were
told to go out and get arrests get guns
get drugs wake search warrants get drug
seizures seems cars and their worth was
judged on the amount of those things
that they brought back to the table
while Jenkins committed crimes
he also racked up accolades this is a
country's task force their boss praising
them a few months before they were
arrested couldn't be more proud at the
strong work with his team sergeant
Jenkins and sergeant Ellis are worth the
Bronze Star
here he is receiving an award for valor
from Commissioner Davis the reality of
it all was that that sergeant was in
fact a criminal the scrutiny of it all
now is hyper focused as it should be on
who knew what and when and if they
didn't know anything at all should they
have known it did you know that the
country's Task Force officers had so
many complaints against them did I
personally no no should you have known
about the the number of complaints
against these detectives away from the
questions seem like they're getting into
a lot of hindsight I think at least in
their mind they were probably feeling
that maybe they're invincible that
became clear to Rodney Hill when he
watched this surveillance footage in
it showed Jenkins and the great t-shirt
searching this van the officers were to
report stating that drugs were inside
they used that claim to justify a search
of this man's home but this footage
caught Jenkins in a lie there were no
drugs in the van Hill recommended that
Jenkins be demoted got little I'd say
maybe touchy because there were people
going come on man this guy's doing this
why you guys messing with him powerful
people wanted Jenkins to stay on the
street Hill says one of the department's
highest ranking officials overruled him
once enough my Shabo was pretty anymore
and they had reduced the punishment
Jenkins was not demoted so these guys
were kind of getting a pass yeah yeah I
would say that it's not just a matter of
a few bad apples this is a culture of
corruption that have been allowed to
exist and so I think the only solution
is we have to have an independent body
that's investigating and making
disciplinary recommendations that are
adhere to Joe Carter says the city's
civilian review board is supposed to do
just that nine community leaders are
appointed by the mayor to oversee police
investigations but the board's power is
limited if the civilian review board had
had more power I don't believe the gun
trace task force officers would have
been allowed to get or able to get away
with the offenses they committed in the
large way that they did and for the
length of time I know for a fact that
the civilian review board had cases
against at least two of the officers in
the gun trace task force and that they
had made recommendations but those
recommendations had been ignored the
civilian review board had recommended
that two of the corrupt officers be
fired but the police didn't have to act
on that recommendation there is no
requirement that the Baltimore Police
Department follow the recommendations of
the civilian review board there is not
even a requirement that the civilian
review board's recommendations are
weighted in the ultimate decision that's
made about an officer's fate by the
Baltimore Police Department for now the
police still hold the ultimate power to
police their own in Baltimore it's a
system that enabled certain jenkins to
remain on the street in late 2016
andre Crowder encountered jenkins in the
South Baltimore neighborhood of Cherry
Hill yeah Wayne Wayne Wayne put
handcuffs on me I'm like I know what's
going off so you don't have a seat belt
on at the time I ain't think about it
like seat belt
you got tinted windows I got tenant
windows
we're on a dock law street Andriy was
arrested and booked for gun possession
he says the gun was planted in his car
Andre talked to his sister from jail
later that night she like um yeah we
cleaning up the house some like cleaning
up the house away what for what like
what you mean cleaning the house Oh cuz
the police came in here and they ran
through the household Oh according to
Andres family Jenkins had searched their
home without a warrant
he took whatever he wanted I'm 28 at the
time you ran my name you seen that yeah
I have priors good candidate for me to
go ahead and see what I can get out of
them and luckily they came up on a law
of a 9000 off of me but Andre lost more
than money while he was in jail his
three-year-old son Amir was hospitalized
after three days
Andre posted bail on charges that would
later be dropped he went straight to the
hospital to see his son his right lung
had collapsed already and he was halfway
through the left so when he get down to
the um Shock Trauma this one I'll let it
unfold and then I came in and um where
was I
I'm losing focus so uh my son passed
seven o'clock Saturday morning lost my
child
I don't want to blame it on the
situation on the police because that had
nothing to do what my son's health but
that hindered me from spending those
last moments with him
I've lost time that I that I can't get
back Jenkins
took over the unit while you were the
commissioner right
do you accept some of the
responsibilities then happily why don't
you or the police case police
commissioner so I accept responsibility
as the Commissioner in Baltimore for
everything everything I'll take a
hundred percent of the blame for
anything that happened under my tenure
because that's what leaders do when a
uniform is tarnished like like that like
he and others tarnished him it takes a
long long time to dig out of that hole
Davis was replaced as police
commissioner earlier this year we still
left the place better than we found it
because things are now in place systems
are now in place processes policies and
consent decree are now in place to make
it better in the future
so you think that internal affairs is in
a place now to prevent another country's
task force scandal from happening no I
never said that
the Baltimore Police Department declined
months of requests for an interview its
officials are scrambling to prove they
can prevent the next corruption scandal
a federal judge is enforcing new reforms
inside the department but the progress
has been slow and the victims of the
latest scandal say new reforms can't
replace what they've lost
mind you that I pay my tax dollars to
I'm funding your salary to me although
case well don't mean that custom can
what I mean basically I paid you to do
this to me it's been a decade since
police robbed Gary Brown now he's
worried about what could happen to a
seven-year-old son that's a rough place
to grow up when the cops are bringing
long he's had to teach a son a hard
lesson the police can't always be
trusted to do the right thing what do
you want for him for him to get out of
here get away this fall from the Western
District Police is possible that's what
I really want if I could get him to get
away from here then I feel like I did my
job as his father something happens when
we kidding called police there's
something happen he not gonna believe
now get updated Ronan
you
