it's taken Ezekiel Vicente a lifetime to
get to here when the pen seems to guide
itself what he sees in his community of
tenango Mexico flies off the page made
flesh by his wife this intricate dream
world has been built up in the
imagination of generations of tenango
craftspeople
together the communities become famous
for these tapestries now they're worried
that their shared heritage is being
exploited by big brands who use their
designs but don't share the profits well
most people but we can make anything
we're asked to that we should be paying
a fair amount that way we can get ahead
generate employment here and pay people
right a recent study by NGO impacto
concludes that a clothing brands have
plagiarized indigenous designs the
Spanish clothing firm mango used the
tenango design in this sweater after
complaints they withdrew it and wrote a
letter pledging to help the community
several indigenous communities in Mexico
have their own distinctive designs which
are sold locally in shops and markets
these are often poor people so when they
see their patterns being used in
mass-produced or luxury clothing without
compensation or recognition it really
rankles the problem is judging when the
thin line between inspiration and
plagiarism is crossed defining that by
copyright is tough because the designs
are often the cultural heritage of
entire communities rather than just one
person
congresswoman Paola Felix says companies
shouldn't see it as a legal question but
one of moral duty services they need to
get ethically responsible because at the
end of the day it's stealing the designs
of Mexican craftspeople we have to have
the awareness to say you can't exploit
the designs in other countries and say
they are yours
it's a complicated picture but the very
fact it's been watched more closely than
ever may mean a fairer deal for
mitsuko's craftspeople John Holman
al-jazeera
Metro City
