the u.s. warns the UN act now on Syria
all we will go it alone
Syrian ass racks backed by Russia have
made eastern water hell on earth
Washington says enough is enough but
what would the Trump administration do
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hashim Alberta the United States wants
an immediate ceasefire after more than
three weeks of heavy bombing on Syria's
rebel-held enclave of Astana volta and
it wants the backing of the United
Nations Security Council if it doesn't
get that the US says it's prepared to
take its own action and that could draw
it further into a war that also involves
Russia and Iran so who can enforce a new
ceasefire and good Washington go it
alone will speak to our panel in a
moment but first his Christian salut
Me's report from the UN series bleeding
inside and out
two weeks after agreeing to a ceasefire
the Security Council learned their words
were having little effects for civilians
on the ground in Syria in eastern Goethe
alone according to the UN more than
1,000 have died in recent weeks amid
continued shelling the United States
said it was prepared to offer a second
resolution calling for an immediate end
to all military action in eastern Goethe
and Damascus City ambassador nikki Haley
backed her words with a threat
we support the United Nations political
process that seeks to end the war in
Syria but we also warn any nation that
is determined to impose its will through
chemical attacks and inhuman suffering
most especially the outlaw Syrian regime
the United States remains prepared to
act if we must in the last year as Haley
reminded everyone the u.s. bombed an
airfield in Syria believed to be
associated with a chemical attack
Syria's ally the Russians questioned the
UN source of information saying Syria
continues to act within its rights gloom
precedes the counterterrorism operation
which has continued by the Syrian
military is not in contradiction with
resolution 24:01 the government of Syria
has every right to try and remove the
threat to the safety of its citizens the
ceasefire resolution proposed by the
United States would take effect
immediately
with no exceptions for groups on the
UN's
terrorist list but it would require
Russian support to pass highlighting yet
again the limits the boarded divided
Security Council can do for the people
of Syria kristen salumi al Jazeera the
United Nations
Russia has warned the u.s. of very
serious consequences if there's a new US
strike on Syria Foreign Minister Sergei
Lavrov said it's one thing to
responsibly exploit the microphone in
the UN Security Council and it's another
thing when both the Russian and American
militaries have communication channels
and it's clearly stated via these
channels what can be done and what must
not be done let's take a look at what's
been happening inside the Damascus
suburb eastern Jota has been under siege
since 2013 and is the last rebel
stronghold near the capital almost 1,100
civilians have been killed in
russian-backed Syrian government attacks
in the last three weeks including
hundreds of women and children at least
400,000 residents are trapped inside the
Enclave with more than one thousand
people in urgent need of medical
evacuation let's go now to our guests
joining us in Moscow vhe Slav mutters of
a former Russian diplomat who has served
in the Middle East and the u.s. in
London Christel director of the Council
for Arab British understanding and in
Muscat Oman via Skype Hasan iary
professor of international relations and
security issues at Sultan Qaboos
University welcome to you all maybe
start by asking mister much as of this
why do you think all the parties are not
able to agree on a ceasefire that can be
implemented by all the parties well I
think that the Russian position is
absolutely clear and hard if they listen
to mr. Putin a lost application to
applying to total Russian audience and
to the world he concentrated his
attention on military aspects of Russian
foreign policy I think that previously
the United States had a very good
information from inside the Russian
ruling circles
inside Russian government military and
intelligence circles that Russia will
not go ahead when America will make
initiative for for giving a blow tour to
Syrian army too and some Russian
specialists today I think it is
obviously that Russia changed its mind
and I am sure that Americans are very
closely watching the situation inside
Russia inside the Russian government
inside Kremlin and I think that now it
was very serious react from Russian side
will be if the United States go ahead
with the previous conclusions mr. door
do you think yeah I see your point let
me go to mr. door mr. door do you think
the Americans will go ahead with their
threats and carry what and carry out a
military intervention inside Syria
that's very hard to tell I think it
depends and the big question is what is
actually the American intent here
because if it is about trying to help
the four hundred thousand Syrians in
Ruto who have suffered so much and let's
not forget that I mean areas of route
have been under siege since November
2013 this area was hit by chemical
weapons attack in that year as well if
it is all about that then any
intervention really is almost certainly
too late and in many ways there is an
argument to say that the people of East
Reuter are being used as a pawn in
tensions between Russia and the United
States so exactly what will the
Americans try to do is it about
punishing the regime for what has
happened the use of chemical weapons the
reported use of chlorine amongst other
things in this era or is it to try to
weaken the regime's
hold its military capabilities this is
very unclear and their risks are huge of
course that actually could escalate into
clashes direct clashes between Ameri
in Russian forces both of which by the
way are of course present in Syria
ultimately the people in eastern Reuter
has to be the focus of whatever happens
now because it is they who are suffering
it is they who are living in basements
and they who don't have any of food and
medication they who have actually been
denied vital surgical equipment and
indeed of course the evacuation of
people who desperately in need of vital
surgery and that must be the crux of any
policy going forward from the United
States or need any other country but
then if this is to be the top priority
for the international community and the
Americans in particular let me go to mr.
Yuri in Muscat this isn't the first time
that civilians have been subjected to
siege to force them into submission or
starvation this isn't the first time
that whole communities have been driven
out of their own areas in Syria this
isn't the first time that we've seen
children women being bombed by the
Syrian government a strikes still the
international community is doing nothing
in the national community in this
context basically we are talking about
the Security Council UN Security Council
where the five big countries have a veto
power we saw that in the past if a
number of attempts were made in order to
establish some kind of corridor to feed
people under siege to help them to
evacuate the injured and so forth but it
was not so accessible because for
Russians and for the Syrian government
as well as for the Iranians there is
only one way ahead and that's the
destruction of the enemies of the Syrian
regime so in that context as you in your
introduction we could see killing
thousands of civilians doesn't really
matter so international community or the
UN in this sense is absolutely incapable
to do whatever is needed to be done
because
great hours they are confronting each
other and the Syrian people they paid
the price so unless the Americans and
Russians come to their sense that the
priority should be something years and
not positioning themselves for the
future of the region we will see the
continuation of this situation we saw as
these fires in the past none of them
were respected because cease fires are I
believe the kind of PR by the Russians
and by the Syrian government in order to
say that they are doing something and he
mediately after accepting the ceasefire
they continue the bombardment so an
international community I suppose they
can't do anything mr. matu zone I mean
I've listened to you saying basically
the Russians won't tolerate any military
action in Syria
however the Russians themselves seems to
seem to be sending mixed signals they
are the ones who indicated that a
slaughter is going to be part of the
de-escalation zone in the Istana
agreement but at the same time that
breaking the promises they made my
opinion is judgment about Russian
intention is very important because any
Russian intention to answer on American
it depends on American intention if
American now demonstrate an escalation
and a great mark for that intention of
the United States government is
retirement or tell Rex Tillerson that we
are heard about a less than one hour ago
so this means that some yes Laura it's
it's except it is well it was Donald
Trump and administration is it's
absolutely clear today right now I think
it's remarks at different changes in
American attitude towards a Mary
and Poland foreign policy in Syria and
the Numidian Middle East I think Russia
will react this time different in
different way
it was reacted in during sharat they
reserved why because any now using
arguments for just for chemical weapons
using and so on it doesn't work today
anytime opposition will go will be under
and under and oppression pressing
Assyrian army we hear about a violation
of international law about chemical
attacks and so on now it doesn't work I
think that different situation we are
facing today and I think all sides
should account the situation from
current events not that was previous but
the way you talk about I can get current
events with all my respect mr. matrosov
the way you talk you give me the
impression that the thousands of
civilians have been killed those who
have been bombed those who are seeking
refuge those who have absolutely nowhere
to go I'm not taking into consideration
in your own calculations this story is
more now about the people of Syria
well I think that accusation are based
on the wrong information of the what is
going on at the on the underground mm-hm
it's different view if the United States
want to see some arguments to begin
violation and an interference it finds
in very easily we watch and saw quite a
lot of times in fabrication of many
other arguments that are not working
today
so I think that it is not time for any
fabrications okay but mr. Russia making
the fleet is making maneuvering in the
show sea
of Syria right now with using rockets
and the Declaration of chief of Russian
stuff karate move is very serious I
think it's better not to move ahead okay
suppose that we had from here from Haley
and terrorism a may in Great Britain
mister don't it doesn't this remind you
of the whole episode around the fall of
Aleppo in all the international
community's outcry over what's happening
nothing happened after that there are
massive similarities with that situation
and certainly it went down to the very
very bitter end in eastern Aleppo and I
think that those of us who really care
about the people in eastern route are
have been hoping hoping somewhat in vain
that a solution would be found where
people actually wouldn't have to be
reduced to the sort of circumstances
that we are seeing today but I think we
need to be clear here that hospitals and
medical facilities have been hit in rota
now the Russians know perfectly well
that the Syrian regime has been doing
this this doesn't even therefore need to
be a debate about the use of chemical
weapons the Syrians a Syrian regime has
violated the Security Council that
Russia itself signed up for and voted
for it didn't veto it and we have seen a
complete and recklessness about
abandoning international or violating
Security Council resolutions and I think
that there is an issue here does the
Security Council matter in international
relations anymore because this is also
very very much at stake now what happens
now I hope it doesn't escalate but I do
hope that Russia Russian leaders will
listen to the pressure and try to really
get the Syrian regime to allow a proper
cessation of hostilities the proper
access it is required because anything
other than that is simply an outrage
this cannot be allowed to continue but
nobody wants to see that sort of
escalation going forward mm-hmm don't
forget also that we are seeing
escalation elsewhere in Syria it's not
just about Ruta we're seeing it also an
afternoon
and we are also seeing it up in the
north of Syria as well in it Lib and
there needs to be action there so one
has to keep one's eye on Reuter but also
in other areas too mr. Yardley I mean
when you talk to Western diplomat about
what is happening in Syria they will
tell you that ultimately it's better to
maintain the international order the
international multilateral institutions
although they don't seem to be efficient
because that's the only way we can
prevent massacres against civilians you
look at the situation on the ground what
is what is happening it's it's it's it's
it is a massacre of civilians in
different parts of the country so what
is the problem here is it the problem of
the international institutions or is it
there's something that something
completely wrong about the Syrian
conflict member states they do not
respect them they don't want them to
function this is precisely what we see
in the U and if we go back to the
aftermath of the First World War when
the League of Nations was created the
Lea failed badly to fulfill his
responsibilities because precisely this
reason the member states did not wanted
to function well and then the UN was
created we do hope that this time after
the second a big one we are going to
with some coin to some level of
civilized collaboration between the
states again the institution is failing
not because of the idea of the UN the
charter of the UN is bad but because the
interest of states prevail over the
interest of the international community
so you are not in the presence of an
institution that is completely under the
independent from the interest of
individual Nations the UN is taken
hostage during the that was the
situation during the Cold War and since
then the end of the Cold War we are
witnessing the same thing so unless the
great powers come to some kind
of understanding that they have a bigger
responsibility than the national
interest we will continue to see the
massacres of displacement we would see
more devastation more destruction and
the consequently more misery for the
ordinary people who do not count in this
kind of calculation by the great powers
so they are nothing if I say wanted mr.
Mott reserved I mean the Russians
started the Astana talks in a way
basically to rebrand themselves as a
honest broker but by continuing to play
this world which is basically tilting
the ground in favor of us Channel I said
paving the way for the massacre of
civilians aren't you concerned that the
man might lose the trust of the
international community they consider
that all accusations against the Syrian
regime's Bashar Assad is far from from
the truth because it is going on the
fight against terrorism and all forces
are fighting terrorism in Syria came to
this country on the invitation of on
legitimate Authority and in Russia there
are big questions what kind of legal
status of the United States in the
Syrian territory why they are coming and
supporting terrorist groups that was a
question arose in Russia officially
right now I think that it is now it is
one of the subject why the US doesn't
want to lose in gutte
in the reserve in the dura because it's
say only in the territories without
without control of terrorist groups at
dice and nusra that is proclaimed as a
terroristic by the United Nations
Security Council
resolution I think that about
legitimately
the work of our active actions of
Russian army and Syrian army in there as
in Goethe Eastern Goethe it is not
correspond to the real international law
ok I think it is main contradictions
between Russia and the United States
while watching what is going on on
Syrian territory mr. Doyle now the
United States doesn't acknowledge leg
legitimate e of Syrian government and it
is one of the reasons why or we watched
sow big contradictions mr. Doyle
I mean against the backdrop of the
inefficiency of the international
political order ongoing massacre of
civilians in Syria it seems like this is
going to be a new pattern to pave the
way for the Syrian government to take
over eastern water and then the rebels
will be less we're the last remaining
stronghold which is Italy in a way or
another this could be the beginning of
the end
don't you think so I think the Syrian
regime is certainly going to prevail in
return I would disagree with your
previous speaker I don't think the
United States really cares that much
about the fate of Reuter at all because
if it did we would have seen a
considerably much greater diplomatic and
other actions before and I think that
actually the Trump administration
largely has accepted that ultimately the
Syrian regime is likely to prevail
against other Syrians but it has other
issues within Syria primarily it was the
issue of - yes but also the Iranian
presence in Syria as well so I think one
should be careful of assuming that this
newfound concern for Ruta is really
genuine in any way it just doesn't fit
with what we are seeing and indeed
there's an element here that the United
States may be just merely embarrassed by
the illegitimate actions of the Russian
noisy boys it's gone too far and is
trying to make sure that not using
chemical
weapons and certainly not bombing
hospitals is the way forward if the
United States really cared it would have
done something different I see a point
mr. mr. Gary this is going to be my last
question do you think that diplomacy
still can step in and put an end to the
situation in Syria I don't believe so
diplomacy can't work if belligerence the
IG to use it mediation is not working
it's absolutely clear and we will see
that in a near future that what Russians
and Iranians and the Syrian government
wants ready to clean to clean up the
Syrian territory from all elements who
question the legitimacy of an
illegitimate government from Moscow he
is talking about the legitimate
government in in Damascus I don't know
where that concept comes from so what we
are going to see the heavy heavier
bombardments on the different places
I see power under the control of rebels
and consequently an end to this
situation but again the important
question is what would be the picture
the day after the victory of Russians
Iranians in will we live in fortunes
were running out of time thank you very
much indeed mr. Hassan
yeah Reims the ashes love matters over
and Kris story thank you very much
indeed for your contribution to the
program and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hashable but
i'll the whole team here bye for now
you
