Rex Tillerson was an unusual choice for
Secretary of State he had no experience
as a diplomat instead he spent his
career first as an engineer rising
through the ranks eventually becoming
the CEO for energy giant Exxon he was
controversial because in that job he was
awarded a high honor by Russian
President Vladimir Putin and that became
an issue as he looked to the Senate for
confirmation as vitomir Putin a war
criminal I would not use that term he
got more no votes than any other
Secretary of State in the country's
history but he was confirmed and quickly
set out to reassure a nervous Department
hi I'm the new guy
till ursins first goal find out how to
shrink the State Department and foreign
aid agency launching a survey to figure
out where cuts could be made which
departments streamlined he said until it
was done most top positions would not be
filled in unheard of move in Washington
and he seemed to embrace a proposed cut
of almost 30% the department's budget
but it turned out his biggest challenge
trying to be on the same page as his
boss during the GCC crisis he called for
an end to the blockade only to have
President Donald Trump contradict him
just about an hour later his first
attempt at shuttle diplomacy failed to
move the GCC crisis to resolution and
when it came to North Korea he once
again seemed out of step
while Tillerson expressed hope that the
crisis could be handled diplomatically
his boss promised fire and fury they
will be met with fire fury and frankly
power and the discord continued when
Tillerson announced the u.s. was
speaking directly to North Korean
officials the president tweeted that
Tillerson was wasting his time writing
Savior energy Rex will do what has to be
done but the clearest break came after
the president seemed to equate white
supremacists with the protesters
fighting back against their message of
bigotry in Charlottesville Virginia
asked about it on a talk-show Tillerson
gave this unprecedented response from a
cabinet secretary
I don't believe anyone doubts the
American people's values or the
commitment of the American government or
the government's agencies to advancing
those values and defending those values
and and the president's values the
president speaks for himself Chris are
you separating yourself from that sir
his relationship with the president
became even more tense when Tillerson
had to speak out after reports emerged
he had called Trump a moron and that he
had to be talked out of quitting which
led Trump to challenge his own Secretary
of State to an IQ test PJ Crowley worked
in government for 30 years
he says Tillerson 'he's leaving sends
the wrong message to the world
if a secretary of state leaves barely
you know less than a year on the job
that that will communicate significant
turmoil to the rest of the world and and
and that you know that will add to the
you know concerns that the world has
about the direction of American foreign
policy a foreign policy the Tillerson
tried to set even if President Trump
often got in his way
paddy called hane al-jazeera Washington
