in a graveyard for the unknown one
volunteer works to honor the migrants
and refugees he says the world has
forgotten it
I feel like these people didn't have a
family so I want to be a family for them
because they were persecuted in their
countries shamsid-deen mother Zhuge
tells us it was their suffering that
compelled so many desperate people to
try and cross into Europe from Libya but
the Mediterranean didn't deliver them to
safety when their bodies washed ashore
here in Zarzis tunisia shamsid-deen
tried to give them the peace he says
they deserved all along when we found a
woman with a child I thought to myself
maybe he is her son the medical report
said he was five years old I wanted to
provide them with dignity and death in a
symbolic way because a mother is always
with her children in life I buried them
head to head a few small toys sit atop
the grave of the boy
shamsid-deen placed them there for a
child he says should never have
experienced such horror I have two sons
who were legally migrated from Tunisia
to Europe maybe the work I'm doing for
the dead helped them in some way maybe
the spirits of the Dead prayed for them
to reach Europe safely shamsid-deen a
former fisherman and sometime taxi
driver has been volunteering with the
Tunisian Red Crescent since well before
the current migration crisis he says
he's buried hundreds of people in the
past decade last year alone he dug 76
graves this small fishing town in
southeastern Tunisia sits only about 80
kilometers from the country's border
with Libya which is a major gateway for
migrants and refugees from Africa and
the Middle East who are trying to reach
Europe of all the things shamsid-deen
has witnessed on this beach nothing was
as bad as what he encountered one day in
2014 then I saw the body of a lady who
was attached to her son with a rope and
another who had attached her son to a
piece of wood and the waves were playing
with them
man women children as young as nine and
ten that scene is burned in my mind back
in the cemetery
shamsid-deen keeps the site as clean as
he can he and other volunteers are
raising money to buy another plot of
land that can be turned into a proper
resting place but the economic problems
in Tunisia have made that very difficult
in a place that continues to receive the
dead they don't even have the money and
equipment to collect DNA which means
that in a graveyard where the name of
only one deceased migrant is known most
of the graves will for the time being at
least remain anonymous Muhammad James
room Al Jazeera zarzis Tunisia
