next two gun barrels and racks of
missiles billions of dollars are being
spent this is the Doha International
maritime defense exhibition where the
theme is to bring countries together
nowadays that the doctrine or the
concept of the military operation is
being changed as nobody can now works
alone that's why they had a they should
we should have like sort of the
cooperation between the cars between the
countries that call for cooperation
comes despite Qatar enduring a
nine-month blockade by Gulf neighbors
including Saudi Arabia and the United
Arab Emirates Qatar denies allegations
of supporting terrorism the organizers
say the number of exhibitors has
increased despite the tensions we've
where it's across the region for over
ten years and the key to building
long-term relationships is a sensitive
handling of each individual country and
the characteristics the cultures and the
requirements that they have the biggest
buyer is likely to be cut out itself
since June it's signed air defense
contracts worth 20 billion dollars it's
also been developing its own equipment
Saudi Arabia and the UAE have also
raised their defense spending creating
concerns about a regional arms race some
global tensions have been put aside for
this exhibition the US is here and so is
China India and Pakistan both have
warships that are birthed at the nearby
Hamad port at the root of all of this is
money lots of it it's estimated that in
2016 at this exhibition alone deals were
done that were worth a total of over 30
billion dollars exhibitors say they're
cautiously optimistic we are going
together with the development of the
defense and also for the commercial
sector in the country together they are
supporting each other the weaponry
stands silent but the buzz of business
goes on Rob Mathison al Jazeera Doha
