they're escaping the Turkish push on our
friend they've grabbed what they can and
leaving for somewhere they hope will be
safe with the Free Syrian Army backed by
the Turkish military on the doorstep of
a foreign city we see they were left
with no choice we cannot stay under
bombardment we have to flee to a safe
place we are farmers we fled because of
the Turkish airstrikes on the area we
couldn't stay there so we carried our
stuff and left for the last few days the
Turkish backed offensive has swept
through towns and villages this one of
the latest to be taken over by the Free
Syrian Army the sign on the wall points
to a freeing people have taken shelter
during the fighting come out it's okay
you're safe now they are talking to
thank God mom don't be afraid we're
going to his ass
have a look thank God we are happy they
made us afraid but now we are safe thank
God
Turkey launched its offensive an a-frame
region in January aiming to drive the
Kurdish fighters the YPG who it
describes as terrorists away from its
border over the weekend the Kurdish
militia the YPG said it would use
civilian volunteers to form a human
shield to help protect the city of our
friend just last week it said it was
pulling 17 hundred fighters from other
places in Syria to go to the frontlines
it appears neither of these moves have
deterred the continued push by the FSA
and the Turkish military the Free Syrian
Army has posted this video which shows
them within sight of athlean city
they're now waiting for the order for
the final push Alan Fisher al Jazeera on
the turkey-syria border
