the blockade of kata is nine months old
but the countries behind it Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates Bahrain and Egypt
have been conspiring against Doha for
more than twenty years the anti cut
aborted wanted regime change in 1996
when it attempted a coup and it wants it
now
why this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim Hal Baba when the blockade
against Qatar began in June last year
the question on everyone's lips was why
a new altissima investigations suggest
the answer doesn't lie in events of nine
months ago but those are more than two
decades ago the report reveals new
evidence of an attempt by Saudi Arabia
the United Arab Emirates Egypt and
Bahrain to overthrow the attareekh
government in 1996 it includes
interviews with coup leaders who
conspired to remove the Emir of Qatar at
the time share Hamad bin Khalifa
al-thani
is the father of the current Emir the
investigation implicates leaders from
all four blockading countries it says
the committee formed to organize the
1996 coup was led by chef Mohammed bin
Zayed then chief of staff of the UAE
Armed Forces and the current Crown
Prince of Abu Dhabi sure Hamad bin Isa
al-khalifa who was then Crown Prince of
Bahrain he's now the country's King the
late Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz then
Saudi Minister of Defense who went on to
be Crown Prince and Rama Suleiman the
Egyptian intelligence chief and former
vice president of Egypt also now
deceased let's now go to our guests
joining me here in the studio Abdul Aziz
Al hawa Qatari academic and researcher
in London Andrea's Craig assistant
professor at the defense studies
department at King's College London and
from Milan via Skype
Claude Salle Hani opinion editor of the
Arab weekly newspaper welcome to the
program mr. Aziz I would like to ask you
this question I mean the investigation
on al Jazeera
shows that this is a replay of an old
scenario yes I mean the two episodes
clearly shows it's not about terrorism
because I mean it's only till late 90
the 90s and early 2000 when we started
to hear about the terrorism terminology
it's not about
al Jazeera because al Jazeera was
established November 1996 it's not about
I mean supporting a brother Muslim
Brotherhood or Islamic because there was
no such support at that time it's
clearly about the sovereignty of this
country it's clearly about the resources
and wealth of this country it's clearly
about the geopolitics map of the region
it's clearly about I mean distracting
the people of these countries to achieve
an internal agendas mhm so Craig I mean
we're talking about in 1996 and in June
last year the same key players who have
been the driving force behind a
political crisis against us are quite
interesting though well you forgot to
mention 2014 as well and we probably
should even go back to the 1980s what we
see here is the same kind of people
conspiring and coming together and
having a problem with the way cata is
going and it's really not just Qatar in
general I think it was a problem to
start with with Hamad bin Khalifa the
father Emir and now his son and the
policies that would reform not only
Qatar but in many ways you know with the
introduction of Al Jazeera later on
would also reform the wider Gulf and the
Middle East you know and had a massive
impact on the Arab world and I think
they were both I mean Hamas and
also share how my were very much
reformists in many different ways
they're approaching and propagating
liberal values you know plural in civil
liberties and pluralist governance it
was about liberal education in many ways
it was kind of disrupting the flow of
where the Gulf was going in it was
undermining the hegemony of Saudi Arabia
and the leadership of Saudi Arabia in
this part of the world so I think for
the Saudis it was definitely about you
know silencing a country that could
become increasingly antagonistic in
terms of in terms of its ideology and
foreign and security policy
for the Emirates it was more about
silencing a competitor because you know
it's all another small state in the
region and the bahraini is the same I
mean it was it was as much about
interest I think as it was also about
ideology here in stir stir Holley the
past sometimes helps us shedding more
light onto the present when you look at
the events 1996 and the attempted coup
four key players Saudi Arabia the United
Arab Emirates Bahrain and Egypt 90 2017
same thing same key players
what is the thread that binds together
the two events that took place during
two different times well I think it's a
continuation of the the beginning and I
think your your guess to was just sound
before me hit the nail on the head I
think it was it was a question of Qatar
bringing new ideas to the region that
Saudis their conservatism did not
appreciate the rain went along with
Saudi Arabia and the Emirates for reason
yes said commercial reasons trying to
get in on the action of some of the
natural gas that has I think I'm Jazeera
also played a big role in in in
convinced that they want to see on
Jazeera wanted to see al Jazeera shut
down because of the the novelty of the
idea of having a channel that could say
anything in one at a certain extent and
they didn't like that and there's 13
points that are still on the agenda of
the list of demands that Qatar should do
is as far as I'm concerned I've written
about in the past Jazeera has brought
tremendous change in in the way media
operation in the region and it's not
everybody's pleasure
mm-hm I said all the other program that
was asked by Al Jazeera one of the key
players in the 1996 attempted coup who
was a former senior intelligence officer
in utter said that he met with the
Bahraini
Crom prince who is now the king hamad
bin bin Isa al-khalifa
and he encouraged him and he financed
him to carry out acts of sabotage inside
Qatar was here the key player of the
driving force behind the 1996 attempts
to I have the belief that in all the
previous events including this event of
this crisis Bahrain is only the
interface of the whole crisis I don't
think Bahrain is a key player in the
whole a crisis 2014 or 1996 or even the
2017 they don't have the depth they
don't have the strategic position they
don't have the resources they don't have
the really leverage to I mean a place
such at all
I think UAE and Saudi Arabia although
they have different agendas but but they
share I mean a common interest here then
it comes the egypt andreas if this is a
replication of an old scenario but then
the question that one should ask is
basically the key players in 1999 and 96
minutes most of them are no longer here
so why should this be replicated a year
ago what has what has what has changed
and what hasn't actually from a Saudi
and Emirati point of view things have
actually worsened after the Arab Spring
and I mean that brings us back to 2014 I
do think that while Qatar was a nuisance
in the 90s and you know it had a lot of
wealth by you know the 20 years on in
and - in 2014 Qatar was ridiculously
wealthy nobody had anticipated such a
hyper development it was a country that
was very much punching above its weight
also with the with Al Jazeera it was a
country that had influence soft power
influence across the world but
particular across the Arab world it was
able to influence outcomes of conflicts
in the Arab Spring promoting the people
that were protesting against these
repressive regimes which was something
that in specially I think here the key
player is the UAE and Mohammed bin Zayed
who himself is paranoid in the UAE a
paranoid country that is afraid of any
form of dissidents and you know you have
here the neighbor Qatar is directly
engaging with dissidents who are trying
to topple the regimes so by 2014 the
problems that they might have had in the
1990s were way exacerbated because Qatar
was actually more influential than they
had anticipated and it was undermining
the very security narrative that the
Saudis and the especially the Emiratis
were trying to propagate the Emiratis
and the Saudis want a narrative of
authoritarian stability in the region
and Qatar is holding against it they're
saying we'd it's not about all three -
instability it is about actually
empowering the people in creating more
pluralist regimes not necessarily
democratic but those who are more
catering to the needs of people and that
is very much something that Muhammad bin
zaid the crown prince of the Emirates is
very much afraid of
Clawd I mean we've seen spats between
neighbors in different parts of the
world some of these parts would be
contained
ultimately when maturity prevails do you
think that this is something that could
potentially be contained or it just
might drag off forever
well I think it has to be contained and
the country in the region have no choice
but to get along I mean it's too too
destructive if they continue on the
track that they are Qatar and floor for
the other countries they have to at one
point come to the realization that they
need negotiate they need to sit down and
work it out
when and how they will do this remains
to be seen and I think one of the one of
the the reasons that has brought them
two separate ways again is the Syrian
civil war which they disagreed upon in
in many ways and from the beginning they
seem to agree but then is as the more
progressed they they they divided on how
to how to approach the the conflict and
who to support and who not to support so
I think first we have to solve this the
war in Syria and then address secondary
issues in the region it's not easy as
we've mentioned the blockade on Qatar is
still ongoing it began last June when
Saudi Arabia the United
Egypt and Bahrain impose an a/c and LED
embargo on closing their borders they
accuse castle of supporting terrorism
which Doha denies Kuwait has been trying
to mediate the crisis with little
success it recently began a renewed push
for talks with the support of the
European Union and u.s. President Donald
Trump is shadow to meet leaders from the
UAE Saudi Arabia and Qatar over the next
two months
he hopes to help organize a GCC summit
to resolve the diplomatic crisis instead
of the many people believe that is
absolutely no indication to suggest that
today or tomorrow this crisis would be
resolved because of the rising rhetoric
and escalation that we've seen over the
last few days actually actually from the
escalation of the level of escalation
and with the all the acts they have done
it's basically an act of war against
Qatar socially culturally financially
politically I mean media what from every
front that the way they they managed and
they are behaving it does not show that
they are willing to really end it very
soon unless there is an external force
and external push for these countries to
come to the table and put all their
screens they are they all their concerns
on the table and the transparently
discussing negotiating and really
settling down all these concerns this
will not end if it's left to their
internal world I think this will drag
for for a long long time so Craig I mean
the everyone now believes that the
Americans will ultimately have to step
in try to solve this do the Americans
still have leverage that is the big
question I mean the countries are
betting on two things they're betting on
the mediation of the Kuwaiti Emir who
has done a great job but unfortunately
has been disrespected very much by the
Saudis and the Emiratis who have not
taken in
voice they haven't accepted his
invitation to the GCC summit last year
and then the other bet is basically
Donald Trump who seemed to have
suggested to the countries that he will
step up during that strategic dialogue
between the United States and Qatar that
he will step up and bring all the GCC
countries together and he will now
individually meet with Mohammed bin
Salman the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia
after that with Muhammad bin zaid of the
UAE and then lastly in May I believe
that the Qatari Emir will also come to
Washington and they will try to discuss
any potential ways out and I do think
though that you know we're not in the
1980s and not even in the 1990s anymore
I think there's this more of an
egalitarian relationship between the
United States and the Gulf countries and
it's hard to to see to what extent the
United States actually still have
leverage to pressure someone like Saudi
Arabia the UAE into a certain policy if
they are not willing to do so I think it
is quite contrary I think if you see the
narratives coming out of the Saudi of
Saudi Arabia and the UAE they suggest
that they're not willing to compromise
they're not willing to to make any
concessions and they can live with the
status quo there's also something very
important and I think they will invest
massively to change the Donald Trump
mind and tell him we're not willing to
negotiate in a Camp David agreement will
only come into place if Donald Trump has
any indication that the three will come
to an agreement otherwise there will be
no agreement ICU or no summit mr. Sahani
now if the Americans are eager to have
this meeting happen in at Camp David and
then against the backdrop of the
articles which you must have read
particular from the Washington person
The New York Times about the inner
circle of the Trump administration some
of its members were plotting against
Qatar some of them were siding with the
UAE is it still possible for the
American administration to set aside
those differences from within the inner
circle and move forward let me take my
journalists on offer and put on my
conflict resolution hat and the sort of
the 101 conflict resolution tells you
that it's impossible to negotiate a
compromise between parties unless both
parties consent to negotiations so to
get
to get to the negotiating table you have
to have an agreement from both sides
that it's time to sit down and talk no
pressure from the United States or
anywhere else is going to make them
change their mind to the point that they
will agree to it to something that will
resolve the conflict altogether now
putting my mind journalist hat back on
will the Trump administration be able to
do something I I doubt it very much I
think they are caught in the middle of
all sorts of internal disputes here and
common and all sorts of scandals and and
they need to have someone who knows the
issues
direct it private and I don't think
that's that's don't jump Hannie spoke
about the the point which is basically
if you want to have a deal you have to
have people sitting around the same
table negotiating the compromise in the
past there was this list of 13 demands
yes we haven't heard back from the four
blockading countries about whether they
are willing to maintain the 13 demands
as a prerequisite for any deal or
they're willing to go for a compromise
therefore I mean I think they are
putting these demands and making them
really a very complicated demands very
difficult very very very challenging
demands because they don't want to take
took because they don't want to
compromise because they don't want to
come to the table these superior
conditions are a real obstacle and the
in the way of the negotiation and
discussion from day one Qatar has showed
the interest to go for a dialogue but
two ways dialogue not one-way dialogue
not very first you consent you admit you
or you approve the thirteen points then
we come to the table then you come to
the table to say what they're for this
any kind of dialogue it has to be a
dialogue it has to be from both
direction with a neutral mediator like
Kuwait I think United States is
benefiting from this dispute actually
from from both sides
working individually with with both
sides now we see more of our Maddie's
you see more of commercial European I
mean everybody is benefiting from this
it's not full of the high interest for
America to rush the settlement of this
dispute or the choruses I mean they they
know I mean when exactly to interfere
and to make this pressure to for them to
to come together
mr. Craig I mean the axiom in
international politics is basically when
you have a spat that the two sides come
together for them to break the impasse
they have to make concessions do you see
in the near future Atari is making
concessions and the broad kadian country
is making concessions I think as mr. hor
said I think it's they came up it's the
same dispute that goes back decades and
they come up with new narratives the
narrative of terrorism than the aneri
t'v about Iran in order to to accuse
Qatar of something I think I don't think
it was ever about allowing Qatar to
actually meet these demands and ever
make any concessions because there's
nothing Qatar I can do if you look at
Qatar in 2018 Qatar has complied with
all the demands that were made Qatar is
very open it's the most of its a master
student if you will in terms of opening
up their books to the United States it's
quite clear that everybody has a vision
and a look into the books of cation
terms of what kata is doing with its
finances it's an open policy in terms of
reforming labor law I mean the countries
are trying to address all these
allegation that they have done so so
none of the allegations stick and they
are not substantiated so there's nothing
more Qatar I can do I see you know I do
agree with a whore as well I think I
think that the Americans are just
everybody's benefitting the Europeans
are benefiting of this spat because
their deals being made billions of
dollars are being paid by the UAE Saudi
and the countries in or into in weapon
systems for honey these countries share
many things are common they are there
are tribal affiliations the part of the
Arab League they're part of the GCC
yet they can't set aside their
differences where do you see the vision
if the crisis continues well as I said
they have no choice but to put aside
their differences and and get together
or else you're going to have many states
as sort of Italy was in the 1600s with
with city-states fighting each other
which which is ridiculous you said it
the tribal there they're part of the
Arab League the part of GCC there's so
much in common yet they find roots to
dispute and the only ones benefiting are
the Europeans and the Americans and
selling weapons billions of dollars are
being made by the French and by the
Americans selling guns to Abu Dhabi -
okay
trying to look beyond that they said
after the crisis right after the crisis
we saw signs of new political or
regional realignments the Turks stepped
in the plane quite a significant role
Iran itself if the crisis continues are
we likely to see some sort of stronger
alliance between Qatar and Iran for
example I would say different alliances
in the region you know I mean before
with all these commonalities among the
GCC there were always tensions but they
we had leaders who were able to talk
about them to contain them to I mean put
them aside and focus on the common
interests and you can serve your own
interests as well but what is happening
today this this ambitious this hunger
for the positioning and repositioning
made these countries very jealous of
what Qatar has really achieved
politically media-wise economy wise
financial wise I mean therefore I think
part of it is very personal it's not
does not rely on logic or a real
interest or deep analysis therefore what
I see it's it's a continuation of this
crisis unless these countries really
think about the future not for them for
even their generation generation and the
minister of Qatar has said we lose a
dollar they lose a dollar
sir if I say we bleed they bleed I mean
nobody is winning in this holy Christ I
see your voice mr. krest correctly very
briefly two institutions were supposed
to referee the spat the Arab League GCC
seen by many as the most inefficient in
the world in their absence do you see
the GCC disintegrating in the near
future I think we're seeing the GCC
being relegated to the same fate as the
Arab League it says talking shop where
nobody is consistent anymore where
people don't participate and people go
their separate ways and I think the
Saudi UAE allies that we see now is the
end of the GCC they will create their
own alliance and I think the rift that
is going through the Gulf in the Arab
world is between the revolutionaries and
the counter revolutionaries and this
will continue and that's something that
will divide the GCC for the years to
come
Andreas Greg close Subhani Abdul Aziz
Allah thank you very much indeed for
your contribution to the program
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside sorry for me
hashem al but on the whole team here bye
for now
you
