life continues to be a misery at this
rare hinge refugee camp in eastern
Bangladesh many of those who live here
say they just want to go back to their
homes in Myanmar's recline state but few
are certain if they ever will
what's also unclear is whether they will
ever see justice for the abuses they
faced abuses the UN describes as bearing
the hallmarks of genocide I'm misty
international is also questioning
whether the more than 700,000 Dru hinge
a displaced in months of violence will
ever be able to return to their homes
these satellite images appear to show
areas were rojan jahausa's mosques and
businesses once stood and we're since
the sort of the year there has been a
rapid increase in the construction of
Myanmar military infrastructure
including three new army bases
construction the rights group is
describing as a land grab around 350
were hinge of villages have been
destroyed since unrest in Rakhine State
began last August
eyewitnesses say the Myanmar military
directed the burning of the villages and
accusation the government denies despite
an agreement with neighboring Bangladesh
to repatriate the hundreds of thousands
of revenge' who fled over the border to
safety it's looking increasing unlikely
many will be able to return to where
their homes once stood as well as the
new military infrastructure rapid road
construction and other building has been
seen in the area and in one case row
hinge of villagers who had remained in
Myanmar were forcibly evicted to make
way for an army base we're witnessing a
genocide in real time the mistreatment
of the reinjure by Myanmar's military
and Myanmar's authorities surely meets
the criteria to be considered a genocide
and we actually need to see sanctions
back on the table there should be visa
bans for the perpetrators of these
atrocities and that should include not
just the military but it should should
include the civilian authorities of
Myanmar the Myanmar government doesn't
deny bulldozing the remains of the
revenger villagers in recent months but
says it did so to make way for the new
homes for returning refugees UN
investigators say it's been difficult to
ascertain what's happening in Rakhine
State because it has largely been sealed
off from the
rights groups and the media in theist I
of Al Jazeera
