that's just recap what's been going on
in the past 60 minutes the Turkish
president's speech about the killing of
jamal haji the journalist died inside
saudi arabia's istanbul consulate three
weeks ago today
president Erdogan addressing his ruling
party about the murder for about 30
minutes now he are the main key points
he declared it was premeditated murder
that was planned days in advance which
also included reconnaissance missions by
the kill team to the forests around
Istanbul mr. Dewan also posed several
questions to Saudi Arabia including why
it had constantly changed its story
about what happened where are her Shah
jees remains and exactly who was
involved
he added that Turkey doesn't doubt the
credibility of King Salman but is
demanding a full independent
investigation and that the trial of the
accused be held in Turkey mr. Dewan also
asked that everyone involved in the
killing from top to bottom be held
accountable
he also said accusing some security
operatives is not sufficient
let's bring in Saudi dissonant mohammad
al Masri who's in london for us mr.
al-masri was that the speech from mr.
Erdogan that he wanted to hear no that's
not what I wanted to hear but I'm not
shocked or surprised because other than
is the master of surprises so it sounded
like a state of the international
relation speech which is befitting for
the world I was asking myself on the way
here to will he mention the videos and
he showed them in the parliament that's
not like older man not like head of
state that will be may be referred back
to the public prosecutor who may come
just in a few hours or or days and
presenting these things but people did
not read between the lines first of all
the fact that they supervised what the
Saudis and other diplomats are doing
about a scouting of the area of certain
parks around Istanbul meaning we know
what you hope diplomas are doing in
normal times maybe they do not make any
sense of the scouting the question mark
it kept on file until that is transpired
and they connected to the case and
concluded correctly with certainty that
is a premeditated planned murder that's
number one
secondly he said to King Salman which
many people did not read
probably I don't trust he said I trust
the custodians whatever King Salman not
mentioning anybody else that he trusts
him sending him a message I trust you I
still trusting you until now and then he
mentioned you should act according an
omission the Islamic sharia and Islamic
sharia how many people do not know in
Islam said there is no immunity for
president or Kings or anybody not even
for the profitable everyone must have a
paid bill attribute right can be tried
and unprosecuted for whatever action he
does and this is not by necessity is
known from such a better City so telling
him is saying to give him a signal if
your son is involved done a Krakow to
Islamic Shariah you have to you have to
dispose him and put him on trial some
move another so he's giving essentially
using the leverage he has in his hand to
give Salman an opportunity to correct
the story now which they have been lying
and to put further pressure he asked
about the body the body is irrelevant
because the murder is admitted by all
the relevant parties there is no need
for a body in that case most likely the
body has been cut in pieces or possibly
taken on the spot baby falls through the
hell plane on the way except the head
and the fingers were supposed to be with
Mohammed bin Salman but if they come
with that that will be showing the
brutal nature of the whole action and
making Hamid missile man MBS even more
more more condemned so easily I don't
think people are looking in the wrong
angle to the coming of the CIA chief
this woman is a trusted person trusted
one of Trump his trust her
and also the the Foreign Minister
because these are his men the
institution itself the CIA is opposed to
her and opposed to him for the time
being so he sent her the sending her
about what although I did not say he
said that he contacted all Trump and the
21st something October he doesn't
mention the contact the second day in
which he sent these videos and his
recording they are there I assure you
that from the highest places and all the
grant office and from is lying and
continuously like so she is there to
cover a mosque you there because getting
into the territory just just let me hit
the pause button for a second I don't
think there's anything to be gained here
forget into the territory of you saying
Donald Trump is lying and you saying
either the State Department or the CI
has the audiotapes the videotapes that's
very specifically very clearly your
claim so I'm gonna let that sit there
but we do have you signal that for our
viewers let's just back up a little bit
you were talking about three main
takeaway points please he wants 18
people extradited to Turkey from Saudi
Arabia you're talking about under the
auspices of Sharia law I get the point
of course I do but the reality is those
18 people are never going to be
extradited are they he knows that that's
just putting pressure on on King Salman
to do the right thing and get a dispose
of his son change his politics left the
sanction on Qatar in the war in Yemen
shade the whole politics stop
persecuting those in brotherhood that's
the price for for you son
or you sacrifice a possibility a kingdom
and bring an instability in the kingdom
that's the message and he has all the
leverage to anyway the leverage I read
about Trump is very clear you have
followed have the lira is recovering
nicely since the second or third day of
of the of the incident
it's Nikabrik very nicely and Trump is
not talking about anything negative or
Turkey he's trying to appease Turkey and
tap them on the shoulder to get away
what he's done in the middle of that I
know you're committed about that so
hospital is just to cover up and fix
something for specifically for Cushing
and possibly no no pressure about that
and he can't tell her clearly let
Mohammed let the king of Saudi Arabia
fix his situation in such a way that we
all gain Trump is not exposed humbly
Salman is finished sanction seizure of
Qatar is off the wall in Yemen is
settled somehow and they stop
interfering and supporting the Kurdish
the Kurdish rebels in no Syria that's
the price he has a huge price it's worth
this camel but it will go on it the
facts would be exposed and the videos
will be leaked sooner or later there's
no escape from that so I think what he
did was wrong
anticlimax yes because we expected to
see videos and so on we liked expecting
the new Star Wars movie but the reality
is that what we're getting is we see how
an enormous leverage
dougen has in his hand and he should use
it some people were supervisors clear
the man is murder
sodium is behind that is pretty
meditated more okay that's what we need
under stress the naked truth in the
Rhonda head from mr. Diwan in the past
what 90 minutes now some people were
surprised that he was apparently
politicizing it in a broad regional
sense by delivering this speech to the
party faithful as opposed to getting his
message out either via that the the
internal criminal investigation or just
to the Parliament building
you've already hinted at this though he
clearly knows he's a clever guy he
clearly knows surely that there are big
tectonic plates at work here there's the
question over Saudi Arabia's attitude
towards the Arab Spring when that kicked
off we know that this is an established
fact that Riyadh is worried about the
prospect of that kind of dissent on the
street and on top of that you've
mentioned it already the GCC crisis the
blockade of Qatar there are massive
forces at play here
absolutely and Oregon is telling him
indirectly these massive forces will
dispose of you you can if you go to or
towards maybe a constitution monarch you
go to some Columbus's with the general
public and the support for the military
regime in Egypt and the correct a
mistake which your previous think
committed by by cooperating and
financing disposal of Hamburg Morsi that
may change the situation but you are
finished the situation is the reality is
a finishing the regime is finished if it
doesn't do the right thing and my
expectation it will not do that I think
and it will be soon that we have in fact
between the princes and addresses in
London is standby and the American deep
state is standby from Hamad bin life and
things will move quite ugly if Salman
does not move to save at least nominal
monarchy for him and his family
Mohammed mastery thank you very much
