marine lepen wrapped up the rebranding
of a party with a classic speech
touching all the point she knows we'll
get the cheers from her home crowd tough
on the European Union and tough most of
all on the effects of immigration legal
illegal and illegal immigration are no
longer tenable the French people's money
must go back to the French people first
we no longer have the means to welcome
to house to care for or to feed the
whole world but the highpoint came at
the end when she announced her
suggestion to rename the party surely it
must signal an absolute demand to unite
the country in the defense of its
identity its prosperity and its security
and freedom I therefore propose that the
National Front become the national
gathering the VMO national so the
National Front is dead but not quite
buried yet the members will have a
chance to vote on the name change in the
next few weeks from what is the most
important thing for me was to keep the
world national and I think that the
world gathering is coherent now the idea
is no longer to be up front but to
gather people together to win ntek power
demonstrators took to the streets of
lille to show what they called their
contempt for the rebranding of the
National Front they said it was just
another attempt to disguise fascism but
back in Paris a warning from an expert
who knows the party at first and an
opposition councillor in one of their
heartlands let's not forget the National
Front got the highest score in its
history last year the fact she made a
fool of herself at the debate doesn't
mean the party is finished the party's
founder Jean marine lepen has now been
stripped of his position as honorary
president of the National Front but he
can't be written out of history
just published the first volume of his
autobiography and it's turned into a
best-seller
he said changing the name was committing
political suicide
David Chater al Jazeera leo
