out went a socialist and in again came a
billionaire she's former conservative
president sebastián piñera is having a
second crack at the helm and his first
challenge is to again generate economic
growth while learning from his past
mistakes the big perception the first
time around was that the Panera
administration worked only for wealthy
Chileans this time around it has to be
for everyone otherwise pinata is almost
sure to face the same discontent and
street protests but marred his first
presidency a small group of supporters
waited to bid farewell to outgoing
president Michelle Bachelet as she
arrived at the Senate to hand over her
sash I'm emotional because a great woman
who represented all of us is leaving she
did so much for women and South America
as the only region in the world without
a woman in the presidency Banaras
inauguration allowed visiting regional
leaders to exchange views ahead of the
upcoming summit of the Americas despite
mounting tensions over immigration and
trade President Donald Trump says he'll
attend but mexico's president may not we
haven't confirmed our participation in
principle I'm going but I'll discuss it
with president piñera over lunch but
addressing Chileans from the
presidential palace balcony it was clear
opinion as priorities are aimed at
keeping his most ambitious campaign
promise one day listen carefully our
children and grandchildren will judge us
for the way we handled the new
transition we face a transition to a
developed country without poverty but
without a legislative majority in an
increasingly demanding society service
Gambini era will have his work cut out
for him to see a Newman al Jazeera
Santiago
