Cuba's to get a new president and it
won't be a Castro
Raul stepping down after he and brother
Fidel moved for almost 60 years but is
it the end of the castle era and will it
mean a change in politics for this
island Asia this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I am Hashim Alba the Castro brothers
Fidel and Raul have between them been in
power in Cuba for almost 60 years but is
the family era Cummington and more than
8 million people were eligible to vote
for a new National Assembly which will
then be tasked with electing a new
president in April and this time that
president's name won't be Castro while
we're stepping down after serving his
second five-year term Cuba's new leader
is likely to be someone who did not
fight in the 1959 revolution with
current vice president Miguel Diaz canal
favorite for the job
and it won't be an easy one with the
country's economy on the slide and
relations with the United States of
America worsening since Donald Trump
became president Cuba has been a
communist one-party state led by the
Castro brothers since 1959
that's when Fidel and Raul led the Cuban
Revolution and overthrew the government
of us-backed Fulgencio Batista in 1961
the u.s. launched the Bay of Pigs
invasion a failed attempt to remove
Castro from power Fidel allied himself
and Cuba more closely with in Soviet
Union but when it collapsed in 1991 Cuba
was plunged into an economic crisis in
2008 Raul took over from his brother who
was suffering ill health Fidel died two
years ago aged 90 in 2014 fifty years
after severing ties with Cuba the u.s.
agreed to normalize diplomatic relations
and Barack Obama became the first u.s.
president to visit in 88 years but
things have been different
under Trump let's bring in our panel
joining us from Washington DC
Peter Hakim president emeritus of the
inter-american dialogue a
washington-based think tank from Havana
Carlos alt Segura Cuba's former
ambassador to the European Union and
also in Washington
Larry burns director of the Council on
hemispheric Affairs welcome to your I
would like to start by asking mr. al
Segura this do you believe that we are
witnessing a genuine power shift in Cuba
I will call it a generational transition
of power which doesn't mean a break with
the past it is of course it is continue
doing change I think the most important
changes that have been taking place in
Cuba over the last eight years eight ten
years on the Raul Castro will be the
benchmark from which who would have to
judge the future and as a matter of fact
when Raul Castro took over from Fidel
Castro he started the process of
adaptation of the economic model and the
political model to an era where the
politics and the way of doing politics
and doing government that his brother
Fidel had carried out will change how
are they changing they're changing
basically to a more institutionalized
for formation more a consensus type of
government and economically a shift to a
mixed economy okay the economy up to the
the early 90s was basically stable
economy now we're going to admit we will
talk more in detail about those aspects
mr. Hakim were talking about is this a
genuine institutional change as mr.
alsogaray has been saying or just a
window dressing because ultimately Raul
remains the leader of the Communist
Party and the chief of the armed forces
you will here attain ultimate say in the
country well well I think one big
question is is it a change in the name
of the President or does the new
president have real power or not is it a
change in who runs the country and if
the new president is supposed to
exercise power where is that power
to come from he doesn't have the name of
Castro
where does his power come from he it's
disgraceful that there's been no
consultation with the Cuban people about
who might take over this the leadership
and so one gets to the question of what
kind of power how is he going to
exercise power on the whole dictatorial
regimes one-party regimes are not very
good at transferring power suppose they
may be good at moving one other person
or another into positions but the
actually transfer power is often a very
critical change mr. bird it might be
early to decide whether this is going to
be the beginning of the end for the era
of wall castle but however we're talking
about an extremely delicate moment how
do you see Cuba tomorrow without Raul
Castro I think that's Jeremy there's no
question that the Castro legacy is
significant and is not going to appear
disappear at the same time it's also to
be noticed that during the many years of
the Castro governance people suffered
sure this is the food uncertainties of
land title's a whole series of
nettlesome problems that bedeviled the
lives of the average Cuban at the same
time at the same time there was a good
deal of respect largely driven by
populism that the Castro stood up to so
many American presidents and there was a
certain sense of pride in this well it
was assumed that when President Trump
came in that there would be a
significant shift which had been
pioneered by President Obama
but on some
fortunately at least for Latin America
rather than see a shift once so a kind
of abrupt ruptures and that secretary
state Tillotson turned out to be not the
bright star in the firmament but a very
modest adaptation to what existed before
and what that existed before was a
policy that was a dead end policy okay
it had no class mr. Mr Al cigar I we're
talking about the departure of Raul
Castro if it happens
this is someone who made significant
impact on Cuba both politically and
economically do you think that his
legacy will continue or the whoever
takes over is going to chart a new
course for Cuba I think there are two
legacies that are going to remain in
place one is the will of the Cuban
people which Fidel Castro materialized
and even expanded which is independence
from the United States and a
participation in the international
system with its own profile this is
something that the Cuban people aspire
to and we will continue certainly after
Fidel and Raul Castro and secondly is
the question of social justice he's
Unleashed to the two main premises on
which the Cuban Revolution is based at
the same time Raul Castro had to
introduce economic reforms to make the
system more efficient so that they the
social achievements can be maintained
and this is probably the most important
challenge that the new president will
have finally you will have to start
working on the Constitution and the
electoral system to produce one
constitution and one electoral system
that is more adapted to the new
realities of Cuba and the changes that
had happened in Cuban society in great
part because of the Revolution if
they're interested to hear
coming from you you've served in the
past as a former ambassador to the EU
mr. Hakim now
Raul has been known for sort of let's
put it this way softening the rigid
Marxist Leninist interpretation to
politics and economy particularly when
it comes to economic reforms will those
reforms survive or do you see them part
of an old chapter let me say Carlos of
course is in Cuba he has a much closer
view of the events from afar my sense is
that row Castro really has had a failed
regime over the past ten years that he
really hasn't accomplished anywhere near
what he had to accomplish to assure
Cuba's relatively decent future he had
the opportunity to make economic changes
over a decade and those economic changes
have been very slow very minimal still
Cuba is not a very attractive place for
foreign investment it's not become the
tourist center that it should have
become it's still a very poor country
dependent on us remittances on Venezuela
transfers the economy is really on the
verge of a terrible crisis in Cuba
unless there are serious deep reforms
made secondly is the political opening
has been very very restricted sure there
is now Wi-Fi in Cuba more people are
involved more people are informed there
were somewhat more of an open debate on
many issues but the threat of repression
the threat of jail the threat of
beatings is still very very much present
and lastly the fact is that you know
they're going to select a new leader and
we don't know what the source of
power is going to be and the people of
Cuba have had no say in the outcome
mm-hmm mr. mr. burns speaking of the new
leader who's going to take over many
suggest that it could be Miguel Diaz
canal is he more likely to be a
hardliner or someone who has to
ultimately take into account that the
world is a different place now and
therefore he needs to change for the
country to move forward well I listened
carefully to Peters analysis of Cuba
under the Castro's I probably would tell
have a different interpretation that
what has taken place in lot number in
Cuba the changes are real the
substantive in many respects they're
remarkable they are if you go back
several generations you'll discover that
the reforms that have made under Raul
were precisely the kinds of reforms that
were called for at the beginning of the
Cuban Revolution and that the changes
have been significant and could be built
upon but unfortunately that's not even
the issue the real issue is is the
United States waging ideological war
against Cuba or is it interested in
general reforms now the various
initiatives that Cuba has undertaken to
attempt to develop and more substantive
relations with the United States they've
been at the beginning they were sniffed
at by the State Department now the State
Department is totally against these
reforms and in fact it's now come forth
with a new and I might say preposterous
notion that the Cubans are using some
kind of nerve gas
to wound American diplomats stationed in
Cuba
the question is you want to ask why
would Cuba do this
I mean Cuba wants relations with the
United States it has so what relations
with the United States and also a a
reformed relationship with Cuba with the
United States okay is it imperative if
the United States is to restructure its
Latin American power mr. Al cigar I it
seems that rawad built his calculations
on the assumption that if he started the
reforms normalizes ties with analysis of
America that would trigger more foreign
investments more cash into the country
booming tourism however two things have
changed recently first of all the u.s.
seems to be reversing their
rapprochement with the husband started
under Obama's second Venezuela wish we
was the main financial backer for Cuba
he's no longer providing significant
assistance where does this live live
Cuba let me start by correcting two
things that Peter said experts have been
predicting the collapse of the Cuban
economy for years and Here I am again
witnessing a new prediction that hasn't
happened so I don't think it will happen
secondly yes Cubans participated in this
electoral process as a matter of fact
have the members of the National
Assembly that is going to be elected
today our original proposals from the
people so we have had a say on this now
on relations with the United States I
think the bed that roll has done is
let's start making a normalization of
relations so because it benefits Cuba
economically now in those Cuba depend on
Venezuela come on Cuba now has its
external economic partners are very wide
group of China which is the most
important right now Venezuela
yes Canada which is the main tourist
market Europe the number of countries in
Europe are in invested from a number of
countries in Europe are in Cuba
recently the the head of the foreign
policy
authority in in the European Union visit
Cuba and promised a support of the
European Union or number of reaches so
Cuba right now is more independent than
ever before in economic terms we don't
have a main partner that would have that
it's its disappearance will cause the
Cuban economy it may your problem
so it's moving and and Raul Castro has
done what he could do I think I think
one thing that sometimes is lost in the
debate is that Raul has tried to rule on
a consensus base and there is a problem
with creating a consensus when you are
really democratic a very very difficult
mr. a lot of people you know the right
one together and some reforms you've
been using the term consensus many times
it's very difficult to gauge this sense
of a consensus in a system which is not
based on pluralism it's just about one
political party that dictates his own
terms and people are not elected they
are selected in a way or another but but
you know the the three or four main
documents that have been approved over
the last few years there are the main
documents that the sign where the
country is going where discussed with
every everyone I put I myself
participated in the discussion the
documents were the result of a long
process of about a year of discussions
deliberations and debates among Cubans
how can you say that there is no
democracy in Cuba do you want something
more democratically tell me about one
country where the three or four main
documents that point out where the
country's going has been discussed with
the people and by the people come on
it's it's this kind of repetition of
these vision of Cuba that is not really
the emotion of Cuba I see your point mr.
Hakim we're talking about Miguel Diaz
canal who is the vice president
potentially becoming president this is
not someone who has fought in the
Revolutionary War in 1959 is he able if
he becomes elected to fill in the shoes
of someone like Raul Castro oh let me
first say that
I very much hope Carlos alsogaray
is right about the changes that have
been introduced and the possibility of
building on those changes for improving
the Cuban economy and opening its
politics and opening its society far
more than it is today
my own view is that I you know when you
stop when you don't reform more quickly
enough the reforms get bogged down they
make it very very difficult to keep
going they're not a very effective
platform and frankly I've heard the
story about reforms a new private sector
in Cuba for the past 10 years and it's
been held back Cuba is it's true that
the relations with the United States
have taken a turn for the worst I think
it's a mistake I agree with Larry on
that point on the other hand Cuba has
not taken advantage of the potential of
a new relationship with the United
States they wasted the last period from
2000 but they were not given a chance in
a way or another we're not given a
chance the normalizations Obama was in
power
yeah but then suddenly it with Trump
everything is being reversed we're not
not being fair to the Cubans in a way or
another when it comes to this particular
notion go ahead go ahead mr. Sakurai the
embargo is still in place Obama could
lift the embargo come on okay mr. mr.
burns I'd like to ask you this question
we're talking about the establishment
stands the same we're talking about
someone who's taken over from Raul
Castro it could be vice president Miguel
Diaz canal if the if the system does not
change do you expect a change in style
or a genuine change in substance the
face of Cobre won't be the same under
whoever takes over no it'd be very nice
if the sum of the zealots who
who feel that Cuba is lagging when it
comes to reforms its they've had no
problems in extending them of cultural
relations with a brutal society like
Honduras whose human rights violations
transcend anything that takes place in
Cuba also we have the the whole notion
of what do we want out of a relationship
with with Cuba
the Cubans have are rapidly been
privatizing their economy the number of
states set of state sector jobs has
grown significantly
the a sense of vitality that exists
there that didn't exist before reforms
that are taking place in Cuba are real
and I don't know what you whether you
want to weigh these reforms so you want
to assess them but they're real they
exist you see when you go to Cuba in
private homes being renovated and and
restaurants opening up and and
unfortunately the US policy toward Cuba
is not a foreign policy it's a domestic
political power I see a point it's a
policy that aimed its a paltry that's
aimed at at weakening Cuba rather okay
divert developing a reasonable relation
Mr Al cigar I I would like to hear this
from you Fidel Castro has been talking
about the ultimate dream of the
Revolution which is an egalitarian
system but I will followed in his
footsteps do you see that human rights
reform of the Constitution multi-party
system democracy giving bigger voice to
the opposition that could be potentially
the biggest challenge facing the new
you leadership of Cuba you know talking
about the opposition in Cuba is kind of
difficult because when most people talk
about the opposition they usually they
usually refer to small groups of
dissidents that have no influence there
is a more important or position in Cuba
the opposition that for example I made
which is criticize the government say
what the government should do etc and I
think some of us do it in a more
effective way than pandering to the
foreign media so the foreign media
notices what we say so I think
don't underestimate Miguel Diaz canal
for one minute this guy has been in the
Cuban political system for many years
when he arrived in las via in Santa
Clara to be the first secretary of the
party in Santa Clara he did reforms in
Santa Clara now he has been there all
the time
he is effective he is well organized he
listens to people so don't underestimate
him I think he's going to be a good
president I think that if you compare
his trajectory with the trajectory of
many presidents in Latin America he
comes out very well he comes out very
well prepared for the job we'll have to
leave it on that note
unfortunately we're running out of times
the color salts a gripe it's a Hakim
Larry Bird's thank you very much indeed
for your contribution to this program
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash page a
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story for me a hash mark about
the whole team here bye for now
you
