an army of Chinese legislators came to
the Great Hall of the people knowing
what was expected of them a display of
uniform loyalty to the man who could now
be China's leader for life the
Constitution is in accordance with our
country's reality and it's the wishes of
all the people this is a big event a
very memorable moment in our political
life and history and controversial
moment as well
the almost 3,000 delegates had been told
the amendments were needed because the
challenges China faces require a strong
leader and the United Party in China's
version of legislative government new
laws and constitutional changes are
always passed unanimously and so it
proved to be the case again on Sunday
when delegates approved 21
constitutional revisions including the
scrapping of term limits for the
President and Vice President but there
was perhaps token opposition to votes
against and three abstentions Congress
officials insist this process was
transparent
the Chinese people have had no say in
this historic moment critics accused
President Xi Jingping of building a
personality cult indoctrinating the
masses with his political philosophy
just as Chairman Mao once did it was
dunk our ping the other towering figure
in recent Chinese history
who'd insisted on two term limits for
the president he wanted to avoid a
repeat of the cultish devotion that had
surrounded Mao but analysts say
one-party rule is once more turning into
one-man rule the fact of the matter is
Seon has hijacked the entire Communist
Party in the country so we are back to
just one person doing the talking one
person making the decisions for the
entire party and the entire country we
are back to the period of the so-called
one was echo chamber the president's
influence is now felt in many aspects of
life here Xi Jingping thought is now
required reading for all party members
study groups have spread to businesses
and universities Parliament also voted
to expand the president's campaign
against corruption during a five-year
purge more than one and a half million
party officials have been punished
analysts say the campaign is a guys for
getting rid of potential rivals for now
at least though she would appear to have
none Adrian Brown al jazeera Beijing
