dancers captivate an audience with their
beauty and grace but achieving that
delicate balance of athletic prowess and
artistic expression takes years of
training and seemingly endless
rehearsals Daniel Davidson started
training when he was 11 he's not ready
to leave the stage yet but at 33 he
knows that pushing the body beyond its
limits inevitably takes its toll it's
hard on the body really long hours we
have to train constantly and you know it
is difficult but I feel like the
emotionally exhausting aspects of the
job is probably what makes me think more
about what's next like professional
sport dance favors the very young and
ironically it's often when dancers reach
their artistic peak that the time comes
to retire a professional dancers career
tends to be a very short one the
ages 35 and for the most part it's
because their bodies can no longer
withstand the rigors of their profession
and many dancers find one of the biggest
challenges they'll face
that's where dancers career development
stepped in the organization provides
emotional and practical support helping
dancers as they retrain in new fields
it's a very all-or-nothing career and
very often that's from the age of three
up until 35 so you can imagine when that
time comes of perhaps when you're no
longer in the same place and it's time
for you to think about doing something
else it can be incredibly daunting
isolating and also people are very
unsure of what they who they are and
what they are outside of a studio
workshops like this help dancers looking
ahead to retirement like Tom Clark who
is struggling with injury and looking to
pursue a career in photography
after eight years on stage Kevin Muscat
made his transition from the dance
studio to the design studio I was 30 at
the time I knew I maybe had a few years
more but at that point I knew I didn't
want to do it forever I died I didn't
want to be an old dancer so that kind of
made up my mind for me I can stop this
and I can retrain in something else
Kevin turned to dancers career
development for help four years later he
owns a thriving fashion business proof
that a life of a dancer can always have
a second act
Kathryn stancil al Jazeera London
