marine lepen is still bruised by the
scale of a defeat to Emmanuel macron
nine months ago but as quoted Britain's
wartime leader Winston Churchill failure
is not fatal it is the courage to
continue that counts
a change of brand and a change of name
are coming in Leo this weekend but not
it seems a change in policies a ballot
of 80 questions sent to National Front
members just returned a majority of 90
percent in favor of a frigid referendum
on the European Union and 98 percent
want a drastic limit to immigration
which delegates here described as a
tsunami it's not often that the
spotlight moves away from marine lepen
the president Trump's former chief
strategist Steven Bannon managed it when
invited on to the party platform we had
the single greatest candidate in
American history all we had to do was
let Trump be Trump number one stop mass
illegal immigration and limit legal
immigration to get our sovereignty back
and to help our workers vanillin told
the National Front they were part of a
worldwide movement the history was on
their side and it was a tide that would
bring them victory after victory after
victory but it didn't happen for marine
lepen in 2017 many blamed her poor
showing in the campaign's final debate
with Emmanuel macron eyes are now
turning on her 28 year old niece Marion
Marichal lepen although now retired from
politics she has been identified as a
rising star by Bannon and was spreading
her message in the United States last
month I'm not offended when I hear
President Donald Trump say America first
in fact I want America first for the
American people
I want Britain first for the British
people and I want friends first for the
French people marine lepen hopes her
exercise in rebranding will help bring
support back and allow her to form
alliances with other parties baby
chatter al-jazeera
Lille
