one year after a controversial
referendum on Catalan secession
there are new governments in both Madrid
and Barcelona but how much has really
changed on both sides this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim last year Spain's
government insisted that catalonia's
vote for secession was illegal and sent
paramilitary police to stop it when the
Catalan regional Parliament declared
independence a few weeks later Madrid
imposed central rule some Catalan
leaders fled to exile others are in
prison Spain now has a new prime
minister but most of the issues raised
by last year's vote remain unresolved
and again this weekend there were huge
crowds of protesters on the streets of
Barcelona we'll bring in our guests in a
moment but first this report from Paul
Tudor Gian riot police confronted
hundreds of pro-independence protesters
at the main door of the Catalan
Parliament in Barcelona late into the
night these demonstrations fall to march
that police say attracted more than
180,000 people earlier in the day tens
of thousands marked the first
anniversary of the failed bid for
secession from Spain bringing parts of
their wealthy northeastern region home
to seven and a half million people to a
standstill it has already been a year
from October first we voted regardless
of all the obstacles imposed by a
fascist oppressive government that did
nothing but assault innocent people who
went only with a ballot in hand today we
go out to claim that did we defeated the
Spanish state by being able to hold and
win a referendum Spain's Constitutional
Court declared last year's referendum
illegal on the day of the referendum
Spanish right police strong polling
stations across the region and clamped
down on protesters hundreds of people
were injured the violent crackdown
brought international condemnation the
catalan assembly officially declared
independence on october 27th but it was
not internationally recognised the
spanish government dissolved catalonia's
parliament and imposed direct rule
a year on pro-independence Catalans want
their declaration of independence to be
recognized they're also demanding the
release of jailed government ministers
and civic organization leaders who were
at the helm of the failed secession
drive it was important to do something
today because throughout this year we've
not made much progress the Catalan
government hasn't done much and we
determined to make the Catalan Republic
or to make a legal referendum Madrid's
direct rule of Catalonia ended in June
when Pedro Sanchez replaced Prime
Minister Mayan our high and a vote of
no-confidence sanchez is against
independence but his approach is softer
than that of his predecessor his
government agreed to move jailed Catalan
politicians out of prisons in Madrid to
ones in Catalonia the viola live funeral
will the election of Pedro Sanchez is
actually good news because he has a
softer approach and is open to dialogue
but it's not clear if he has specific
political objectives or he can resolve
the situation because he just doesn't
have a parliamentary majority the
promise of talks between the Spanish and
Catalan leaders has yet to come to
fruition
so for these demonstrators the fight for
independence remains in the hands of the
people
Paul Chatterjee on al-jazeera
all right let's bring in our guests in
Barcelona Jordi villian Villanova
he's the national secretary with the
Catalan national assembly
that's a grassroots organization
supporting Catalan independence in
Madrid Tony Aldon
a member of parliament with the CEO of
the Dinos party meaning the citizens
party and in London Gabriel got room a
researcher with King's College in London
who focuses on conflict and nationalism
gentlemen welcome to you all Gabriel let
me start with you how much or how little
has changed in Spain with regard to this
issue in the past twelve months well it
has changed a great amount actually
we've got changes in both governments we
had an very difficult aftermath after
the referendum with all the central
government taking power of the Catalan
institutions so so yeah it has been a
very difficult year trying to you know
both those actors actually finding a way
to keep their own political own
political agendas I think we we are in a
kind of a deadlock right now
Jordi from your perspective what does it
say that one year on there were these
large demonstrations and that there were
even some clashes that happened well the
issue here is that there's a lot of
unrest here in Catalonia because people
are extremely unhappy with how things
have turned out especially after the 1st
of October 2017 the people who protested
yesterday throughout the day because it
wasn't just the main demonstration in
the evening yesterday there was also
students demonstrations during the day
several demonstrations throughout
Catalonia so there's a general feeling
of really very serious unhappiness with
with what's gone on the issue here of
course is that after the first of
October and the the suspension of home
rule the the government has been pretty
much hamstrung by
Madrid with continuing limitations on
the on the budgets without being able to
carry on normal government besides the
fact that the although it's an illegal
referendum
you know the respect for the opinion of
half the population at least I mean we
don't really know that it's whether it's
47% or 52% or how many there are until
we have a referendum and Madrid is not
helping at all I mean the new government
in Madrid was brought about in fact with
the votes of Catalan separatists within
the Spanish Congress in the hope that
something could come of that but it's
apparent that Madrid's hamstrung as well
the Madrid government is being limited
by both Silvano's and the popular party
who are shifting right because they're
being pressured by Vox which is an
extreme right party which is bringing
cases prosecutions against the the
parliamentarians who are in prison and
the civic leaders so the situation
really is in deadlock as the other
guests said yeah Tony if you could pick
up a little bit on what Jordy was saying
there he was talking about new
governments now being in place does that
go anywhere towards stopping this
political deadlock or is this gonna
continue for some time
look III do think that the main problem
we have is that Catalonia the national
chronicle national government have now
led by a man called torta was the
president simply does not respect the
per a little use that you have in
Catalonia and that's the fundamental
problem we have this guy has written in
the past that Spanish people and those
that disagree with nationalism have some
sort of DNA problems
and he's a because you guys got an
openly supremacist attitude towards
those that are not nationalists it
happens that in Catalonia and I include
myself in that group because I'm also a
catalan despite my soul is not likely we
have had four regional elections over
the last six seven years catalan
nationalism has never got more than 50%
of the vote
right so they have had the opportunity
to express themselves obviously the
Constitution the Spanish Constitution
like any other European Constitution
does not recognize the right of
self-determination in their constitution
it's in vedalam exist only for some kids
and levies I think in the world and but
they did have their I mean you can
change the constitutional right
referendum but they did they did have
the opportunity as I say to express
themselves for for four times they
didn't get the majority but still they
decided to go ahead and declare a
unilateral independence from Catalonia
from from Spain right and this is
basically subverting the Spanish
Constitution it's something extremely
extremely grave it's something extremely
worrying right the my rights as a
Catalan citizen that wants to be Spanish
and wants to remain European were
brutally violated by the decision of the
Catalan Parliament without TrueVision
majority to go ahead with this loss that
should subvert the Constitution and
created the Catalan the golly that is
imaginary and that does not happen
the Democratic support and that was not
approved through the democratic process
right and this referendum they did I
reject violence I think there were
terrible images that day I think it was
terribly managed by a high but it's not
support of anything right you could vote
three four times in that referendum it
was organized by the ANC and
pro-independence Park is 90% of those
participating both it forty years there
were no democratic guarantees no
committee that guaranteed the neutrality
of the results show it's basically
absolutely invalid right so we can talk
about anything but it needs to be within
the law is within the rules that would
have established throughout the last 40
years to to talk not it's just only
unilateralism and it's not very
different from all the nationalist
movement we've seen in Europe and
populist movement which we need of what
what the nationalist Catalan government
has become now
Jordi I see you reacting to what Tony is
saying there so I want to give you a
chance to jump in what are your thoughts
to what you were hearing from Tony well
basically what they're playing at is
catch-22 in other words you can be
independence but you can't have
independence years ago the former prime
minister of Spain said that you can talk
about anything you like as long as
there's no violence the issue is of
course that with silver nanos backing
Tony role dance party for the oppression
that's been made obviously I'm using the
word oppression because that's was made
absolutely clear in the police violence
during the referendum even if it was
considered a mock referendum and it was
a legal or even illegal I mean what's
the point of beating up old ladies and
kids and you know people who just did
not lift a finger in violent reaction I
mean it's absolutely obvious that this
is oppression that this is using another
authoritarian stance with the full
backing of you verrano's throughout so I
don't know you know it's pretty
laughable Tony rolled on saying that you
know it's the fault of the PP government
and that they had nothing to do with it
and they're very sorry it happened that
way and the brach who has had constant
support from Sylvia knows as long as it
was concerning the Catalan move
for greater self-government whether that
becomes independence or not that's
another issue but there's been absolute
stonewalling all the time ever since
2010 when the pp got a ruling that the
former statute had certain illegal
articles which absolutely named that
constitute Catalan Constitution because
that effectively the statute in Spain
are effectively the Constitution or the
Constitution I'm sorry I'm sorry Jordi
I'm sorry to interrupt but I just I want
to go to Gabriel for a questioner
because I want to step back for a minute
and take the wider view here when it
comes to the region I want to talk
specifically about the EU stance
I mean Europe's leaders have shown
little sign of budging from their
position that Catalonia is independence
is a matter for Madrid is that stance
going to remain well in my opinion that
are here a couple of dilemmas and are of
course related I mean the Spanish state
in itself and of course the Spanish
government has here a political problem
and it's not sufficient just to throw
law as a as an answer because law has to
be as well you know adaptive and
shapeable towards the the the political
things going on and of course I say
there's an important part of the catalan
society that wants to have a referendum
maybe they want to vote yes maybe they
wanna vote no but there is a huge part
of the Katherine population that things
that this political conflict has to be
solved through a referendum so that's
one of the dilemmas the other dilemma of
courses within the pro-independence
ranks because if you want to have a
unilateral referendum you need a huge
majority and you need to consider the
probability of coercion and conflict
being present so there is no that is not
a magical formula so you you can get
secession in a state with the 40% of the
electorate and without any kind of
coercion so that's another dilemma that
has to be
solve there and then there's of course
the whole European Union situation we
don't have of course in the European
Union at least now any kind of any kind
of jurisprudence in that regard there
was a secession referendum on Sunday in
the UK for for Scotland I think that's
the the one of the ways forward but the
European Union debate it's to me an old
syria debate because what matters at
least in that very moment is how in the
spanish state you try to accommodate
these different political this different
political visions and how you try to
articulate that because many people
would deny but to me there's a clear
political problem here that has to be
solved of course both ranks try to you
know bring things to their own political
position and try to push for that but at
some point we just need to get an
agreement here and try to find a way to
solve it then if by any chance there's a
proper referendum recognized by the
spanish state and the European Union
believes that secession a secessionist
part of that state cannot be directly
integrated in the European Union that
would be another another another debate
Tony let's talk about the nine Catalan
leaders who are currently in jail and
awaiting trial is there any chance that
they could be released and is this the
major obstacle when it comes to
negotiations going forward look the
situation of these political leaders is
something that was perfectly predictable
in the sense that they were saying for a
while look I'm gonna go ahead with this
unilateral claim of independence we
don't care about what the Constitutional
Court says we will and they said it
publicly in a number of occasions they
will continue with our mandate of the
people that means to go ahead and break
with Spain who said we will
people that is trying to repress and
oppressors as the previous commentator
was regarding right but the truth is
that they were advised they were told
look if you tried to break up the
Constitution and break up the country
and throw Catalonia outside of the EU
and leave the country to a spectacular
economic crisis and there will be
obviously legal consequences right
I mean convinced of the democratic
intentions of all of some of these some
of these leaders but they need to
understand that without rules there is
only cows right there is only cows and
there needs to be consequences you try
to break up a country without respecting
the democratic process and without
respecting the Constitution like in
other countries pro-independence parties
are not even allowed to exist in Germany
for instance like in Spain they exist
they obviously are represented it's the
way they will represent this great the
diversity we have in Spain is
represented everywhere but when you try
to subvert the rights and ignore the
rights of the other half of Catalans
that seem not to exist for nationalists
and and also violate the rights of all
Catalan of all Spanish people that voted
for a constitution and then obviously
discuss consequences right in terms of
the dialogue look I think there is that
there needs to be space Catalonia is the
biggest economic powerhouse of Spain
it's about 20% of Spanish GDP they are
they have a great amount of autonomy
already they manage the public health
they manage education they have autonomy
in managing language policy they I mean
we can improve that for sure there there
are ways we've proposed a number of
things to improve investments you can
talk about their contribution their
solidary Constitution to the rest of
Spain but this doesn't seem to be what
they want they just want
break up and and to break up they don't
have a majority and we've seen it as I
said before or four times ready in four
elections either exit they accept
reality and they accept that they've
been selling like many other populist
movement they've been selling their
people lies one after the other or if
not it's simply there is no space for
dialogue right Jordie what kind of
headway have talks between regional and
national administrations yielded I mean
is it is it only economic issues or
economic deals I've been reached so far
well as mr. Alvin said in Germany
there's no pro-independence there's no
contemplation of Brian dependence that's
pretty obvious I mean if we were to
belong to the Spanish to the German
Federation I think the Catlins would be
pretty happy with with their deal the
thing is in Spain there is absolutely no
respect for language for mr. mister
roelle dance-party have been promoting
the idea that they should be recent
realisation in fact it's it's pretty
laughable once again how mr. Holden says
that we have all these powers in local
governments and his own party is now
advocating recent realization and if we
were so happy if we should be so happy
it would be extremely odd that you know
half the population of Catalonia would
want to break away from Spain not just
more power there are half of us at least
that's what mr. Harrell done says we
don't really know until there is a
referendum Jordi Jordi once I break away
from from from Spain Johnny I'm sure
it's extremely ugly I'm sorry to stop
you but it's just that we're starting to
run out of time and and Tony is is
shaking his head and obviously wants to
jump in here so I want to give a little
time here to Tony if your response to
what Jordi is well I mean I wanted to
jump in beforehand as well I mean the
situation here it I mean if you're
running a country you need to ask
yourself why it is that half the popular
one of your agents wants to leave okay
fair enough
now Tony what's your response to that
and just please be mindful of the fact
that we only have a couple of minutes
left here and try to be as fast and
clear as possible look it's absolutely
false what this member of a ANC is
saying I studied in Barcelona I studied
in Catalan 90% of all my subjects it's a
vehicular language you use in all public
schools there is no problem with Catalan
you can express everywhere freely not
only that but Catalan national
governments over the last 40 years have
been paying loads of money to promote
Catalan and I find it great but Catalan
is a great language just they they try
to find enemies where they don't exist
and throughout the crisis which was very
very hard the scapegoat Catalan
nationalism found not only to the crisis
but also to hide a number of huge
corruption scandals they have elites
managed to build this narrative where
all the problems I mean I'm sure many
people listening has some memories of
what happened in brexit right it's not
it's not that different display all the
columns are from Brussels Brussels is
killing us it's the same story
Madrid steals another morning they don't
respect us it's not true they have been
building their narrative on on on lies
right in Catalonia there are things we
can improve I'm sure we there must be
something wrong but the disastrous
consequences of a unilateral vote but
also in a binary vote of yes no it is so
hard to capture all the complexities
that peak that people I wanted
Catalonian Barcelona are cosmopolitan
societies with multiple identities they
are not all dependent on national is
Tony Tony
if I have any funds Tony I just I'm I'm
gonna have to stop you there because we
are running out of time I want to give
the last word here to Gabriel Gabriel
could you just quickly we only have
about a minute left talk about the deep
divisions that still remain in Catalonia
in society there well of course a
catalan society is in itself a divided
society I'm
I don't know any Society in the world
that is not divided so of course we have
complexities of course we have different
groups of people believing some things
but to me
this argument that with more money a
better budget and better you know
relationship with the central government
business this is gonna run out this is
completely Fault in my opinion because
to me there's a political problem of
course we can talk here it's a matter of
nationalism if it's a matter of these
modern times in which there are
reactions to globalization we can debate
the nature of it but of course it's a
political problem that comes from long
time ago and Catalan society is divided
in itself a referendum is not a good
instrument never it is but maybe is the
solution all right we're gonna have to
leave it there thanks to all our guests
Jordi Villanova Toni rolled on and
Gabriel got room and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ Inside
Story from me Mohammed Jim Jim and the
whole team here in Doha bye for now
you
