while Syrian government forces have made
big gains in the last 24 hours they are
still facing resistance this video from
Daschle Aslam claims to show regime
forces being pushed back but they have
surrounded two large towns in eastern
Goethe Duma and harassed her encircling
towns is something Syrian government
forces have done consistently especially
since enlisting the help of the Russians
militarily and tactically by cutting off
roads and important supply lines with
essential that the fighters with no
place left to go
he is isolating the two cities now the
two big cities in the in the eastern
water he is weakening them and he's
supporting its military approach by
having this political strategy
separating them both on the ground and
politically by trying to have a deal
this deal with Jewish Islam across the
country the Free Syrian Army supported
by the Turks are closing in on the city
of Afrin positions held by the Kurdish
militia the YPG air strikes have been
ongoing water has been cut one doctor in
the local hospital says he fears a
massacre the chair of the local council
has called on the UN to intervene the UN
official claims that self administration
and the YPG prevent the population from
escaping we invite those who sit summer
and say something like this to send a
delegation to our free and to talk to
people here the people of a freeing
prefer to voluntarily stay in their
country and defend it against the
occupation of the Turkish state Turkey's
president says he expects Turkish troops
in the city if we placed on a shelf put
to one side our conscience ethics and
sensitivities just like other countries
and terrorists do when they act in Syria
then capturing a friend will be a job
that would take us just three days back
in eastern Goethe Syrian TV says the
government forces now control 51% of the
area they're still considering new
humanitarian corridors for people and
fighters who are ready to leave but they
still continued to push for full control
Allen Fisher al Jazeera on the
turkish-syrian border
