they've traded insults and threats now
the US president and North Korean leader
say they'll meet can Donald Trump get
kim jeong-hoon to give up his nuclear
ambitions and what does Pyongyang want
from the talks this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava they've taken the world
by complete surprise u.s. President
General Trump and North Korean leader
Kim jong-un have agreed to sit down
together and the historic meeting could
take place within two months they've
spent much of the past year hurling
insults at each other
Trump's called Kim little rocket man
came said trump was mentally deranged so
what will they talk about when they come
face-to-face there is only one topic
being mentioned nuclear weapons it was
an envoy from South Korea that made the
announcement about the meeting
delivering Kim's invitation direct to
trump at the White House
Trump was quick to say yes on his
Twitter account but on what terms the
White House says there are no
preconditions but there have been mixed
messages Mike Hanna has more from
Washington DC it appeared that the US
had introduced new preconditions when
the press secretary said that the
meeting would not take place unless
North Korea provided strong guarantees
and took strong steps to indicate the
authenticity of its position however
subsequently administration officials
said that miss Sanders was not
introducing new preconditions they said
she was indeed emphasizing the
consequences should North Korea continue
or resume nuclear or missile testing or
interfere with the joint military
exercises taking place between the u.s.
and South Korea but this confusion
underscores the developments that have
occurred with President Trump leaping
headfirst into potential face-to-face
negotiation many expressing concern that
negotiations such as these had begin
from the bottom up that the face-to-face
meeting between leaders comes at the end
of a process not at the very beginning
in addition some experts point out the
North Koreans had decades of negotiating
deals with various states the Trump
administration new to the game they're
going to be at a disadvantage in any
negotiation with the North Koreans
should it take place
from the very beginning news of the
proposed meeting has made headlines
around the world but in North Korea
itself you might not have heard anything
about it
Rob mcbride is in the South Korean
capital Seoul if you were in North Korea
right now and you do not have access to
an outside source of information then
you will not know about the historic
summit in all six pages of the Rodong
Sinmun this is the state-controlled main
party newspaper there's not one mention
of it
the only related item is an article
attacking the latest US sanctions which
it says are a further provocation
possibly leading to war the problem in
North Korea is a propaganda machine that
turns out a daily diet of commentaries
all attacking the imperialist United
States as the great war monger how do
you now turn around and tell your people
that your leader is about to sit down
and have a friendly chat with the leader
of your arch enemy even harder it seems
we'll be explaining that in preparation
for this historic summit you have put on
hold work on your intercontinental
ballistic missile this has been heralded
as a great achievement of the socialist
North Korea the thing that will offer
salvation from the very same imperialist
Americans it seems the North Koreans
need time to work out this complicated
narrative in order to be able to explain
it to its people looking even further
ahead
it becomes the prospect perhaps of
normalized relationship if this talks
continue between North Korea and the
United States maybe even relations
veering towards possibly the friendly or
at least less hostile should that happen
North Korea it seems will have to
perform some kind of propaganda
contortionists act in order to explain
it all luckily for the people in the
propaganda department that prospect does
seem a long way off
let's bring in our panel joining us from
saw BJ Kim adjunct professor at Hankuk
University of Foreign Studies in Exeter
in the UK
Aidan Foster Carter honorary senior
research fellow in sociology and modern
career at Leeds University and in
Washington DC which had wides director
at the Center for political military
analysis at the Hudson Institute welcome
to you all I would like to start by
asking mr. Kim this I mean what we know
so far is that the North Korean leader
Kim jong-un met with the South Korean
national security adviser and then
extended through him the invitation for
president Trump to meet do you think
this is it as simple as this or there's
more to this particular story there are
reports inside Korea that there is a
undisclosed message coming from Kim
jong-un to trump and there are wild
speculations here and there are
different scenarios but we don't have
information here and we cannot even
confirm whether there it was indeed this
great message or not but indeed that's
what we are hearing so I think your
point is very valid just an invitation
and acceptance to me invitation I don't
think it explains everything
there has to be a lot of information and
exchange of information going on that
might have happened behind the scenes so
I agree with your observation or
speculation that there is much more
exchange behind the scenes indeed mr.
agent foster dramatic development isn't
it because I mean from the chest-beating
swashbuckling over the last few months
suddenly we're talking about diplomacy
and what could be potentially a glimmer
of hope what do you think has prompted
this dramatic shift in diplomacy well I
I'm one of those who think that it's
possible that the severity of the
sanctions now being imposed by the
international community and bilaterally
against North Korea maybe has helped
bring it to the negotiating table
I would also give credit to president
moon jaein of South Korea who is very
much the the person who has arranged all
of this
with that comes a caveat just in case
any viewers have forgotten we haven't
heard any of this
from North Koreans yet not even the
inter-korean summit which i think is a
much firmer thing we have the South
Koreans word for it this is North Korean
leader has agreed to step across the
military demarcation line and to the
south and so on and now once again it's
the most bizarre breach of protocol you
have the South Koreans a foreign
government they were close are they of
the US on the White House lawn late at
night with no Americans in sight
announcing this thing is happening it's
all a bit weird we I would go so far as
to say I'm not sure that the Trump Kim
Jong and meeting will ever happen I
don't know if my panelists agree there's
so many things to to cross since then
it's let's let's wait and see but yes we
have our fingers crossed reow hope
springs eternal mr. White's I mean how
significant is this development do you
think it is as mr. Lathem force' was
saying because sanctions are paying off
or as others say just because Kim
jong-un is trying to showcase that he is
genuine about peace there are other
factors that come into play at the
moment we can't tell which are the most
important so you mentioned sanctions you
mentioned the public diplomacy effort of
the North Koreans I would add related to
that is in a way if it just goes for a
meeting then it's a North Korean game
because they've been for a long time
trying to get a high profile meeting
with an American leader and normally the
u.s. is conditioned that on certain
requirements related to art alien their
nuclear missile program so it would be
in their interest for a meeting to occur
in any case there may have been a wall
China and Russia may have played
somewhere I know they've been pressing
North Korea to to compromise and some
issues and it could also be the North
Koreans have under gauge a very robust
missile and nuclear test program over
the past year and a half and they
probably gained a lot of data from that
and they don't really need to test
either of these two systems in the near
term the what they need to do is develop
there's a warhead that can carry the the
nuclear explosive device on a missile
and for that they can just take a few
months and if
if this gives them more time to work on
it and if there no meeting takes place
or even if one does they can just resume
in a much better place I see if so it's
all to North Korea's advantage to agree
to this even though they haven't said
anything what the u.s. and South Korea
and Japan others need to think about is
what are they going to condition this
meeting on if they're good we were -
what could they hope to get how much are
they willing to sacrifice even potential
gains we'll definitely talk about the
regional implications Mr Kim I mean moon
jae-in has been trying over the last few
months to get closer try to broker any
sense of of an agreement where does he
stand now is he excited about the
potential of a meeting between the US
president and north korean leader
I'm sure he's excited excited about it
he has repeal he said his objective
intermediate objective or immediate
objective was to build a bridge between
Washington and Pyongyang in terms of
having talks between the two leaders so
he has achieved that call so he has
enough reason to be excited about it the
in terms of big picture about where this
current government of South Korea is
heading there there has been a lot of
questions whether there is a ultimate
goal in sight or it has any ideas I
don't think we have had much information
about that yet but for now at least this
is a clear victory for moon jaein
because he has reiterated made mm-hmm
mr.foster Carter will you go to a
meeting with no preconditions but at the
same time you absolutely have no idea
about the outcome of the meeting do you
see this as a political Gumble by Trump
I think like I think every other
commentator it's an absolutely massive
political gamble and you correctly
identify it with President Trump I mean
from what we're getting of the the
genesis of this whole idea you know what
staff input was there from the State
Department zero Rex Tillerson Secretary
of State wasn't wasn't even told a few
hours earlier on a trip in Africa he'd
said they were far from talks with North
Korea's had to row back now apparently
not even any immediate staffers on hand
in the White House he just happened the
South Koreans he was
President Trump was supposed to meet the
South Korean delegation who were indeed
briefing him on their visit to Pyongyang
the next day but he heard they were in
the building he wandered in they relayed
Kim jong-un's
apparent message and president Trump off
his own bat said sure at a certain level
you admire the boldness of course his
great shtick is he's the deal maker he
can cut through all the red tape and all
the stuff but at the same time you know
diplomacy is as someone has already said
this is not diplomacy this is it egoism
if you don't have you know a concrete
plan preconditions I mean they're gonna
have to get their skates on really fast
particularly if it is going to happen by
the end of May where they're not now so
sure about that but you know a lot of
preparation to what exactly is going to
come out of this unless it's just you
know just optics
mr. Weiss this a North Korean issue has
been described as the biggest challenge
facing the US administration for decades
but then the State Department seems to
be in limbo does this say more about the
way Trump handles politics at the White
House or is it more about a huge problem
within the administration itself about
tackling strategic issues like a
overtures towards North Korea I would
point out that this the disconnection
between the State Department the Defense
Department the intelligence community
National Security Council is a
reoccurring problem in u.s. foreign
policy we my institution and others
participate about 10 years ago trying to
work on how to improve the interface
between the White House and the other
executive agencies because there's
always problems with coordination with
the departments trying to do their own
thing with imbalances and funding
between the departments and so on so
what we're seeing now is not something
particularly new there is a different
factor in that you're the president
Trump's approach to diplomacy is a bit
different from previous presidents I
mean he appears very comfortable with
these leadership meetings he appears to
be very much influenced by the people he
talks to in foreign governments and
somewhat less interested in receiving
detailed briefings from the State
Department intelligence me and so on so
it may
someone exacerbated in in current
administration but this this disconnects
a problem now hopefully as our as
Adrienne said well hopefully we'll sort
this out over the next month or so so
they'll come in with a clear set of
priorities talking point something
that's comfortable for the South Koreans
and the Japanese who may rightfully be
concerned about being not having enough
access to those talks but I think
there's nothing irretrievable at the
moment okay so I think they can they can
certainly make this up but I wouldn't
read I mean this this kind of confusion
is very common I should give it some
time Alti making I see Mr Kim I mean you
said that the South Korean president and
the general sentiment is one of
excitement in South Korea but when you
look back a history there's been this
agreed framework of 1994 followed by the
agreement of 2002 2006 it all collapsed
within months I mean why was this one if
it ever happens could be a breakthrough
because others say that North Koreans
are just trying to use it as a tactic to
win time right I guess
the hope can be found in the way the
current situation has been set up I mean
you know many media organizations around
the world have pointed out that this
time what's happening is very much
top-down the top leaders of course Kim
jong-un in Pyongyang and Donald Trump in
Washington it's there they're making the
moves in the past what it's been
happening is all this working-level
officials ironed out all the differences
in the day they went up the ladder and
then you know final stage of each time
period of getting to the final point was
you know talking about summit meetings
and then top the highest level you know
get together and so on and this time you
know the the table is top leaders are
moving and then the working-level
officials are busy to catch up this time
so looks like there is that a critical
difference this time so we can pin our
hope in the fact that this style of
interaction this time is different and
therefore possibly there could be a
different result but then again as you
reminded us the long history of
frustration even you know continuously
sub
is always in the back of our minds all
of us involved here in Seoul and
Washington everywhere it's baffling in a
way well another mr. I don't force them
because now if this is if this meeting
is ever to happen it will definitely I
think be about the nuclearization of
North Korea but this is a term that
means absolutely everything at nothing
because I mean I'm for the Americas it
could be North Korea should abandon its
arsenal but no three years I think at
the same time the Americans should do
the same thing I mean how can they
narrow their differences about this
particular issue with great difficulty I
mean to me the big question about this
whole summit I mean it actually happens
what the agenda will look like it could
be summed up in two words who moves the
stated positions of both governments
over many years don't seem to give very
much hope for middle ground excuse me a
second full of winter cold here in
England they do apologize
so who moves and it's very important
denuclearization there's a
misunderstanding here North Korea has
not offered itself as the only subject
of the sentence of denuclearization they
have agreed to discuss again if we
believe the South Korean intermediaries
and I do the denuclearization of the
whole Peninsula ah that's quite a
different thing and we've been there
before many times in the previous talks
which as you said collapse usually after
a few years not a few months be
pessimistic about this but of course
there's a quid pro quo if the North
Koreans are ever going to give up their
nuclear arsenal the threat against them
which is real although it's also
defensive I mean it has to go down as
well and their conditions for that in
the past have been pretty tough the
ending of the us-rok Alliance the
withdrawal of South Korean troops from
the peninsular and so on there's no way
South Korea is going to agree to that so
you know unless we somehow find that
there's been a real shift by presumably
the North Korean side I mean we're
simply not the u.s. and South Korean
side I don't see these talks actually
getting anywhere a photo-op
maybe but beyond that what can it be so
what you've just heard to what mr.
enforcer has been saying about the
challenge of the above the whole idea of
the nuclearization in terms of this time
I mean the u.s. the orthodoxy of the
u.s. foreign diplomacy with regards to
North
has been based on the idea of incentives
for the North Koreans to abandon their
program but than if that doesn't work
then they would go for sanctions this
time we don't have any idea or clarity
about what is the u.s. approach when it
comes to engaging the North Koreans
right to be fair to the administration
they undertook a very comprehensive
policy review and they came into office
it was the first one before the Iran
review and so on and they developed a
wide range of possible options from the
one end they consider just accepting a
North Korean nuclear program so you'd
have a mutual deterrent relationship
such as we have with Russia and they
decide that was unacceptable like
previous administrations the other
extreme various first uses of military
force either not on invasion or we've
heard recently about this this single
strike to try and intimidate them they
reviewed possibly assassinating the
North chameleon so they went through the
entire gamut considered all the options
and basically could decided to focus on
diplomacy trying to work with the
Chinese and other countries to induce a
change in North Korean behavior and
sanctions to try and put pressure on the
North Korean government as well as
impede its ability to build up its
import the material and technology needs
for a nuclear or missile program and
addition to build up the defenses of the
United States missile defenses
conventional offenses and those of Japan
and South Korea and so that so it's
clear what they've been doing which is
actually pretty similar what previous
administration is it's still a bit more
intense you would find many people who
would disagree with you about this mr.
mr. white and let me go to mr. Kim even
Japan which is one of the top allies of
the u.s. was completely caught by
surprise when it comes to this it shows
are really concerned about the American
announcement yeah indeed we notice
that's a big problem but the thing is in
terms of how this immediately directly
involved players could have played out
this game better I don't think we have
any other alternative here there has
been so much of activity between Seoul
and Pyongyang communication altogether
and
think they just had a chance to notify
Japan or even Beijing I know it's
concerned as well the thing is
everything progressed so fast I mean the
agreement that we came up with so far
is something that most of the observers
had anticipated maybe taking place in in
a year or two or even three years and
then we got here which is a very
accelerated pace and of course it's the
way I say it's natural to have not
enough time to notify our own neighbors
we do understand now Japan and China may
actually insist upon going back to the
old style of talks like six-party talks
and we can see their interests in it and
definitely they don't want to be left
out from here and of course Washington
soul and perceive in Pyongyang will have
icy points are taking into account of
their desires as well so there will be
important factor to keep in mind but so
far we just didn't have time I see
because of the pace mr. white should
this be seen as a major victory for
North Korean leader Kim jong-un well so
far it's a temporary gain I mean what
the US has done if I saying we'll meet
with him is something we've in the past
demanded certain preconditions for the
administration is starting to make clear
what those preconditions may be and so
it could be a gain I don't know major
not yet but it's certainly something
that could yield gains for North Korea
or for everybody if we actually reach a
deal mm-hmm mr. Kim this is going to be
my last question should the meeting take
place where do you think it would happen
I don't think it will be likely to take
place in Washington because Kim jong-un
he faced individual sanctions and so on
and levi's charges so a very slight
possibility for him to travel all the
way to Washington and then again I
cannot imagine Donald Trump flying all
the way to Pyongyang that was just not
look good at all because of the overall
situation you know Singh North Korea is
the the party that has propagated all
along so
interval probably my own thinking have
to be about third place and one of the
good third place would be South Korea so
I think there is a considerable chance
for this summit meeting between Trump
and Kim Jong taking place somewhere in
South Korea if not in the the capital
city maybe one of the resort area so so
so South Korea is a one place I would be
watching for the summit meeting so BJ
came Aden Foster Carter which is why I
enjoyed having the conversation with you
thank you very much indeed and thank you
too for watching you can see the
programme again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ insight sorry from me Hashem Allah
and the whole team here bye for now
