it's the last day of campaigning for
former FARC commander Victoria Sandino
and it's a symbolic one she's back in
her hometown Terra Alta in northern
Colombia the town she left 31 years ago
to become a guerrilla fighter you have
resisted you have had the ability and
the courage to endure the systematic
violence that has been waged against our
people the new fight party has been
running on a platform of political and
social welfare reform but it has had a
hard time attracting people outside of
its traditional base all attendance here
are poor farmers mostly coca growers
hoping peace will bring about change the
hope is that this party will help us
move forward and that one day we can
experience the peace we've been tonight
for so long by the war we can reach it
this time but the FARC campaign has
largely attracted a different kind of
attention
last month its suspended campaigning
after Rodrigo London it's top commander
running for president was pelted with
rocks he later ended his run because of
health reasons to x-fighters campaigning
for a candidate have been killed and
most suffered attacks or threats on
social media Sandino says Colombia's
private institutions systematically
hampered their efforts we've been trying
but it has been very hard the goal was
to reach as many people as possible but
we weren't able to finance the campaign
banks would not open us accounts we
could have reached out on radio and TV
like the other parties we suffered
considerable stigmatization and
mudslinging of the candidates and you
know we'll likely fill one of ten
congressional seats that the peace deal
set aside for the new fox party
regardless of their showing but it will
be difficult for them to legitimize
those seats if they don't get enough
votes there is a tremendous degree of
negative feelings towards this group
that they have not adequately processed
and taken measures to address Forks
transitioning to a legal electoral force
was never going to be simple but these
tentative steps are already an historic
achievement in a country still
struggling to find a way to turn the
page on its long and bloody conflict
Alessandra pata al Jazeera TR Alta
