this is soon going to be the first
insured coral reef in the world a trust
fund of government NGO and academic
leaders has been created to take out a
policy to cover the Mexican section of
the Mesoamerican Reef against hurricanes
the Nature Conservancy helped mastermind
the scheme and hopes it can be
replicated elsewhere ensure they call a
risk are so important because 200
million people in the world live close
to reefs and they are protected by coral
reefs under Akane's sea level rise beach
erosion so we continue to lose in our
ribs as we are doing right now we will
lose that coastal protection so the
insurance will allow us to have some
funding to restore the reef after the
European hits them the pioneering plan
was announced at the world ocean summit
every year it brings decision makers and
conservationists together to find
sustainable ways to use the world sees
the environmentalists here this is about
more than just the scheduled events it's
about the chats in hallways in the lobby
bar the rare chance to network with
government and business leaders who have
the power to put their plans for the
future of the oceans into practice
mexico's president Enrique Pena Nieto
showed up so did Iceland's I think we
all need to face the fact that the
future of the oceans is a common concern
whether you're a head of state or an NGO
we all need to get inside the boat and
row in the same direction but more
governments need to take responsibility
says the UN environmental director for
oceans belongs to everyone but still no
one is protecting it so if there's one
issue that I would say it's crucial to
get sorted out it's the sort of global
governance that's a reason why we are
facing this huge problem a barrage of
problems in fact 8 million tons of
plastic go into the sea every year
three-quarters of coral reefs are under
threat around 90% of fish stocks are at
full stretch or overexploited here at
least there's no lack of ideas or
willpower to turn
things around John Holman al Jazeera the
Mayan Riviera Mexico
