it's a city near the end of the earth
rich in maritime history in the main
square and fujur arenas ferdinand
magellan looks out towards Tierra del
Fuego across the Strait that bears his
name from Scott to Shackleton this is
where famous Antarctic expeditions came
and sometimes returned and today its
home to the Chilean Antarctic Institute
a signatory to a very important treaty
preserving the integrity of the
Antarctic continent works as a kind of
international cooperative as you walk
into the Chilean Antarctic Institute
you're presented with a map of the
continent incredibly rich in resources
from copper to oil to gold and a lot of
nations would like to get the hands on
that but they can't because of the
Antarctic Treaty which was signed back
in 1959 to ensure in the interest of all
mankind that article shall continue
forever to be used exclusively for
peaceful purposes and shall not become
the scene or object of international
discord and so far that has worked the
principle of spirit of cooperation in
Antarctica really
if you don't compare it maybe you can be
or can do anything because this is an
extreme land with extreme conditions
from Punta Arenas to King George Island
on the fringes of Antarctica it's well
below zero and the tourists off the
cruise ships are on their way home
so here we are King George Island
Antarctica we made it it's so desolate
it's like we've landed on
this is where the world's geography is
turned upside down where Russia
neighbors Chile alongside a dozen other
nations research stations it is the
Antarctic Treaty in action survival
suits are on for the trip from shore to
ship this is a ride out to the Arctic
sunrise is parked up in the midst out
there somewhere on board we're quickly
on our way southbound for the site of
the proposed ocean sanctuary an isolated
wilderness of sea and ice home to an
astonishing array of life our campaign
sort of is for the Weddell Sea marine
protected area its proposal by the
German government and backed by the EU
and that sort of starts at about 64
degrees
is described by everyone who goes there
is pretty inhospitable so I think that's
the feeling we're gonna have as we round
this corner the Greenpeace expedition is
taking in scientific studies of the
ocean floor as well as an exploration of
this remote outpost how far we get will
depend on whether ice conditions and a
good deal of luck Nick Clark al Jazeera
Antarctica
