Martin shkreli apologized to investors
and admitted he'd made mistakes as he
sobbed and pleaded for leniency but his
own attorney admitted sometimes he
wanted to punch his client in the face
convicted of lying to raise money and
then again to cover his losses the hedge
fund manager was already famous when he
was arrested for securities fraud for
raising the price of a life-saving AIDS
drug five thousand percent
and then smirking his way through a
hearing when called to account by
Congress
it's not funny mr. Cirelli people are
dying and they're getting sicker and
sicker
the fact that he antagonized journalists
and mocked authorities on social media
during the trial did not endear him to
the judge
she revoked his bail after shkreli
offered his Facebook followers money for
a snippet of Hillary Clinton's hair John
Zack is a former federal prosecutor who
now works for New York law firm boys
Schiller Flexner to sort of engage in
that kind of conduct while you're in a
criminal trial is is a bad idea because
you once you get to sentencing you
basically have an audience of one the
judge and the judge is going to be
looking at him and trying to evaluate
what kind of person he is shkreli who's
been teaching inmates math in prison
insisted he's a good person I've learned
a harsh lesson he said in his sentencing
letter the trial in six months and
maximum security has been a frightening
wake-up call I now understand I need to
change martin shkreli's attorney argued
he deserved 18 months in jail or less
but the judge handed down a seven-year
sentence
she also forfeited 7 million dollars
plus of the man's assets including a
rare wu-tang clan album that martin
shkreli once bragged about paying 2
million dollars for kristin salumi al
jazeera New York
