this child is part of a growing
humanitarian crisis one of 2 million
children at risk of dying from
malnutrition in the Kassie region in the
Democratic Republic of Congo in two
communal conflicts had been escalating
here since 2016 similar violence across
the country has led to more than 4.5
million people been internally displaced
that's nearly half of the country's
population the humanitarian community
has launched its largest ever appeal of
the Democratic Republic of Congo asking
for nearly one point seven billion
dollars so 2 million kids suffering from
acute severe malnutrition who are at
risk of dying but what is what is clear
is when you're looking at numbers of
this magnitude you know the urgency
couldn't be couldn't be greater the
World Food Program emphasized the need
for urgent assistance in the Kasai
region alone 3.2 million people are
severely hungry that's one in four
people malnourished children at risk of
dying as 300,000 at risk of dying just
think of that 300,000 little kids the UN
humanitarian chief plans to visit Casa
next month to raise awareness the drama
of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
is falling in the shadows of the
horrific wars in Syria and in Yemen the
Congo is has become completely neglected
and forgotten as a megacrisis indeed
hundreds of thousands of children may
starve to death the humanitarian
community is holding its first-ever
Democratic Republic of Congo donor
conference in Geneva in April Hannah
hawkster al Jazeera
