in the French city of Kabul it's another
busy day at this building material
supplier business is booming for the
samtcy group that has outlets across
France to keep growing the company needs
more staff but it's struggling to find
skilled workers we have 5300 staff but
216 job vacancies we mainly need
salespeople forklift drivers and tyler's
it's really hard to find people who are
specialized in areas such as woodwork so
it's difficult for us to recruit staff
with the skills we need the boss says
that 20 years ago people joined young
trained on the job and worked their way
up but today that's rare because fewer
people are attracted to industry we
can't fill vacancies internally anymore
so we must recruit externally but the
skills we need are not always taught in
training schools so there's a lot of
available talent we train in-house but
it's not enough
France is experiencing its biggest
economic growth in six years but nearly
half of its manufacturing companies find
it hard to recruit staff even though
unemployment is high experts say the
labor shortage could slow growth there
is no clear impediment for growth in the
next few months but as the labor
shortages can be a real drag for growth
in the next few few quarters the French
government wants to fix the country's
labor shortage and get more young people
into work it's already reformed the
labor law allowed the workplace to be
more flexible and it wants to boost the
number of training and apprenticeship
schemes like this one teachers at this
school near Paris hope the government's
focus on training will improve the image
of apprenticeships and create more
opportunities what a young person
arrives at a company with two years of
training like this they are much more
attractive and it's what companies want
want to learn as much as possible here
then one day open my own company to what
extent the government's reforms will
ease the labor shortage won't be clear
for
new years but investing in this
generation can only help the economy in
the future
Natacha butler al jazeera Vimal mezzo
france
