we drove into Syria with a Turkish army
escort they decided where we would go
the destination the village of Deir
volute one of the first retaken from
Kurdish militia by the Free Syrian Army
supported by the Turks and the operation
named olive branch sitting in the shade
the children waited for the a truck to
distribute its boxes the diet here has
been the same for a while in a small
building a makeshift doctor's office
there treating a lot of minor injuries
anything serious and the transfer to
Turkey for further treatment for some
who knew nothing but war it's a new and
frightening experience then it was time
to hand out the aid a family's name was
called and someone stepped forward some
barely tall enough to carry it home the
people are standing here waiting
patiently for the year to be handed out
but as they say they've waited long
enough for the aid to arrive but they
don't mind waiting that little bit
longer each box is oil and sugar and
flour and sanitary products enough to
last a family three weeks since the FSA
came we are receiving aid it is enough
for us it's enough six years we lived
under the YPG aid material should be a
little bit more because of the number of
people here and the number of people in
those families some of them received aid
but one or two boxes are not enough one
family because they're all gathered in
one house the Turkish Red Crescent says
it's doing what it can with what it has
BT up Tacoma we came to the area
yesterday and assess the needs of the
village residents who prepared food and
hygienic material for everyone every so
often the ground shakes with the sound
of artillery fire the big guns pointed
south in support of the ongoing military
operation the children told me they
don't like the noise they may have grown
up with the war but it's something they
will never get used to Allen Fisher al
Jazeera dear balute northern Syria
