Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
has been given a welcome few world
leaders could expect in London the
British government has been accused of
ignoring rights abuses in Saudi Arabia
and Yemen so what is behind this
controversial trip this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Rochelle Carey the red carpet has been
rolled out at Buckingham Palace and
number 10 Downing Street in London for
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman the 32 year old became heir to
the throne after a palace crisis last
June and since then he's continued his
country's involvement in the war in
Yemen launched a blockade of Qatar and
began what his government calls an
anti-corruption Drive dozens of
high-profile princes and businessmen
were arrested and held in a hotel
accused of corruption this trip to the
UK is the first since he took on this
new role as Crown Prince UK relationship
goes back a long way colonial Britain
helped establish what was to become
Saudi Arabia over a century ago there
are extensive business ties with Britain
a major arms supplier to the kingdom
report suggests that deals worth one
hundred billion dollars could be signed
during this visit with the UK eager to
deepen business relations outside the EU
but the visit has brought strong
criticism and demonstrations as well
over Saudi human rights abuses and the
humanitarian catastrophe caused by the
conduct of the war in Yemen British
prime minister Theresa May has defended
the welcome given to Saudi Arabia's
Crown Prince we'll get to our guests at
a moment first though Jamal Usha all
reports from London Mohammed bin Salman
started off his UK trip with a visit to
the Queen who hosted the young prince at
Buckingham Palace
a sign of just how eager the UK is to
bolster its ties with the Saudi Kingdom
children from the Saudi old King Fahad
Academy were bused in to cheer on the
Crown Prince a continuation of the
massive PR campaign that included huge
adverts across London announcing bin
sandman's visits human rights groups
however chose to focus on children by
highlighting the killing of thousands in
Yemen by the Saudi military an army
under the direct command of MBS as he's
known but 11 million children in Yemen
who are dependent on humanitarian aid
that's the entire population of Belgium
this is the world's worst humanitarian
disaster so for all the trade deals for
all the niceties we have to remember
that Saudi Arabia is a key player in
this conflict the crown prince's visits
is a very controversial one in
Parliament the leader of the manor
position party term you Corbin question
to Prime Minister what message she would
be conveying to Mohammedan Sandman as
she makes her arm sales pitch will she
also call on the Crown Prince to halt
the shocking abuse of human rights in
Saudi Arabia her response the link that
we have with Saudi Arabia is historic it
is an important one and it is saved it
has saved the lives of potentially
hundreds of people
and I will be raising concerns about
human rights with the crown prince when
I meet it to build on that relationship
the Prime Minister left Parliament to
meet with mvs at Downing Street Prince
Mohammed when will you stop bombing
innocent civilians in Yemen when will
you stop killing innocent civilians in
Yemen Prince Mohammed
as you can see this trip is not just a
high-profile one but also a very
controlled trip with the both the
British government and the Saudis not
wanting to have clear access there is no
press conference that took place this is
the closest we've had to access to the
Crown Prince and a big reason behind
that is the widespread opposition and
criticism that has been accompanying
this trip part of that opposition was
demonstrated in this protest outside
Downing Street who organizers here say
the UK government should not be turning
a blind eye to Saudi human rights abuses
no matter how much the crown prince
pledges to invest they want their
politicians to demand real change in
reform in Saudi Arabia and not to cheer
on what they consider to be propaganda
aimed at polishing the image of a man
who's locked up many of his political
opponents jamal al al jazeera london
let's bring in our guests now joining us
from London is David Hurst
editor-in-chief of Middle East I in
Fairfax Virginia via Skype Khalil Josh
an executive director of Arab Center
Washington DC and also in London on a
Celtic reading president of the Muslim
Association of Britain and thank you all
for joining me I appreciate it I'm going
to start with the the same question to
all of you David you first should this
trip be happening whether it should or
not it is happening it's been completely
stage-managed
everything about the trip has been
staged much which is why your
correspondent Jamal has not being able
to get anywhere near Marley bin Salman
and why most of the protest was actually
political a very strong one and I think
it took the government and Teresa may
somewhat by surprise the ads were paid
for by the Saudis the schoolchildren
were bussed in by the Saudis and of
course the Saudis used these images to
say hey look you know Britain is
offering lunch is offering a great
welcome to to our crown prince this is a
coronation tool what he really wants
from this trip Frank what Britain wants
from this trip are his cash is defense
contrast is desperate for them
particularly post brexit era for what he
wants from it what the sound is one for
me is legitimacy okay you actually set a
lot there and we're gonna unpack a lot
of that and in just a moment I want to
go to Khalil next the Khalil do you
think this trip should be happening this
is in the eye of the beholder I mean
it's a normative
answer but and subjective but at any
rate as David said the trip is is
happening based on the needs of both
parties and I agree that essentially the
agenda on both sides tends to be
domestic similar here in the states to
to the UK and there are some serious
concern concerns the US administration
like it or not is very concerned about
different developments in the region
some our domestic some our regional that
basically
impact on US interest or the u.s.
definition of its interest in the region
so I'm sure the agenda is going to be
diverse but but the I do not see this
visit as a substantive foreign policy
visit per se I think it's mostly based
on the domestic needs of both MBS
introducing himself again to the
American scene but this time as a crown
prince and trying to basically soften if
you will some of these concerns that
exist on the American side whether in
the private or public sector with
regards to some of the controversial
steps that he has taken in terms of
governance in areas honest you you've
been very clear you've written about
your concerns about this trip but
generally speaking do you think it
should even be happening I don't think
there's a problem with it's happening I
in fact if if I was to argue the case I
think it was necessary but the problem
is what's taking place behind closed
doors and what's being negotiated
ideally speaking I would have liked for
our government to be telling Mohammed
bin Salman in no uncertain terms about
how the British public see the Saudi
pivotal role along with other regional
actors such as the UAE in Iran in
destroying and disintegrating the Yemeni
state I would like to forfeit Ariza may
to be asking Mohammed bin Salman about
why it is that the Saudi regime rounds
up figures of society who in in any sane
world represent the antidote to their to
the rhetoric of Isis I'd like her to
also say to him that whilst allowing
women to drive as a nice gesture but it
doesn't speak about the reality of
democracy and human rights let's not
make any mistake this was on the foreign
policy issue it was a coronation for a
crown prince and rather than a head of
state to actually meet with the Queen at
Buckingham Palace and I'm sure that he's
going to also be meeting with the / with
President Trump when he's in America
it's officially a coronation everyone
recognizes this is the future king he's
young and it's likely that the world
will have to contend
with him being at the helm of the Saudi
regime for many decades to come
David you said a moment ago that you
feel like it's possible that the the UK
government was a bit caught off guard by
the push back and in all of these
protests should they be should they have
been caught off guard these are these
issues Yemen and and and human rights
abuses in Saudi Arabia these are not new
issues no they weren't you're absolutely
right and each time they've been raised
the Prime Minister whoever he or she may
be has pushed back and said has used the
security card Tony Blair said exactly
the same thing when there was a very
interesting serious Fraud Office
investigation into kickbacks that
British Aerospace were receiving for a
Saudi arms contract Margaret Thatcher
was in exactly the same position the
same deal as well it's a little bit of a
tradition and Teresa may also say we
played that clip in a moment ago where
she said that she perhaps hundreds of
British lives have been saved because
Saudi Arabia she said a similar line as
well it's very easy to say extremely
difficult to prove and they always do
the same thing no I mean the real
objection to what's going on is that a
reckless 32 year old with no experience
of diplomacy or government or even as
Minister of Defence is in charge of a
key Gulf state and nothing he's doing at
the moment seems to be going right
whether it's in Yemen whether it's his
austerity measures whether it's his
promises to build mega projects like
neon city its words and its images and
the problem with this is that Britain is
placing key parts of its industry such
as BAE key parts of its regional policy
such in an extremely free brown world at
the moment where it's every man for
himself on the shoulders of this man
should they is he really the economic
reformer that he's talking about is he
really the social reformer that he's
talking about I just come back from
Jordan where they are privately
off-the-record extremely worried by the
behavior of Saudi Arabia now Jordan is a
British military ally with historic ties
to Britain and you could say that it is
in the British interest that they be
calm and satisfied about what is
happening with their southern neighbor
as as we should be about Saudi Arabia
certainly we should have relations with
a future Saudi head of state whoever may
there be that is practical realpolitik
but to place so much so many of your
cards on the shoulders of this man I
think is dangerous for the British
national interest honest let me bring
you into that so if the answer to
address concerns about Mohammed bin
Salman and some of the choices he's made
and his age etcetera is not to isolate
him but rather to still engage him how
do you engage him in a way that can
actually make a difference I mean
Theresa May says that she did bring up
the issue of Yemen does anybody really
have any leverage with these types of
issues when when dealing with Saudi
Arabia well I'd like to think that if
we're supplying Saudi Arabia with arms
that are effectively killing thousands
of viennese and destroying the entire
nation then we do have some leverage i I
agree entirely with David's earlier
assertion that this trip is about
Britain doing trade particularly looking
at the post brexit era and Saudi Arabia
through Mohammed bin Salman who actually
carried out let's say a white coup
within the Saudi family looking for
legitimacy on the international stage so
I believe that there is trade to be done
but from our point of view trade
unconditionally is something which is
absolutely humble and its claims to
upholding democracy to upholding human
rights to defending liberties and the
such when actually is talking about an
ally that recognizes none of that
whatsoever
so I think that there is leverage to be
had i-i-i don't accept Teresa mais
assertion or claim that this
relationship has somehow saved so many
lives as she said what we do know for
sure that we have indirectly contributed
to what Saudi Arabia actually killing
thousands of innocent people in Yemen so
so I think there's there's much to be
said on that particular front Khalil if
the UK does have leverages is honest has
played it laid out a case that they that
they do and the US has leverage as well
why is the West always been so hesitant
to use that that basically reflects I
believe both political and moral
bankruptcy on the part of allies of
Saudi Arabia and in the West that are
always concerned about issues concerned
about developments in the country but
somehow afraid to assert their
leadership and to try to impact the
direction of future Saudi policy for
fear that it might impact their narrower
agenda the agenda that both my
colleagues just referred to I mean for
the US and in a similar fashion this is
basically it's the administration is
looking for dollars and cents
I mean it's looking for the future
implementation of the 300 plus billion
dollars a promise that they committed to
during mr. Trump's visit to Riyadh and
for this administration every billion
dollar is viewed in terms of jobs as
past the possibility of ten to fifteen
thousand manpower jobs in this country
so that's what's at stake in this second
I think an item that's rarely discussed
when when you talk about the visit and
the relationship between Riyadh and
Washington is the issue that there is
concern here by some not a lot but by
some within and outside the
administration about that change in
governance in in in Saudi Arabia what is
happening is the traditional I think
system of governance governing by
consensus is
changing to a system of governing by
hype and and that doesn't make if you
will
larger powers and in the West
comfortable they are looking for details
they are looking for substance they are
looking for something beyond just these
emotional symbolic crackdowns and and
and changes in allowing women to go to
the movies or to attend soccer games so
they want to see if you will get to know
the man in a more serious fashion but in
some ways Khalil I think it might be
fair to say that US president Donald
Trump's style is similar to Mohammed bin
Salman
style it's a lot about branding and not
necessarily a lot there when you dig
down in into the weeds but what does it
say that perhaps is that why his trip to
Saudi Arabia Donald Trump's trip to
Saudi Arabia went so well it didn't go
well at all actually when I was talking
about US interest and in this case in
their relationship I was talking about
the establishment if you will I wasn't
talking about the administration I'm not
sure this president really understands
the details or the value of the
relationship other than you know alluded
to and in dollars and cents and that's
why he made his biggest mistake you know
started he went to the region and
started the conflict between these
countries and he has spent the last few
months trying to basically rectify that
and resolve that conflict I'm talking
about wasting time it's amazing but
there are a lot of similarities the rash
personalities the lack of experience yes
I think both are in common
between this administration and the
regime now led by MBS David Khalil just
brought a topic that obviously what we
do need to get to that it was very very
soon after Donald Trump's trip to Saudi
Arabia that the blockade of Qatar
happened is there any reason to think
that once Mohammed bin Salman gets to
Washington DC that
Department and Donald Trump will be on
the same page - perhaps push him to do
something about this blockade the State
Department has had one consistent
position and Donald Trump's has been a
little bit all over the place but what
what do you expect to come out of that
well just to add to what Colleen said
and I think it was really important that
he talked about the moral bankruptcy of
the West because there's a really a
political crisis going on really in
Europe and America at the same time as
there is a series of crises in the
Middle East the other similarity between
between Muhammad bin Salman or or the
House of Saud as it is now wrong and the
Trump family it is two families running
two administrations it is almost like
with a sort of certification of
Washington that's taking place he has a
direct line bin Salman has a direct line
to Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner now
here again Hollywood will confirm this
Kushner's fate in the in the White House
is now getting is now less certain than
it was so all of these things are
enormous ly on unstable foundations on
which to build a relationship as far as
Qatar is concerned there's been very
little movement that I can tell
I think the prime mover and behind the
blockade on or on qatar has been the
Emirates and who Muhammad bin bin zayed
who has been really the mentor and tutor
of the 32 year old Crown Prince of Saudi
Arabia and as long as those two stay
together and as long as they see eye to
eye and I think there may be a time
there are possible that scenarios in
which they do split apart
I think the siege of Qatar will continue
and you will have such statements which
Mohammed bin Salman said just before he
came to London he said it in the company
of an Egyptian TV host that Turkey and
Iran formed a triangle of evil now
whatever you think of Turkey
you think of it avi Ron and I'm no
supporter of what Iran has been doing in
in in Syria its intervention also in
Yemen as well whatever you think of
these two countries this is the this is
the this is the primary Sunni country
and a primary shear country and you
would expect that as a future statement
Sara Statesman bin Salman would know
that he'd won they have to talk to
Turkey and Iran but this is how he
describes them so I don't see anything
changing unfortunately soon about Qatar
Qatar is very very much on its own it's
got great resources sure let's play
discards very very well but I would say
the siege for the blockade will continue
honest let me ask you about that when
you hear the the inflammatory language
that Mohammed bin Salman is used Donald
Trump has been known to use the same
inflammatory language what do you expect
to come out of the two of them meeting
with so many of the factors that that
David just described and you have
described the same thing as well about
this this pot of things that are all
going on in the Middle East right now
what do you think could possibly come
out of the meeting between Donald Trump
and Bob had been Salman and and could it
make things worse well I mean it does
seem that Mohammed bin Salman and Trump
are sort of kindred spirits in terms of
the you know their brashness their their
recklessness in a sense and also their
lack of strategic vision I I agree
entirely with with the description that
both Halil and David gave in terms of
till now we really can't tell exactly
what the American administration wants
and exactly where the establishment are
either State Department and its you know
the various think tanks that formulates
the the strategic vision of an outline
that kind of vision to America where
they stand in respect to you know
Trump's statements which tend to flip
from one side to another in a matter of
tweet so I you know
it might be that on the Saudi side they
will they will see a meeting between
Mohammed bin Salman and Trump as an
incredible PR scoop and therefore they
will regard that as essentially a
victory of quite enormous proportions to
someone whom in reality isn't
substantive it's about appearance from
the other side however I'm pretty sure
that the establishment as well as the
American nation will want results and
will want outcomes and how much Trump
can actually deliver on that in terms of
jobs or contracts or whatever remains to
be seen but what is also important and
eluding coming back to the region I mean
this whole thing about isolating Qatar
and the siege against Qatar I agree
absolutely that this is an MRT
oriented plan but what is absolutely
unacceptable is the fact that in a
region that is still up in flames
whether you look towards the north in
Syria which is again another
heartbreaking tragedy or whether we're
talking about Yemen and that's being
probably the worst humanitarian crisis
that the world is seeing today you have
Egypt's in Sinai a war that is going on
virtually as we speak although with very
little coverage Mohammed bin Salman now
is sort of spiking tensions threatening
either implicitly or sometimes
explicitly to military intervene against
the neighbor country in that very same
region to describe it as stupidity would
be to do the word and an incredible air
injustice the fact is that the Americans
need to really assess exactly what they
want to tell Mohammed bin Salman where
their strategic interests lie this is
not just about Mohammed bin Salman
touting himself and marketing himself as
a new monarch it's about whether the
region that is engulfed in flames
whether they be sectarian or otherwise
that region can find some sort of
resolution through
any kind of relations on that sort and
that will be the final word on us thank
you very much thank you to all of you
for joining me a David Hurst Khalil
Joshua and on assaults Akriti and thank
you for watching you can watch the
program again any time if you go to our
website it is aljazeera.com for for the
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Rochelle Carey
and the entire team bye for now
