another military operation in the
streets of new this is what poor
Brazilians in hundreds of slums or
favelas are going through day-in day-out
Luciana Regina says they're living in
fear I need to check if there are any
shootouts before I leave my home
sometimes I am not able to go to work
and the kids can't go to school it's not
safe
president Michel temer ordered thousands
of soldiers and military police to break
up organized crimes control of the
favelas since the military intervention
started in February more than 800 people
have been killed in confrontations with
security forces the military has been
doing operations in favelas like this
one for six months but human rights
organizations say there have been
changes but for the worst because the
number of shootings have increased by at
least 40 percent endangering civilians
even brazilians who live in protected
compounds are afraid
evn Ellen barges are ready to move to
Portugal with their 15 month-old
daughter
amor de Unamuno fish I have seen
robberies shootings dangerous situations
that I don't need to go through we live
in a garden area but I don't want to
live in this golden cage the Justice
Ministry says 21,000 resilience left the
country last year because of the
violence 17 of Brazil's major cities are
among the most dangerous in the world
experts say the government is taking the
wrong approach
Brazil chooses to combat the drug trade
with general repression and not by
investigating the criminal organizations
to track the money and the weapons the
violence has been growing since the
economic crisis hit the country four
years ago as a result 66 percent of
Brazilians favor security operations but
some say civilians in the slums are
getting the wrong message c2 Boyan Thank
You Gia if you position a tank in front
of the favela and send in thousands of
soldiers you are saying you are the
enemy whether their support or not we
think this is illegal it is wrong and
immoral
critics say military operations have
always been unsuccessful but until a new
president takes office in January they
will continue and for Brazilians we'll
have to live in the crossfire unable to
leave
Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera Rio de
Janeiro
