he's here with a message that the United
States still cares about Africa but US
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson story
is all about what African leaders
already know about the Trump
administration's approach to the
continent counterterrorism is top of the
agenda what human rights and democracy
take a box it
yes military presence here does
facilitate a very quick response to
terrorism and violent extremism that
threatens both of our countries but as
well it threatens the region and
stability in this region wherever that
threat may come from his toy is also
about pushing back at the perception
that Africa is not a priority for the US
especially after the lyric rhetoric
comments reportedly made by the
president about African countries in
January she listens to also comes at a
time that the US has been outflanked and
outspent by China which has provided
billions of dollars much of it in loans
for infrastructure projects which
African leaders have struggled to fund
themselves it's here in Djibouti host of
Camp Lemonnier America's largest and
most important military base in Africa
that the issue of Chinese influence is
most pressing for the u.s. home to about
4,000 personnel including special
operation forces Camp Lamoni acts as a
launch pad for US operations in Yemen
and Somalia but China has built a
military base just a few kilometers from
the Americans and there are concerns
that our port recently seized back by
Djibouti from its UAE run operators
could be hundred over to China a move
that could have consequences for US
military and intelligence assets in the
Horn of Africa
behind closed doors telethons warned
Djibouti that China was pushing it
deeper into death so it is manageable we
invested in a very strong and good
infrastructure and we hope that this
commercial infrastructure will be able
to help us pay back our debt so we are
not that worried but we have we keep an
eye on that America's military process
in Africa is expanding as its and
special forces and drones to help
governments in worst
and instant parts of Africa fight groups
such as Boko Haram on al-shabaab and so
is China's military role as it deploys
policemen and soldiers on peacekeeping
missions on the continent the US
military has now put counted in China
along with Russia at the center of its
national defense strategy Mohammed Al
Jazeera Djibouti
