for fishermen at sushi fujita the open
waters of the Tohoku Coast swelling
beneath a hazy blue sky or where he
earns his living pulling oysters from
the seabed but when he returns to the
shore the rolling hills of his home have
been obscured by high concrete walls I
feel like I'm working inside a fence it
feels like we're in jail even though we
haven't done anything bad in the 2011
earthquake and tsunami waves slammed
into coastal cities 2,000 people were
killed in at sushis hometown the
Fukushima nuclear reactor was swamped
leaking radiation into the surrounding
land and sea the original tsunami
barrier was just four meters high but
the waves just swept right over it now
Japan is building sea walls 15 metres
high they offer more protection but not
everyone thinks they're worth it I think
about 50 years ago we used to bring our
kids here and enjoy the beautiful ocean
and Bay Area while driving but there's
not even a trace of that left or do it
they were peasant luck to me the world I
don't think we need a seawall if we
could see the wave coming we could shout
run but because of the wall we can't see
anything many local authorities refused
to give planning permission for new
homes until the walls were built after
the construction of the seawall was
confirmed I was able to get permission
to rebuild my bed and breakfast that is
why I can't say things like the wall
should be lower or we don't need it it's
thanks to the wall that it could rebuild
and now I have a job and the oyster
fishing has improved because the tsunami
stirred up the sea beds some complained
tourism will be affected because the
walls obscure the views but others say
they're willing to pay that price for
protection from Mother Nature
Rob Matheson autozero
