it's been 15 years since the United
States and its allies invaded and
occupied Iraq millions of refugees and
hundreds of thousands of dead later some
supporters of the war still believe
there's nothing to apologize for
in an upfront special I'll challenge the
US military's former chief spokesman in
Iraq retired General Mark Kim it
mark commits thanks for joining me on
upfront
sure as Brigadier General you served as
a deputy director of operations and
chief US military spokesman in Iraq
after the invasion 15 years on from that
invasion and occupation of Iraq by the
US and its allies do you have any
regrets you have anything you want to
apologize for well you think the US
should apologize for well I don't think
so I was on the record as apologizing
for the Abu Ghraib problem the upper
grip situation obviously some of our
soldiers had screwed up there they
embarrassed the nation they embarrassed
our credibility inside of Iraq I
apologize for that but I think by and
large there is nothing to apologize for
nothing to apologize for so when the
u.s. invaded Iraq in 2003 in defiance of
international law no wmds found no
al-qaeda connections terror threat to
the u.s. increased thousands of people
tortured hundreds of thousands killed
millions displaced from their homes
Iran's influence increased in the region
ISIL born in Iraq several trillion
dollars burned through in the process
you don't think that requires any kind
of you know what we got some things
wrong well we certainly did get some
things wrong but that's what happens
unlike being in the media where you can
write a editorial saying I got it wrong
you don't get to do overs in history you
don't get to do over in these types of
events look I understand your point of
view you had that point of view since
2003 you're selecting your facts to
promote your thesis but I think that's
somewhat of an incomplete well plenty of
top US generals at the time the
opposition that I've read your article
from 2013 and that's exactly what you
said in 2013 and you're repeating it now
yeah okay so why do I quote to someone
else plenty of top US generals at the
time at the time let's forget do-overs
they warned Eric Shinseki former army
chief of staff Anthony Zinni former
CENTCOM commander even : Powell and
private former general secretary of
state at the time had their doubts about
the war but you didn't did you I mean
you still seem to be a true believer you
went to work for George W Bush after
retiring from the military so you well
let's be very clear I was in Europe when
the invasion won off
I had no influence on the decisions that
were made but like good soldiers when I
was assigned to Iraq
I did my job and that's exactly what did
you mean that's exactly what five
hundred thousand other soldiers did as
well I'm just wondering did you have
your doubts at the time I'm not sure
there's ever been a soldier that's gone
into a war or gone into battle that
hasn't had some doubts countless
inquiries in the UK in the u.s. I've
said intelligence wasn't just wrong it
was heavily leaned on politicized
selected cherry-picked to use an
argument you were using about my
arguments it wasn't just an innocent
error going into our I don't think you
can get every nation in the world that
satellites in the situation to
selectively cherry-pick intelligence
there's always an outlier that will
majority the world were opposed to the
Iraq invasion so obvious is they they
interpret the intelligence very
differently they certainly didn't vote
that way in the UN they didn't they
didn't vote that way in the um did you
get a UN resolution to support war is in
violation of the international law one
of the things I said earlier did in fact
the Security Council meet and opposed
the war did the UN Security Council
approve the wall you didn't answer my
question because I'm not here to answer
your question I'm not answer my
questions that's very odd very odd thing
to say an interview nothing dear-dear he
were selectively choosing selectively
anything you say it's a later video let
me ask the question you answer then ask
me one did the United Nations Security
Council approve the war in Iraq Kofi
Annan said it was a violation of
international law no they didn't but at
the same time 11:41 gave a lot of reason
for the war to occur would we like to do
a do-over of course we would would we
have done it differently of course would
you've done it old is the question
what's that's what I'm wondering well
let's take a look at Syria today the
conditions are very very much the same
authoritarian leader he is leading a
group that is minority inside the
country heavily oppressed his people and
look what's happening there you talked
in 2014 about the greatest disaster 2013
about the greatest disaster and refugee
flow and humanitarian problem inside the
Middle East and Syria's worst answer is
worse and Iraq's number two and the
United States is responsible for that
series it's pretty bad the two worst
refugee crisis were caused by Assad in
the US government it's not great company
to be in is it no it's certainly it's
not
but the facts in the reasons are
different do you believe that Saddam if
still in power would be running sort of
some Mesopotamian holiday spa of course
not he would be oppressing his people
the Arab Spring would have reached his
total war on a counterfactual you can't
say we we've gone in and we're
responsible for tens of thousands of
deaths millions of refugees but you know
what have we not gone it would have been
worse we don't know that doing we what
we do know is we many people died as a
result of an illegal we deny go into the
war on a counterfactual every
intelligence service in the world
particularly in the wake of 9/11 which I
think you discount completely believed
that there was a weapons of mass
destruction threat if we had not
believed that as a government if we had
not believed that as a nation if we had
not believed that its military we
wouldn't have gone and having now
knowing what you know now would you go
in again Jeb Bush for example it said of
course we would not have but you don't
get to do that Mehdi that that's the
privilege like the media you don't get
to go back and do it again but you do
get to say I'm sorry we got it wrong we
shouldn't have done it
we got you're not willing to say we got
it wrong okay so you do think I'm what
don't Lords month that's what I don't do
so I'm checking what switch video saying
it was wrong we didn't have the facts
then that we have now of course we would
have enjoyed having the facts then we
wouldn't have done it that way we may
have done it a different way and yet
other countries have the same effects
and didn't back your invasion in such a
case such as France Germany Russia China
did the German intelligence service does
not have the same intelligence as you
they did but that was a political
decision not an intelligence but a
political decision England went in there
seventeen nations and the Chilcott
inquiry the official investigation
general war lambasted the British
government for its how it used
intelligence and how it how it legal or
illegal it so what you're suggesting is
that there was a conspiracy of almost
every intelligence service in the world
to politicize no I'm saying there was
definitely a conspiracy by members of
the Bush administration to lean on those
facts politicize those facts cherry-pick
those facts and present a false case
full I mean why did you then why did
your country with all into that as well
was on board okay and and the other
countries were on board as well which
other countries name how many countries
supported the war in Iraq there 198
countries in the world seventeen
countries alongside countries America
leaned on the only major countries were
Australia Britain the United States of
America I mean capital on one hand okay
so the idea that this is the majority of
the world polling wise was against the
war the majority of the world didn't
support the war at the United Nations in
any shape or form were objected to it
but just what I viewed I think you know
the biggest protest we saw at the time
in the US have you forgotten the
millions of people on the street so
there weren't known as people on the
streets so let's there were millions of
people on the stairs suggesting that
there was a there were millions of
people who said in the United States no
it's fine let me clarify now millions of
people around the world protested
against the war okay but let me ask you
this question tell me you of an event
ever where poll testing suggested it was
time to go to war okay I'm sure there
are many wars have had popular support
but a morning o popular support once
they were kicked off okay before the war
nobody wants to go to war nobody I
didn't want to go to war none of my
soldiers wanted to be there but we had a
job lots of people didn't want to go to
war dick cheney george w bush tony blair
let's just talk about your view of iraq
at the time and since there was some of
my argue that you've never really wanted
to accept how bad the situation in iraq
is even at the time when you were a
spokesman back in 2004 when images were
being shown on news channels of iraqi
civilians being killed by US forces you
famously advised people to quote change
the channel but the facts are the facts
thousands of people did lose their lives
in Iraq continued to die today you can't
just look away you can't just change the
channel when confronted with that well
it was odd that in fact it was your
channel that asked the question showed
the pictures which later turned out to
be false to suggest that American
soldiers were going out there to
intentionally Massacre civilians I find
reprehensible you don't think the US
soldiers carried out massacres of
civilians there on I don't what was the
Haditha massacre what was the
muhammediye massacre what was the
Ballard massacre women raped I having a
shot I have no idea what you're talking
about I think you're inventing
situations are you telling me that 24
people unarmed Iraqi civilian men women
and children were not killed in Haditha
some of them are shot multiple times at
close range that did
happen in November 2005 you believe it
that happened there was never an
investigation done on that so so all the
journalists all the Human Rights Watch
experts all the all the people have
looked at these massacres in Ballard in
Madea for dead civilian family following
the gang rape of what you know that's
what made up in hell do you I'm not
saying it was made up I'm saying those
situations happen were they done by
Americans were they done by Merrill for
goodness sakes when US soldiers were
charged in muhammediye with those
killings what's your response to that my
response is five soldiers may have been
alleged to have committed those
atrocities if you're convicted by a
civilian court how are you alleged to
have done that I'm confused
it's a very weird say in American courts
convicted those far yes five soldiers
you're not aware of that I'm currently
not aware of it and I don't think many
people are aware of that but let's get
let's get back because what you're
saying is you're taking a specific
incident three different incident three
different incidents and in trying to
indict the entire American military and
by the way not indict the whole American
nation no no sorry with respect you
don't speak for the entire American
nation we just and nor do you and I
never claimed to and nor deny no way to
imprison or do you accuse the entire
American nation I'm glad we agree
I've known accuse anyone of anything I
was responding to your specific rather
bizarre claim that the Americans haven't
killed anyone in Iraq intentionally no
civilians when there is evidence that
they have plenty of it over 15 years
you're suggesting that Americans
routinely in your argument will read
your own 2013 article okay I don't know
we were here to talk about my 2013 I'm
here to ask you simple questions and
you're having struggling when I asked
you them I'm not struggling I am going
back to the simple thesis that you can't
faria
you've been opposed to the Iraq you my
have indeed and what you are now doing
is you're on someone questions is it
because I'm asking very simple did the
American soul just kill intentionally
you say no I give you evidence you say
I'm not aware of that evidence then you
quote my article to me that's a very odd
way of again I'm not challenging your
facts I'm challenging your intention for
asking these specific Monteith's we have
an interview with the guest I have them
every week but right now let's talk
about what you said so for example you
said at the time changes Channel
I'm saying okay you can't really do that
when people are dying Fallujah let's
talk about Fallujah let's talk about
fluid showcase in Fallujah how many
civilians were killed in Fallujah do you
think by the US forces and 1,004 have no
idea why you should tell me I mean if
you should tell me you were in charge of
the US military who was doing the
killing I wasn't in charge of the US
military okay a senior commander doing
the killer in there okay okay I agree so
how many people don't in Fallujah how
many people died in combat inside a
Fallujah civilians were killed by US
forces in Fallujah intentionally no
that's not what I asked how many total
would were killed I don't know do you
care I certainly care everybody loss of
a civilian life teen years to five every
loss of a civilian life is a tragedy I
accept that
everyone's a tragedy I'm saying how many
you can dine in Fallujah I don't know
but why not that's a bizarre thing you
go to war you bomb a city you don't
bother to find out how many people you
killed intentionally or unintentionally
we got out of the body-count business
years ago the numbers while relevant are
not something that we quote nor do we
keep in our back pocket different
studies show suggests between eight
hundred maybe more civilians were killed
in 2004 in the two attacks on Fallujah
against insurgents by the US military
sorry well we don't know intentional and
there was documented killings by
journalists on the ground I will tell
you right now that it is unfortunate
every time a civilian is caught in the
middle of a crossfire collateral damage
our soldiers go to extensive extensive
manner to try to avoid that but there
hasn't been a clean war in the history
of warfare a senior British Army officer
at the time told the Telegraph newspaper
which is a pro wallpaper in the UK my
view in the view of the British chain of
command is that the Americans use of
violence is not proportionate and over
response to the threat they're facing
they don't see the Iraqi people the way
we see them they view them as to mention
subhumans the Nazi language they're not
concerned about Iraqi loss of life
Allied office is saying I can find a
hundred officers that would speed that
again you're cherry-picking the facts
it is certainly potent oh I could
probably get a thousand army officers to
challenge that saying what time that the
Americans went extraordinarily
took extraordinary
making it up what is his agenda an
opinion but he probably was never in a
tactical operation center watching a
strike
by Apaches or by aircraft and watch them
get waved off because we were concerned
about civility still end up killing
several hundred civilians flattening the
city I mean people who went to Fallujah
saw the destruction that was done boy I
have no doubt of that I I mean I I saw
it as well and that is unfortunate in
many ways it is well it's
extraordinarily sad for how it affects
the civilians but but telling them
against Americans but this is war this
is the words that symbols and we
followed those rules did we
intentionally attack civilian targets no
but you are aware that under the laws of
war even without intentionally targeting
if the attacks are disproportionate in
huge numbers of people died
quote/unquote collateral damage that's a
problem too you can't always fall back
on we didn't mean it
we didn't mean to kill 10,000 people or
whatever it is you would accept that
right again you can't I will repeat you
we followed the rules of engagement we
went to extraordinary lengths to avoid
collateral damage and you still ended up
killing so many people and we ended up
unfortunately
killing people that we would not have
intentionally killed have we known that
they were either there or that no it is
not the business of the American
military to kill civilians full stop
well as we discussed earlier there are
plenty of examples where that has
happened you guys usually you guys used
allegedly used white phosphorus and
depleted uranium weapons against not
just military targets but civilian
targets which is denied by the US
military to be fair but what do you say
it is absolutely no you didn't use it I
don't mean the American military
admitted to using against civilians I
think you could say civilians you're
exactly right yes we did not
intentionally use one phosphorus and yet
what do you say to the fact that plenty
of studies since 2004 show quote
dramatic increases in infant mortality
cancer leukemia in the city of Fallujah
they linked rates of miscarriages and
disabilities and children born in
Fallujah to us monitor military
operations I I don't know has there been
an epic and PDM illogical I can't
pronounce awardees done in The Bulletin
of environmental contamination and
toxicology in November 2012
found unusual numbers of birth defects
surfacing in the city a study carried
out by professor Alistair hay at Leeds
University said the studies are
extraordinary there's been a five-fold
increase in birth defects in fallujah is
that something is that something is that
something you feel you'd want to know
more about Lili sad about your response
I feel extraordinarily sad about that
but you don't take responsibility for it
what I take responsibility for is
certainly knowing that ethically morally
it hurts when we kill civilians
we certainly don't do it intentionally
that's the cost of war and what you try
to do in war is achieve victory okay at
the smallest cost so let's do this thing
casually smallest cost of civilian
characters it's not just Fallujah okay
in 2004 in May the u.s. bombed a wedding
party killing more than 40 Iraqi
civilians the mckerrod Eve massacre has
been referred to by many Iraqis you on
behalf of the US military took to the
podium and said quote there was no
evidence of a wedding there may have
been some kind of celebration bad people
have celebrations too and yet the
Associated Press straight after got
video footage proving that it was a
wedding and those were innocent people
again you're talking about ex post in
our priori a priori the intelligence was
very clear that there were known
insurgents at that location and that
because of that they gave within the
rules of engagement the authority and in
many ways the responsibility to attack
that target ex post I'm not sure what
was found out at the time I made that
statement we had absolutely no evidence
that there was a wedding party if it had
been determined after that that there
was a wedding party again that is what
we'll have celebrations to is a very
flippant response to 42 dead including
14 11 women and 14 children at that time
there was no evidence of 42 people dead
and when you found out 42 people are
dead general mattis now defense
secretary then a commander on the ground
said bad things happen in war I don't
have to apologize for the conduct of my
men
you understand why so many Iraqis were
so antagonized by the u.s. presence when
that was the kind of attitude towards
innocent deaths yes
do you regret making those remarks the
kind of remarks you and general mattis
made I have no regrets of the remarks
I'm
no you think mattis's remarks are a
mistake I'm not here to talk for general
mattis so then what are you regretting
I'm confuse you're not regarding your I
said I regretted my own comments when
they in factual in fact were seen as
flippant and after the fact if they were
seen as wrong I certainly regret that it
wasn't the only comment you made that
upset a lot of people when asked by an
Iraqi journalist at a press conference
in February Oh for why US helicopters
were mounting night raids flying so low
to the ground
terrifying Iraqi children you replied
quote what we would tell the children of
Iraq is that the noise day here is the
sound of freedom mmm and again you're
taken out of context my wife taught
school inside of military schools for
decades and that's exactly what she told
her children when they had on to what it
doesn't make it right that a teacher
will console her children when artillery
fire is going near that location
consultum by saying don't worry you'll
be fine
that's the sound of freedom from
American occupy again if you read the
quote that's where I said my wife said
but is it correct to have said that
either you or her it certainly worked in
the case of the children that she taught
do you really think Iraqi children
across the country many of whom suffer
now from mental disorders PTSD do you
really think they were thinking that was
a sound of freedom when they were
getting bombed what they thought of what
they didn't think at the time of me
making that comment it was poor choice
of words
however it had been taken out of context
both in terms of how that was just read
and I took it out of context I projected
what my wife was saying to children
which calm them half a world away but
you can see how that looked kind of
indifferent and offensive to a
generation of children who've been
scarred by a war calls insulted by your
country well I don't think that there
are too many people and children scarred
by that one comment
nobody comment but by the night raids by
the bombing that you were defending in
your role as chief minook I think every
child that is in the middle of a war
zone is affected by that yes yeah I mean
Iraqi children entire generation now
have grown up in a war zone I think
something like what five presidents
George Bush Senior Bill Clinton George
Bush jr. Barack Obama now Donald Trump
have all bombed Iraq five presidents
running this one country has taken a lot
of
children let's go back to the children
you were there last one I want to go
did you see children walking around
shaking from the sound of bombs going
off not in the part of Iraq I was in nor
I okay but I also met dozens of orphans
thousands of Iraqi children we made
orphan
there are studies showing that one in
ten Iraqi kids in Mosul PTSD Conn you're
not questioning the toll you yourself
say the war zone is bad it's a war that
you guys started I am NOT suggesting for
a moment that war is not bad now I'm not
suggesting for a moment that war doesn't
kill people I'm not suggesting for a
moment that war doesn't sometimes kill
innocent civilians that's the price of
war so as a soldier what you do is try
to minimize that at all cost and but
anybody that believes that collateral
damage doesn't happen at war is living
in a fool's paradise 80% of 18 to 24
other Iraqis in a poll not long ago said
that they believe the Americans are an
enemy that's an entire generation of
young people Rock who grown up they're
not fans of what you and your colleagues
achieved I agree why do you think that
is do you I think we've been talking
about for the last half hour if we
didn't believe that we wouldn't be
having this conversation so when you
were there in Iraq and you were watching
New York fellow soldiers locking up
people who some of you some of whom you
believed with security threats and
putting them not just in Abu Ghraib but
can't Booker and champ cropper and all
the faces did you think at the time did
you imagine that you know what we're
laying the groundwork for ISIL you know
I did what did you say at the time what
did you say to your colleagues you you
you actually predicted that this would
happen I didn't predict it I was worried
about it I was worried at the time that
the mass incarceration of what the
troops on the ground believed to be
security threats would come back to
haunt us yes and yet you said I told
that to my colleagues and I told that to
my superiors so knowing thinking that
then and knowing what we know now you
still start to dis interview saying we
don't have anything to apologize I don't
think we do have anything to apologize
helping give the world ISIL well first
of all let's make sure we understand
ISIL was not created inside of Iraq
where was it created well they started
out primarily inside of Syria al Qaeda
if you're suggesting that all tight
nozzles they start in Iraq and move to
Syria we can have that disagreement
okay Sarkar we didn't start in Syria did
how a precursor to ISIL that happened on
your watch and actually in Iran Noah's
Ark how we started inside of a Jordanian
prison yeah I agree with that
but you're all I'm saying is yourself
for accepting the link between the Iraq
war and ISIL that's one of the legacies
of Harare suggesting that the legacy of
Iraq is that it created Islamic
extremism I'm saying the legacy of Iraq
is it did help give the world ISIL yes
there was no ISIL prior to 2003 you can
put a name on it the question is simple
did the Iraq war which many people
believe start the rise of extreme
accessor baited and heightened I think
you would agree most intelligence
agencies in the world you love to quote
intelligence agree that Iraq increased
the terror threat to the world to the
region to the US I think it was yeah
I'll I'll stipulate that sure okay last
question last December following the
recapture one of the last remaining ISIL
held towns in Iraq the country's prime
minister haider Abadi said the end of
the war announced the end of the war
against ISIL back in August 2015 there
general Odierno who was the US Army
commander on the ground he warned that
we could go into Iraq with a certain
amount of American forces we could
probably defeat ISIL the problem would
be we'll be right back where we are six
months later do you think that still
holds true today well first of all he
wasn't the commander of 2015 he was
commander of 25 however you brought up a
very good point which is why the United
States took a new strategy after the
rise of ISIL rather than having the
American troops those boots on the
ground doing the fighting we went into a
training advising and assisting role
who's been killing ISIL inside of Iraq
proudly I can say it's been the Iraqi
military it's been the Iraqi Federal
Police it's been the Iraqi
counterterrorism service and I believe
that by killing ISIL and by conducting
operations place such as Mosul we are
not creating that antagonism which we
did the first time mount commit thanks
for joining me on upfront thanks for
having me thank you
you
