it's an all-women can why dozens of
buses carrying women activists have been
on the roads for two days from Istanbul
to hot side on the turkey-syria border
the organizers of the so-called
conscious convoy want to remind the
world of Syria's forgotten women who
have suffered dire conditions in Syrian
regime prisons and been tortured since
the war began in 2011 low oedema Musa
says their conditions violate not only
international law but also Syrian law
absolutely no rights and a lot of times
the the families have some sort of idea
where they are but for the most part
they don't know which security branch
they're imprisoned in or which present
and for many they are forcibly
disappeared which means we don't even
know if they're actually detained in a
prison or they've been taken hostage
according to the organizers of the
convoy more than 6,700 women are
currently in jail at these five hundred
thousand people have lost their lives in
Syria during the seven-year conflict the
british-based Syrian Observatory for
Human Rights says more than nine
thousand were women and at least ten
thousand were children thirty
one-year-old neural hijazi was tortured
for several weeks the police in Damascus
arrested her because she was an activist
in 2012 she's one of the convoys leaders
fan anthem
I have been repeatedly beaten during
interrogations they did everything
including electrocution they also
humiliated us and tortured us the worst
moment was when the officer ordered
other soldiers to rape me if I don't
talk for me that was always the threat
for some other girls they weren't so
lucky women in this convoy are from
different religious and ethnic groups
they aim to create international
awareness about the violations and
crimes committed against women in Syrian
prisons it is the least they can do on
an International Women's Day for them
and for their children
no one here is expecting President
Bashar Assad to be watching but what
they are demanding is that the
international community puts more
pressure on his government to act at the
doorstep of Syria these women call out
to those in prison beyond the border we
are coming to save you see namco solo al
jazeera Istanbul
