it was a night that traumatized Mexico
exactly fifty years ago
mainly student protesters gathered in
clatter local square to challenge an
authoritarian regime then the
unthinkable the army trapped them and
snipers mowed them down it's marked the
country ever since Felix Hernandez was
there Robitaille Rada sapatos theodicy
civilian cuerpos there were clothes and
shoes strewn about bodies lying there
we didn't know if they were dead or
wounded shortly after army trucks came
to take them away and clean up with
high-pressure hoses now on the half
century anniversary of the massacre the
government has admitted for the first
time that what happened at flatter loco
was a state crime para compartir this
document explicitly recognizes the
victims were attacked slandered some
killed others disappeared detained and
tortured it's a bigger mission
successive administrations have hidden
the truth about threatened loco
despite that over time the massacre has
seared itself into the country's
conscience just to put it into
perspective Pratolungo is about as
important in Mexico as Tiananmen Square
in China it marked the point when the
all-powerful pre-party which ruled
Mexico for much of the 20th century was
defied as never before and in the
parties reaction to that defiance it
also marked the point in which many
Mexicans which before had seen the party
as a benevolent dictatorship instead
started to view it as a violent tyranny
Velux believes the protest movement
sowed the seeds for Mexico's eventual
transition to democracy it gives some
sense to his personal sacrifice 3 that
they knew like email that said of Esau I
was arrested in the building next to the
square and spent almost three years in
jail here many friends of mine died
others wounded and others disappeared
it's a very painful story
the country has new problems now record
levels of violence tens of thousands
have disappeared some of the old ones
also remain impunity and corruption the
example of the students of Plateau Lanka
continues to inspire those demanding
change we owe them for joining together
for their bravery in confronting the
government and demanding answers
it's a hard-won legacy that continues to
resonate 50 years on John Holman
al-jazeera Mexico City just
