for five years
Ashraf has been a driver for the Saudi
Arabian embassy nine months ago he lost
his job the embassy is one of several
which shut their doors in Doha when
countries cut diplomatic relations and
imposed a blockade on Qatar last June
Ashraf like many other embassy staff who
aren't diplomats is sponsored by his
employer that means he can't leave Qatar
or work for anyone else unless his
employer agrees and his employer has
left the country tonight it's been very
tense I spent all my savings on my
daughter's wedding in India and then I
came back and lost my job I can't earn
money I need to get my sponsorship
changed so I can work but I don't know
how Saudi Arabia and other countries
including the United Arab Emirates and
Egypt cut ties with Qatar accusing it of
supporting terrorism which cut early
leaders vehemently deny this man also
used to work at an embassy which is now
shut he didn't want to be identified the
closing of the embassy affected me I
can't change work because the embassy
has closed there are no officials to
sign my papers and now I want to work
somewhere else but I can't I don't know
what the future will be for the last
nine months embassy staff have been
coming to Qatar's human rights
department they've made statements
hoping that the Qatari government will
help to release them from sponsorship
agreements with their embassies most of
the people we've spoken to said they
only came here for help today because
they thought the blockade was going to
be over by now but it's been nine months
some of them haven't been paid since
June of last year
others were told are living in the
embassies where they used to work now
the Qatari government says it is willing
to help them but there's a limit to what
it can do if it doesn't have permission
from the embassies for the people here
the most important thing is to win their
freedom cause these people who belong to
countries which aren't blockading us
they've come to try to get justice we're
able to protect them and we're trying to
solve their problems
some like these mauritania netting
support from cattle charities and blame
their own governments the Mauritanian
government has taken an incorrect step
that has harmed its people this is a
gulf dispute and we have nothing to do
with it the stranded embassy staff
including Ashraf have to wait to see if
they'll be allowed to restart their
lives
Rob Matheson al Jazeera
