in Florida's state capitol buildings
student staged a die-in this was a
last-ditch effort to persuade Florida's
politicians to ban assault rifles and
not armed school staff on the chamber
floor emotions ran high representative
Jared Moskovitz is from parkland where
17 people were killed you don't need to
stand with me I don't need you to stand
with me I need you to stand with the
families push the green button the bill
bans bumped stocks raises the minimum
age to buy a rifle to 21 and imposes a
three day waiting period for all gun
sales such measures were unthinkable in
a republican-controlled legislature
before the Parkland school shooting
controversially the bill proposes that
some teachers and school staff who carry
out the required training can now carry
firearms the concept is to for those
schools and those communities that opt
to do this as they have in Texas and
ever as they have in polk county and
other places around the country to have
people who are expert in in being able
to defend and having lots and lots of
training in order to do so in parkland
students return for their first full day
since their classmates and teachers were
killed the alleged shooter Nicholas Cruz
was formally charged with 17 murders but
for many the proposals don't go far
enough we wait to see what happens in
Angie gallo is the legislative chair for
Florida's parents teachers association
and says the bill potentially puts
children's lives at risk we lost you
know 17 in parkland 17 people we should
never have lost we lost 49 Impulse that
we shouldn't have lost and we didn't act
after that we've had that mass shooting
in las vegas we've seen too much carnage
and I think we'll continue to see unless
we come up with some common sense gun
laws the bill also provides almost 400
million dollars in funding for increased
security in schools mental health
counseling and child welfare
investigations the bill will now go to
Florida's Governor Rick Scott if he
signs it the proposals will become law
within 15 days for the survivors of the
partland school shooting there's a
grudging acceptance that this is a step
in the right direction but ultimately
they're disappointed that assault right
weren't banned and that some teachers
will be armed and a Gallic are
al-jazeera Tallahassee Florida
