the US stock market did not respond well
to news Donald Trump's top economic
advisor is leaving
it opened rattled over fears of losing
Gary cones moderating influence in the
White House Kohn was the chief architect
of Trump's business friendly tax cuts
but investors are nervous about the
president's protectionist tariffs
planned for foreign aluminum and steel
at a meeting of the World Trade
Organization America's trade partners
expressed displeasure the European Union
has also announced plans to retaliate
with tariffs on products like American
tobacco and orange juice
if Trump follows through with his
threats if it does happen we would have
to take measures to protect to European
jobs and workers thank you very much at
a White House press conference on
Tuesday with Sweden's prime minister
Trump was undeterred and lashed back at
the EU threats the European Union has
been particularly tough on the United
States they make it almost impossible
for us to do business with them and yet
they send their cars and everything else
back into the United States and they can
do whatever they'd like but if they do
that then we put a big tax of 25% on
their cars and believe me they won't be
doing it very long the position of
trumps Commerce Secretary who clashed
with Cohn trade policies with the EU are
out of date concessions made to rebuild
a post-war Europe don't make sense in
the context of a strong modern European
economy concessions that were perfectly
reasonable to make to Germany in 1945 or
China in 1945 don't make sense anymore
those are now very mature big strong
economies on Wednesday on social media
Trump continued to deflect fears of a
global trade war arguing the u.s. has
lost more than 55,000 factories six
million manufacturing jobs and
accumulated trade deficits of more than
12 trillion dollars the White House says
Donald Trump will make his announcement
on steel and aluminum tariffs official
by the end of the week just in time for
a planned visit this weekend to the US
state of Pennsylvania
it is a key steel manufacturing state
Trump won in 2016 and that Republicans
need to win again in this year's
congressional elections
Kimberly Hellcat al-jazeera Washington
