it is the first day of school in the
area of coral Kingdom Buenos Aires it is
one of the poorest areas in the province
with a population of 80,000 people
maryam el derecho has been fighting for
years for the government to open up a
school here now what seemed impossible
has come true and that's why she has
come to pick up her daughter after class
we had nice goal here and we had to send
our kids very far away now at least we
have this school but when it rains
there's no class because the area is
filled with mud the school is built out
of containers which allows the children
to attend class but in spite of efforts
to get these children into a classroom
many have lost years of study some have
yet to learn how to read and write this
is an example of how difficult access to
education is in some of our gen tina's
poorest areas there's over 600 children
studying in these containers and there
is a very long waiting list people here
tell us that they're hoping the
government will complete the project and
build a proper school Sol matina Perona
has been helping children in this
community have an education Mauricio's
these are areas with a lack of basic
services that have poor schools with
teachers on very low salaries who find
it a challenge to reach them studying is
an odyssey and we are talking of a basic
right that every child deserves
education is at the center of the debate
in Argentina as teachers have gone on
strike once again they are demanding an
increase in their salaries because of
inflation they have been taken to the
streets in the last few days
we are here defending public schools
it's not only our salaries we're worried
about the government has lowered the
education budget they're demanding
things from us that they don't give us
the government says the teachers demands
are orchestrated by the opposition but
in the middle are millions of children
who are caught in the fight
Argentina has the shortest school years
in the world including holidays and
strikes so the consequences are obvious
middle class children are more
knowledgeable than those in poor areas
that attend public schools the school
system reproduces inequality from the
very beginning and that's evident in
places like what I am doing when Osiris
better schools are the only way this
children have to find a better life
terasawa al Jazeera Buenos Aires
