Chief Justice Supreme Court Chief
Justice led disarray no was the first
woman to ever lead the country's
judiciary in 2012 she was appointed as
the new chief justice of former
President Benigno Aquino just a few
months after her predecessor was removed
from office after being convicted in an
impeachment trial her supporters say it
has always been a hostile Court she
joined a group of Supreme Court justices
who were appointees of former President
Gloria macapagal-arroyo a known
political rival of Aquino everyone has
to be conscious of the institution that
we are all trying to pursue and that is
the judiciary among the accusations
against Serrano is the non-disclosure of
some of her earnings and she is also
accused of taking unilateral actions
which were not sanctioned by other
Supreme Court justices but her counsels
say these are baseless accusations and
are non impeachable offenses under the
constitution president Butyrka denies he
is behind the move to oust Serrano but a
few months ago
Duterte challenged Serrano and another
government official Ombudsman Conchita
carpio Morales to resign Morales leads
an independent agency that investigates
corrupt government officials many here
say that efforts to remove them may be
part of a plan to intimidate the
judiciary
so the cartel can wield more control as
early as 2015
then Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte
already mentioned his plan for a
revolutionary government he would
padlock Congress and the judiciary
through extra constitutional means they
wrote to be resistance we are after all
a democracy and as best we can despite
the challenges we are doing what we can
to be able to step up and act as a check
and a balance on a overarching
overreaching executive department it is
not the first time that a government
official has been subjected to
such proceedings under Duterte doTERRA
test on chest critic senator lila de
lima is accused of protecting the
illegal drug street she is now under
police detention
