Mohammed bin Salman started off his UK
trip with a visit to the Queen who
hosted the young prince at Buckingham
Palace a sign of just how eager the UK
is to bolster its ties with the Saudi
Kingdom children from the Saudi old King
Fahad Academy were bused in to cheer on
the Crown Prince a continuation of the
massive PR campaign that included huge
adverts of cross London announcing bin
Salman visits human rights groups
however chose to focus on children by
highlighting the killing of thousands in
Yemen by the Saudi military an army
under the direct command of MBS as he's
known but 11 million children in Yemen
who are dependent on humanitarian aid
that's the entire population of Belgium
this is the world's worst humanitarian
disaster so for all the trade deals for
all the niceties we have to remember
that Saudi Arabia is a key player in
this conflict the crown prince's visits
is a very controversial one in
Parliament the leader of the main
opposition party term you Corbyn
questioned the Prime Minister on what
message he would be conveying to
Mohammed bin Salman tomorrow is
International Women's Day a chance to
both celebrate how far we've come on
equality for women but also to reflect
on how far we have to go not just in
this country but around the world
later today mr. speaker the Prime
Minister is due to meet Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman as she makes her arm
sales pitch will she also call on the
Crown Prince to halt the shocking abuse
of human rights in Saudi Arabia her
response the link that we have with
Saudi Arabia is historic it is an
important one and it is saved it has
saved the lives of potentially hundreds
of people
and I will be raising concerns about
human rights with the crown prince when
I meet him can I just say as the right
honourable gentleman started on the
issue of International Women's Day I
welcome the fact that the crown prince
will be sitting down with as the guest
of a female prime minister to build on
that relationship the Prime Minister
left Parliament to meet with MPs at
Downing Street Prince Mohammed when will
you stop bombing innocent civilians in
your mana when will you stop killing
innocent civilians in your membranes but
I met as you can see this trip is not
just a high-profile one but it's also a
very controlled trip with the both the
British government and the Saudis not
wanting to have clear access there is no
press conference that took place this is
the closest we've had to access to the
Crown Prince and a big reason behind
that is the widespread opposition and
criticism that has been accompanying
this trip
part of that opposition was demonstrated
in this protest outside Downing Street
organizers here say the UK government
should not be turning a blind eye to
Saudi human rights abuses no matter how
much the crown prince pledges to invest
they want their politicians to demand
real change in reform in Saudi Arabia
and not to cheer on what they consider
to be propaganda aimed at polishing the
image of a man who's locked up many of
his political opponents jamal al al
jazeera
london
