it's the 8th opening of Parliament the
third under his presidency it comes at a
time of pressure as well as increased
hopes for peace but acts Hrothgar knees
popularity rating is at its lowest since
taking office three years ago in a
recent survey more than half of Afghans
said they were dissatisfied with him and
the government ghani's accused of
breaking election promises unemployment
has increased so has poppy cultivation
people are less well-off
and it's argued that the country is more
divided than when he was elected there's
also been a mixed reaction to his
surprising offer to the Taliban last
week of peace talks without precondition
his offer welcomed by the international
community but not by all Afghans people
of Afghanistan who suffered should be
consulted should should know that they
are part of the process the Taliban has
been using suicide bombings to
devastating effect especially in Kabul
attacks included the killing of more
than a hundred people when an ambulance
was blown up Dalit Begum's 26 year old
son Juma was killed in that attack in
January whoever has blood on their hands
cannot come and negotiate peace they
should be held accountable enough blood
has been shed there are tens of
thousands of people who have lost loved
ones at the hands of the Taliban not all
are ready to forgive for peace at any
cost and not all a happy with what his
government has achieved by Diaz madam
people have been expecting much more not
even 1% of those expectations have been
met and the Taliban has taken more towns
and territory it's almost a case of
heads they win tails I lose for Ghani
pressure is building internally and from
international allies being president of
Afghanistan requires a delicate
balancing act obviously you cannot make
everybody happy
especially when you have so many parties
involved internally and externally into
the African conflict but looking at the
African situation I think this is the
best of an asan has got when we speak
about alternatives we really don't have
one at the moment the next presidential
election isn't due for two years but
hopes of building that before
then all parties including the Taliban
will have come to the negotiating table
it's not just about peace most people
here believe that will come eventually
it's more about what that peace will
cost in terms of concessions how they
can heal the wounds of this terrible
conflict and how Afghanistan can achieve
true reconciliation
Tony Bertie al Jazeera Kabul
