it's not just an Eastern goethe were
fighting scars the city in landscape
north of Ephraim the city and free army
backed by the Turks continued operations
there the intention to take the mountain
near the city a strategic military
target all the villages and towns
controlled by the Kurdish people's
protection units are very strategic for
us we need to clean up this whole area
of these terrorists who want Syria to be
divided Syria must always be united and
unified with the help of Allah Almighty
and the heroes of the Free Syrian Army
the fighting in and around our friend
provides a snapshot of how complicated
the civil war in Syria has become the
YPG the Kurdish militia enjoys American
support when they're taking on ISIL in
other parts of the country they're now
moving 1,700 fighters away from that
battle to the frontlines in our friend
there they'll confront Turkish forces
normally a US ally the Turkish
government has told the u.s. it must use
its influence to stop that troop
movement the US says the fighting in our
friend is not its concern we expect the
u.s. to certainly step in and halt the
shifting of YPG PYD forces for a man
bitch too afraid they are forces under
US control this is our most natural
right whether they would do this or not
is another matter but we took all
measures necessary on the ground in the
border turn of jobless a car bomb killed
several people it's still not clear who
carried out the attack in an area which
has been relatively peaceful for the
past several months the Turks are
calling the operation in our friend
olive branch aimed at pushing a group
they described as terrorists the YPG far
away from their border the assault in
Afrin city itself may start in the
coming days all the world's main focus
remains on eastern Goethe and the
fighting there Allen Fisher al Jazeera
on the turkish-syrian border
