green bandanas have become the symbol of
the fighting legalized abortion in
Argentina on Tuesday there were hundreds
of them when the bill was presented in
Congress this is the seventh time we've
presented this project and for the first
time it will be debated in Congress
that's why we're happy it includes the
possibility of having an abortion until
14 weeks of pregnancy we've been
fighting for years for something like
this to happen
abortion is illegal in Argentina in most
cases but the Health Ministry says that
between 370 and 500,000 clandestine
abortions are carried out every year at
risk of being detained every year
because of complications with the
procedure and that's why women here are
demanding the legalization of abortion
because they say that women's lives are
at risk for the first time in this
country's history abortion will be
debated in Congress over 70 congressmen
have already signed the petition and
moved at people like Lisa and Karolina
are celebrating these days they're part
of an aid group that assists women who
want to have an abortion even if that
means breaking the law the group has a
website where women can get information
and help if something goes wrong in some
poor areas women end up going to a place
to get rid of the baby easily they know
it's unsafe what we try to do is give
women information and put them in touch
with people that could help them if they
have complications the main opposition
in Argentina is the Catholic Church and
it's not clear yet whether the abortion
project will get enough votes to become
a law the fact that Pope Francis is
Argentinian has many wondering whether
the church will get involved in the
debate
m√°rio Sebastiani says it's time
legislators put their religious beliefs
aside and started looking at Argentina's
dramatic health indicators that show
that clandestine abortions are a leading
cause of maternal mortality in the
country while City led sin that
legalizing abortion would mean that I
wouldn't see women here in the hospital
with the complications that we see today
they would meet the doctor go to the
pharmacy and then they can have a
private abortion at home the debate will
begin later this month in Congress and
it is expected to divide Argentinian
society those supporting the bill say
they will continue to fight for a right
they believe will save many lives there
is a war I'll just see that one Osiris
