there's widespread optimism in South
Korea at what many believe is a landmark
agreement but conservative opposition
parties still suspect North Korea of
playing a game of deception to buy time
for its nuclear and missile development
there's been similar cautioned from
Japan which has accused North Korea of
reneging on previous agreements zero
past discussions with North Korea have
not resulted in denuclearization so our
response should be based on lessons
learned from their talks for the sake of
talks are meaningless China one of North
Korea's few allies and a possible
partner in brokering future negotiations
has been more welcoming and a cautious
welcome from US president Donald Trump
hopefully we'll go in the very very
peaceful beautiful path we're prepared
to go whichever path is necessary I
think we're having very good dialogue
South Korea's envoy's now travel to the
US to sell the merits of the deal the
question for officials there is whether
there is sufficient substance to get
them involved this is a huge opportunity
lost if we can't get some talks going
with North Korea to prolong this
reduction in tension because what's the
alternative to talks it's what Winston
Churchill said if you don't jar-jar
you're gonna be in war war South Korea's
desire to avoid conflict at all costs
may have started this push for dialogue
it is now for others it seems to take it
up for it to work if Americans decide
that it's a time to start talking to the
North Koreans and it's likely they are
making this decision right now they will
do it again without any influence of
north-south communication all sides no
previous talks on the North Korean
crisis have been plagued by mistrust and
failure
supporters of the initiatives say the
difference this time is a sincerity to
reach a deal but unlike previous
attempts the north is so close to
achieving its nuclear ambitions and the
United States is so determined to stop
it
one way or another the price of failure
could be far higher Robert bride al
Jazeera Seoul
