there is an image of a refugee under
this floor that might never be seen
unless hundreds of strangers cooperate
come together and let the heat of their
bodies uncover it it's a near impossible
task but artist Tania Bruguera has high
hopes for the collective effort bugera
has transformed the tapes turbine Hall a
space for risk-taking she sees her art
as an agent of change
the museum is a forum for public debate
I think artists have a social
responsibility and unfortunately we had
to go into such an extreme by having
Trump and all of these political
struggles and all these deportation so
people wake up and the thing is that we
need political art that is sustainable
this is how bugera intends to wake us up
to the rising global tide of nationalism
and xenophobia and even provoke a
physical reaction entering this side
when visitors are stamped with a number
of people who've migrated this year and
those who've died trying and inside the
air is laced with an organic compound
that literally brings you to tears the
artists cause it forced empathy and
she's trying to provoke a collective
emotional response to the migrant crisis
these are the neighbors of the Tate
Modern who collaborated on the project
and nominated a local charity worker
Natalie Bell her name is now on the
building and honor usually reserved for
big donors and royalty I hope this is a
celebration of resources being in time
and kindness and love and compassion
that those are resources in their own
right and they have just as much value
it was Natalie who chose the image that
lies underneath its abusive a Syrian
refugee once homeless in London now
studying medicine in this space the
artist intends to unsettle you from the
low frequency base that reverberates
around and through you
to the tears and the touch this is a
multi-sensory experience allowing you to
reflect on the issue of migration but
it's also a call to action charlie
Angela al-jazeera
London
