a La Liga rally in the run-up to
Sunday's election formerly the Northern
League is grown from a northern
separatist movement to a nationwide
populist party under Matteo salvini
and there's a familiar slogan with a
clear subtext for the hundreds of
thousands of migrants and refugees
who've made Italy their home those who
choose the league choose something clear
Italians first Italians first and it's
that same slogan you can see on the
banners of the extreme right like at
this gathering in Rome of the casa pound
movement there a small party and failed
to win seats in parliament but their
opponents such as these counter
protesters say electoral success is not
their only purpose in a school some
organizations are hiding disguising
themselves speaking about democracy that
using words of hatred discrimination
racism and carrying out aggressions and
stabbings one attack last month hit the
headlines
a gunman drove around shooting at
African migrants in the central city of
mature otta
wounding six of them when police
arrested suspect Luca trainee he had the
Italian flag draped over his shoulders
but inside his home they found Nazi
material people who know him say trainee
was a league party candidate in local
elections before turning to the
neo-fascist group forza nuova as well as
has a pound here in the capital the
Bangladeshi community is one group
that's been targeted more than 70
Bangladeshis many of them street vendors
have been beaten up in the last few
years a sort of initiation rite for
young fascist activists this Rome based
journalist says the anti-immigrant
language that dominated much of the
election campaign is having a knock-on
effect using immigration and the result
is that that extreme right part is not
just these two parties also knotty skin
they are creating small groups to to
target immigrants parties like La Liga
and their electoral allies the brothers
of Italy deny links to neo-fascist
groups and have spoken out against
physical attacks on foreigners but their
detractors say they're knowingly
creating hatred with dangerous
consequences chuckling loudly peasant
growing climate of fear in the country
immigrants don't report violent
incidents because they might not have
residents papers or because they're
scared that speaking out might have
worse consequences
Mateo salvini and his party are on the
rise and expanding their support base
but as attitudes hardened against
immigrants some fear that's already
making life dangerous for minority
communities here
nadine barber al jazeera wrote
