a police cordon surrounds the scene
where sergey skripnikov is ax ting from
Moscow were found fighting for their
lives the bench where they've been
sitting is covered by a forensic tent
nearby police have set up an
investigation unit both victims are
critically ill and in intensive care
forensic teams combs the area sealing
off the shopping precinct where they
were found and the hospital where they
were rushed alongside our partner
agencies we are conducting some
extensive inquiries to determine exactly
what led to these two people falling
unconscious and to clarify whether or
not any criminal activity has taken
place police say they're being treated
for suspected exposure to an unknown
substance but say there's no known risk
to public health the passerby who called
the emergency services said the two are
in a semi-paralyzed state vomiting and
foaming from the mouth before passing
out Ullaeus cripple was then airlifted
to hospital her father Sergei followed
by Road 66 year old sergey skripnikov is
the moment he was arrested by Russian
security services he was jailed for 13
years by Moscow for passing the
identities of Russian agents working in
Europe to British intelligence
he was released during a high-profile
spy swap in 2010 one of four prisoners
released in exchange for 10 Russian
sleeper agents planted in the u.s. the
mystery poisonings led to comparisons
with a 2006 killing of former Russian
agent Alexander Litvinenko he died in
agony 23 days after drinking tea laced
with radioactive polonium one of his
suspected killers Andrey Lugovoy is now
a Russian MP immune from prosecution an
inquiry into the death concluded that
President Vladimir Putin probably
approved the killing police say they're
keeping an open mind over what happened
here
the life of a Russian double agent is
fraught with danger
Nev Barker al-jazeera Salisbury
