riot police confronted hundreds of
pro-independence protesters at the main
door of the Catalan Parliament in
Barcelona late into the night these
demonstrations fall to march that police
say attracted more than hundred and
eighty thousand people earlier in the
day tens of thousands marked the first
anniversary of the failed bid for
secession from Spain bringing parts of
their wealthy northeastern region home
to seven and a half million people to a
standstill it has already been a year
from October first we voted regardless
of all the obstacles imposed by a
fascist oppressive government that did
nothing but assault innocent people who
went only with a ballot in hand today we
go out to claim that we did we defeated
the Spanish state by being able to hold
a referendum Spain's Constitutional
Court declared last year's referendum
illegal on the day of the referendum
Spanish riot police stormed polling
stations across the region and clamped
down on protesters hundreds of people
were injured the violent crackdown
brought international condemnation the
catalan assembly officially declared
independence on october 27th but it was
not internationally recognized the
spanish government dissolved Catalonia's
parliament and imposed direct rule a
year on pro-independence Catalans want
their declaration of independence to be
recognised they're also demanding the
release of jailed government ministers
and civic organization leaders who were
at the helm of the failed secession
drive it was important to do something
today because throughout this year we've
not made much progress the Catalan
government hasn't done much and we
determined to make the Catalan Republic
or to make a legal referendum Madrid's
direct rule of Catalonia ended in June
when Pedro Sanchez replaced Prime
Minister May on our high and a vote of
no-confidence sanchez is against
independence but his approach is softer
than that of his predecessor his
government agreed to move jailed Catalan
politicians out of prisons in Madrid to
ones in Catalonia
the viola live funeral reveal the
election of Pedro Sanchez is actually
good news because he has a softer
approach and is open to dialogue but
it's not clear if he has specific
political objectives or he can resolve
the situation because he just doesn't
have a parliamentary majority the
promise of talks between the Spanish and
Catalan leaders has yet to come to
fruition
so for these demonstrators the fight for
independence remains in the hands of the
people
Paul Chatterjee on al-jazeera
