outside Florida State Capitol the young
voices that are driving calls for gun
reform continue to put pressure on
politicians this is the bill that
addresses school safety inside the
chamber the Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School Public Safety Act cleared
the Senate it includes money for school
security mental health and raising the
age limit for buying a rifle 221 for
Democrats who are in the minority here
it doesn't go far enough is it
appropriate to slap the name of Marjorie
Stoneman Douglas on the entire bill or
shouldn't we be passing a bill without
their name on it and just saying hey
this is the best we could do because
that's honestly how I feel
for many the most controversial proposal
is arming staff in Florida's schools a
measure the state's governor is against
a ban on assault rifles was voted down
on Saturday there's not a single teacher
there's not a single student that I've
spoken to over the past several days
about this topic that thinks it's a good
idea to introduce more guns into our
classrooms 17 people were killed at the
school in Portland parents who lost
children the shootings had a simple
message for politicians this time must
be different and we demand action we
come from different backgrounds and hold
a variety of viewpoints yet we are
united on this no family should endure
what we have endured what happened in
parkland almost three weeks ago has led
to a nationwide debate on gun control
it's long been a divisive issue but
increasingly the US public is in favor
of gun reform and political action so
far that's been slow in coming the bill
will now go to Florida's House of
Representatives in the hopes it will
reach the governor's desk by Friday
governor Scott has said he won't approve
arming teachers that's a sentiment
echoed by the survivors of the school
shooting but their desire to see assault
rifles banned is now off the table and
the Gallacher al Jazeera Tallahassee
Florida
