even from 3000 kilometers away in
Washington DC
president Trump managed to upend the
seventh round of NAFTA negotiations we
are renegotiating NAFTA as I said I
would and if we don't make a deal I'll
terminate NAFTA that would be I would
imagine one of the points that will
negotiate it will be tariffs on steel
for Canada and from Mexico he'd already
announced plans to impose tariffs on
steel and aluminium imports from around
the world but Canada and Mexico felt
that as the u.s. is partners in the
NAFTA free trade bloc they should be
exempted Canada was especially
displeased should restrictions be
imposed on Canadian steel and aluminium
products Canada will take appropriate
responsive measures to defend our trade
interests and our workers they've been
decimated president Trump indicated he
could be flexible if Mexico and Canada
capitulate on other sticking points in
the negotiations they include an
increase in auto parts made in the US
better Mexican labor standards to make
the US workforce more competitive and a
clause ending NAFTA every five years
common ground on those issues has been
extremely hard to find US has indicated
that time is running out president
Trump's announcement has made already
tough and slow-moving negotiations even
more difficult and unless Canada and
Mexico give the United States exactly
what it wants the future seems uncertain
for NAFTA John Holman al Jazeera Mexico
City
