there'll be plenty of this in the coming
days russia's Foreign Minister shaking
hands in Africa the message he wants to
convey is that Russia has returned to
the continent Sergei Lavrov Africa tour
takes him to five countries in five days
Angola on Monday then it's off to
Namibia for Tuesday Wednesday it's
Mozambique neighbouring Zimbabwe on
Thursday finally on Friday he's due to
head north to Ethiopia in the Horn of
Africa Russia's interest in Africa has
been building for a while President
Vladimir Putin and Prime Minister Dmitry
Medvedev have visited in recent years
the diplomatic push carries faint echoes
of former times when the USSR contested
Western influence by supporting Marxist
guerrillas fighting against colonial
rulers such as in Mozambique but when
the Soviet Union dissolved so too did
Russia's influence far from home
lavrov's Africa tour coincides with a
similar visit by US State Secretary Rex
Tillerson they'll overlap in Ethiopia
and Russia's foreign ministry has
suggested a meeting there Yevgeniy
current Yossef was a Soviet and Russian
ambassador in Africa he thinks the
continent is increasingly interesting
for many global powers this is a very
important period in the history of
Africa and international relations
African influence in world politics and
economics is growing in the past 15
years African GDP has doubled
without Africa none of the global issues
of our century can be solved
Russia's trade with Africa is growing it
was fourteen point five billion dollars
in 2016 but that's dwarfed by the --use
Africa trade which amounts to thirty
three billion dollars that's beaten by
the USA's with 49 billion dollars in
trade but the country this develops the
highest spending relationship with
Africa is China 149 billion dollars
Russia no longer has the ideology with
which to woo developing countries like
it could with Soviet socialism but
Moscow is trying to make up
for lost time with Africa it's hoping
that Trey's defense natural resources
and energy can win back some of the
partners it lost when its Soviet
superpower status collapsed Rory
challon's al-jazeera
Moscow
