US citizens have the constitutional
right to lobby the government but they
have to obey the law when they do so on
behalf of another country news reports
say the special counsel for the Russia
investigation Robert Muller has expanded
his work to include those who may be
lobbying on behalf of the United Arab
Emirates The New York Times says Muller
has already interviewed this man
businessman George Nader about his ties
to the Emirati government and his
meetings with White House officials the
news reports also say Nader knows
another u.s. businessman Eliot Brodie
Brodie - has UAE ties according to the
BBC broidy reportedly lobbied to
president Donald Trump in October
to support the blockade against Qatar to
hold secret talks with the crown prince
and to fire Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson because he opposed the
blockade to be clear there is no
indication Muller is investigating
broidy what analysts find interesting is
the extent of the influence the Emirates
hold inside Washington it seems that the
Marathas have invested so much there is
now this overconfidence that they can
have their way into the US
administration and to the extent that
they are now they were trying to get rid
of Tennyson because of his position
toward the Gulf crisis at the same time
what is alarming here is not an act of
regular or natural lobby and that is
part of the game in Washington but it's
rather you have two agents Elliot Brody
and George ney that who were trying to
establish a direct link between Trump
and Mohammed even is a he'd there's also
the question of whether the president's
initial support for the blockade was in
any way influenced by his son-in-law
Jared Kushner news reports say a few
weeks before the blockade began
Kushner's family business tried and
failed to get a
business loan from a coterie investor
all this comes as it becomes clear
Muller is investigating the
communications of everyone close to the
President and once Trump's
communications - on Monday one of those
former aides repeatedly turned up on
American television to say he would not
comply it's absolutely ridiculous what
they want from me
I think it would be funny if they
arrested me thank you very much we
nunberg runs the risk of being jailed if
he doesn't cooperate a fact that can't
be ignored as the Muller investigation
grows beyond the Russia question and
into other countries as well Russell and
Jordan al-jazeera
Washington
