Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and US President Donald Trump
smiled broadly in their White House
meeting despite both being embroiled in
scandal Netanyahu wasted no time turning
the attention to the US president for
his decision to recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital
mr. president this will be remembered by
our people throughout the ages
Naing Yahoo is in Washington in advance
of his address on Tuesday before the
largest Israeli Lobby group in the US a
pack but Netanyahu made it clear he was
also seeking US support for what he sees
as Israel's greatest security challenge
it's encapsulated in one word Iran Iran
has not given up its nuclear ambitions
it is came out of this nuclear deal
emboldened enriched both Netanyahu and
Trump have made no secret of their
loathing of the 2015 agreement agreed on
by the US and the other world powers
with Iran to limit Iran's nuclear
program
both believe the agreements duration is
too short and is weakened by the fact it
does not address Iran's ballistic
missile program
there's also shared concern over what
they believe is Iran's rising influence
and a desire for a permanent presence in
Syria Israelis want more Americans
support against Iran Trump has talked
big against Iran but he has done very
very little the US president has also
talked about striking a peace deal
between the Israelis and Palestinians
Trump's Jerusalem declaration in
December infuriated Palestinian leaders
they're now calling on the international
community to negotiate a deal not the
u.s. a point the president seems to have
ignored the Palestinians I think are
wanting to come back to the table very
bad if they don't you don't have peace
you don't have peace if they don't you
don't have peace and that's a
possibility also I'm not saying it's
going to happen
indeed Donald Trump's Mid East peace
efforts are almost non-existent still he
said on Monday he may now himself go to
Israel to open the new US embassy in
Jerusalem Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera
Washington
