hi I'm Maliki Bilal and you're in the
stream today a check-in on three
hashtags and the stories around them
that caught our eye a potential win for
public school teachers in the u.s. state
of West Virginia after a nine day strike
that kept students out of the classroom
and educators gathered at the State
Capitol then to South Africa what impact
will a controversial proposal for land
expropriation have but first to the
border between Ireland and Northern
Ireland an issue that continues to be
challenging and brexit negotiations
I'm colum Moylan I'm in Dublin and last
year on the stream I made the charge
that in its fourth or brexit the UK
failed to consider the implications on
the Good Friday Agreement and the
invisible land border currently shared
between Northern Ireland and the
Republic now in a little over a year's
time the island of Ireland is said to be
split into EU and non-eu territories and
yet the population here both north and
south have failed to get an answer to
the fundamental question and that's how
do we avoid returning to a hard border
and the potential civil unrest that
comes alongside that in such a situation
the 500 kilometer border between Ireland
and Northern Ireland is possibly one of
the biggest obstacles in Britain's
departure from the EU and there's no
agreed plan of what it will look like
after May 20 23 - Prime Minister Theresa
May has made several speeches in the
past week outlining her vision for the
UK's future economic relationship with
the EU and it's exit strategy she's
ruled out the return to physical
infrastructure on the border between
Northern Ireland and the Republic but
provided a few details
she's also pushing for a free trade deal
that many EU lawmakers have criticized
here to help us talk about this Peter
Gagan an Irish investigative journalist
and writer welcome to the stream Peter I
want to start with a comment from a
member of our community via Twitter this
is Ian who says he's in Northern Ireland
and says that our economy and
infrastructure is heavily subsidised by
the EU also our advocate
which is deeply entwined with Ireland's
in production and process no one wants a
hard border which would cost billions
and I reckon adversely affect funding
and more important areas like health and
education so Peter what could the
possible return of a hard border mean
for people on either side of it well in
some respects there's never been a hard
border in Ireland there was up until
about 25 years ago customs checks and
security points along the border and as
you mentioned the borders about 500
kilometres long it is two hundred fifty
year old crossings up until around 25
years ago only about 25 of those were
all for any one time and I think the big
concern around the border now is we
could go back to that sort of situation
where you have to have customs checks
you might have to physical
infrastructure at the border which is
something no it doesn't exist at the
moment if you went to the Irish border
now at the moment you wouldn't even know
where you where the border started or
where it ended often how people tell
where they are is using their mobile
phones
what where did what what twin tower
tower is a ping off is it in the
Republic or in Northern Ireland and the
other big thing is road signs we use
miles in the UK and they use kilometres
Republic of Ireland otherwise you
wouldn't be able to tell the difference
so any change at the border at all will
actually will be seen as a big change
for the people who live in the community
in the area mm-hmm
especially because so many people are
saying that the reason that the border
is soft as it is today is of course
because of the Good Friday Agreement
which ended tensions known as the
troubles for so many years so you have
people saying the potential beginning of
a hard border would significantly change
things and and could raise tensions do
you think that there's any truth to that
I think there's some there's some
concerns around this because one of the
reasons that they were able to get rid
of the border really was because bullsh
du United Kingdom and Ireland joined the
European Union at the same time we
joined in 1973 or alongside the British
and that meant that in the early 90s
when we both joined the European
Exchange Rate Mechanism we our economies
became even closer together that meant
that all physical checks were able to go
away because we're both part of single
American the customs union what's going
to happen as of
next year the way things are going is
that the United Kingdom we're gonna
leave the customs union in a single
market the Republic of Ireland will stay
in it that will mean it don't have to be
some sort of a customs presence and the
concern I think for a lot of people is
that the very fact of having something
on the border could become something
less you know for dissident republicans
people are opposed the peace process it
could become a target so the head of the
Police Service of Northern Ireland has
mentioned this and I think there is a
concern in border communities that
anything that that changes the dynamic
in these communities one of the
successes of the peace process has been
the border it's been this for previously
when I was growing up near the border we
would have huge tailbacks
trying to cross the border you could be
a couple of hours only going a few miles
because of the nature of it they're all
totally disappeared under concerns that
anything that changes that dynamic it
might necessarily lead to violence it
might necessarily lead to something you
know very quickly but it will undermine
this kind of coal relationship that has
existed on the island of Ireland and
especially around the border which
during the trouble is this 30-year long
basically civil war in which more than
three thousand people died the border
was a very fractious place right now the
border is a very calm place and I think
the concern is for people is that aning
the changes the border can only have a
negative impact I think simple can see
walk at a positive impact of a change at
the border so Peter you may have
answered just answered this question we
got via Twitter this is Steven and he
says as for breakfast there are people
talking up to a threat to the freeze
process because of it the only threat to
peace is violence so my question to
those talking it up is who is it that is
going to return to violence I believe
they're using that threat as a weapon in
their negotiations do you think that
this is a weapon or being used to scare
people it's a fear mongering tactic I
think sometimes a conversation on the
Good Friday Agreement hasn't always been
helpful I think some people across every
British level are talking about the Good
Friday Agreement they're opposed to
Brixton they're using a good friend
agreement there's a reason to oppose
brexit and I could understand why they
do it that's not always been helpful I
think I think sometimes it's because
it's politicized
Northern Ireland plays a Good Friday
Agreement and again this idea that there
will be that you know the people are
saying oh it will lead to violence so we
so this is something to be worried about
but at the same time I think it is
important to understand how important
this open border is symbolically you
know the Good Friday Agreement is all
about recognizing the right of people
and you know in Northern Ireland to be
Irish British or to be both I'm part of
being irish fallar these people is that
they can travel easily with no
disruption across the island of Ireland
the fact that they live in order and
they can feel Irish means they can
travel across the border into Republic
of Ireland without any any problem at
all and I think they fear for a lot of
people including for the police is that
any change this border set of any kind
of you know introduction of anything
that looks like a checkpoint it could
become a target and we know in the
Haitian ordinary okay can I Argus I hear
that point thank you for making it I
think you answered the person's tweet
pretty eloquently there so we have to
leave it there for now we know this is a
big issue with our community though so
we want you to keep those tweets coming
and continue to follow along with this
issue and now to the u.s. state of West
Virginia our colleagues at aj+ explain
what's been going on
the House passed the 5% raise the Senate
has not so everybody's in front of the
Senate West Virginia went on strike back
in 1990 but it was not to this magnitude
like it is today
starting at me
on Tuesday West Virginia lawmakers said
that a deal has been a reach to deliver
that 5% pay race to teachers and all
state employees and the governor tweeted
about it so what's next for teachers of
the state with us is Rebecca diamond a
second grade teacher at Kellogg
elementary school in Huntington West
Virginia who you just saw in that aj+
piece welcome to the stream Rebecca I
pulled up here on my laptop the very
tweet from Governor Jim Justice who
writes I'm very pleased to announce a 5%
raise for teachers and all state
employees it's time we invest in
education and help our teachers and our
kids go back to the classroom with pride
Rebecca first of all I would say
congratulations are in order for you
you've been rallying at the State
Capitol for days with thousands of other
teachers what was your reaction to this
tweet into the news hours ago that a
deal had been arranged well my first
thought was okay is this real is it
really going to happen because we heard
it last Tuesday and we heard it again
today so you know once we found out that
the House passed it the Senate passed it
it was a celebration when we got to the
Capitol you're not the only one this is
Ashley steward who says teachers are a
static though we're hesitant to
celebrate until the legislation passes
this is a victory for education in West
Virginia but it's also a victory for the
people of West Virginia we have a long
history of standing up for labor rights
so what is next we know that there is
supposed to be a signing ceremony later
today on Tuesday what happens next for
you well they're supposed to sign it
today at 3 o'clock Governor Justice was
the governor of West Virginia and he's
supposed to set it at 3 the house has
already passed it the Senate has already
passed it so that's our last hurdle and
as of right now I am assuming that we
will be back in school tomorrow
we haven't heard official word yet now I
want to give us some context for our
international community who may
not quite understand why it is that
teachers have been striking for the past
nine days I pulled up this here this is
via CNN but it is the very best edition
of this that we've seen this is from the
Bureau of Labor Statistics on the
average annual wages for teachers West
Virginia's teachers earn among the
lowest pay in the nation 48th and that's
according to the National Education
Association a ranking of salaries
average salary 47,000 while in West
Virginia while the national average is
fifty nine thousand I know that you work
a part-time job in addition to being a
teacher what will this 5% raise mean for
you it could possibly mean that I won't
have to work a second job I took that
job because we were one of the lowest
paid in the state of West Virginia and
my husband is a teacher as well so to
make ends meet
it was just feasible for me to take on
that second job to make up at different
times of the month you know what we were
missing with our pay being 48th in in
the nation I mean when you look at that
$45,000 I don't believe that's a true
amount of what West Virginia makes and
then because they average it from the
highest to the lowest paid teacher in
the state so you know I have 19 years of
experience and right now I'm right
around $40,000 my husband has a master's
and he's right around 45,000 so with
this pay raise you know our additional
household income will be four thousand
dollars for the entire year which will
definitely make a difference in our
livelihood for sure we finally got a
livable wage and I think though there
might be some people in our online
community and and global community that
still don't understand the fact that you
had to work two jobs in the first place
being a state employee right I should
have never had to have done that but you
know I have two kids in my own and you
know I want to provide for them as well
and there are things that they need
they're both in high school and taking
on that second job you know kind of put
us over the hump
each two-week period that we got paid so
that we weren't struggling to to do what
they needed or struggling when something
came up because there's always something
unexpected and there was just never
enough to cover that so to have this
second job it you know it it provided
for those things that came up unexpected
and you know at the end of those two
week period and you're like oh my gosh
we have three more days to wait what are
we going to do what are we going to do
and you know I would have the second job
hey that would cover those and I know
you never assumed that you're going to
have to work another job when you have a
degree right right but well this protest
and this strike action has caught the
eyes of people around the world I want
to share this sweet from Jerri white who
writes Australian teacher sends message
of support to West Virginia you're
determined fight has given a lead to
teachers in the US and internationally
so keeping that in mind this was a
movement led by women mostly and of
course there are other people who are
teachers as well but this was was was
headed and spearheaded by women Ashley
Stewart says the governor may try to
take credit for this and the legislators
may try to take the glory too but
ultimately it was the unity and
persistence of West Virginia citizens of
all sectors that brought about this
change I know that not only are you a
teacher but you come from a long line of
teachers your mother your grandmother
you have two sisters that are teachers
now we hear news that there might be a
strike coming to Oklahoma where where
teachers are looking at the options in
West Virginia and considering a strike
there do you think this is the start of
a new movement and what has that meant
to you I think this is empowered people
to realize that they can accomplish
things that they thought was that they
thought were actually impossible to do I
mean Oklahoma's 49th and teacher pay and
I think it's time that they stood up for
themselves as well to show the world
that you know it's not just West
Virginia making this movement happen
that other states can follow along other
nations can follow along to know that
you know if you stand up for what you
believe in which is exactly what we
teach our two
in school that this is this is a
powerful idea you know women in America
have always been put down below men and
for all of these women to be out here
today it is impressive to see their
power and their support and to let
people know that you know we're not
gonna lay down anymore we're not gonna
allow anybody to walk all over us we are
just as powerful as anybody else is in
numbers well thanks for being with us
today Rebecca and please keep us up and
you as you head back into the classroom
and now to a story that's been heating
up on twitter the hashtag land
expropriation is being tweeted across
south africa more than 150,000 times at
last count to discuss the approval of a
plan some say will reclaim land taken
from black people under colonial and
apartheid rule the sticking point the
current owners of the land would not be
compensated the leader of the economic
freedom fighters party Julius Malema
sparked the debate with an announcement
to the National Assembly on February
27th for a lasting peace security and
justice land must be expropriated
without compensation for equal
redistribution would have failed those
who came before us if we're to pay
anyone for having committed a genocide
now the online conversation around land
expropriation ranges from expressions of
support for reclaiming stolen
possessions to criticism pointing to the
economic impact of a similar plan in
Zimbabwe pierre writes people are so
eager for land expropriation without
compensation thinking they're getting
back stolen property it's alive you're
violating the rights of fellow citizens
and you're giving the government the
right to take land away from anyone one
day that might be you know others say
the plan fuels what they call systemic
racism against white South Africans the
debate around the plan follows petitions
to Western governments on behalf of
white South Africans more than 16,000
people signed a petition asking Donald
Trump to accept white South Africans
into the u.s. 15,000 people signed this
petition asking Malcolm Turnbull to
accept white South Africans into
Australia and more than 62,000 signed a
petition to the EU come
so asking for white South Africans quote
return right to return to Europe unquote
so how will this plan impact South
Africans on both sides of the fray here
with us to discuss the issue l mean to
place a is associate professor of law at
Northwest University and CCA an NGO base
a is industrial sociologist welcome to
the stream both of you I want to start
with this tweet we got from a member of
our community skip 823 who says it's not
like black people we're compensated when
White's got the land this is a
correction of the wrong that was done in
the past
you Slade do you see this in the same
way that this is attempting to address
the the wrongs of apartheid well in
short there is an absolute need in South
Africa for legitimate land restitution
where there have been and whether is
evidence of black individuals who've
been dispossessed historically that's
not in contention for anybody in this
country the issue becomes the means and
land expropriation without compensation
is essentially giving the government the
sort of power to confiscate property
from in debate and it was all just white
individuals it's also black individuals
essentially what the EFSM ANC have
agreed to do is to tinker with our
Constitution specifically section 25
which deals with property rights now
these are rights which are fundamental
to any democracy trying to build a
prosperous and property earning
generation and that's what blacks and
white South Africans want and the FF and
the N see are actually quite opposed to
this if you really look at the the
logical conclusion of handing the state
that sort of power to confiscate
something without compensation
I mean taking that in mind we got this
free from jacks Jack who says
expropriation needs to happen as much as
the debate does given the complexity of
the topic the discourse easily lends
itself to populism this increases the
risk for quick and easy irresponsible
unaccountable fixes which could result
in more unhappiness for the majority
do you think that there is a way to do
this so that it does not lead to
unhappiness for the majority umm yes
well I think we need to take attempt to
re-establish that connection with L mean
but in the meantime see Schley do you
see the sweet here do you think I mean I
think I know where you're coming from on
this but do you think that there is a
way to do this because there are people
online who say that it should be done
absolutely I mean again there is general
consensus among South Africans that
there are ways to do this and these of
course require a legal rational and
methodical sort of weighing up of the
evidence in the data as it relates to
specific land claims now this again is
done through a rule of law and there's
always and there should be adequate
compensation because one thing we need
to remember is that you know
historically whether you look at the
colonial era in this country or the
apartheid era it was always the
institution of government which used
coercive manipulative power in order to
just possess one group over the other
and essentially I'm advocating that it's
that very same government today albeit
democratically elected that has to now
enact a process of restitution where it
must compensate those who in or
dispossessed in order to return land
back to its original inhabitants and by
the way there's also another element
here we have a card data in this
particular instance I mean 93% of people
who've had land returned back to them
have actually historically opted to take
cash instead of laughs why because there
is a recognition by and large that South
Africans not all of us are agrarian
right all of us want to do farming a lot
of us have moved into the cities and
wanting to live middle-class lives which
don't necessarily involve farming or
even have the means to to farm and and
to live the agrarian lifestyle I mean I
looked it looks like your connection is
back with us
what did you want a hunter no I just
want to add that I think we need to
acknowledge that there has been a
failure in land reform in South Africa
and this was also the finding of a
high-level report by the Parliament last
year and I mean this this creates
frustration right so we still have quite
inequitable
land holdings where white people have
the majority of the land and black
people seem most people seem not seen
most people are landless so I mean that
creates tension and then filled by that
we seem to be losing the contract that
we made around 94 of you know
restorative justice of going this about
in a rights-based way nation-building
and so on that was all disconnected from
a land reform issue and now it seems
that all that is playing out in the land
reform Irene right arena and and that
sort of creates opportunity obviously
for populism what what frustrates me is
that expropriation is a very very
technical issue so what people think
will happen and what will actually
happen there are two different things
because even if you have expropriation
without compensation
you still need to follow in legal
process you still need the state to
implement or to expropriate property and
the state hasn't used its powers as it
can in terms of the Constitution full of
five past 24 years to do land reform so
I think why would the state you know
it's just they it's just so complex the
shaking is it there it look like he
agrees see today we got this social ute
we got this from YouTube live at it I
just want to read this first Africa as
Anya says the Constitution does not
allow for the expropriation of land
without compensation
the ANC is setting itself up for failure
the government has plenty of land why
not start there
CJ yeah look I would agree with that
partially but I just want to come back
to this point of oh you know land
expropriation of our compensation would
follow a rule of law aspect I'm sorry
but the record of history especially on
the African continent would disagree
with that and we just have to look to
our neighbors to the
Zimbabwe to get that case example I mean
I can say at other examples of Tanzania
and the ojama policy of Idi Amin who
expropriate the property from Indian
residents and essentially took over
their businesses again the underpinning
behind this is socialism and socialism
on this continent has been a killer of
African aspirations for one prosperity
and true liberty the idea that somehow
giving the states the power to
expropriate I have to pause you there I
am pausing you though and I'm saying
thank you to you and I mean because we
will be following this story very
closely and we'll look to do a lengthier
follow-up show so we will be back to
this if there are any other stories on
social catching your eye from members of
our community tweet us hashtag AJ string
until then we'll see you online
