Janny Alam is doing what he can to try
and strengthen his home against the
monsoon rains that will soon fall on
this row hinge refugee camp in Cox's
Bazaar but really there's not much you
can do to stop his tent being swept into
the canal a few metres below we're at
the bottom of a hill so this place could
be easily washed away there's also a
risk of mudslide I might be able to
rebuild the hut but I'm more afraid of
my family being killed by storms and
flood water and you started running from
Myanmar last August and around 700,000
ended up in these camps in Bangladesh
condition too squalid and the people
living in these homes built on steep
terraces will have little chance against
torrential rain that will turn
everything to month ideally we would
like to evacuate many people from the
site but that depends on available land
which we don't have so far we are
extremely concerned and the steps we're
taking our only mitigating steps we're
not claiming it will help everybody and
we are worried about the future very
worried indeed the UN says around a
hundred thousand refugees here could be
in grave danger from landslides and
floods and their hinder come from a part
of Myanmar where they have no experience
of how to manage extreme weather on
money they might immediately what scares
us the most is if your brain streamline
and we are sleeping might be landslides
we could die in our sleep there's some
engineering work going on a canal is
being cleared to make way for the
rainwater retaining walls are being
built pathways reinforced but it's going
to be hard work to withstand the
destructive force of monsoon downpours
which are on the way
Burnett Smith al-jazeera
