he is one of the most successful and
celebrated figures in the history of
British sport but Bradley Wiggins and
his former cycling team have effectively
been accused in UK Parliament of
cheating this question about the ethics
of the use of medicines particularly if
medicines are being used not primarily
to treat medical need but could enhance
performance as well and what we're
recommending from the report is that
this gray area should be cleared up at
the center of allegations is the mystery
content of a package delivered to
Wiggins during the critérium du dauphiné
a race in 2011 claimed by Team Sky to
contain a decongestant for asthma
analogies the report says a year later
he used an anti-inflammatory and
performance-enhancing drug to prepare
for the biggest race in cycling the Tour
de France which he won Wiggins says he
strongly refutes the claim any drug was
used without medical need but that's not
a denial the drugs were
performance-enhancing Team Sky also says
it strongly refutes the reports claim
that their medication was to enhance
performance but it's another clear
contradiction of the ethics set out by
team principal Dave brows furred that
they'd have zero tolerance to doping
another British Olympic hero long
distance champion Mo Farah is accused by
the report of using a supplement before
the 2014 London Marathon that was legal
but not recorded on his records there's
a spotlight on the doctors involved in
doping - the opportunity to use these
very powerful drugs is given you know if
you like as a privilege to those medical
professionals so they do have a
responsibility the prospect of action
against those accused of cheating is
slim and this was careful and
sophisticated manipulation the damage to
sports stars will be mainly reputational
but these were people held up as heroes
and the trust in them and their sports
is diminishing by the day Lee Wellings
al Jazeera London
