on the banks of the Illinois River quiet
Beardstown Illinois is getting a second
wind
diners flocked to La Familia bakery for
lunch
workers at amigos Tire busy themselves
rebuilding a car engine and su casa
grocer Rafael Trujillo welcomes a beer
delivery though diverse these businesses
all have one thing in common they're
owned by immigrants for roughly 175
years Beardstown was an all-white
community but its racial composition
started changing three decades ago when
immigrants started working at this pork
processing plant after many local
workers quit in a dispute over wages
today 40% of Beardstown residents are
Hispanic or black they've helped the
town maintain its population and are
propping up the economy realtor Buffy
Tillett says immigrants account for more
than half of the homes bought and sold
in Beardstown
they'll buy a house fix it up make it
worth more money than it was when they
first bought it you'll notice the
natural woodwork Francisco and Barbara
Cortez are hoping to buy their first
home before the birth of their second
child
we stayed with his parents for a while
and rented there and then we moved out
and got her moving out and getting our
own place there have been challenges
since immigrants began changing the
complexion of this community nearly
three decades ago there have been
language barriers and cultural barriers
a visit from a white supremacist group
20 years ago but the community has
worked aggressively to bridge the divide
Travis Kroll says this book about new
arrivals helped he was part of a
diversity committee that helped
distribute it throughout the community I
think 39 different nations are
represented in Bridgetown so it brought
an awareness of the different cultures
and put a face with somebody who is from
that culture
Harold Tyson has watched Beardstown
change from behind this barber chair for
60 years he says he's not sure if his
town is changing for the better but he
says it is surviving and credits his new
neighbors for that they're up here to
try to have a better living and you
can't fault them for that and they work
immigrants are still blending into
beards towns fabric and some say their
continued integration is vital to the
town's survival Diane Estabrook al
Jazeera Beardstown Illinois
