the Oscars Hollywood had more than
Awards on its mind at the 90th annual
Oscar ceremony host Jimmy Kimmel quickly
brought up disgraced Hollywood producer
and accused sexual predator Harvey
Weinstein who was expelled from the
Academy last year the Academy as you're
no doubt aware took action last year to
expel Harvey Weinstein from their ranks
there were a lot of great nominees but
Harvey deserved it the most the
far-reaching sexual harassment scandal
and the growth of the me too and times
up movements were on the minds of many
finally saying times up it's a new day
in Hollywood with new challenges ahead
for all of us while those serious issues
overshadowed Hollywood's big night to a
certain extent the show as they say must
go on and it did and the Oscar goes to
the shape of water
this may very well be the shape of water
one the best picture award the story of
a love affair between a mute cleaning
lady and a strange amphibious creature
at the center of a Cold War weapons
program it beat out stiff competition
from get out
Lady Bird and I tonyia among other films
the shape of waters film director
Guillermo del Toro won the Best Director
award Frances McDorman won the Best
Female Actor Award for her role as an
angry and grieving mother in three
billboards outside Evan Missouri she
asked all the women in the audience to
stand and take a bow
as many predicted the best male actor
nod went to Gary Oldman for his vivid
and belligerent performance as Winston
Churchill in the darkest hour Allison
Janney's portrayal of an unlovable
mother in AI tawnya
won her the best female Supporting Actor
Award I did it all by myself
Sam Rockwell took home the best male
Supporting Actor Oscar for playing a
violent racist police officer who turns
over a new leaf in three billboards I'd
like to thank the Academy never thought
I'd say those words the Chilean
transgender drama a fantastic woman won
the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar and
the audience pleasing cartoon Coco won
for Best Animated Feature the biggest
thank you of all to the people of Mexico
Coco would not exist without your
endlessly beautiful culture and
traditions
Hollywood's big night is over but the
movement against sexual harassment in
the film industry continues to expand
and grow stronger Bob Reynolds al
Jazeera Hollywood
