it's what's known in the news business
as burying the lede Beijing issues a
list proposed amendments to China's
Constitution 21 of them tucked away at
number 14 the end of term limits for the
president a momentous change that would
allow a Jinping to remain at the helm of
the planet's most populous country a
growing superpower social media was
already blowing up as the first newscast
on the state-owned CCTV went to air
tomato-y are you too generous yeah the
coverage of all those constitutional
amendments was dense painstakingly dull
with no real explanations gifts it took
them 18 minutes to get to the real story
amendment number 14 which also got the
surface treatment to harden in Quahog or
to see photos E major and G function
Gordon in Baggett aqua maintenance is
young home thereafter the
state-controlled news media in China had
a sales job on their hands we saw on
Monday the day after the announcement of
the proposal that on people's daily
published a long piece basically saying
you know that Chinese people really
welcome the abolishment of the term
limits and it quoted a whole bunch of
ordinary Chinese people basically
praising it and saying this was a great
decision and it seemed like almost you
know an answer to all of the criticisms
of a media
official media like the People's Daily
have gone bankrupt in terms of trust
people will not pay attention to what
they say anymore that is not to say that
the party paper has absolutely no
influence over the people the influence
is limited and they have no choice but
to follow the script yes why
what criticism there was of the
announcement was confined to social
media almost 3/4 of a billion Chinese
are online platforms such as Twitter and
Facebook are banned but the country's
microblogging equivalent sign away bow
has more users 340 million the vast
majority of them in China than Twitter
does around the world Weibo has long
been a principal platform for political
dissent with users often hiding behind
fake names since last year Beijing has
made it mandatory for Weibo users to
register with their real names
dissidents can still find ways though to
get their messages out cryptically
sometimes taking advantage of the
flexibility of Chinese languages and
their written characters sometimes using
fictional figures to make political
points about real people in power we
need the Pooh's kind of a stand-in for
sheet in pain I guess it's because she
didn't paying is a little bit like short
and pudgy we saw memes of Winnie the
Pooh being crowned king
we need the Pooh holding a honey pot
with the message if you find something
you love you better stick with it so
kind of funny but they're also
subversive and they were something
pretty quickly but it's important to
note that Chinese internet users are not
standing for the general population
because people who use social media tend
to be more educated they tend to be
urban and young so that is not really
representative of a population at large
or the demon Tomatina so with Victoria
Chinese society has become quite
diversified different people have
different opinions it's a sign of a
sophisticated society with Weibo and
WeChat being so advanced these days you
hear many different voices there's
nothing wrong with that however in
traditional Chinese culture there is a
need for a guiding voice a leading will
so the official press has to convey the
significance behind the amendments the
Constitution quantal or societies who
hear
the Chinese media space has a recent
history of opening up slightly only to
close again based on events prior to the
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989
journalists had enjoyed a period of
relative freedom which ended in the
aftermath of the crackdown restrictions
were loosened again prior to the 2008
Olympics in Beijing then tightened again
once the foreign media contingent had
gone home
five years later Xi Jinping took power
having marketed himself as an
anti-corruption champion by the time he
toured China's top three state-owned
news outlets in 2016 the anti-graft
campaign was in full swing and the media
outlets reporting on that story played a
central part in it she did not mince
words the president told journalists
working at CCTV among others that their
ultimate loyalty must be to the
Communist Party as he put it the party
and the media were part of the same
family she enjoyed having grown up in
the era of Mao Xi Jingping accepted the
education of that time and believes that
the propaganda that arrow is useful he
has returned to the propaganda model of
the Cultural Revolution with its
emphasis on strong leadership and cult
of personality however he wants to
disassociate himself from the negative
side of the culture revolution and just
make use of the power of the cult of
personality
shot from we shared there's a girl in
Dalian to burn under the current regime
there is a much greater control over the
press than we've seen previously the
censorship has become much more severe
journalists who don't tow the party line
now receive harsher treatment when they
do actually report they only put out
good news and reduce the so-called
negative energy whatever is critical
control of the press is at an
unprecedented level content yet another
kind of overarching trend that's
happened during she's administration is
his drive to circumvent the bureaucracy
by putting his trusted loyalists in
places of power in large part through
this anti-corruption campaign and state
media has not been an exception to that
there was a big anti-corruption purge at
CCTV which is the state broadcaster and
one of the country's most famous
television anchors breach Hong Kong
basically disappeared one day it was
really a clear message of the network
that they had really better behave
in most countries where governments take
an authoritarian approach to the media
there are clear red lines established
that which cannot be said about a ruler
or a policy China takes that approach a
step further recommending terminology
for the media to use in November of last
year the Communist Party issued
so-called guidance to the news media
advising them to focus on the fact that
general secretary Xi Jinping is a leader
with the support of the whole party is
beloved and esteemed by the people and
is fully worthy and deserving colobus it
challenge niggas yeah that is the
message they're trying to send does it
have any impact for Chinese nationalists
or people who are not as clued into the
news they will see it positive in that
the leader and the people are united but
I don't think it has an effect on people
who are in my opinion the most important
thing is not how the government commands
the media how it plans its messaging but
rather if there's some room for the
media to express different opinions do
they have any freedom of speech is it
possible that the party could patrol
even more media if so then with this
kind of propaganda no matter how
unsophisticated it is it is easy to
brainwash the crowd
