just five years after they first got
into Parliament the fiestar movement the
anti politics party say they're the
clear winners in Italy's general
elections after a campaign that saw them
promise to guarantee a universal basic
income of $1,000 a month while cutting
taxes they insist nobody can afford to
ignore them also exceeding expectations
la liga formerly the northern lead led
by matteo salvini firmly anti migration
and Euroskeptic they're vying to be the
biggest player in the centre-right
coalition led by silvio berlusconi for
salvini the results proof that italians
are fed up of the status quo one of the
clearest outcomes after five years in
power the center-left Democratic Party
have taken a big hit and then there's
this man the Peter Pan of Italian
politics Silvio Berlusconi couldn't
stand as a candidate because of a tax
fraud conviction but he's hoping his
forte Italia Party and their allies on
the far-right can get first pick at
trying to form a ruling coalition if
this election has proved anything it's
that many Italians wanted a clean break
from the traditional ruling parties but
what kind of government emerges is hard
to say that could take many days if not
weeks
Nadine Barber al Jazeera Rome
