this sprawling hooter belong camp near
the bangladesh myanmar border home to
nearly 600,000 revenue refugees the
majority have arrived since August one
refugee who witnessed the influx is
Kamal Hussain his lived here since he
was 2 his parents also fled violence in
Myanmar in the 90s my concern was people
are coming to Bangladesh who'd never
been here before they don't know the
place they don't know anyone they don't
know the roads where to go what to read
where to sleep we first met Kamal in
October after he set up a
missing-persons booth in the Scramble
for survivor went to Bangladesh many
refugees became separated and
disoriented he reunited some 700
families in the first two months the
Kamal has closed the booth it's no
longer needed
Roger no longer stream over the border
they're settling into kuttappa long camp
as home just like he did some 20 years
ago
my concern is I've been living here
since 1998 I came from Burma when I was
only a child now I'm 28 I'm still here
what'll happen to those who are coming
now I believe they'll suffer more who
Miami and Bangladesh governments have
been negotiating over a patreon deal
that would return more than 700 thousand
reinjure but critics say Myanmar is not
an honest broker
the government has deflected accusations
of ethnic cleansing and even genocide
and cannot be trusted to rehome the very
people it pushed out they say the latest
troop buildup on the border is a hostile
message for the revenger the whole
purpose of forcibly evicting and
destroying the communities of Rangers
across the northern ericon is that to
make sure like a you know the Burma no
longer has a ranger and as a group and
so why would Brahma take the M you know
nearly 1 million real Hindus back
many ranchers say they wouldn't return
anyway not until they have a guarantee
of safety compensation for their
destroyed villages and citizenship
something they've been denied for 35
years
Bangladesh remains saddled with 1
million revenger entirely dependent on
handouts and following Kemal and making
cooter belong camp their home Charlotte
ballast al-jazeera
