we're told the points of brexit is to
make britain grace again restore some
Rule Britannia and Victorian global
significance first stop then the people
who say the only way is to jettison
entirely the European projects they talk
of swashbuckling trade agreements with
Mexico and China we know there were 89
people at their meeting because they
voted 88 to 1 to reject their
government's plan the British people who
voted to leave wanted to have a
confident vibrant Britain back they knew
what leaving the European Union meant
and they were relying upon our MPs to
come back and deliver that deal for them
and of course they haven't because many
of them were Mainers many of them just
didn't have the spirit and will to
negotiate strongly with the European
Union up the road the other wing of the
party these people traitors to the anti
Europe brigade are fighting tooth and
nail to hold a new referendum on
whatever ends up happening their numbers
are growing and no they do not think
they're subverting democracy I believe
strongly that we need to seek the
informed consent of the people before we
proceed with brexit I've just come from
a meeting where there was an expert
there talking about food access to food
Food Policy food standards I don't
remember that being discussed in any
detail in the referendum in 2016 and I
think if the British public we're aware
of the implications of what we are doing
I think they they may consider
throughout all this the government
continues to say it is confidence of its
plan
though it's now been rejected by both
wings of its own party the European
Union and the vast majority of voters
this surely cannot last
after his conference ends on Wednesday
it will be exactly two weeks until the
European Union meets to decide if it has
any kind of offer from the British that
it can go with it isn't even clear it
will be a government in this country
then let alone a coherent plan when the
referendum happens believe slogan was
about taking back control
you couldn't possibly make it up these
people are tasked with determining the
future of the UK the rights of millions
of British and European citizens
Britain's place in the world in or out
remain or leave they don't know if
they're coming or going
something is going to have to give
Laurence Li al-jazeera burning him
