people on the move fleeing advances made
by pro Syrian government forces they
packed whatever they could carry and
headed towards towns closer to the
center of
eastern Jota displacement is adding to
their suffering pro-government forces
are advancing inside eastern Jota since
Friday they've seized at least 10% of
the 110 square kilometer and clave they
are moving in from the eastern side
forcing people to pack whatever they can
and move to other areas away from the
frontlines people are seeking shelter in
towns closer to the center this
placement is adding to their suffering
the ground offensive began just over a
week ago the territory taken is not
heavily populated it's mainly farmlands
which are hard to defend programmin
forces want to control the Duma
chiffonier road which would cut rebel
supply lines cut off the main town of
Duma and split the opposition-held
pocket in half the assault is not just
from the ground airstrikes and shelling
are targeting towns throughout the
besieged rebel stronghold the bombing
may have lessened since the five our
daily pause in the fighting ordered by
the Russian government came into effect
on Tuesday but civilians continued to be
killed it's one of the deadliest
offensives in the almost eight-year
conflict the death toll is now more than
650 rebels have been retaliating by
firing mortars into the Syrian capital
killing almost 30 people in the past two
weeks
the ability of the opposition to
threaten Damascus is one of the reasons
why the pro-government alliance wants to
recapture eastern huhta it is the last
major opposition controlled area close
to the government's seat of power
if pro-government forces take it then
there will be only one small pocket of
territory south of the capital out of
the government's control and the
pro-government alliance is making it
clear not only in its words but in its
actions that it is not ready to
compromise
it is pushing for a military victory
despite pleas from humanitarian
organizations aid hasn't reached the
almost 400,000 people believed to be in
eastern huhta the United Nations was
hoping to deliver food and medical
supplies on Sunday now it says that
won't happen this isn't the first time
restricting humanitarian access to a
besieged population has been used as a
weapon of war
