when a taxi packed with explosives off
past uma was fetching water Rahman was
sorting out his tall and cou Wanda was
clearing his shop none of them noticed
the attackers nor did members of Burkina
Faso Armed Forces who let the taxi in
the attackers enter their headquarters
the subsequent explosion sent them in
the country into panic at the same time
another attack was underway targeting
the French Embassy in its cultural
center French special forces were
deployed after hours of fighting all the
attackers were shot dead tomate Nusrat
islam al muslim ii has claimed
responsibility for the attack they say
it's in retaliation for the bombing by
French forces that killed one of the
group's leaders in February al hassan al
ansari sitting in this video on the
right was killed in that attack burkina
faso
is home to a french military base and
has increasingly been targeted by
fighters in the Sahel at the market
people are returning to work with mixed
feelings I'm not scared
I am NOT going to let the attacker put
me in a state of fear it feels uneasy
because the reality is Burkina Faso is
in the middle of a security crisis
government officials visit the Army
Headquarters the intensity of the
explosion shattered the windows of
neighboring buildings debris flew
hundreds of meters into the air bullet
holes pockmarked the building this is
supposed to be one of the safest and
most secured place in this country and
yet it's inside this building that most
people lost their lives now the Prime
Minister is talking to the troops
outside police have cordoned off this
area and there are hundreds of people
standing there in shock and they have
one question how could this attack take
place in such secured and safe areas
visiting the scene the prime minister
described what he called apocalyptic
scenes inside but he tried to reassure
the public solidarity we have to stay
united against this war that is being
imposed on us I am convinced we will win
we weren't allowed in the hospital where
the injured mostly soldiers are being
treated their friends and relatives are
worried
during if they will survive there is a
sense of despair that Burkina Faso has
become another frontline to an expanding
conflict affecting millions of people
across the Sahel Nicholas Hawk
al-jazeera waka Doo goo
