receivers on the Indonesian island of
Sulawesi are using excavators and
bulldozers to clear rubble
they're trying to find survivors in
collapsed homes and buildings like this
8 story hotel in a loop late on Monday
one team rescued a 30 April old who was
still conscious and talking
giving them hope there are others who
may still be alive but they're also
bracing for the worst
Indonesia's government is preparing mass
graves to bury the dead and to stop the
spread of disease when we find the
bodies of the victims having been
exposed for several days the bodies give
off a bad smell we must bury them fast
some two and a half million people live
in the areas affected by the 7.5
magnitude quake and tsunami that
followed these drone pictures show the
devastation from the 6th meter wall of
water that pushed inland many survivors
have spent the last days desperately
searching for loved ones there are
reports of children showing up at
medical centers searching for their
parents five of my relatives are still
missing I hope the government can help
to find them the soil was churning and
then it suddenly rose up and buried the
houses in my heart I said if this is the
time I die what more could I do I just
prayed to God some desperate survivors
are looting shops for food and water
Indonesia's government is working with
international agencies China and EU to
bring in aids experts say it will take
weeks until the full extent of the
devastation is known some of the areas
are still not accessible and getting
aids in is now the first priority roads
have been cut off by landslides and
major bridges broken down so physical
access is a real challenge the other one
is information I mean electricity is
down telecommunications are down many
people their first priority is simply
family tracing in 2004 a tsunami struck
Southeast Asia
killing some 170,000 people in Indonesia
alone in the aftermath of the recent
quake and tsunami many are asking why
warning system set up after the disaster
appeared to have failed
