these are alien mushrooms non-native
species to Eastern Utah in Avia just a
few kilometers from Syria's capital
Damascus when the siege tightened in
food supplies were exhausted quickly one
of the answers for growing protein needs
was mushrooms after testing they were in
poisonous biologists grew spores in the
labs they taught people how to upcycle
damp bed of kitchen waste and shaft from
grains so everyone with a small dark
room could become a farmer by last year
charity workers say they were producing
close to two tons of mushrooms every day
you need the right environment and tools
after we succeeded in production it
became an independent project to provide
the spores for gota
it was difficult for people to go from
the staple bread rice and meat to
mushrooms but when a kilo of salt cost
$33 a kilo of flour cost six dollars and
a kilo of rice is that 11 dollars a kilo
hungry people don't have much choice
another problem was fuel because hooter
hasn't had electricity for nearly 5
years they reused old glass to make
solar panels as sources of heat and to
generate electricity those with a little
advanced scientific knowledge built a
biogas plant which became a continuous
cost-effective source for clean energy
Luther is an agricultural region east of
Damascus so people also grew some food
but at the risk of ongoing airstrikes
and shelling from the Syrian government
side however these were small projects
which couldn't get her to the needs of
almost 400,000 residents of Eastern Buda
so most of the supplies came through a
lucrative war trade via tunnels and
government checkpoints this war economy
an extortion like tax pushed prices
multiple times to what they are on the
other side of Damascus we have been
Miz's his home in hooter after escaping
the siege he runs the charity which
helped to fund training and set up new
projects he feels abandoned by the UN
and others who he says should be doing
more than just advocacy they are calling
they are begging they are wishing but
they don't do any serious things to to
what happening in in this area which is
maybe the worst the worst besiegement in
the last 100 years since the 19 february
onslaught many of the projects have been
destroyed in the relentless bombardment
people say it's been a tough life under
siege but they will not give up their
lands to what they say is an army of
Iranian militias and Russian soldiers
and if given the chance they want to
rebuild what's been destroyed with or
without any outside help sama bin Java
delta0
Ghazi on tip the turkey-syria border
