from the dusty streets into a classroom
hadiza is finally getting an education
like 10,000 other girls
she'll have a chance to pursue her dream
of becoming a doctor thanks to a
government funding scheme for parents
her grandmother says the fact they know
a disease a school has also eased their
worries Hawking exposes girls like her
to a lot of dangers like rape getting
knocked down by vehicles she's safe and
better off here in school where the
United Nations Children's Fund launched
at we Akash assistance program in 2014
enrollment for girls and schools in
socrata state rose from 12 to 40% the
state government wants to encourage as
many girls as it can providing parents
with 41 dollars every year to keep their
daughters in the classroom they feel
uncomfortable and unwilling to release
them to go to school so we said well if
it is for the pecuniary benefit that you
are getting from the proceeds of Hawking
buy these girls release them to us let
them go to the classroom every month
we'll give you this much but critics say
corrupt local education administrators
sabotage the implementation of the first
program and fear the new one will also
fail there are some people who are
preying on the system you have to get
rid of these people and under
depoliticize education at 14 know sabor
Mohamed Hawkes spices on the streets but
still hopes one day our parents will
allow her to get an education I don't
know why they don't want me to go to
school I really want to study no
education is useless I just want to go
to school far parents the priorities to
save enough money from Hawking before
she is married it's estimated 10 million
children of school age are still warming
the streets of
although Basic Education is three
decades of official corruption have had
a devastating effect on public schools
parents who can afford to take their
kids to expensive private schools but
only a few can especially here in a
region with one of the highest rates of
poverty in Nigeria Hamid Idris al
Jazeera Sokoto
