Thursday night in Leipzig and for these
Social Democrats the hot topic is
coalition across Germany the party
members are deciding if they want to
work with angular Merkel's Christian
Democrats again young members like
Benjamin gherla are clear if hid the
cause of his sworn Indian gangshim's
club a dark there's no grand vision in
this grand coalition and I think we can
only develop that as an opposition party
I think it's not logical that the
election losers build the new government
contrast that with the views of older
members like Christoph yups he's proud
of his fifty years as a social democrat
and says pragmatism is important
I don't think age B'nai Brak realist
I think I'm a realist I don't want
Germany to become insignificant in
Europe we need to contribute in a way
that makes our continent grow together
we can only do that with a government
here that has a stable majority
certainly that's the view of the party
machine reaching this point has already
cost the leader Martin shuts his job his
designated successor and lay Annihilus
has tried hard to gain support for the
deal which many members feel is one of
the head not the heart
Kevin Coon out has led the campaign
against another ground coalition and has
encouraged thousands of people to join
the party to vote it down finish its
pitaya we've been in a grand coalition
for four years and our election
performances keep getting weaker so when
we've just had our worst ever result
it's time to ask if this is the right
way to make her party strong again
the only opinion poll taken of the party
membership so far suggests a small yes
vote at the same time the party's
popularity is lower now than in
September's election are the the party
is torn in the membership is torn
people are insecure what actually would
help the SPD to survive all of which
brings us back to Sunday's vote a yes
will mean angular Merkel remains as
Chancellor but with leading Social
Democrats in important cabinet posts and
no will mean she probably remains as
Chancellor but
with no majority in parliament no social
democrats in cabinet and facing the
possibility of new elections down the
line
Dominic Kane al Jazeera Berlin
