ibaka little shah who is desperate he is
just one of about 400,000 people trapped
in eastern hooter which is under attack
he is very ill and poor living in a
besieged enclaved means medicine and
food are hard to find
I am crying and my children are crying
because I am unable to buy anything for
them my situation is very bad we have no
money and for the past two weeks this is
what the people have been facing
airstrikes artillery shelling more than
600 civilians have already been killed
Syrian aircraft are dropping leaflets
over the besieged rebel-held eastern
huhta some provide information and what
they call safe exits out of the enclaves
others urge rebels to lay down their
arms promising amnesty if they turn
themselves in the pro-government
Alliance has been calling on civilians
to leave and blame rebels for using them
as human shields for many especially
those involved in opposition activities
crossing into government territory is
not an option there are no security
guarantees and people don't want to
leave their homes Russia is a terrorist
state and it has carried out massacres
against the people of eastern Volta the
humanitarian corridor they talk about is
aimed at displacing the people and
changing the demography of this region
there are voices of defiance from inside
the war zone but the suffering is
immense it's not clear how long they
will be able to endure the Syrian
National Coalition the main opposition
body in exile is calling on the United
States to enforce a ceasefire that was
recently adopted by the UN Security
Council it also wants Washington to stop
what it calls Russia's monopoly of
decision-making in Syria the US
President Donald Trump discussed Syria
with Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel
and Frances president a manuel McCrone
they all called on Russia to stop
bombing Eastern huhta and to force the
Syrian government to stop offensive
operations against civilian areas
destroying civilian infrastructure and
making the lives of civilians unbearable
are part of a military strategy it has
worked in the past it's now being
applied in Eastern Utah senator al
Jazeera Beirut
