America's political leadership was a few
serve in its eulogies for Billy Graham
as he lay in the Capitol Rotunda the
North Carolina farm boy walked out of
those fields into a great and beautiful
history that an evangelical preacher was
being honored this way by those who make
the law in a country where in Thomas
Jefferson's words a wall of separation
between church and state was intended to
have been built is in no small part a
result of Billy Graham's success as an
evangelist he ministered to all walks
from some of the Great's whose statues
lined this very Hall Eisenhower King
Ford and Reagan to everyday citizens
lining up to pay their respects his
preaching was welcomed by DC's powerful
and he used his position as America's
pastor to advocate for war against those
whom he felt with the us's enemies
notoriously he didn't win the support of
Richard Nixon for a plan to bomb the
dikes of northern Vietnam that could
have killed millions it's crime fear
fear fear fear and of course the
solution always was accept Jesus as your
Savior Graham's legacy as a force for
racial and interfaith tolerance is still
debated some say he broke down barriers
others that he and his formidable PR
machine shifted only as necessary his
advocacy for Soviet Jews and the State
of Israel are notable yet he was caught
on tape telling Nixon that despite being
friendly with Jews what he called their
stranglehold on American life had to be
broken he apologized for their remarks
which he said he did not remember making
he said he took down the ropes one
crusade between the blacks and whites
but he changed his story over the years
and he was never sure which city it was
and I couldn't I could find no
contemporary accounts in any news
reporting here in this room
we're reminded that America is a nation
sustained by prayer in later life Graham
expressed regret at having been so
political a figure but he opened the way
for the current ascendance of christian
fundamentalism in Washington DC from the
White House to Capitol Hill Schreiber
tanzy al-jazeera
Washington
