a rallying cry for brexit from the
British prime minister Theresa May it's
her fourth major speech on Britain's
departure from the EU in which she set
out the government's vision on future
trade ties with Europe this is a
negotiation and neither of us can have
exactly what we want but I am confident
that we can reach agreement we both want
good access to each other's markets we
want competition between us to be fair
and open and we want reliable
transparent means of verifying we are
meeting our commitments and resolving
disputes May suggested the UK would
mirror some EU rules and break away from
others to ensure a continuation of
frictionless trade with the EU she
suggested setting up a system to
mutually recognize each other's goods
and services but is all this complexity
really worth it ask one journalist the
answer is no we won't think again on
brexit the British people voted for
brexit and I think it is incumbent on
their politicians to deliver on the
decision that we asked them to take the
British prime minister has been accused
of vague and unworkable proposals by the
European Union and are being paralyzed
by divisions within her own political
party she's hoping that this key speech
will restore some credibility in her
ability to deliver on brexit but before
negotiations can move forward
outstanding issues need resolving
including what's going to happen here on
the border between Northern Ireland a
part of the UK and the Republic of
Ireland and EU member Theresa May said
the border will remain open promising a
combination of new technology and trust
to keep Goods and people moving without
a hard border our text contains on
Wednesday the --use chief brexit
negotiator Michel Barnier said Northern
Ireland should remain part of a customs
territory with the EU after brexit
Theresa May says any EU attempt to
effectively annex the region will never
happen she now has to provide more
detail on how her high-tech plan will
work
the UK and EU also can't agree on what's
going to happen immediately after
breakfast during the two-year transition
period the EU wants its courts to have
the final say and any disputes and for
EU nationals arriving during that time
to have the same rights as those
arriving before brexit - resumes
rejected the plans these and other
issues need to be resolved before the EU
summit on March the 22nd without any
progress trade remains off the table and
negotiations embark at Al Jazeera London
