the biggest fan of the Second Amendment
many of you are there been vague
promises of executive action from the
president and much discussion among
lawmakers on both sides of the aisle but
as yet they are no concrete signs of any
substantive tightening of the us's
notoriously lacks gun control
legislation some corporations are not
waiting for Congress to take action
several major businesses Walmart Dick's
Sporting Goods Kroger and the latest LL
Bean have announced they are
unilaterally raising the minimum age for
gun sales and will no longer sell guns
to customers younger than 21 federal law
states that no one under 21 may buy a
handgun but confusingly any 18 year old
or above can buy a semi-automatic rifle
with no background checks or training
it's time the Sens say some CEOs when we
looked at those kids and we saw what the
grief that they were going through and
how these kids organized to really have
their voices heard
we talked amongst ourselves and said if
these kids can be brave enough to do
this then we should be brave enough to
make us make a stand ourselves these are
difficult decisions for business but
nevertheless eventually the personal
conscience the moral conscience kicks in
and it has to be balanced with all of
the stakeholders in the shareholder
interest as well and social media
reaction to the dicks decision is mixed
some calling the company anti-american
others welcoming the move and calling it
courageous Delta Airlines is among the
companies that has ended discount deals
for the powerful National Rifle
Association the NRA but that comes at a
financial cost Republican lawmakers in
Georgia have killed a tax break for the
company in its jet fuel costs
retaliation that will cost Delta
billions of dollars the NRA itself has
lashed out at what it calls a shameful
display of political and civic cowardice
despite the National horror at recurring
school shootings US society remains as
polarized on gun cocks
issues as never before the
constitutional right to bear arms being
vigorously asserted even as children
continue to be killed
Mike Hara al Jazeera New York
