a rainy Monday night in the Sicilian
city of Palermo and they're pushing to
get into the theater the man they've all
come to see is the leader of the five
star movement what they all have in
common is a desire to take back
political control from people who they
believe have failed them different is
not a classical politician organization
so we it's made by from people every
person to cook we may cooperate to do
something for himself or for the
community for the other person and
that's exciting for you yes in he came
just 31 years old
Luigi DeMaio spoke for nearly an hour
without notes
he didn't mention immigration once the
touchstone issue for a right-wing
looking to turn working-class Italians
against refugees but he mocked endlessly
the corruption of mainstream politics
which he said made Italy an
international joke we had been asked
only from one side and Renzi from the
other they stole the future from my
generation I can't understand how they
dare to show their faces and promise to
change things when they had twenty years
in government and didn't do anything the
whole points was about transparency the
message that Italy needs a totally new
politics in all honesty many of five
stars policies are still written on the
level of bullet points and lack a lot of
detail but nonetheless for all these
people what this party represents is the
basic howl of outrage against a
perceived corrupt and useless political
class and that and that alone looks like
being enough to make five star the
biggest party in Italy in this election
five star has been on a journey no
longer the shouty populism of their
founder bepah Grillo no longer do they
want Italy to leave the euro or the
European Union but they still insist
they will never do coalition deals with
the other parties they despise instead
five star now demands a totally green
economy funded by a publicly owned
investment bank which organizes the
universal basic income for the poor in
chaotic cities like Rome these ideas
look incredibly difficult to achieve but
it seems less important than the facts
that they say them at all first our
movement is a sort of Ketchel party they
are posted illogical and they try to
collect consensus and electors from
every part of political market so this
kind of list of desires to some extent
is really wonderful but there is a a lot
of problems in the possibility of
concrete translation in policies at the
final rally in Rome the crowd numbered
several thousands the Italian public is
understandably cynical about politics
and many complain that five star won't
be any different to the rest of them
their leaders are urging against apathy
though if they want to govern alone they
will need the backing of hundreds of
thousands of undecided voters to give
them any chance Laurence Li al Jazeera
in Italy
