a result marked by Cheers Macedonians
who took the time to vote to change the
country's name to North Macedonia did so
by a landslide
enough says Prime Minister Zoran Ziya to
go ahead with a decision I know the
opposition knows all the citizens know
there is and there can be no better
agreement with Greece there is and there
can be no alternative to Macedonia's
membership of NATO and EU let's not play
games with our unity and our Macedonia
despite the applause and the defiance
the vote was to all intents and purposes
a non-starter only a third of the
country's electorate voted meaning the
referendum didn't meet the requirement
of a 50 percent turnout many stayed away
after nationalist campaigners urged
people to boycott the vote the Prime
Minister's Ioffe says he'll seek
parliamentary approval for the name
change even though opinion on the street
is divided the referendum was held and
people express their opinion I think
more than 650,000 citizens who said what
they think about joining NATO and the
European Union is enough the campaign
that was promoting the yes vote put an
emphasis on European values and the
European way of life but if we look at
the time since Prime Minister Ze'ev took
power the people who promoted this are
not true representatives of those values
values that are now at a crossroads yet
nationalists and the country's president
are vowing to fight against the name
change you know we all a part of some
group our language culture and if you
lose that then you're worth nothing here
and in the world this was always going
to be a contentious vote and ultimately
the name change will come down to how
much popular will there is for the
country to join the European Union and
NATO instead Sonia Gallo al Jazeera
