a domestic dispute turned deadly police
say when a university student killed his
parents and flecked leading more than a
hundred police officers on a manhunt he
should be considered armed and dangerous
if you encounter mr. Davis campus police
at Central Michigan University say they
took 19 year-old James Eric Davis jr. to
a hospital Thursday night due to a
drug-related incident on Friday morning
the parents who came to take him back to
Suburban Chicago for Spring Break were
dead police could not say why Eric Davis
senior was a former Army National Guard
officer and part-time policeman who had
served in Iraq
his wife Deva was a cancer survivor the
shooting put the University on lockdown
leaving students behind closed doors
helicopters and police cruisers scouring
the area for a wanted gunman the gunman
left no note no explanation in the
shooting coming just two weeks after
another 19 year old gunned down 17
people at a high school in Florida
increases pressure on President Donald
Trump and Congress to increase
restrictions on guns in America vice
president Mike Pence was in Detroit a
two-hour drive from the shooting in
Mount Pleasant Michigan
our hearts go out to the fallen to
everyone in the mountain Pleasant
community that's been impacted and
especially to the local state and
federal agencies who are working
together as we speak on the apprehension
and the investigation with most students
now gone on spring break police are now
searching the gunman's dormitory for
clues as to why a family reunion turned
deadly
John Hendren al Jazeera Mount Pleasant
Michigan
