downtown Wagga dugu on Friday another
attack at the heart of Burkina Faso's
capital coordinated and well-planned the
targets the Army Headquarters the French
Embassy and its cultural center
witnesses say some of the attackers came
by taxi others in a pickup they started
shooting set fire to the truck and
continued to fire there was so much
gunfire damage everywhere
two policemen went nearby the Army
Headquarters there was a car with around
four to six people they opened fire
there was an explosion we saw a lot of
shots fired and a lot of smoke and then
people started running eight soldiers
were killed several others wounded and
sent to hospital after an hour long gun
battle eight attackers were killed by
the Armed Forces the army continued to
comb the area looking for more attackers
that may be on the loose fighter groups
in the Sahel repeatedly target Burkina
Faso the country's capital is home to
base for the French special forces
deployed in the Sahel to fight rebel
groups clashes and frequent attacks have
led to tens of thousands of people
fleeing the area fighters regularly
attack police outposts in the north of
the country last year an al-qaeda
affiliated group attacked a Turkish
restaurant in Wagga dugu killing 19
people in 2016 30 people died in another
attack on a hotel in a restaurant in the
city but this is the most brazen attack
so far these three locations are some of
the most safest and secured in this
country many people here say if they're
able to attack these places then no one
is safe with the death toll likely to
rise Burkina Faso is again in mourning
fearing what could come next
