hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
stories were following this week the
rise of Xi Jinping and the part the
Chinese news media have played in that
the coverage of ahead Tamimi the
Palestinian who doesn't fit the mold the
two biggest media companies in the world
Comcast and Disney both want big pieces
of Rupert Murdoch's media empire and
celebrity journalism the dark side the
India news media on the death of a
Bollywood legend the news release was
nondescript bordering on the routine
given the kind of news being delivered
it came from China's state-owned news
service and simply said that the
Communist Party proposes to abolish term
limits on the presidency paving the way
for President Xi Jinping to stay in
office as long as the party is willing
to keep him there the reaction online
was instant and critical but those posts
were quickly censored none of the
criticism made it into China's
mainstream media state-owned outlets
which make up the bulk of the news
landscape in China swung into propaganda
mode singing she's praises stressing the
importance of his leadership to the
nation media have long been political
tools in China but five years into Xi's
rule the Fourth Estate has been melded
much more thoroughly into the political
machine they are a central component in
the cultivation of Xi's image and the
backing of his policies securing his and
the party's hold on power our starting
point this week is Vijay
it's what's known in the news business
as burying the lede Beijing issues a
list proposed amendments to China's
Constitution 21 of them tucked away at
number 14 the end of term limits for the
president a momentous change that would
allow a Jin ping to remain at the helm
of the planet's most populous country a
growing superpower
social media was already blowing up as
the first newscast on the state-owned
CCTV went to air Jason got a Nadel yo
are you too generous yeah the coverage
of all those constitutional amendments
was dense painstakingly dull with no
real explanations given it took them 18
minutes to get to the real story
amendment number 14 which also got the
surface treatment to Hardiman concur go
to see photo see my children cheek
function Gordon integradoc we May 18
she's young calm thereafter the
state-controlled news media in China had
a sales job on their hands we saw on
Monday the day after the announcement of
the proposal that people's daily
published a long piece basically saying
you know that Chinese people really
welcome the abolishment of the term
limits and it quoted a whole bunch of
ordinary Chinese people basically
praising it and saying this was a great
decision and it seemed like almost you
know an answer to all of the criticisms
of a media
official media like the people's daily
have gone bankrupt in terms of trust
people will not pay attention to what
they say anymore that is not to say that
the party paper has absolutely no
influence over the people the influence
is limited and they have no choice but
to follow the script yard was dry
what criticism there was of the
announcement was confined to social
media almost 3/4 of a billion Chinese
are online platforms such as Twitter and
Facebook are banned but the country's
microblogging equivalent sign away bow
has more users 340 million the vast
majority of them in China than Twitter
does around the world Weibo has long
been a principal platform for political
dissent with users often hiding behind
fake names since last year Beijing has
made it mandatory for Weibo users to
register with their real names
dissidents can still find ways though to
get their messages out cryptically
sometimes taking advantage of the
flexibility of Chinese languages and
their written characters sometimes using
fictional figures to make political
points about real people in power we
need the Pooh's kind of a stand-in for
Xi Jinping I guess it's because she
didn't paint it a little bit like short
and pudgy we saw memes of Winnie the
Pooh being crowned king
we need the Pooh holding a honey pot
with the message if you find something
you love you better stick with it so
kind of funny but they're also
subversive and they were something
pretty quickly but it's important to
note that Chinese Internet users are not
standing for the general population
because people who use social media tend
to be more educated they tend to be
urban and young so that is not really
representative of the population at
large or Edina Tomatina so with Victoria
Chinese society has become quite
diversified different people have
different opinions it's a sign of a
sophisticated society with Weibo and
WeChat being so advanced these days you
hear many different voices there's
nothing wrong with that
however in traditional Chinese culture
there is a need for a guiding voice a
leading will so the official press has
to convey the significance behind the
amendments the Constitution quantal or
societies who hear
the Chinese media space has a recent
history of opening up slightly only to
close again based on events prior to the
Tiananmen Square protests of 1989
journalists had enjoyed a period of
relative freedom which ended in the
aftermath of the crackdown restrictions
were loosened again prior to the 2008
Olympics in Beijing then tightened again
once the foreign media contingent had
gone home
five years later Xi Jinping took power
having marketed himself as an
anti-corruption champion by the time he
toured China's top three state-owned
news outlets in 2016 the anti-graft
campaign was in full swing and the media
outlets reporting on that story played a
central part in it she did not mince
words the president told journalists
working at CCTV among others that their
ultimate loyalty must be to the
Communist Party as he put it the party
and the media were part of the same
family she enjoyed having grown up in
the era of Mao Xi Jingping accepted the
education of that time and believes that
the propaganda that arrow was useful he
has returned to the propaganda model of
the Cultural Revolution with its
emphasis on strong leadership and cult
of personality however he wants to
disassociate himself from the negative
side of the Cultural Revolution and just
make use of the power of the cult of
personality
that's your shot when we shared there's
a girl in doll into the under the
current regime there is a much greater
control over the press than we've seen
previously the censorship has become
much more severe journalists who don't
tow the party line now receive harsher
treatment when they do actually report
they only put out good news and reduce
the so-called
negative energy or whatever is critical
control of the press is after an
unprecedented level content anything
actionable another kind of overarching
trend that's happened during she's
administration is his drive to
circumvent the bureaucracy by putting
his trusted loyalists in places of power
in large part through this
anti-corruption campaign and state media
has not been an exception to that there
was a big anti-corruption purge at CCTV
which is the state broadcaster and one
of the country's most famous television
anchors breach Hong Kong basically
disappeared one day it was really a
clear message of the network that they
had really better behave
in most countries where governments take
an authoritarian approach to the media
there are clear red lines established
that which cannot be said about a ruler
or a policy China takes that approach a
step further recommending terminology
for the media to use in November of last
year the Communist Party issued
so-called guidance to the news media
advising them to focus on the fact the
general secretary Xi Jinping is a leader
with the support of the whole party is
beloved and esteemed by the people and
is fully worthy and deserving he'll
always attended something is yeah that
is the message they're trying to send
does it have any impact for Chinese
nationalists or people who are not as
clued into the news they will see
positive that the leader and the people
are united but I don't think it has an
effect on people who are more in my
opinion the most important thing is not
how the government commands the media
how it plans its messaging but rather if
there's some room for the media to
express different opinions do they have
any freedom of speech is it possible
that the party could control even more
media if so then with this kind of
propaganda no matter how unsophisticated
it is it is easy to brainwash the crowd
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar today with one of
our producers will young will sky the
European broadcast are launched by
Rupert Murdoch is the target of another
takeover bid what are the details well
it's a new bid Richard and it's from
Comcast the US media giant which is
already the world's biggest
entertainment company Comcast announced
this past week that it's prepared to pay
just over 30 billion dollars for a
controlling interest in sky PLC which is
Europe's biggest pay TV broadcaster so
where would that leave the Murdoch's
very much on the outside looking in
Murdoch
currently owns 39% of Sky through 21st
Century Fox and last year the Murdoch's
tried to buy the remaining 61%
British regulators stepped in and said
that may not be in the public interest
since it would leave one company holding
far too much power in the UK news media
bear in mind that Murdoch also controls
more than 30 percent of the UK newspaper
market but comcast is not the only
bidder in on this is it that's right in
December Disney which is the world's
second biggest entertainment company put
in a bid for a sizeable chunk of
Murdoch's 21st Century Fox which would
have included his stake in Sky but this
bid from Comcast is bigger sky is an
important target because it has 21
million paying subscribers across the UK
Ireland Italy and Germany so that would
help both companies to diversify into
the European market but no matter who
ends up buying Sky the Murdock's are
clearly moving away from entertainment
and refocusing on the side of the media
industry where Rupert got his start the
news business all right moving on we now
know a little bit more about a case of a
photo journalist in Kashmir he's already
spent five months behind bars one of the
specifics here well the photo journalist
in question is 22 year old Kamran Yusuf
who was among a dozen Kashmir e's
arrested during unrest back in September
now this past week we've learned that
he's accused by the national
investigative agency which is India's
counterterrorism force of supporting
quote anti-national activities and they
say he's not a real journalist they're
arguing that a real journalist would
have performed a reporter's moral duty
which is to cover both the good
and the bad and good news stories they
say would be things like hospital
openings school openings or social
programs undertaken by the Indian Army
so what is this the Indian authorities
defining the kind of journalism that
they approve of sort of like an official
editorial policy being delivered from on
high in a way yes and it's quite
unprecedented they're also arguing the
use of isn't even a professional
journalist because he's never received
any formal training but that's true of
the majority of photographers currently
working in Kashmir
now Amnesty International who are
following use of space say he could face
life imprisonment if convicted and this
fits in with a pattern of intensifying
pressure on journalists in Kashmir ever
since Prime Minister Narendra Modi
introduced his more hardline policy in
the region okay thanks well Palestinians
in the occupied territories are among
the most watched people on the planet
they're under the constant gaze of
Israeli soldiers but in the Israeli
media Palestinians are not as visible as
you might think and when they are
covered they're often framed as problems
for the most part security problems the
relative absence of Palestinians in
Israel's media does have an effect on
audiences to the extent that many
Israelis refuse to believe that an
occupation that has lasted more than
half a century now even exists but the
story of a young Palestinian girl and
her confrontation with an Israeli
soldier that landed her in prison has
got people talking part of what makes
our head to Mimi's story different comes
down to appearances she does not fit the
Israeli stereotype of what Palestinians
look like the coverage of that one
incident one event is a case study of a
narrative in dispute and this past week
two nimmi's cousin in his story we're
also being argued across the media there
the listening-posts
Tarek NAFA now on the case the coverage
and the incarceration of a head to Mimi
these are the everyday encounters
residents of Neffe Salah have with
Israeli soldier any have had the power
to shift perceptions and news narratives
the way this one has a video of it then
16 year old I had the tomini outside her
home in the occupied West Bank the video
resonated far beyond Israel's borders
turning to me me into a villain a hero a
paid provocateur and a symbol of
resistance what happens with that it's a
mini case is that it it got a massive
coverage in the outside which we haven't
seen lately when it comes to Palestine
and I think that confused the Israeli
propaganda machine they didn't know how
to deal with this button you're raising
your daughter ahead as a propagator is a
violent gangster they prefer to find
ways to easily Chatham eyes or put
doubts on the Tamimi family the first
reaction of the Israeli public they
loved this clip and everyone shared it
saying look they are very proud of the
Israeli soldier for constraining himself
shinier I didn't know telly and each
manatee bigger bug do larger then
something interesting happened then
people starting to watch it from a
different angle how do we let a little
girl talk like that and threatening in
hitting a soldier and we do nothing
defeating shamah is limiting there
really were two narratives one was of
the heroic soldier who did not respond
to the blow he received the second
narrative was of the weak soldier who
should have for instance taken the
weapon and deliver the blow with it even
fired a shot both of these narratives
entirely ignore the Palestinian I let
them in and this reminds us that in
Israeli media Palestinians actually do
not exist for the staining beds and okay
I mean the imagined
Tinian women are all oppressed passive
veiled always in the background ahead is
the extreme opposite of that she's young
has supposedly European features she
reflects the image Israelis have of
themselves suddenly a Palestinian
sabotages that self-image so how did
they deal with it
they say look at her hair look at her
eyes she can't be Palestinian she's just
acting Palestinian and all of this is
just theater yella Dame ballet Kazuto
malavita demon a machine in South London
a beloved medic I I feel me Markova come
a base full of for the Israeli media
reaction to Tamimi cannot be understood
without examining the case of ello
Azaria Azaria is an Army medic
who in 2016 was filmed executing a
Palestinian man who just tried to stab a
soldier he was put on trial which
outraged many Israelis some in the media
argued it would limit the ability of
soldiers to act decisively in the future
now having seen that slap go
unchallenged
they say it should not go unpunished one
israeli journalist ben caspere's wrote
that a price would be best extracted
from Tamimi on another occasion in the
dark without witnesses and cameras we're
not talking here about an unknown
journalist we are talking about one of
the most influential and important
journalists in Israeli society who wrote
an article full of insinuations that are
really horrifying everyone can imagine
what he's referring to when he writes
about a lesson in the dark with no
cameras l max would Fahad
the presence of cameras helps fuel a
media war both sides understand that
sometimes the right image at the right
time can be a powerful weapon this was
not I headed to Mimi's first viral
encounter with an Israeli soldier images
like this one turned her into a national
icon aged 11 at 14 a video of her trying
to pull her brother from the grips of a
soldier received international attention
which is why so many people in Israel
refused to believe the latest video was
anything more than a provocation a trap
designed to elicit a violent response
that could be used to discredit Israel
abroad the Tamizh high profile
resistance to an illegal land grab by a
neighboring Israeli settlement has made
them a target of the Israeli military
my head's cousin Mohammad was shot in
the head minutes before the now-infamous
slap but the Army has cast doubt on the
story calling it fake news saying the
injury that led to a third of his skull
being removed was caused not by a bullet
but a bike crash and the Tamizh home has
been raided dozens of times often in the
dead of night I want now all the people
in this room right now for us since the
beginning of our protest we decide to
use media as another way of or another
tool of non-violence resistance media is
a very important tool and there we could
see this clearly with the attack we are
facing now it's a birth care worldwide
would try to cover our stories from all
over the world the sound you hear is
volleys of tear gas and rubber coated
metal bullets being fired by his ready
soldiers a routine occurrence in never
saw them otherwise we're having the
tools to record and having new media
enables you to challenge the Israeli
authorities narrative we can instantly
document and stream the moment live this
has changed the conflict equation to
some degree the movies case can be seen
within the frame of the rise of new
media if there are no cameras the issue
would have been handed in a completely
different way not just this case but
plenty of cases buts unlike others this
case has received a level of exposure
Palestinians rarely get in the media The
Listening Post tried repeatedly to speak
with Israel's two largest TV stations
about their coverage but they refused to
speak to us on the record off the record
some of those we spoke to defended their
coverage of Palestinians and rejected
the notion that they're telling Israeli
audiences exactly what they want to hear
conflict doesn't sell if you watch
commercial channels and websites and
newspaper you hardly read about the
conflict because we can live without
knowing about the suffering of the
Palestinians it's not hurting us even in
Tammy's case they decided now to close
the doors and do the trials without the
Israel in media because nobody want to
hear they on TV news broadcasts you can
track ratings minute by minute and when
a feature about Arabs does not present
them in an entirely negative way and
actually even if it does present them in
an entirely negative way the ratings go
down all the commercial media outlets
know that not only will you lose
audience interest you'll later receive
complaints asking why you're even
dealing with them they're our enemies
we're not supposed to know anything
about the data lane shoulder bow
finding balance on this story is
particularly difficult given the media's
comfortable relationship with the
military
almost every Israeli serves in the army
some of the country's top editors and
reporters even learnt their craft in the
army radio station that's intimacy is
best illustrated by Israel's military
correspondents what really stood out in
the segment broadcast by channel 10 is
the way the military reporter or Heller
speaks for the IDF spokesperson as he
does every day actually you can
criticize the political system but you
cannot criticize the army the media is
serving the army these military
correspondents are the mouthpiece of the
military industry when it comes to the
occupation of Palestinians they
reproduce the propaganda of the Israeli
military and they don't challenge it an
establishment media that mostly protects
the image of the army audiences that
have little time for nuanced
representations and Palestinians and
journalists who are happy to keep it
that way
and the hero a villain for the Internet
age being tried behind closed doors in a
military course within a hundred percent
conviction rate this is how you render a
50 year occupation invisible finally
like it or not we live in a
celebrity-driven culture and when a
famous person passes away in mysterious
circumstances like Bollywood film star
Sri Devi who was found dead recently in
her hotel room bathtub in Dubai that
story is considered news for journalists
there's a fine line not to be crossed
between answering the questions of the
curious and respecting the memory of the
deceased news outlets in India however
crossed that line repeatedly on this
story through lurid speculation innuendo
and exhausting amounts of hypothesizing
even seasoned news junkies found the
coverage difficult to stomach as the
bounds of good taste fell victim to the
lust for ratings and clicks we'll see
you next time here at The Listening
cursed
let's be upfront tonight actor three
Davies death is not an open-and-shut
case specially after the postmortem
report is concluded it was an accidental
death by drowning who filled that up
that is very important normally that dub
is not filled initially so who filled
the dubs adequately so that the body can
drown or float into that completely WMD
page three panic Walla tkc party machine
live in a sheriff yo who's the no no no
Sheriff abuse in a bathroom Mecca in
Pune Kapooka surprise visit whopper wah
is Chabad pop up top degree or
accidental drowning sea
this is the case viewers which is not
being investigated
just by UAE authorities alone it's being
investigated frankly by everyone
