maiya common you lean crews thanks for
joining me on upfront it's been five
months since Hurricane Maria devastated
the u.s. territory of Puerto Rico where
you're the mayor of the capital city San
Juan right now what in your view is the
single biggest challenge for people
living on that Island how bad is the
situation there still a first of all
Medi thank you very much for the
opportunity to continue to update other
viewers in the United States and around
the world right now the aftermath of
Maria has if I had to summarize it has
contributed to a age social meltdown
suicide rates have gone up crime is at
the same level that it was before Maria
which was at a high level still about 30
percent of the population does not have
any electricity
we have towns in the inner side of the
island that have no electricity and
whatsoever and and the reconstruction
and transformation of Puerto Rico does
not seem to get off the ground we have
been granted four point nine billion
dollars in a loan by the government of
the United States we haven't gotten one
single cent of that loan so we are
looking at in the next months a a
deepening of a social crisis that was
there before mighty Adam but that
definitely was widened and much more
aggressive after but yet you said you
you said at the start thank you for the
opportunity to update the world and US
viewers do you feel in Puerto Rico that
you've been abandoned by the world
abandoned by the US because you're not a
US state but you are an unincorporated
US territory the 3.5 million people who
live there are US citizens do you feel
abandoned by the US government how would
you judge the current US government
response to this social meltdown in
Puerto Rico the US government response
has been inadequate
has been inefficient and has been
inappropriate and there has been some
people in the Trump administration that
have been
I would say honest enough that they have
admitted to that but the American people
have been very upfront have been very
open-hearted in the world so we have to
make a very big differentiation between
the Trump administration which will now
say that they're dumping millions of
dollars in Puerto Rico and and what we
want to make sure the American people
know is that we haven't received that
money that transformation has not taken
place US government agencies and
institutions were widely criticized for
their handling of Puerto Rico's crisis a
UN rights expert even said quote we
can't fail to note the dissimilar
urgency and priority given to the
emergency response in Puerto Rico
compared to the US states affected by
hurricanes in recent months do you
believe we're Tirico was treated
differently unfairly and if so why most
definitely and it's not only my believe
but it's a widespread belief of the
people of Puerto Rico I think probably
it had to do a little bit of because of
ignorance it was also an issue of
putting standard operating procedures
into a different circumstance and not
being able to adapt and overcome that
was one thing too when that happened
there was a stubborn streak in the Trump
administration leader by President Trump
himself that everything was okay but
this was a good news story and they
continue to do everything they could in
order to ensure that this was a good
news story there were even some emails
written by the Pentagon stating that we
continue to have a lot of difficulty
making sure that this story is perceived
as a good news story and they even named
me as one of the reasons why they
weren't able to produce them just
sticking with the actual relief effort
do you think Texas Louisiana Florida got
more help from the US government from
the federal government more attention
from the US media in the wider US public
than the people of Puerto Rico because
Puerto Ricans are Latin they're in the
Caribbean they're residents of a former
colony do you think prejudice played a
role racism even well we are a colony
the United
it's when all the decisions that are
important to you are made by the
Congress of the United States I I wish I
didn't have to say this because it is
very strong but we are a calling of the
United States I'm wondering about
motivations are you saying when
President Trump and his colleagues look
at Puerto Rico are they looking at
Puerto Ricans as a different type of
people to the people who live in Florida
Texas Louisiana that's what I'm
wondering is your view not most
definitely in the budget effort and
their continued strategy of saying we're
doing a great job
it's there look right now and I'll use
the municipality of Sun one we used 21
million dollars of the municipality of
San Juan in order to ensure that we were
prepared for both hurricanes
irma and marina we still have not gotten
11 point 2 million dollars reimbursement
back from feet this is the largest
municipality in Puerto Rico this is
repeating itself throughout the entire
island nation of Puerto Rico and what
that does is that it hinders the new
municipality in the city's ability to
provide essential services like medicine
providing medicine to people just to be
clear than and to clarify you're saying
that the US government's botched
response what you call botched response
to Hurricane Maria and the situation
Brio Rico was affected by racism on the
part of the Trump administration towards
Puerto Rico
it could be affected by racism it could
be affected by ignorance
it could be affected by the inability to
adapt standard operating procedures
because there was no sense of urgency
and there still seems to be no sense of
urgency if you approve a four point nine
billion loan in November and you still
haven't given one cent for the recovery
there's no sense of urgency there after
you publicly criticize the US
government's relief efforts President
Donald Trump attacked you on Twitter and
suggested you were a politically
motivated ingrate with poor leadership
you responded by calling him unfit to
lead why do you think he came after you
personally like that were you surprised
to see those two
No you know that's the way the precedent
deals with people that tell the truth
and this is not about me this is not
about the President of the United States
we happen to have the cameras in front
of it so we had an opportunity and he
had an opportunity to lead he had an
opportunity to say look we haven't done
what is right we haven't done enough but
then he decided to grade himself and
give himself a 10 out of a 10 I've said
this and I will continue to say it if
you are a leader and you grade yourself
in a humanitarian crises and you are
utterly satisfied well five months into
it 30% of the Puerto Rican population
still does not have electricity and I
mean you need to regrade yourself
clearly president Trump has issues with
honesty and ego but you produce some
pretty inflammatory language in the
aftermath of that hurricane you
suggested that the federal government's
failure to provide food water and the
rest could amount to quote genocide
looking back now that was an absurd
thing to say was it not no it was not if
you're a Porter rink you think the Trump
administration was deliberately trying
to kill the people of Puerto Rico yeah
that's what a genocide is the deliberate
killing of I think that would they did I
believe me I know what a genocide is and
to fold myself properly what I said that
it would amount to almost something
similar to genocide and I would still
save it five hundred thousand people
have left Puerto Rico 30 percent of our
population we don't want electricity to
have air-conditioning we want
electricity to be able to operate in
hospitals without having to use the
lights in our cell phones we want
electricity to be able to have our
children go to school on a normal day
and not on a part-time basis as we're
doing right now we want electricity to
be able to jumpstart our economy to
depend less on what we are given and to
do more unto ourselves even before the
hurricane hit Puerto Rico was in the
midst of a major financial crisis nearly
half the population lived under the
poverty line the unemployment rate has
tripled out of the u.s. the island was
73 billion dollars in
it declared bankruptcy last summer
before becoming mayor of San Juan you
yourself served in Puerto Rico's House
of Representatives for four years how
much responsibility should the island's
political class yourself included take
for the dire economic situation in
Puerto Rico even before the hurricane in
oh we need to own up to our own mistakes
and I've set that over and over that's
why I say we need to just use this
opportunity to transform the way that we
look at things to transform the way that
we do things to depend less in what it's
sent in a matter of help from outside
and to do more for unto itself this is
why I continue to ask anyone that would
listen we need to be able to build for
example solar panels in Puerto Rico so
anyone out there listening come to San
Juan we will make it worth your while
but we also need to ensure that the
monies that are coming are not money's
be used only to hire companies from the
US that come to Puerto Rico but to hire
locally so that the money stays in
locally and that we can revamp our
economy we need to be able to plug in
into the world economy you've been a
very outspoken critic of the governor
and the Puerto Rican government's plans
to privatize power companies and
infrastructure in the wake of the
hurricane but what's your alternative to
privatization is all very well saying we
let's not privatize but given the dire
economic situation Puerto Rico's in what
would you be doing instead if you were
governor I'm not the governor I'm the
mayor of the city of San Juan but you
don't have to be the governor to be able
to have an opinion right so there's two
areas that have to do with electricity
the generation and the transmission the
transmission areas is now being rebuilt
completely and it's been updated but
it's been updated to fossil fuel so we
need to continue to have very specific
targets and goals to transform and
generate a lot more of our energy from
solar energy from the wind and from the
oats desalinization plants in order to
get our water ok one final question
mayor cruz do you have plans to run for
Puerto Rico's governorship yourself in
2020 to make
this stuff that you're talking about
happen some of your critics say that's
why you've been so outspoken in recent
months to boost your political profile I
have said that this is not the time for
political calculations this is a time
first you're not ruling it out which we
have a real issue in Puerto Rico with
crime and we have to have some very
difficult conversations about the future
of the status of Puerto Rico but about
how we transform and how do we make sure
then we move forward from this
humanitarian and economic crisis come
and you lean cruise thank you very much
for joining me on upfront thank you for
the opportunity
