hi I'm Willie cupola and you're in the
stream today a wave of African Americans
are choosing to move to the African
continent but why and what happens when
they get there
join the conversation using the hashtag
Ajay stream or if you're watching live
on YouTube you'll eventually see us in
that box you can leave your comments in
the chat box and you too could be in the
stream
my name is Chimamanda Adichie I'm a
writer
in recent years thousands of African
Americans have made the decision to
quote return home to the African
continent many say they want to escape
the racial pressure pot of the United
States while someone to connect to the
land of their ancestors for others
countries like Ghana wooed them with an
easy immigration process and the promise
of a better life
though many in African countries are
welcoming of the Americans in their
midst not everyone is thrilled by their
new neighbors so joining us to talk
about all of this in Accra Ghana
mohammed al mohammed and media
consultant she also made the documentary
film blacks it about the migration of
African Americans in Cape Town South
Africa Lea tasuku - he's an
anthropologist and social literacy
consultant in Namibia
kaylynn reads she panga she's a
journalist and editor of the website
African American in Africa and here in
our studio Barrett pitner a writer and
journalist focusing on race culture and
politics in the United States welcome to
the stream everyone so this is a
conversation that is very hot for their
audience they love this topic and so
everyone wanted to chime in with why
people might want to move to the
continent of Africa this is just one of
the tweets we got this is from Edmond
who says it's about identity events like
the slave trade and colonial rule almost
wiped away that African identity and
thank goodness people are once again
asking deep questions about that
identity so Kailyn I want to go to you
with that idea talking about the draw of
what made you want to leave the US and
move to Namibia I have a picture here on
my laptop that I pulled up of you
not too long ago you teaching English
talk to us about that experience and and
what made it so enticing for you um you
know but basically by the time I was
about 23 24 years old I personally just
became kind of tired and bored of
America and I just really fell in love
with the energy and vibrancy that came
with black nations especially after
visiting Barbados which is where I have
matrilineal lineage and so I basically
decided that you know I wanted to
experience life on the African continent
and so I I started doing research on the
internet about ways to move to Africa
and I found out that one of the the
easiest ways was through volunteer
teaching and so I applied to an American
organization and that's how I ended up
in Namibia and you know the rest is
history I ended up getting married to an
Indian I'm now a mother here but really
just for me it was you know I personally
was was kind of unsatisfied with with
American life and I've always felt a
connection just to to the continent and
into my African ancestry and just so the
energy of black nations and so it was
really attractive and it's been an
intoxicating experience so you mentioned
that I had to chuckle at tired and bored
of living in America and the American
context really so Mohammed I want to go
to you with that idea I pulled up on my
screen here an article about you
headlined why some African Americans are
moving to Africa this is from our
colleague Azad Issa on the al Jazeera
English site and you decided to move to
Ghana for a one-year fellowship in 2014
and then stayed what was behind that
decision well actually I did graduate
school in Ghana in 2003 but I didn't
feel like it was time for me to move yet
you know there things like the things on
the place that I came back ten years
later in 2013 I had an amazing
experience there was so much development
that had happened in that time that I
was like now is the time I applied for a
fellowship and the one-year fellowship I
figured that would give me enough time
to you know get the lay of the land
and see how much I liked it and at the
end of one year I was like I'm here I'm
not going anywhere and I've been here
since then very you heard those two
experiences will go through your mind
when you hear that it makes a lot of
sense and you know because frankly
people not being enjoying living in the
United States or having issues as an
African American in the United States
that makes a lot of sense and you know
there's plenty of African Americans who
have ganda you know countries in Europe
and it felt more comfortable in Europe
than they have in America so going to
Africa and feeling you know this this
connection to more you know African
people which that doesn't necessarily
mean that it's your home per se where
you go back and like you're rekindling
something that you you have like a very
real connection that you you know you
you're not saying that connection is
completely gone but the the comfort
level and the ability to adapt and
thrive in that environment it makes it
makes a lot of sense and so I can see
why people would be you know interested
in doing so okay so then I want to throw
a little dynamite into this conversation
here are some people who are not so
interested this is V McNeil who tweets
definitely not African American blood
runs in the veins and sinews of the
United States we should make this
country more fair and equitable to
people of color not cut and run so to
speak we also got a video comment from
someone who thinks similarly along those
lines and she's also a former stream
guest serene writes in synthesis video
on this point have a listen as a
descendent of American chattel slavery I
don't necessarily feel the need to go
back to Africa a place that I've never
been in order to reconnect with my roots
because I feel like my roots are right
here in the United States where my
ancestors literally gave their lives
building this country as enslaved people
they suck their blood sweat and tears
into this country and I don't feel it's
necessary for me to leave to find my
roots so buried you wrote a piece and
2015 for Daily Beast's that pulled it up
here african-americans can't go home and
and the title there is rootless and this
is under the opinion page but talk to us
about that idea that serene mentioned in
your
video comment this is home this is where
her roots are yeah we thought that as an
african-american this this is our home
like my my family has been here for
generations upon generations and and I'm
as American as you can get but the the
complexity of being an african-american
is that we've never been allowed to have
the complete agency to treat this fully
as our home and like the true American
sense and that will incline people to go
in search of other places where they can
feel they can fully exercise their
agency and be themselves to the fullest
and so that brings about a complexity
where you kind of have as a culture two
environments where you can't be fully
home in either one but you do have an
obligation and domestically in the
United States to to fight for equity for
African Americans but at the same time
the colonization across the globe is
made so that black stories African
stories don't get the representation
that they need and collectively we have
to work to enhance that too so it's it's
it's a fight you know domestically and
and internationally to elevate black
voices and strive for equality across
the board so you can't go home per se
but you do have a connection to both
places that you have to you know work
for the betterment of all black people
least I want to bring you into the
conversation here on the point written
Baird raised about you can't go home you
work with students who go to the
continent specifically South Africa and
have different experiences can you talk
to us about that in essence we work with
students like American exchange students
that come here for study abroad programs
but it will also work with a lot of
American international schools and there
are based here in South Africa and what
you often find is there's this desire
from the white students to you know
serve this environment and help Africa
and a very romantic sense but on the
flip side you've got African Americans
who come here and I'm looking for an
idyllic sense of home an idyllic sense
of a reconnection with your roots which
folds a little bit shallow because the I
don't know but Africa and the homeland
that you're looking at is messy complex
and ask people that were born and raised
you are still trying to figure out
themselves and so I find that
when the desire is very romantic and one
that is lacking context of just on the
ground what has happening within the
country it it becomes problematic and at
times a little bit difficult for us as
local South Africans to engage with you
realistically as a foreigner coming into
the space to try and find something on
this like spiritual Mecca it's very
complicated
kaylynn well I think that's kind of like
first of all I think there's a
misconception that I've seen thrown
around that african-americans you know
across the board like we don't have any
insight you know to what is going on on
the ground in African and African
nations you know like I their professors
at Howard University that that you know
which is my alma mater that I know for a
fact are you know all the way from from
DC deeply engaged and aware of African
politics of course being on the ground
in African country there's nothing that
can replace you and and also being an
African or being a South African there's
nothing that can replace you know that
direct insight but I think it's a little
bit you know a little bit of a reach to
sort of just kind of say that you know
we kind of have this shallow
understanding you know or shallow
approach I would say you know I don't
really think that's the case and I think
sometimes people just kind of
underestimate the insight that African
Americans that many of us actually do
have you know I get it a lot of African
Americans don't know you know don't have
any interest in what's going on in
Africa but at the same time there are
others that do like myself you know and
I think that can be done is to give us a
chance you know
oh yeah we're starting we're starting
from you know from 400 years 400 plus
years you know like you can't expect I
don't think you should expect us to come
you know and just know everything and
just have a lay of the land that's where
you know you can meet us halfway and we
can all work together and get a better
understanding and it won't be perfect
and it will be kind of you know what I
do what I do was to add there just like
a quick caveat is I'm we welcome people
that wish to learn but what I'm saying
is with the students which are
particularly younger they come in with a
sense of this place will fit in this
kind of box of white
the motherland looks like I mean there
are definitely many many
african-american scholars that history
has showed us they have a an acute
nuanced awareness of the African
continent she never writes about James
baldon and how his perception of the of
the of Africa was nuanced smart and in
many ways fully aware of how that four
hundred year history creates a gap of
knowledge so 100 percent what I'm saying
is the self interrogation which is
happening from us locals that are born
and raised needs to be extended and a
desire to learn needs to also occur with
those people that are coming inside if
that makes sense my printing are
painting with broad strokes at all I
hear what you're saying I hear what
you're saying
you mentioned self interrogation and I
think one of the things that came up in
our community is a feeling for people on
the continent that some Americans are
not doing that self interrogation as
accurately and thoroughly as they need
to be take a look at these two tweets
from londre he mentions first of all
this isn't new and that goes to the idea
that the back-to-africa movements have
been happening since the 1800s to
contemporary times he says this is an
experiment hundreds of years in the
making I have friends here in Nigeria
whose surnames are Fernandez de Silva
etc their great-grandparents are
returning slaves from Brazil they all
have Yerba first names though and
they're completely reassimilated he goes
on to say I haven't come across any of
them in Lagos and frankly I wouldn't
advise them to come here Nigeria is
where dreams come to die they'll be
quickly disillusioned and Ghana they
might find more to their taste because
of its economic climate and low
population so there's one naysayer there
but I want to give that one to you
Mohammad up because I'd like you to give
us an idea of what happens when you land
it can't all be rosy what does that look
like what to people expect
I think you know it's important for
African Americans to manage expectations
you know we have like the yearning
inside you know this is placement and we
want it to go away you know and we think
when we land it's going to magically go
away they're going to be drummers and
singers at the airport walking around us
you know it
not like that you know most people on
the ground don't be in connection with
african-americans it's like you go
through Harlem or Brooklyn or somewhere
a you know most people are like I'm not
African you know they don't see a
connection so it's really up to the
individual to manage the expectations
you know just have a more realistic idea
of what's happening in modern-day
African cities and then understand like
what you need as a person so even for me
I know people may not see me as a
long-lost sister or cousin but it
doesn't matter I know that I'm connected
to their plan I know that I'm connected
to these people and that's what's
important to me you know it doesn't
really matter what they think just like
in America you know at one point be
considered a 3/5 of a human so I know
that I'm a whole human I just like here
I know I'm a African descent and I'm
here more so for the feeling and the
connection that I have to the place so
it's not so much of what other people
think about me so for me I have managed
those expectations so I have a better
time and a better experience I haven't
had that crash that most people had and
then they have to build back up so I
think that's something that's very
important for people who think who are
thinking about coming here kaylynn I
could see you nodding there I see all of
our guests nodding there Barrett what
did you want to say so I guess a key
thing from an American perspective as a
country we have a romanticized idea of
foreign homelands and when we talked
about as a nation of immigrants and this
extends to all Americans you know white
Americans Asian Americans the idea of
you know if you're Irish or Korean or
whatever there's a romanticized like
connection to where you're from and as
African Americans even though our
immigration story is vastly different
there's a yearning to have that
romanticized connection to to Africa and
and that is I think when you get to
Africa and you now have the reality just
like you have the reality if you go to
any country that romanticized notion
needs to kind of fall away and you have
to do the legwork you have to know a lot
about the continent the place that
you're going and all the all the
dynamics so that you can fully immerse
yourself and I think they made a
good point though for like the younger
generation when they're going over there
that's very the very prone to have the
romanticized ideas of what Africa is and
they're the culture shock and then you
know the Africans actually have to now
you know get the Americans to come to
realize this is what the countries like
this is what what's happening and I
think the sooner we can have a more
realistic view of our struggle
domestically and internationally with
regards to Africa and the perspectives
we need to have the the more capacity
will have to thrive in whatever way we
decide to to go into Africa whether we
know which countries they are in the
dynamics happen there I mean if we're
talking about students you know I I
don't think that the expectations should
be super high on students coming to
Africa study abroad to study abroad or
whatever it is that they're doing you
know like I just think that's a bit
unrealistic I mean I came here I moved
to Namibia at 26 years old and to be
honest you know like it has say I've
been here for for you know over almost
eight eight eight to nine years and it
has taken me a long time and it's still
not perfect just for me to you know
understand my feelings and you know
continually manage my own expectations
so you know I really don't think that
you know you're going to find you know
this perfect African American like
adaptation or entrance into the African
continent particularly with students and
I hope that you don't hold their you
know hold them too high and just be
patient with them you know because it
really seriously is a process even for
me I came as an adult you know and I'm
still learning everyday little things
big things you know it's just it's
really a process and it does take
patience and it's not pretty all the
time and you know so real quick I
totally I totally agree that you know
you could have certain expectations for
students or you know adult professionals
or whatnot but the the idea of building
the connection to Africa if we're
building the like this strong connection
we have to get past the romanticized
idea and you know really kind of and in
the earlier that an african-american
community can do that regardless of you
know whether you're a student or you're
an adult I think the better will be if
your goal is to to visit Africa and have
like a really vibrant connection with
the continent so
like there's like an American impediment
as to how we perceive countries outside
the United States and see it with you
know a realistic perspective and not a
romanticized one and I think America
kind of indoctrinates us to have that
romanticized view I will go to you Lisa
but I want to bring this up because this
is raises a good point we're talking
about this romanticized view and we got
some Africans from people on the
continent because of course Africa is
not a country and we did get pushback
from people online who said remember
don't just call us Africans we're very
diverse and who we are
there's this quote this is from the
article featuring you Mohammed ah and
you right you might not have electricity
but you won't get killed by the police
either talking about moving to Donna we
got pushback because this is one person
out of Nigeria who says the chances of
people killing you in Nigeria is 8 out
of 10 please don't deceive yourself
check the hash tag in SARS and reform
police to verify real stories of police
brutality in Nigeria that's actually
something we did a stream show about so
it is a real issue but keeping that in
mind others are saying there is a
privilege to being offering an American
on the continent this is from Sahara
reporters a news site passport privilege
and black guilt tales of an African
American expat and this is something our
community definitely relates to Apple
says I've been telling my African
American brothers and sisters that they
are more privileged and protected as
Americans in Africa I'm going back to my
home if yo Pia because I can be at a
better position as a u.s. educated
Ethiopian than trying to find acceptance
here so that's a little pushback on that
idea
leeta I wanted to bring you in here what
are your thoughts sorry is this me now
sorry I was it is here yeah so what I
want to just add to that point is you
need to understand something when
African Americans come to South Africa
and interact with other black South
Africans the kind of exceptional eyes
because of the social capital and like
the soft power you know you will have an
African American engaging the black a
South African whose favorite TV show was
scandal who can sing jay-z lyrics off by
heart and like who has so much affinity
to so much
black American pop culture that they
enjoy this privilege of cool that you
know obviously not afforded to other
foreign national Africans and so what
I've noticed is how with that privilege
there's almost a responsibility to use
your if you want to come and like stay
here and be part of the institution and
part of the country you have to use that
sort of privilege you have as an
American with the resources to try and
better the place because to be honest
South Africa and like many other African
countries we have trust issues when it
comes to foreigners coming into the
space and so that's the point I really
want to make that the privilege does
exist but the privilege needs to be used
to combat certain inequities within the
local space that you exist in any way
that you can regarding skills or
resources so I want to bring Mohammed
down on that point of privilege because
we got this via YouTube someone watching
live they said Ghana made a law in 2001
allowing descendents of the Diaspora to
get citizenship and work and here it's
what that looks like it's the right of
abode granted to people of African
descent in the Diaspora so there are
other saying it's not just that easy you
have to have several documents and a
little time frame for making sure that
you can be a citizen there but it is a
welcoming announcement Muhammad out when
you see that do you recognize that
there's a privilege to being welcomed to
this country that's not necessarily your
own um I think there is a privilege of
you know being an African American I
mean you understand that I'm just coming
in with you know dollars or you know an
American education you know I'm not
going to you know act like that
doesn't exist but one of the great
things about it is finally I can use my
American Nets you know and get the
benefit because I'm not getting them at
home
so finally you know I can you know they
benefit me so it is you know to my
advantage I don't like to you know I I
like to pretty much go as anonymous as I
can you know I don't talking them on
even those and I'm American even if I do
talk they just assume that I'm probably
done man
was educated abroad and I love living
and I'm not anonymous anonymity however
you get aware you know though you know I
know but I have it in my back pocket if
I need to use it I use it I try not to
because I wanted to you know live as
normally as possible but yeah I'm
definitely not going to deny that that
exists and I think like gentlemen said
in South Africa it is um you know it's a
responsibility I need to view and I try
as much as I can you know to improve my
environment and cruise you know just and
also people are realistic with you of
what African Americans are - because I
think that's the flipside people
romanticize African Americans thank you
Yonsei gangjae's being rappers and
things like that on TV and they think
that's what our life is you know and I'm
like no it's not like that you know and
so it's always a education reps
happening on on both sides right
kaylynn yeah and I mean on the flip side
of that I really do think that you know
maybe Africans sometimes or South
Africans I don't want to generalize the
continent but I'll speak to the I forget
on the panel you know don't forget that
you guys also have a privilege you know
I mean there's serious power and no
wonder tried and and and having the
growing up in the rich culture that you
grew up in you know like like the young
woman before me was saying you know like
it's not don't don't also don't over
romanticize black American privilege you
know because it's it's not like 100%
rosy but I do hear what you're saying in
terms of when we're on the continent I
mean for me personally I try to you know
keep my privilege in check when I can or
stand up against my privilege when I can
whether it's someone you know saying
like I'm just recently a guy said to me
oh I want I want some American sisters I
don't want any Namibian women and I was
like you know like I checked him you
know like this is not okay I mean it may
seem like a simple thing but just there
are many different ways and you know in
terms of African Americans coming here
and becoming entrepreneurs or whatever I
just write keeping social responsibility
in mind so there there are definitely
things that we should do so knowing your
privilege checking it and making sure
that you are aware of it unfortunately
we are
out of time I want to give a big thank
you to all of our guests for this
fascinating conversation and to our
community for making it great I'll end
with this tweet from bhante who says I
have land in Kenya to share with anyone
willing to come to Africa our ancestors
would be happy hashtag AJ stream see you
online
