these were some of the first 300 Muslims
to flee Myanmar six months ago finding
refuge on the thin strip of land between
Myanmar and Bangladesh that hugs the Tom
broken a law the troops that pushed them
out of Myanmar a back and making it very
clear they want the revenger gone for
good
they came at around 10 a.m.
brought in seven trucks with two ladders
in each vehicle a total of fourteen and
they tried to cross the barbed wire
fences to forcefully destroy our camp
the area is widely referred to as a
no-man's land for weeks me and my
soldiers have upped their patrols of the
border fence and used loudhailer x' to
order the estimated 6,000 revenger to
leave but since thursday revenge' and
Bangladesh border guards say the number
of heavily armed soldiers has grown to
as many as 200 it prompted Bangladesh to
summon Myanmar's ambassador and demand
the troops be pulled back but hundreds
of the refugees have already given in to
the soldiers orders and crossed into
Bangladesh at six months since almost
700,000 revenger Muslims fled a military
crackdown in Myanmar's Rakhine State the
United Nations called it a textbook
example of ethnic cleansing refugees
spoke of systematic murder sexual
violence and arson but the government of
Aung San su Chi insists it was simply
defending itself after a text from armed
reh√©n jure Myanmar reportedly claims
some of those RO Hendra fighters are
hiding within the border camp in the
last week three Nobel Peace Prize
winners urged fellow laureate su Chi to
speak out or risk prosecution for
genocide alongside Myanmar's military
and others responsible for violence
against the revenger the diplomatic
route over troop movement at the border
now threatens a controversial deal to
centra Hansa refugees back to myanmar
and many will now be questioning whether
it will ever
be safe to make Myanmar home again
million de hond al Jazeera
