these local police officers are
stationed at one of several high risk
areas in Mogadishu it's not far from the
old Parliament building an African Union
police patrol made up of Kenyan Nigerian
and Ugandan officers stopped to check in
but the local police meant to keep this
area safe we have done the training of
Somalia's national police force is
20,000 strong but sometimes up Hazzard
it's still finding its feet securing the
capital often relying on residents to
gather intelligence some areas in
Mogadishu are targets for Al Shabaab
fighters trying to overthrow the
government one challenge is that
sometimes al-shabaab places explosives
and paper bags and dust burns African
Union patrols like this one meant to
coordinate security activities between
foreign and local police the Patrol
takes us through some of the busiest
parts of the city crowded with people
and traffic aside from being used to
assist and train local police these
patrols by the African Union's Amazon
forces are very much about making people
here feel safe the more police is seen
the law people feel secure the
government is preparing its own security
forces to take over when African Union
police and soldiers leave the country in
two years the United Nations says
al-shabaab has been weakened in the past
year but the Somali government says its
security forces also face challenges our
security force used to have the training
outside the problem became when they
come back they don't have a the the
nationalistic view and why they are
fighting and
and they were not fully prepared in
terms of the current situation in
Somalia the government says it's 26,000
troops are stretched thin
Somalia lacks the institutions to
properly support its police and soldiers
sudden changes in leadership clan
affiliations political infighting and
low salaries don't make it any easier we
are not going to be here for good right
now as we talk the discussion is
transition so Amazon is soon moving out
and that's the reality in December
$1,000 pulled out of Somalia the African
Union says it could consider extending
its mission in Somalia but ultimately
its mandate will end famiy tamela al
Jazeera Mogadishu
