across the u.s. a crusade by the
country's young is pushing for gun
control the youth of our nation are
shaming the adult world into action in
Florida the teenage survivors of the
Parkland High School shooting are
pressing state lawmakers to vote on a
new three day waiting period and raising
the age limit to buy a gun in Oregon the
state legislature is barring stalkers
and domestic abusers from owning
firearms and in Illinois the State House
is backing a new law to license all gun
sellers restrict sales of assault
weapons and ban bump stocks which allow
a semi-automatic weapon to fire almost
like an automatic this is a watershed
moment in Illinois history after a long
long dry spell the teens of parkland
Florida and their classmates across the
country are doing what US lawmakers and
gun control advocates for decades have
failed to do forcing the beginnings of
change it shows that with really local
strategic work on the part of our
representatives and state senators you
can actually get something done but you
have to be very deliberate about it the
biggest fan of the Second Amendment even
gun friendly president Donald Trump is
proposing limiting access to guns for
the mentally ill and raising the age
limit for assault weapons so I just
curious as to what you did in your bill
that has put the powerful National Rifle
Association on the defensive they want
to sweep right under the carpet the
failure of school security the failure
of family the failure of America's
mental health system on Capitol Hill
there is tentative talk of change there
are things that we can do that have
widespread bipartisan support that we
can act on that we can get passed that
will actually make a difference but
these student activists and other
Americans have heard talk of change
after almost every school shooting
without national action to follow it up
this
some young Americans insist they are
taking no chances pressing for change in
u.s. gun laws state-by-state Jon Hendren
al jazeera Chicago
