Venezuela is expected to elect a new
president this year but the date of when
the elections are expected to take place
has been changed once again earlier this
year the government announced they would
happen on April 22nd but now they're
expected to happen in May it is
established in the agreement for the
election to be in the second half of the
next month May of 2018 there is no other
alternative the only option is an
election critics accused the authorities
of shifting the vote forward to wrong
for the opposition in a bid to improve
president Nicolas Maduro sorry election
chances the leading opposition coalition
is boycotting the poll describing it as
a farce to legitimize a dictatorship
however one presidential hopeful and the
falcon has already launched his
candidacy that's the government that we
want for Venezuela a government of
national unity that includes and doesn't
exclude a government that can save us
from this misery from this tragedy this
debacle that the government has turned
us into I repeat this incapable inept
government that's what we want for
Venezuela and that's why we're here at
the National Electoral Council and we
demand all these conditions falcone a 56
year old former state governor believes
he can win by taking advantage of
widespread dissatisfaction with the
ruling socialists over Venezuela's dire
economic crises that have millions
struggling for food and medicines Maduro
stew strongest opposition rivals among
them former presidential candidate
Henrique Capriles are barred from
standing the United States is also
considering imposing sanctions against
medoras government due to what it says
are unfair conditions for the
presidential vote for Venezuela it is
another attempt from the u.s. to
interfere in the country and it's vowing
to hold the presidential vote in spite
of the criticism from abroad Paris O'War
al Jazeera
