an hour in and a speech that had seemed
relentlessly domestic suddenly took an
explosive turn no one expected Vladimir
Putin's annual address to Parliament to
involve advanced missile systems and
strategic weapons amid talk job creation
and better roads in the years ahead it
was a response he said to years of
unchecked advances by the United States
in missile defense Russia has always
been a big nuclear state no one wanted
to speak constructively with us in the
past no one wanted to listen well listen
to us now one missile in development
putin explained could travel the globe
with unlimited range and entirely
undetected by radar defense systems less
than three weeks before the presidential
election it was all greeted with
ecstatic applause by Russia's political
elite President Putin made a strong
message to Russian audience which can be
spelled out as the following the
situation in the world is pretty tense
we are surrounded by a dresser 'yes but
you have to be rest assured that till
the country is run by a person whose
name is Vladimir Putin you will have
nothing to worry about
as well as showcasing these
extraordinary new defense capabilities
Vladimir Putin speech was full of
inspiring promises of investment lifting
people out of poverty improving their
lives in what was expected to be his
last major speech before the election
this was Putin presented to the Russian
people as a pillar of political
stability economic stability and perhaps
above all security its full impact may
have been intended for a domestic
audience but there was more than a hint
of menace in Putin's warning that any
outside threat would be met with
annihilation Russia's current defense
spending is only about 1/10 of that of
the United States and obviously combined
NATO defense spending is is even much
larger than that of the US the Trump
administration announced plans to in
defense spending and Russia with its
economic conditions is unlikely to be
able to spend much more than it
currently does I don't think there will
be a real arms race after 18 years in
power this was Vladimir Putin reminding
Russians that their country is a world
power once again the strength of its
conventional military on full display in
Syria he said its nuclear capabilities
now soon to be more than a match for us
might Jonah hull al Jazeera Moscow
