they have had enough and it transcends
states age gender and race an urgent
call from America's next generation to
their politicians do something to stop
students being killed at school with
legally bought guns this is important to
every school no matter where we are this
could happen it doesn't matter if you're
in Florida doesn't matter if we're in
Stockton no matter where we are there
could be a gun on campus and someone
could get hurt
the debate is now at the highest levels
of government how to better manage a
right engrained in the US Constitution
the biggest fan of the Second Amendment
many of you are I'm a big fan of the NRA
but I've met I had lunch with them with
Wayne and Kris and David on Sunday and
said it's time to stop this nonsense
it's time to top retailers Dick's
Sporting Goods and Walmart announced
that they will no longer sell guns to
anyone under 21 regardless of local laws
and the sporting goods store will stop
selling assault-style firearms entirely
the Florida school shooting was carried
out with an assault style weapon which
is legal to buy in Florida once you're
in some states sales are even legal for
16 year olds Donald Trump raised the
same issue when he met with members of
Congress on Wednesday does it make sense
that I have to wait till I'm 21 to get a
handgun but I can get this weapon at 18
I don't know so I just curious as to
what you did in your bill the nra stands
for National Rifle Association hugely
powerful and it's been influencing the
gun debate for decades but it's never
been faced with such an outpour of anger
and frustration from the country's youth
and their message is being heard loud
and clear
what's remarkably refreshing about these
students is that they're not yet jaded
by the ways of Washington they have
spent their lives practicing active
shooter drills they've grown up being
told that mass shootings are just a fact
of life but they know that they deserve
better new polls show roughly two and
three Americans now say gun control laws
should be made stricter it's a wake-up
call for the nation's lawmakers
typically reluctant to tighten gun
ownership but now under pressure by a
growing grassroots movement of anti-gun
youth Stephanie Decker al-jazeera
