a leaked UN report blames regional
powers for much of the violence in Libya
the UAE and Egypt are singled out for
supplying weapons to rival armed groups
in violation of UN sanctions so what can
be done to stop this this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim Libya has been in a
heightened state of violence for much of
the past six years the overthrow of
leader Muammar Gaddafi has created a
dangerous politically divided atmosphere
the country has two rival seats of power
along with several dozen armed groups
fighting for control now a leaked UN
report has shed some light on who's
backing some of those forces it says the
United Arab Emirates and Egypt have been
supplying weapons to armed groups on the
ground that's despite a UN arms embargo
we'll get to our guests in a moment but
first this report from Mohammed Abad DC
armed groups in Libya are continuing to
receive foreign support from nations
aiming to influence who will control the
oil-rich nation
that's according to a panel of United
Nations experts after the fall of
Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 during the Arab
Spring Libya spiraled into civil war
between rival political factions
international sanctions were imposed in
reaction to gross and systematic
violations of human rights the latest
report highlights countries that have
both directly and indirectly fueled the
ongoing conflict in Libya it mentions
the repeated air raids by the egyptian
air force on the L&L oil areas to
support the forces of renegade general
Khalifa Haftar you have countries in the
Gulf as well as Egypt who see their
foreign policy not only as directed
towards intergovernmental relations but
as putting governments or in place in
various countries or imposing policies
that are in line with their definition
of national security and their
geopolitical designs and on the other
hand you have come to see a business
opportunity here and are willing to
exploit that
the UN panel reported last June that the
United Arab Emirates violated
international law by supplying hostile
forces with attack helicopters and other
military aircraft pro huffner groups
have been accused of kidnapping and
torturing journalists activists and
religious figures in eastern Libya some
of whom faced s-- extrajudicial
executions this latest report is set to
be submitted to the UN Security Council
for further action in hopes that it can
counter foreign influence in the
war-torn nation Mohamed alabbar DC al
Jazeera let's bring in our guests in
London Sami Hamdi editor-in-chief of
international interest joining us on
skype from Stockholm Peter Eisenman
senior researcher in the arms and
military expenditure program at the
Stockholm International Peace Research
Institute and also on skype from London
NSL Gomati director of the Saadat
Institute a think tank based in Tripoli
thank you all for joining us now unless
I want to start with you is it at all
surprising to hear that the UN is once
again highlighting violations of the
arms embargo in Libya and that the UAE
and Egypt are named as offenders in this
report as well well it's not surprising
I think it's a it's a terrible shame
that this has been going on not only
recently but has been going on for at
least four years since the beginning of
the Civil War
it began in July of 2014 but I think
it's more troubling to hear this report
now given that the international
community has given Libya probably until
around September 2018 to move towards
elections and what this tells me is that
the key regional actor is that is Egypt
and the Emirates and key local actor is
specifically their surrogates and
proxies such as Khalifa Haftar and the
Libyan National Army and not ripening
towards peaceful elections but they're
ripening towards something much more
lethal they're ripening towards more war
and more conflict necessarily doesn't
inspire a lot of belief in the peaceful
process or the political process but it
also comes in and questions the role of
the UN and it begs a very simple
question is it
what time's our call for elections if
you're going to allow for the arms
embargoes to be continually violated and
for countries that are seemingly on the
surface and their rhetoric support the
elections but are also backing those
that they want to win the elections
peacefully and and violently theater
this is the second time that the UAE has
been called out by the UN where is the
pressure on them to stop this that's a
very good question I think it's not even
the second time I think it has happened
already before that major questions have
been raised about how the UAE is arming
specific actors in Libya and it doesn't
seem that any specific action has been
taken either by the UN community either
trying to tell
Libya or tell the UAE in clear terms
that they can't go ahead with is put
some pressure on them may be threatening
with some sort of sanctions towards them
that has not happened and also the UAE
gets those weapons from somewhere and
one can also order to which extends the
countries that are involved in supplying
no weapons which the UAE can land supply
to the actors in Libya where they have
done to actually prevent this from
happening and that remains a very big
question mark there's nothing which
indicates what I have seen that much
pressure has been put on the UAE to
actually stop these supplies against the
UN Security Council resolutions related
to Libya Sami from your vantage point
what could be done by the UN by the
international community by the EU by
other actors to stop the flow of arms
into Libya I think first and foremost
who should be worried about how we skew
the narrative in Libya with our focus on
the UAE and Egypt because we have to
also remember that before Holly for
after when Islamist leading militias and
the like when they were armed they also
participated in some of atrocities
including the blockade on venue elite so
I think one of the first things first is
that we have to acknowledge that this is
a wider problem more than the UAE and
Egypt it also includes the likes of Turk
includes the u.s. includes France
includes Italy secondly we're looking at
this UN report but we
also acknowledged that France has
received horrific after the US has
engaged in negotiations with him and the
like so I think we're looking at the
widest civil war in which we shouldn't
necessarily look at this as a right or
wrong party when we're looking at the
flow of weapons weapons arriving on all
different sides moreover these various
different groups are applying their own
pressure the Islamist militias in
Tripoli do not recognize the UN backed
government and neither does Khalifa
Haftar leave Libya has become a
free-for-all and I think with regards to
Egypt and regards to the UAE Egypt
shares a border with Libya what Egypt
fears is that Libya will fall under
Islamist governance which would be a
threat to cc's government now I'm not
saying that I'm a fan of Sisi but we're
just describing why he's particularly
interested in Egypt it's the same with
the UAE it has a very anti Muslim
Brotherhood agenda so I think although
it's right that we focus on on the UAE
it's right that we focus on the flow of
arms we should be wary that the flow of
arms is not just going to have them it's
going to Islamist militias it's going to
this intern Manisha it's going to
Misrata it's going to be noisy all of
these various different forces because
Libya let's be honest is a cake in which
everybody is trying to get a slice of it
when it's Italy whether it's France with
its US or whether it's Egypt and the UAE
and I so want to get your reaction to
what Sammy was just saying but also if
we're talking about international
players who have an interest in Libya
let's not forget Russia where does
Russia stand right now and are they in
fact backing general hafta well I think
you largely have two coalition's or two
factions rather when it comes to the
supply of weapons I think Sammis point
is entirely true that every country that
has had a vested interest in Libya since
2011 has probably broken one of those
arms violations whether they were giving
it to quote-unquote Islamists or other
other rebel factions or whether they
were giving it to the Libyan National
Army and the coalition of militias that
fight personally perhaps there but I -
there was a slight new ones because I
think maybe the binary shouldn't
necessarily be Islamist and the others
but today the binary really is civil
government or military government but
the supply of weapons that has gone -
towards or the violations of the on
embargo that has gone towards Islamist
militias be them in in Tripoli or
Misrata or elsewhere in the country that
is definitely a violation that we should
condemn and I can
clearest of terms but it's not there to
induce or to install a military
government those got those same militias
but necessarily have grand plans and
they haven't been able to make any
traction since there's no 14 but I see
today's arms embargoes violations being
a sign of a wider melasma no one mls
really is this is there to be an
induction or in the installation of a
regime that is a military regime that
would return Libya to a form of
governance that not only was there for
the last 42 years before the Revolution
but there's also something that goes
really to the heart of Egyptian and a
morality foreign policy which is this is
not about Islamic this is about the
grand Islamic question of whether or not
Islam is the way that we can conduct
daily and political life in Libya it's
about having an alternative that
threatens military regimes and that
should be the clearest of terms a civil
government they government where you can
hold suits and ties to account is a
fragile government it's a government
that has to be held to account by its
own people and that is not a government
or a regime or a nature of a political
daily life that is going to be tolerated
by the emirate as an Egyptian I think
that's really where I tie it in together
but to go back to what Sami is saying I
certainly agree that any and all arms
embargo violations you know should be
condemned but I think this one has you
know there is a wider reason why
regional actors are local actors and
best and this kind of move and they do
so because it doesn't empower liberals
it doesn't empower civil governments
empowers it we should be very clear
about their to the point about Russia
Russia's foreign policy has always been
it's a feeling here again it's very very
difficult but they're more tactical and
strategic they don't necessarily have a
very firm understanding of Liberty but
they know what they want to see which is
not a returned so that it's not the
continuation of a civil not governess of
perhaps a major issue but I think it's
also a question of trying to poke the
Americans in the eye wherever they can
they want to try to remove some of the
hegemony from the very countries that
brought in the Arab Spring and it always
wants a reference the Arab Spring was a
failed attempt at bringing democracy in
the Middle East and North Africa and
that it shouldn't make them this way so
I've you rush as foreign policy
ambitions and cynical terms but I
wouldn't move away from the fact that
they have ambitions in the last week and
they've spoken about and given clear
indications that if there was an
opportunity to build a military base in
Libya they would certainly pursue that
the government of national Accord in
Libya was supposed to bring conflicting
political and military sides together
why hasn't that happen is it simply
because of the questions of who has
control over certain factions of Armed
Forces I think that's a very good
question it's not something which I'm
very well as supposed to answer myself I
just know that there is a major that's a
difference between the groups and that
each of them has found their different
buckets and that the UAE has chosen one
of those two back and to supply arms to
them how they can come to an agreement
that is a major issue and that also
reverse very much to the fact that the
panel of experts that is investigating
the arms embargo violations is very
careful in its statements there because
it's it itself doesn't really know who
the legitimate government of Libya
really is and therefore who according to
the UN Security Council resolutions
potentially might be eligible to get
arms after of course the UN Security
Council through the UN sanctions
committee Commission has given
permission for that so in that chaos it
is extremely difficult to determine who
is allowed to have military force who is
allowed to use it and who is allowed to
actually at a certain point in time get
arms Sammy could you envision any
scenario by which General Hafner could
participate in any political agreements
or political process going forward I
think this is going to be difficult for
me to say because it's one of those like
catch-22 issues if you put yourself in
Khalifa Haftar position whereby you
sided with the internationally
recognized government and the Islamist
militias in Tripoli rejected their
international recognized government the
secular parties refused to acknowledge
the elections because they didn't win in
it they started telling the world that
Libya wasn't ready for democracy how do
you take the other party seriously the
problem with Libya is that every party
only accepts democracy insofar as
they're the parties that win I also
object to the the binary of civil
government versus military government
the UAE it's more than just hegemony
over Libya the UAE
simply do not trust the Muslim
Brotherhood take for example Saudis
reaction to President morsi's visit to
Tehran Saudis felt backstabbed they felt
betrayed they said why is the Muslim
Brotherhood doing this we gave you a
chance we backed off from the Arab
Spring when you won even though we don't
like you and you've gone and stabbed us
in the back by going to Teheran and
signing terrorism agreements there is no
trust with the Muslim brothers or their
Islamist regimes and when we talking
about Libya's civil war problem let's be
brutally honest here the very parties
that want after to disarm are the very
parties that invited NATO to Libya in
the first place
they couldn't get rid of Gaddafi on
their own so they brought NATO to
completely destroy Libya and upend the
political balance I'm not saying that
Gaddafi was a good man but the problem
with the NATO interference was that it
came in it bombed the daylights out of
Libya and it tried to prop up certain
parties that other parties weren't happy
with you had no political Accord there
was no leader of this revolution there
was no leadership to guide Libya into a
future all he had was chaos so now you
have a civil war suppose half the
disarms tomorrow let's envisage it
suppose after tomorrow says you know
what guys I'm sorry I'm going to disarm
how do you deal with the conflicting
factions in Tripoli how do you deal with
Xin tan how do you deal with Saif
al-islam Gaddafi who wants to come
forward to the elections the problem is
not only huffner even though he is a
disastrous problem the problem is with
all of the Libyan factions who quite
simply cannot look at each other and sit
at the table and say you know what
I recognize you as Libyan the Muslim
Brotherhood want Libya after once Libya
Saif al-islam gives there if he wants
Libya and the biggest issue is this the
u.s. doesn't know who to support the
u.s. is baffled France is baffled Italy
is baffled UK is baffled for France in
the UK this was supposed to be a
straightforward operation
we go in we remove Gaddafi we get the
contracts and we will rebuild Libya for
the US it was supposed to be
straightforward we get rid of Gaddafi we
establish hegemony in Libya and we
prevent the spread of terrorism but now
it's all over the place because now you
have Qatar and Turkey on one hand and
then you have UE in Egypt on the other
hand and both lobbying Washington
lobbying Paris lobbying London for
international support this is the reason
why I say we should be wary how we skew
the narrative even if you got rid of UE
in Egypt and I believe there are a
disastrous influence on Libya I would
say it I believe they are disastrous on
Libya if you remove them
does not remove the cool issue here
which is how do you reconcile NATO
interference in Libya how do you
reconcile the fact that nobody really
wants elections and how do you reconcile
trying to bring a power that can
actually bring peace to Libya moreover
and on this last point before I hand
over so I don't speak for too long how
do you reconcile these tribes who bore
the brunt of the revenge of many of
these militias who rose up against
Gaddafi Benny will lead will never
forget the blockade that was done to
them what Fela would never forget the
damage that was done to them in the
revenge attacks all of these innocent
people who simply followed through the
wave which is that go to the Gaddafi
wave were punished and brutally punished
Libya needs a very serious national
reconciliation and they could take great
lessons from South Africa Mandela's
amnesty commission instead of going in
and taking revenge and passing a law
banning every gun every error politician
and torturing and abusing former Prime
Minister's like the dead in moody honest
you heard Sami talk about concrete steps
that need to be taken to reconcile the
situation in Libya I want to talk for a
minute about Hassan Salameh who's the UN
envoy to Libya now what has he done has
he been able to achieve anything since
taking that job who is really down to
the point no Sami is making when you
connect through what a sense and Emmas
job is and I think it that the questions
are honest and the audit of what Sami
has said is largely honest but I think
people that were the most vulnerable in
society bore the brunt of the pain that
was injured to further NATO campaign so
early in 2011 but NATO NATO's campaign
was really at least in my be units it's
a view it's an opinion a sort of fact
was a place that they left off 2011 and
left and allowed regional parties
whether it be Turkey and Qatar or
whether it be Egypt and the Emirates to
try to point over and try to fight over
the nature of regime so I think it's
Libya's sovereignty that has been
brutally fought over over the last
couple of years and that continues to be
a problem because what is central to
this and what is central that has lemons
job is about too many heinous to try to
reconcile those groups into something
and truth and reconciliation a national
peace accord has never been gone that's
what we called a government of national
Accord nope it's government not a
government of national unity because at
the moment it's it's still the same case
an arms embargo is not just the fact
that some weapons came through boats and
allowed themselves to move on to maybe
in soil it's the very fact that they
ripen Eve towards war they may
whar lucrative and they make peace very
very very very costly and I think in
that respect many of today's appear
specials whether it be funny but out
there whether it be other groups there
were in Tripoli and I certainly have my
difference of opinion on the way that
this history emerged over the last
couple of years but it's not really the
central point for there because we have
to look forward and I think looking
forward we need to try to find a way in
which we can certainly be a sovereign
see and I think that's really classy and
Savannah's job it's not my ability to do
so as a Libyan and unfortunately if
those Libyan actors are committed
towards securing weapons then we have
the mechanisms to which they use and
which they employ and the second is that
we have to make sure that those weapons
are not coming into the country a moment
where we're moving to it's again a very
very very fragile Monument where any
group whether it be SMS or others and
again I still don't borrow that
narrative I think it's groups that
people they're going to be on the book
they're going to bear the brunt of being
wiped out versus groups that want to be
empowered and monopolize power and
that's typically where people make or
groups make investments in weapons is
because they want someone up on lies and
they haven't made an investment and
trying to monopolize power so I think
that sounds Salaam is real job today is
making sure that Libya is a safe place
to conduct free and fair elections and
the conditions have to be free and the
actual way that we conduct our the
timeline towards moving to elections has
to be fair to ask them in a sense of
freedom in the air before people can
make a real choice about what kind of
state they once I heaven let's not
forget the midea is also moving towards
a moment why don't you let me just
interrupt you for a second I'm again I'm
gonna come back to you with regards to
the elections just a moment first I want
to ask Peter about another point have
international sanctions imposed on Libya
in any way have have they had an impact
when it comes to the flow of weapons
into Libya question I think they have
but they haven't stopped them completely
they have made very clear and that's
clear very clear agreement amongst most
countries except of course those
countries which have decided to anyway
supply arms that it is not the moment to
now supply arms to Libya Russia has been
mentioned before as the country that
wants to have influence and there have
been discussions about Russia
potentially supplying arms to for
example the
national army and there have talked but
there's no proof no evidence that he
actually did and I think they have lived
up to the requirements of the arms
embargo especially also because they are
in the UN Security Council and they
don't necessarily want to be seen to act
against their own decisions
so overall I think the total flow of
arms to Libya and maybe also arms
flowing out of Libya has probably been
restricted due to this international
action the UN embargo on the country
which only allows armed supplies under
very specific conditions however then
there are a few countries in the UAE
seems to be the most important one as
far as the evidence shows the evidence
that the panel the UN panel has
collected they have decided to not
listen to this embargo and hear again
that the problem is that apparently no
one has really good enough pressure on
them to make them do this according to
the agreed rule and the agreed rule is
actually we should remember this not a
full arms embargo but a system in which
you can supply weapons to Libya if you
get the permission from the United
Nations sanctioned committee or the
United Nations Security Council in
effect so you can do that but only in a
very controlled way really I'm trying to
build up security forces in Libya itself
which don't vote we should do some good
and that of course has not happened in
tonight okay honest I want to get back
to the point about the elections because
despite how bad the situation is in
Libya right now we've heard the EU we've
heard the UN we've heard the
international community continue to say
that they would like to see elections
with parliamentary and presidential
being held in Libya in 2018 is that in
any way realistic well as we listened
because it's an administrative process
you dip your finger in ink and hey
presto there's been an election but it's
the question of what happens that they
are there and I think is Sami has
mentioned earlier on though I definitely
disagree with the way in which he's
framing there because I feel as I can
there's always this question with Libya
that there's got to be someone there to
spoil and I think he's confused perhaps
grievance for greed and I think there
are certainly groups on the ground that
have legitimate grievances he mentioned
one of them but he will need other
groups
fell out of favor in the former regime
but were exploited by actors during
election they were exploited by actors
like heli what happens you initiated his
operation on may 15 2014
before the election results before the
move towards an election the
internationally recognized government in
Tobruk so I think there are things there
that have to be understood we shouldn't
amputate history and we should also
realize that elections are a time where
we decide legitimacy but not legality
and I think that's something that Sami
also confused because your legitimate
doesn't make everything that you do
legal doesn't mean that you can braid
you need the conventions about human
rights and the way that you treat
prisoners of war and I think this is the
problem that I have now is that
legitimacy isn't a word is the currency
and election the sign that currency it
gives someone an a mandate at least a
blind for five years to effectively do
what Sami was saying which is when they
were interns they can pretty much they
want then as I use you're in a country
you have so much weapons - I just need
to interrupt you cuz i wanna i want to
give Sammy the chance to reply Sami very
quickly I'm gonna give you the last
point here you heard Una's disagree with
some of the points you made would you
like to reply to him I think Ann has
just confirmed everything I said when I
say that democracy is only satisfactory
if you win he talks about legality but
not legitimacy in fact I can vote for
somebody but he still has to do exactly
what I want this is the attitude that
has hampered Libya this is the attitude
that has hampered any process for
elections but here's the real reason why
elections may not go ahead or why there
is genuine fear of for elections there's
genuine fear because the irony is and to
be honest this quiet hurts me to say it
that safe and Aslam Gaddafi is the prime
candidate that the Libyans have given
the choice they are sick and tired of a
lot of this instability that they want
to go back to AAAA the devil they know
then the devil that they don't know so
this is the biggest issue here if the
parties believe that Saif al-islam
doesn't stand a good chance they will
allow the elections if they believe that
he can come back to power then they will
not allow the elections he holds the
power Khan and I think genuinely analyst
has summed it up perfectly the reason
why Libyans are terrified of elections
because it's money it's all me or
nothing I take all or nothing and that's
the reason why Libya currently based on
the current circumstances the solution
can only be a military victory and that
upsets me deeply gentlemen we are gonna
have to leave it there thanks to all our
guests
Sam Hamdi pietà a sermon and NSL Gomati
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
for me Mohammed Jim Jim and the entire
team here bye for now
you
