third stop on a five-day for nation trip
on the African continent Ankara has
invested heavily in Africa
Turkey's interest their rival the ones
of former colonial powers like France in
the UK as well as China Nicholas Hogg
has more on Ankara influence in Senegal
repeat after me says yelling a Turkish
teacher at the Islamic Institute of
Dakar I am Senegalese and I speak
Turkish it is a language many here now
want to master is very easy more than
another country we must learn this
language to understand for entire
university we just take this language
learning for gaudy Turkey is making it
easier for cynically students to enter
their country Senegal is making it
easier for Turkish companies to invest
in their country especially in this
project
Senegal wants to turn this land into a
residential city for hundreds of
thousands of people construction of an
International Airport conference center
and factories are complete next up a
university government buildings our
railway line luxury apartments and a
state-of-the-art basketball Stadium
almost all of the construction is done
by Turkish companies since President
Erdogan has come to power trade to
Africa tripled to eighteen point eight
billion dollars last year
Turkish Airways expanded its coverage to
23 destinations across the continent
last September the Turkish military
opened a base in Somalia to train
African soldiers on a tour to West
Africa Aragon calls for free trade
agreements to increase ties Turkey's
interest in Africa rivals the ones of
former colonial powers like France and
the UK as well as China but this comes
at a cost
last year Senegal Sudan closed down
several schools linked to Fethullah
Gulen when of arrogance political rivals
the Senegalese authorities closed down
their school at the request of Aragon's
government leaving hundreds of students
out of school as Turkey increases its
investment to Senegal in other African
countries some here fear their
governments will take difficult and
uncomfortable compromises in order to
ensure that turkey is happy and that
their investments continue to flow into
their countries miss endow a parent is
upset with her government's decision
children are paying the price of a
political decision that has nothing to
do with Senegal many Senegalese here
feel hurt that a foreign country imposes
its will to close down our schools
arrogance government says it will reopen
schools and send teachers to Senegal we
don't have political goals we are here
to develop the relationship between the
Senegalese and Turkish people and so for
many Senegalese that learning Turkish is
just one small step and well looks for
now like a new and promising
relationship nicholas honk al jazeera
Dakar
