a Venezuelan mother and son on a remote
highway they hope leads them to a better
life me lady Vasquez 46 years old and
her 22 year old son Kenna Reese they
crossed the border into Brazil and are
now trying to reach Boavista the nearest
city it is a hundred and eighty
kilometres away they cannot afford a bus
ticket so for the past three days they
have been walking and still have 160
kilometers to go it was a hard choice to
make when they told us it was so far
away we were surprised but we said let's
do it God will help the trip is remote
there are no services around them only
asphalt and it's dangerous as they walk
the mother tells me she's sad it's come
to this but hopeful Brazil will be a
place they can find work in the meantime
Kenner collects aluminum cans he hopes
he can then sell
they're just 2 of an estimated 1,000
Venezuelans who in the past couple weeks
have gathered along the northern Brazil
border outpost to come into the country
they want to avoid what they say is a
lack of food medicine and good jobs in
their homeland as a situation
deteriorates in Venezuela more are
coming every day these Venezuelans are
desperate most arrive with little or no
money so when they finally cross the
border into Brazil they're faced with a
very difficult decision what to do next
mom wash we're going to try and find a
bus to take us to boa vista to get
resident status and then find a job and
hopefully a place to stay I have a
career but I don't care now if I have to
clean bathrooms or mop the floors I'll
do whatever it takes to survive the
United Nations has a team here and says
the nearly two million Venezuelans that
have fled the country in the past two
years are refugees this is thousand of
people who are crossing everyday the
border in sick of international
protection and humanitarian assistance
this is definitely major crisis
as for me lady in Kenner there is no
time to wait they keep walking one foot
in front of the other
mother and son alone hoping the road
ends in a better place
Gabriel Ando al Jazeera on a highway in
northern Brazil
