it was an era that rattled American
complacency in 1968 Assasin's it
violently cut off calming voices of
peace Martin Luther King Robert Kennedy
the Vietnam War was growing more intense
and for Americans worse an
african-american uprising had left
Detroit in flames so President Lyndon
Johnson appointed a group headed by
Illinois Governor Otto Kerner to study
what caused the Detroit riots the
landmark report found the crisis in
America was based on poverty and race a
nation profoundly split between black
and white rich and poor it was a shock
to people in the nation although it was
describing what many had seen two
nations divided one black one white this
week fifty years later an update to the
Kerner commission report says by many
standards the rifts in American society
have grown worse child poverty is up 14%
then 22 percent now school segregation
has returned to 1968 levels a yawning
education gap between the number of
blacks whites and Hispanics who go to
college is widened I would oversimplify
the sense of governmental fault I think
it's a societal fault right I think each
of us have a responsibility that if our
government isn't reflective of what we
need to make sure that we rely be them
and that we explain to them that the
important and the urgency in doing the
work so I think in May a part and parcel
of the issue is absolutely the
government in their way their inability
to really provide us with the additional
sports the report blames budget cuts
since the 1980s to poverty programs
desegregation mental health housing in
schools we haven't gotten there yet but
the goal of us to push us there to
Center this event to really talk about
racism and classism and it's in this
space was we have a number 45 in office
it is it is our obligation to make sure
we do that we have we can no longer say
that that's something we'll talk about
five years from now I don't want to be
here 50 years from now talking about
this again
that is a wake-up call the report's
authors conclude that has largely gone
unanswered for half a century John Henry
al-jazeera
