no different the fallout continues the
head of the US Olympics Committee Scott
Blackmun says he's stepping down citing
health concerns related to prostate
cancer the announcement comes amid
pressure for him to leave for reportedly
mishandling the sex abuse scandal
involving the u.s. gymnastics team
Blackmun led the USOC for eight years he
drew praise for helping Los Angeles win
the 2028 Olympic bid but these
accomplishments were overshadowed do you
swear to tell the truth the whole truth
and nothing but the truth under penalty
of perjury
according to reports he may have known
about allegations against former
gymnastics dr. Larry Nasser as early as
September 2015 despite complaints
critics say he did not properly
intervene before he was sentenced to 175
years in prison
Nasser's victims addressed him in court
the accounts echoed the me2 movement
reflecting widespread abuse of power
the former USA gymnastics team doctor
was convicted for sexually abusing more
than 260 female athletes the abuse
spanned decades and included his
employment at Michigan State University
parents and athletes say they complain
to top officials yet the abuse continued
and nazzer
remain employed as details of abuse were
made public the entire Board of USA
Gymnastics resigned in January mr.
Blackman is the latest official
embroiled in the scandal to step down
but he may not be the last a bipartisan
group of US senators has called for a
further investigation
katia lupus of a young al jazeera
