it's a city in ruins with entire
neighborhoods reduced to rubble the most
damage is in Mosul's old city that stood
for centuries before the ISIL onslaught
this is where ISIL fighters fought to
the bitter end
and as bulldozers sift through the grim
reality of war emerges in the rubble of
booby-trapped and bombed out buildings
shrapnel shell casings and dead bodies
plenty of them in Ellicott kaviraja de
Jesus we found many bodies including
ISIL ones scattered all across these
neighborhoods you can see the bodies
huge numbers we need support from the
international community and organization
we have limited capacities we need help
to lift these bodies and diseases also
to how people go back home hundreds of
bodies of ISIL fighters were found they
will be buried in mass graves but it
seems that it's the civilians who paid
the highest price in this war so far
more than 3,000 bodies have been
retrieved and still counting uncovered
in the trappings of war they will be
delivered to forensic labs in order to
be identified and ultimately returned to
their families even if many are beyond
recognition and will remain anonymous a
group of volunteers is helping out young
people who despite the stench in the air
the emotional and security challenges
say they want to bring Mosul back to its
own glory we come here each morning pull
out the bodies and put them in bags
there are many obstacles our capacities
are limited the roads are blocked with
rubble we can barely move and we sift
through it with our hands our only tools
are rubber gloves and face masks Abu
Mustafa is overwhelmed he's just an add
a visit to his hometown alone he doesn't
want his family to see how Mosul has
become a city of the Dead doesn't
evaporate Jude
we need more help to get rid of these
bodies as soon as possible the smell is
unbearable and disease is spreading
people are reluctant to come back
because of this many are afraid they
could enter their houses and find a
booby-trapped bod
from an isil guy a fraction of moses old
city has been cleared so far one
estimate puts the number of civilian
deaths at 10,000 it could be higher for
people who wouldn't or couldn't leave
their homes during the war the
devastation is a testimony to what
happened here but their voices will
never be heard
mohammed al jazeera
