Theo's word detention center has never
been far from controversy it houses some
four hundred people mainly women and
family groups and reports are rife of
desperate inmates driven to extreme
situations in the 16 years that it's
been open campaigners say many of the
detainees are in a state of limbo with
no knowledge of how long they're meant
to be there we spoke to one such
detainee who asked us to call her Sarah
she wouldn't say her real name or which
country she's from as she says she's too
afraid of the repercussions from the
authorities already detained for three
months Sarah has no idea when she can
leave what exactly are the conditions
like that you and other detainees are
facing psychologically it's very very
oppressive because the indefinite
detention means that you just living
your life in uncertainty all the time
you don't know where you're gonna go you
don't know when you're gonna go this is
not the first time that yaws wood has
been under scrutiny the center has been
criticized for failing to meet the needs
of the most vulnerable women there well
their report last year said that the
conditions had improved significantly
the women on strikes say that the
authorities are failing to uphold the
laws that are meant to protect them
despite various appeals to the British
Home Office little has changed for the
women detained there activists for the
hunger strikers say that those who do
protest are singled out for punishment
the British Home Office gave this
statement to al-jazeera the tension and
removal are essential parts of effective
immigration controls especially in
support for the removal of those with no
lawful basis to stay in the UK we do not
detain individuals indefinitely when
people are detained it is for the
minimum time possible and detention is
reviewed in a regular basis opposition
politicians who have managed to gain
entrance to the centre to see the
conditions for themselves have also
raised concerns over how detainees are
being treated one of the issues that
have been raised is women also feeling
sexually harassed by male workers
through such an Center
difficult for the woman I met to say
everything they wanted to say because
the Home Office never left me alone with
them and they did talk about men coming
into their bedrooms at night without
permission Becerra and her fellow hunger
strikers the hopelessness they feel in
their surroundings has called for
desperate measures for a lifeline they
hope will come soon Sonia guy a girl
al-jazeera
London
