despite their fears and despite the
trauma these students have been through
they came back to Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school just two weeks after
losing so many local police were on hand
to greet them many wearing the school's
colors handshakes and hugs were
plentiful the act of walking through
these gates hard to imagine a first and
how there's so much security here and I
just feel my friends and teachers over
the past two weeks these students have
become a force for change their calls
for gun reform of fuel the national
debate their rallying call of never
again echoed by parents who lost
children you see me here I don't want to
do this but you guys look at me I want
to be the last father of a murdered kid
that's ever in this country that's it
this is me I'm the last father
everyone's gonna say yep that's the last
that was his daughter that died that was
the last one from protesting at the
State Capitol to social media campaigns
many here plan to keep pressure on
politicians next month many of these
students will march in Washington DC
with the hope their voices will be heard
I lost one of my really close friends in
this Massacre and
so never again is just we refuse to be a
statistic we refuse to let anything else
happen we're going to actually advocate
for gun control for the students of
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
this has been a traumatic but important
day many were keen to be reunited with
friends and teachers in what was a day
of healing going forward students will
only attend 1/2 days the building where
17 lives were lost is likely to be
demolished and turned into a memorial
and the Gallacher al jazeera parkland
Florida
