Cicely loves fishing in the town of
Mazzara is in the perfect spot it's
right in the southwest corner of the
island across the Mediterranean Tunisia
is just 200 kilometers away the old town
is a warren of narrow streets there's
been a North African casbah here for 12
centuries the Tunisian population grew
about 50 years ago as Sicilians
emigrated themselves his vanity and as
the mayor proudly points out to that
immigration has proved hugely valuable
for the economy what we saw near the
marina we needed sailors and they worked
on our fishing boats we needed farmers
and they worked in our fields for
generations later their children is
distinguishing themselves in our schools
and the jobs market but the Africans
making the journey to Italy in the 21st
century are finding things far harder
accuser Sicilian they're being a bit
racist and you really won't like what
they say back to you because this place
prides itself on having an entire
history of being welcoming and
hospitable to everybody but the problem
is that the European Union has so badly
mismanaged the refugee reception crisis
and put so much pressure on Sicily that
even here attitudes of shifting head
north up the coast to Palermo and you
can see how Sicily has suffered the
economy bled dry by the Mafia and
ignored or insulted by political parties
that regards southern Italians as stupid
peasants one of those very parties used
to be called the Northern League now
it's taken northern out of its name and
is actively campaigning in Sicily having
spent years being rude about Sicilians
being poor it's now trying to convince
them that refugees are causing their
poverty if you let hundreds of thousands
of people in you can't absorb them
secondly who are you really letting in
criminals it could be anyone
there is no analysis the refugees are
damaging the Sicilian economy the Mafia
and political corruption did all that
for those who try to offer opportunities
to these new migrants the shifting of
blame is a cynical attempt by national
politicians to divert attention in
Sicily away from problems that they
created OG nowadays there are political
parties which are racist
and they're using fear and suggesting
that someone might steal what we have
they promise to protect us the bald
faxes are the total failure of the
European Union to share refugees across
the continents has placed enormous
strain on one of the poorest parts of
Italy and given the hard right wing a
huge opportunity in this election
Mazzara and it's happy Tunisian endlave
is now the exception Lawrence the Al
Jazeera Sicily
