for the first time in decades there's a
palpable fear of nuclear war in Asia
with North Korean missiles landing close
to Japan's Shores relations between the
two countries are colder than ever and
Japan's Korean community is feeling the
chill more than most I'm Steve Chou in
this edition of one on one East we
explore life in Japan under North
Korea's nuclear shadow
when this siren blares across Japan
people have just ten minutes to seek
cover from a missile attack
capsule Yoshi Horiguchi has planted
he designed and built a nuclear bunker
behind his daughter the pub
or a Gucci son hide yes very fast about
three minutes
oh is that kind of how long it takes to
get down here into the bunker it's a
mall so this is a sample yes generally
it takes three minutes to get here
good this that's open six minutes is the
limit so three is okay the retired
grandfather believes seven people could
survive in this bunker it's equipped
with air purifiers supplies and a
computer for contacting the outside
world
listen air asuka as long as the air
purifier works we can live here in the
bunker for one week there's a lot of
food and water under the bed for the
toilet we put a plastic bag in the
bucket bucket I mean Horiguchi says his
bunker is needed now more than ever in
2017 North Korea tested 23 Rockets
including two long-range missiles that
landed in Pacific Ocean waters near
Japan what has happened recently that
drove you to start building a bunker so
again now your thirst or trampled
territorial guard or when Donald Trump
was elected American president I started
to worry the North Korea and the USA
would start fighting and go to war I
started researching found parts from
Switzerland and started building in
January 2017
and I would add Gordon he fears a
missile strike could contaminate and
destroy the environment he loves
Horiguchi worries his government is
blindly following America's aggressive
approach to North Korea in company worth
well more than half of Japanese people
agree with America attacking North Korea
I think this is very dangerous
Abby is going to exploit that and
purchase missiles for the military I
also do Misaka Misaka online and a
scatter of corn issue I think we are
facing a very dangerous situation
being tough on North Korea helped Shinzo
Abe a win his fourth term as Prime
Minister he claims it poses the biggest
threat to Japan since World War two the
pacifist nation is investing in missile
defense systems increasing sanctions and
pushing a tough diplomatic line against
the regime Shinzo Abe air sees clearly
that now is the kind for us to show a
consolidated front against North Korea
if there is any small spot for
misunderstanding misinterpretation
that's going to be tantamount for you to
showing weakness and weakness invites
provocation professor tomohiko Taniguchi
is the Prime Minister's Foreign Affairs
adviser the sheer tempo and pace with
which North Korea has come very much a
long way to build its nuclear arsenal
and missile technology have been a
surprise for every one of us including
the Japanese Chinese and the Americans
unlike other nuclear powers they say
that they are willing to use the weapon
and I think that shocked a lot of people
it's also put the country on high alert
since last year authorities have been
staging evacuation drills to prepare
citizens for a potential attack in the
past these evacuation drills have been
held in Rome perfections in places like
schools and public buildings this is the
first time such an event has happened in
the capital Tokyo - Mira Devi's
in this subway station every second of
this 10-minute exercise is choreographed
our enemy is a lack of knowledge you
must be prepared and you should control
the people's minds so that they would
not panic that's something that you must
avoid at all cost
as tensions rise members of Japan's
ethnic Korean community are feeling the
pressure
Shin Gulen is the principal of a Tokyo
high school aligned to the North Korean
regime I always have this fear that our
people's freedom and movement will be
restricted
many of these school children are
descendants of Koreans brought here as
prisoners or slave labor during World
War two when Korea split into many in
Japan's Korean community pledged
allegiance to the north as a result
their schools and businesses have always
been viewed with suspicion
whenever there's an excuse the police
use all sorts of nonsensical reasons to
come in search of schools in raids if we
go to war our community may face a
severe crisis under the watchful eyes of
North Korea's leaders students here
learn in both Korean and Japanese every
year the regime gives two million
dollars to a network of kindergartens
schools and universities across Japan
mother the most important thing we teach
the students is then they can contribute
to reunite Korea here in our school our
goal is not to teach communism our goal
is to teach the students how to live as
Koreans within Japanese society
parents do not want a North Korean
education for their children their wish
is for their children to speak the
language and learn the culture and live
as proud Korean people in Japan that's
why they send their children here they
identify in their senior years these
school students go on a two-week
excursion to Pyongyang for most of them
it's the first in only time they'll
visit North Korea myself and other
people here we own cars we go for
holidays it's unrealistic for us who
have these sorts of lifestyles to go
back to North Korea not on the day we go
back to the motherland will be when
Korea is unified
prosperous smooth and free I'm meeting
up with fifteen-year-old ryeong song to
hear what the students think it's
lunchtime and the canteen is a hive of
activity
feeling like the new kid at school I try
to get to know ryeong samba
you see that's how I see you I see good
thanks good
I was expecting the school to be very
strict very regimented and I'm surprised
at how casual things go on here well you
don't know yes there are many strict
rules but among my friends we chat with
discuss and we're having a great time
Rhian songs grandparents migrated here
during the Korean War
his parents are divorced and he lives
with his mother and brother when you
grow up what do you want today I won't
say carpenter carpenter yeah history is
one of his favorite subjects so I asked
him how his understanding of the past
shapes his views oh my gosh you are
let's all say well the Korean Peninsula
used to be one country unless he was
divided but we still think about it the
same way that we're all Koreans that's
what we're learning and I think it is
very important to keep this feeling that
we are one so you determine on day the
teachers educators about history and the
current problems and the teachers ask us
to keep watching what's happening
because it is our motherland hating us
my now there's a lot of talk about
missile ears but for myself
I really want them to solve the
situation ok so I'm hoping that Japan
and Korea will have a good relationship
in the future I asked him what he knows
about America's criticism of the regime
I'm not so common across Korea well we
haven't covered these things in detail
well I saw Tiffany I'm not so comedy
class not in detail
the principal says the school teaches
history from both the Japanese and North
Korean perspective when we teach North
Korea's political system we explain
Pyongyang's point of view but for social
studies we don't teach Pyongyang's point
of view we reflect how Japanese school
is teaching otherwise our students won't
pass the college entrance exam he admits
that the North Korean heroes in their
textbooks as seen as terrorists in Japan
none more so than the two men that
shaped North Korea but someone's missing
why is there no portrait of Kim jong-un
the current leader upon the classroom
walls regarding Kim jong-un so far we
don't have any direct guidance or
support from him so I don't think about
hanging up his picture Kim il-sung and
Kim jong-il are the leaders who show as
continuous support in our school 70 year
history so we hang up their portraits to
show our appreciation this loyalty comes
at a cost
Japan's government recently slashed
funding for any schools with ties to
North Korea what makes it legitimate for
taxpayers to spend their money on
institutions that are constantly telling
pupils that the Japanese are your
enemies it does it just does not make
sense the school that you talked about
is legitimizing everything that North
Korea does do you want to send your
children to that school
that's the question that those parents
must ask themselves very seriously
ryeong song can't understand the
criticisms of each school la se√±al
internet omo we use the internet freely
no restrictions this is not the time to
think only about Korea we are taught we
shouldn't just criticize Japan he
certainly seems like any other 15 year
old school boy cheeky and full of
surprises what about you what do you
like my magic yes magic can you can you
show us a trick
you know Benny Oh acquaint Rick that's
not the only trick ryeong song has
obviously this year he made it onto the
school's prestigious boxing team
today they trained for Afghan
competition
his father wanted him to play soccer but
ryeong songs passion is to be in the
ring toss an if I become professional I
want to be a representative of my home
country Korea that's another thing his
father may not want to hear let's cheer
toka did I go out to eat with my father
he hates that he is real I don't like
that because in my heart I always want
to be Korean I always think about that
but he understands his father is just
trying to protect him so no I remember
when I was in kindergarten I say this is
my name and I'm Korean ah ah my friends
say ah my mother and father told me that
is the country where people live
since then I've realized that many
people here think this way
in this tense political climate a number
of far-right groups are stoking these
divisions
we're outside the South Korean embassy
where the authorities work hard to stop
a number of trucks driven by far-right
protesters
Japan's new heights bachelors than such
groups from demonstrating in public
places so to get around the laws they
use trucks to keep moving it's actually
really hard to follow these trucks
because the protesters don't for five
minutes
spats and Hague speech and then just
drive on when they struggle to get
closer to the embassy their anger soon
turns to us
and right-wing activists are taking
things even further in late February
Tokyo's early morning quietly shattered
when two men were arrested for allegedly
firing multiple gun shots at North
Korea's de facto embassy we meet with
one of the prime movers behind these
right-wing groups Hiroyuki setter is the
leader of a new political party called
Japan first he supports Prime Minister
are BAE's strong stance against North
Korea
you must need a me sound so husband we
should start war immediately that's my
view when war starts North Korea will be
destroyed and when there is no nation
the North Korean schools here will be
shut down
Seto admits that he has organized a
number of demonstrations against Koreans
he defends these aggressive methods
saying many migrants are funneling
millions of dollars to the North Korean
regime through their businesses so with
the Chosun sword in it actually I think
some of them who claim to be South
Korean nationals are actually close to
north there is the hidden ideology
behind them sad wishes although I
haven't
now that he can no longer hold
demonstrations
seto takes his right-wing message online
he will do a business my actions aren't
hate speech they are normal activity
hate speech law doesn't restrict any of
our activity but when pressed
seto has had enough there is no question
about North Korea there are many
questions about hate speech I don't want
to answer those people who support hate
speech laws are left-wing the hate
speech laws are made by those who are
trying to suppress our voice we fight
against dangerous people we don't fight
with those who pose no threat to us
don't worry
okay that's it don't worry
hate speech laws are a positive step for
a country notoriously cold on
immigration do you feel the hate speech
laws have to be stronger well in theory
there is room for those laws to be
strengthened but this challenge is going
to be something that is not going away
we have to live with it while others may
target them Koreans like ryeong song are
getting on with their lives today his
boxing team is competing against a
prestigious Japanese high school like I
don't know be more active there is so
much equipment and lots of pictures I
feel this school must be very well
established that's it guys I'll stop
right now I'm nervous but even if your
cameras weren't here I would still try
to give 100% of my best ryeong song
we'll be fighting a Japanese boy he's
met before at other events do you think
you have the skills to beat it I'm not
confident I'll win but I'll do my best
when the competition begins
the Korean team is on the back flip
soon its ryeong songs turn to contest
three rounds he's slow to start
and his opponent lands more punches
yeah Littlefield is the bad continues
ryeong song fights back attacking in
short birth but it's not enough they
were there enough day I didn't do well I
was so nervous my feet couldn't move and
I got punched by my opponent see this is
something I need to work on when the
contest ends there is no animosity but
two teams start training together
my philosophy is in the ring it doesn't
matter who the opponent is out of the
ring
I'm building friendship you can itis
Korean summer camp Asian year is about
more than chasing the glory of victory
sports art austere isn't through sport I
like to tell them we are not bad people
we are not hostile everyone should get
along that's all thing do you I would
like to erase the bad image North Korea
Angelina you saw Sarah
so things interstate I'm lucky at the
quarry top and if I win
I can show everyone Sarah Sarah that I
did it as a career a Peter kidding
that's how I deal
