cigarette burns lash marks still visible
many months on but there was worse the
Lola my head was submerged into the
water they put petrol sprayed polythene
back over my head you made me suffocate
and I was made to lie facing down on a
bench then they beat me a bit pattern on
soles of my feet and sexually abused me
and raped me it was cruel and
humiliating I know they squeeze my penis
and I find difficult to talk about what
happened to me in terms of sexual
torture because which affected me a lot
mentally he's not alone this support
group has helped 76 tanners with English
lessons and art therapy who all say
they've been tortured in the past three
years since Sri Lanka's new government
came to power long after the end of the
civil war you see a separate team
abducting a separate team interrogating
and torturing and another team releasing
you see a very systematic pattern of
violations across the country and it's
the same in the last three years as it
was in the previous years under the
Rajapaksa regime so I'm not saying that
the prime minister or the president is
ordering this but clearly this is very
systematic within the security forces
the police in the army still at the Sri
Lankan Embassy in London Tamils protest
against human rights abuses by the
government
many carry the flag of the ltte which
itself carried out many abuses during
the Civil War there's clearly distrust
between at least parts of the Tamil
community in this country and the Sri
Lankan authorities we've put the
allegations in our report to the Sri
Lankan government it says it takes all
violations of human rights extremely
seriously it argues that the situation
in Sri Lanka is improving it says it
will investigate and prosecute all
alleged cases of torture and is working
with the UN and human rights groups to
this end a different man whom we met
through different contacts but the story
is depressingly similar they used some
kind of hot heated metal rods and just
one of my leg is upside down and they
just pulling from my leg with a pulley I
totally believed I will die he too was
accused of supporting the LTTE he too
says he was tortured by the police's
Criminal Investigation Department and he
too paid a bribe and fled Sri Lanka
he's been refused to sell him in Britain
but he's appealing so are many at the
support group after also being refused
although the British government told us
there are credible reports of ongoing
torture in Sri Lanka and it says it has
updated its Asylum policy accordingly
Barnaby Philips al-jazeera London
