digging more graves is how some spend
the five hour pause in the daily
bombardment of eastern buta with many
deaths every day the local council
arranges for mass burials on the Syrian
government side of the Rafah deem
crossing buses and ambulances waited for
civilians to cross but people in who
deny a claim by the Russian president
that some civilians crossed over on the
second day of the pause and fighting we
have managed to get out quite a big
group of those who wanted to leave but
the second group could not leave because
the militants just did not give them an
opportunity to do so people in eastern
goota called the five our daily pause in
hostilities a joke they asked how can
anyone expect them to want to cross to
the same people who bombed them for the
other 19 hours of the day not much has
changed for the nearly 400,000 in
besieged eastern butta many have been
stranded in basements like this one this
woman says her family has survived on
pieces of radish for the last three days
there's human flesh everywhere says this
man who also tells how he has been
disabled by his injuries there are
similar tales of despair in other
shelters the situation here is just
hunger and sickness no showers the
children sleep hungry here activists say
the price of bread is a hundred times
more than just a few kilometers away in
the Syrian capital Damascus and very
expensive rice is rarely available this
woman says she found some spinach near
the river and that's going to be their
meal medical supplies are limited and
many hospitals have been destroyed
doctors in eastern Jota have resent a
list of 85 people to the United Nations
who are mostly women and children that's
among the more than 1,000 people who
urge n't ly need medical evacuation but
in eastern hota no aid has come in and
none of the people who are sick or
wounded have been able to go out for
Solomon Javed al Jazeera Gaziantep on
the turkey-syria border
