hiya Fermi okay you're in the stream
today how our young people changing the
conversation on us gun reform the
student-led never again movement is
demanding and major changes to gun laws
following an attack on the Marjory
Douglas Stoneman High School in parkland
Florida 17 people were killed when a
former student opened fire with an
assault rifle rifle and that was two
weeks ago
I'm Malika Bilal within days of that
assault the Parkland students marched to
the State Capitol Tallahassee and urged
major reform on television and social
media now they're planning to lead a
rally in the u.s. capital Washington DC
that's expected to draw hundreds of
thousands of people they've also
inspired students from across the
country to walk out of school in support
of the never again movement have a look
we need change we need something to
happen
I am afraid I am afraid that I will be
the next shooting and I'm afraid that my
family will have to hear the news that I
didn't make it school shootings in the
US have become a sad fact of life and
for many students active shooter drills
are regular occurrence so far this year
there have been at least 18 incidents
where a gun was either fired on or near
a school campus according to figures
compiled by the every town for gun
safety group over the last five years
there have been almost 300 incidents
where a gun has been fired at or near a
school u.s. school shattering any sense
security among students teachers and
parents so can students have an impact
on these statistics with the sunset is
Clifton Kinney a 21 year old student at
Howard University in Washington DC he's
a political activist originally from st.
Louis Missouri joining us from Chicago
is Charlene Carruthers she is national
director of the black youth project 100
that's a member based organization of 18
to 35 year old activists and organizers
kharkova is a student at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida and also from parklands we have
Olivia feller she is a student in her
junior year at Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School it's good to have you with
us everybody I wish it was under better
circumstances Olivia when did you know
when did you know that you were in a
movement what was the clue um honestly
the thing that made me really realize
how huge this was was when we went to
Tallahassee I was one of the students
who got to go up there to speak to
lawmakers and the night we got there we
were greeted at a local high school in
Tallahassee and when we got there there
were about 500 students waiting and a
ton of media and cameras and everything
and I realized for the national news and
I realized how huge it was and how well
recognized it was everywhere and that
was the moment where I realized that we
were really making impact everywhere -
I'm just thinking of you watching this
like the rest of us watching from around
the world did you have a clue
that something unusual was going on here
well first and foremost thank you for
having me here today my thoughts and
prayers go out to the victims their
families and to the never again
activists who are standing up right now
in Florida and across this country to
make sure that gun violence ends my
tweet the other day on Twitter was not a
critique of the student protest when did
you know that this was a movement before
we get into tweets it was so it wasn't
critique of the student protest movement
but acknowledgement that the student is
there were rising up against gun
violence I noticed that it was a organic
movement once I saw that young people
were angry similar to how we were in
Ferguson but we weren't just angry we
started organizing in a ways generations
haven't seen before and we began
protesting for gun reform much like the
students in Florida are now let me just
share with our audience what you're
talking about here next four change is
part of this never again movement have a
look here on my laptop next for change
says much of what I've done I wanted to
do was inspired by black lives matter
and in just scrolling up to you saying
thank you and glad you're all standing
up for what's right and recognizing the
dynamics the majority privilege often
creates many here so this definitely has
become a movement even if it didn't just
start here which is what your tweet was
referencing that this is a movement
that's been in the works for a while and
it is spreading though to places that it
might not have seen before this is
Rebecca on Twitter she says I'm a senior
in college so the fact that I've been in
school since Columbine which is
referencing another major shooting makes
March for our lives an extremely
important issue to me and she's
referencing a march that's scheduled for
March 24th where students will come to
the US Capitol she says I got involved
through a Facebook group for the
Birmingham Alabama March and volunteered
to help get students from my University
involved being in the state of Alabama
we feel that all eyes are on us when it
comes to this issue we have an amazing
group of student leaders organizing for
this March and I'm excited that's one
person in Alabama we also got someone
who said something very
similar and she's in Seattle this is
what she told the string really it's
about who gets to be seen as heroes and
who gets to be seen as victims and who
gets to be seen as worthy of our
protection and the youth and parkland
are being uplifted right now when ever
again and that's exactly what they
deserve and yet when it was black youth
in the movement for black lives not only
using the same tactics but designing
them they were largely abandoned by
society and we need to interrogate why
that is and what happens when it's black
youth that's doing the disrupting
because the reality is without black
youth no real change or progress is
possible so that was Jenai akan and she
wrote this piece why it hurts when the
world loves everyone but us and I must
spoke there she's not in Seattle she is
actually in Los Angeles but Chi I want
to throw that to you so you see people
organizing all across the country but
she wants us to remember this point
which is this movement has been in the
works for a while what do you make about
I personally think that this this
movement you know since it's so
all-encompassing this is something a lot
of Americans can get behind you know a
lot of Americans you know the American
Dream is I want to start a family and
get a nice house and live out the rest
of my life right and people have done
that here in parkland you know and the
issue with the black lives matter
movement as far as you know the
abandonment goes is that you know it was
for a long time blacks have been you
know downtrodden and associated with
criminality and here this is an issue
that like I said everyone can get behind
it softens the hearts of all regardless
of race so Chi I love to jump in there I
think that you all have like lifted up
some really important things and when we
think about the long history of young
people rising up particularly young
black people rising up in this country
and protest against the various ways
that they are harmed criminalized and
experienced violence it has never been
the most popular thing like dr. Martin
Luther King jr. is now seen as this
popular character but when at the height
of the movement he was not actually
supported when they did the children's
march during the civil right
movement those young people and their
parents were heavily criticized and so
what I want us to get away from this
idea that what's happening in this
moment is just simply more palatable
because it's a broad issue the movement
for black lives is actually about all
people it's just about young black folks
and get black people period like
demanding very clear things developing
leadership in saying that if we were
free everybody will be free in turn
Olivia I want to bring you back in here
with this tweet because I hear what
you're saying Charlene so this is Sammy
who says the youth of America are
America's future now that we're older
we're getting into adulthood we can
finally have a voice
long story short people the innocent
children are dying because guns are far
too easy to access and it's being
shrugged off by older people and
Congress and by the National Rifle
Association who don't have experiences
like these tragedies I live about an
hour away from Sandy Hook elementary and
it rocked the whole of New England it's
time to put a stop to all of this and
it's time to raise our voices and Olivia
I bring this up because after the Sandy
Hook shooting which was at an elementary
school you had a lot of people saying
these are little babies something has to
be done after this shooting is that a
feeling that you have now um I feel like
it's totally different for us since
we're high schoolers we're educated and
we have we can speak on this issue and
we have our voices and we have the
platform to use them especially on
social media and on TV and things like
that we have the platform to show our
voices and we have the ability to speak
eloquently and we're educated on the
issues and we can speak for ourselves
you know we don't have to depend on
adults who often fall short because
they're refusing to take action
themselves and speak for us where it's a
student-led movement we're doing this
ourselves and of course we're very
grateful and we love the support of the
administration the teachers all adults
and everyone but this is really a
student-led movement and what I think
we're showing me once again on that
we're not seeing what's the movement
part of it we see the media interviews
we see the walk outs we see the
gatherings
we don't sing behind the scenes share
that with us and kiting I mean there's
kind of just this unspoken like like
aura of just power and power and this
force that is driving us to really want
change because we know it needs to
happen and it's like none of us really
intended for for example like social
media Fame or anything like that it just
happened and now we have this force
driving us and I mean there's nothing
really behind the scenes that that isn't
being projected to the world because
we're trying to use our platforms and so
voices show everything III hate it but
what I'm wondering though kya is saying
you going to school you're doing your
studies and are you having meetings are
you having strategy meetings
do you have advisors coming in how do
you how do you build this movement that
started organically from a tragic
incident when we were marching on
Tallahassee originally that night they
assigned us into groups based upon the
friends we had that we agreed you know
in in terms of the views that we had on
certain topics right so basically at
least what I do is we meet rather weekly
we talk about the issues that we'd like
to address and you know certain on
certain topics but the reason why this
whole movement started in the first
place and why we're so passionate about
it is because this has directly affected
us I have friends who have lost friends
as a result of this and I know people
who were in the hospital and I prayed
for them every single day they made of
that so to me this strikes a very
personal chord and it's not something I
plan on the banding anytime soon when we
were in Tallahassee so we were in the
same group and we were we were sitting
on the floor in the hallway up until
really late at night we were drafting
what we were gonna say to the lawmakers
we were planning on what our arguments
were going to be and we were thinking on
specific concrete changes that we want
to make in the laws not just we want
change you know we want to propose our
own ideas and stuff and so we were -
what did you like what did you write
down what were those specific changes
that you wrote down so we wrote down
different
ideas for mental health reform and gun
reform including the assault weapons ban
stricter background checks mental health
evaluations we got into the specifics of
those kinds of things and we proposed it
to the lawmakers and I hope they really
listen to our message and her but we
were trying to say
Sharleen yeah so generally like I'm
super excited pretty much any time young
people decide to organize around
something that they believe in I'm
curious about like if you all are
interested in like making connections
and deep connections with many of the
black student-led groups and young and
black youth led organizations and groups
of people who've been on the ground in
Baltimore Chicago Charlotte Chicago just
all over the country and if they're like
concrete ways that we can maybe even
share some of the lessons that we've
learned on some of the things that
haven't worked and some of the things
that have worked well so so yeah we we
understand that black youth across this
country have been protesting for gum
reform now for nearly over four years
now we understand that police violence
and the way that police utilized their
guns and black communities is also a
form of gun violence that has to be
addressed we also cannot support and we
have to push for a gun gun reform that
does not penalize people in ways that
increase mass incarceration we
understand that we need urgent gun
reform now we do need to support assault
weapons bans and universal background
checks but we also need to make sure
that we're not increasing crimes and
creating new penalties that will
increase mass incarceration and hurt
communities of color I had the question
but I think yeah lívia go ahead go oh
I'm just gonna say that's that's another
reason why we're so for the prevention
instead of the defense against gun
violence because some people seem to
think the solution is more guns to
defend against the like for example the
good guy with a gun beats a bad guy with
a gun argument the reason why we have
such a problem with that is because or
like for example the argument of army
teachers and that can't work for so many
reasons but one reason is that there's
gun violence in all different types of
communities there's gun violence at
concerts and clubs and things like that
and you can't have so much security
everywhere especially in schools and the
issue really needs to be tackled by
preventing it and limiting restricting
guns in the first place rather than
adding more guns until everyone until
everyone is trying to defend themselves
with a gun because more guns just leave
some work on deaths accidental deaths
gun violence and it's really important
that there's restrictions on the sale of
guns in the first place
to prevent against this and I think part
of the problem for activists on this
side of the debate is that not everyone
agrees with them or your point of view
this is a tweet we got from grain of
salt who says we know the left is trying
to disarm us because it makes us less
powerful and easier to dominate
politically we know it's just a power
move and we're not going to stand for it
Kyle when you see tweets like this would
you even consider yourself a member of
any party a member of any political
persuasion is this about politics for
you well no I you know we've pushed from
the very very beginning that this has to
be able by partisan issue
it's not about red or blue it's not
about Republican or Democrat it's
strictly about you know saving lives the
whole you know push for this is that
we're trying to secure the the safety
and just overall livelihood of our
future children you know it's not about
you know a guy who likes guns versus the
guy who doesn't it's not simply about
that it's a it's there's a bigger
purpose in it and you know if with
Olivia was saying as with regard to
arming teachers that that's a we feel we
thought that was a much bigger issue
than you know it was being treated as
you know what I mean because teachers we
didn't really feel we're reliable enough
to you know because like for instance
most of the teachers that we have at our
school are elderly and we're not going
to depend
you know risk our lives are you know
depend on do have our lives depend on
the elderly to defend us in which case
you know because that just doesn't work
out fraud it's it guy maybe the stream
let me just remind everybody yes let me
just remind everybody what President
Trump said or
the 26th of February have a listen I
know that you have suggested arming our
teachers and I just know just not your
teachers not arming a small portion that
a very gun adept that truly know how to
handle because I do feel governor it's
very important that gun-free zones you
have a gun-free zone it's like an
invitation for these very sick people to
go there I do think that there has to be
some form of major retaliation if
they're able to enter a school so Olivia
if you just think about impact of what
your movement never again have done so
far you've had the president having a
number of conversations public
conversations people debating gun
violence gun control what else is on
your list of this is what we've done in
two weeks I mean we spoke to Florida
lawmakers a lot of people have written
letters to Congress and things like that
and another comment I want to make about
what Trump said is that he said he'd be
in support of well-trained teachers
having guns but I think there's still
problems with that because you eat no
matter how well-trained someone is you
don't know how they'll react in the real
situation it's hectic there's kids
running around you could accidentally
shoot an innocent an innocent student
you could mistake the wrong person um
the gun could go off accidentally
there's just so many things that could
go wrong and a lot of teachers not a lot
but some teachers are for example the
school resource officer be on our campus
chose to protect themselves instead of
trying to locate the shooter protect
others and it's just you don't know how
they'll react in the real situation like
we were there we heard the shots the
screams some people saw worse things
than others you know we know that that
can't possibly be a solution more guns
on campus is not the answer the only
thing that I could see is definitely
some more security guards because I mean
our school only had one resource officer
for about three thousand kids so a ratio
about one to one thousand I think is
good so some more trained officers
outside the classroom
but definitely no guns inside the
classrooms because I would feel unsafe
coming school so a lot of other so when
we I'm here in Chicago and so much of
what I've heard Olivia share is what I
hear from the young people who are
fighting to keep their public schools
open right now so I'm really inspired by
what y'all are doing in parkland and I
just want to see I want to know how we
can connect what's happening with the
young people fighting to keep their
schools open the young people fighting
to get police officers out of their
schools the young people fight in to
create safer communities because safety
is not just about the government the
state the government actually won't
create all of the safety that we need
and when we talk about the reasons that
young white men pick up assault weapons
and enter schools and commit mass acts
of violence it's beyond what anyone
policy can do I'm in support of us
actually like passing policy that's
meaningful for people's lives and how
are we going to talk about the role of
patriarchy of violence and how people
even develop their ideas around the
white supremacy patriarchy or anything
and there's so many things happening
across the country and the last thing I
want to say is give you yourselves time
to there so you've done so much in two
weeks
don't let these older folks and anybody
tell you that everything has to be done
in a month movements take time and you
want to come out on the other side of
this a whole person so couldn't you just
pick up on this idea of connecting
because Charlene and Clifton you're
really keen to connect but I'm just
wondering kai do you have the capacity
right now two weeks into this brand-new
movement to start connecting with other
people do you feel you're ready for that
are you ready I do I feel like I feel
like the more people we have you know of
all that all cultural denominations
would actually further serve to
strengthen the movement in the long run
because we cannot just approach this
from one socio-economical angle you know
we have to have all people under in
support of all of our issues like is
movements are founded particularly in
particularly the civil rights movement
you know it was supported by ELQ
it looks like we just lost Chi there and
question I know you want to get in I
want I want to bring this to you before
you do because this is someone who
thinks yes you guys can do this Joseph
says being able to organize for a
seventeen-year-old
really is easy we often forget that it's
in this stage of our lives that were
fueled up to show off what we learn in
class when we're most gregarious active
and competitive it's this stage of our
in our lives when differences are easily
suspended to win over economy enemy with
all of our energy you started this fight
in 2014 so I'm guessing you agree with
that yes so you know my mind really goes
back to August 2014 when my community
was met with unnecessary militaristic
police force and we chose to resist that
force by demonstrating and using our
First Amendment rights Michael Brandon
Mike Craig said I at the age of 17 I
organized our destiny SDL coalition of
high school students we engaged in
massive walkouts
massive demonstrations in we've got a
picture of you Ferguson
absolutely we lobby for legislation gum
reform because we saw a gum reform as
reforming the guns of police you cannot
talk about gun reform unless you talk
about police reform as well we also
understand that right now we have to
build an intersectional movement this
intersection of movement is going to be
led by our generation because our
generation is standing up and saying
enough is enough
we were radicalized and we were
energized and educated by Ferguson and
now we're looking at ways to sort of
unify this movement and talk about gun
reform and push for gun reform in ways
they do not hurt communities of color
and right now I've reached out to a few
activists we're focusing on how can we
make sure they're you I mean you're
talking about that connection you are
making them and actually if you go
through your Twitter feed at Clifton
Kinney I can see you talking to the
students in Florida and and hopefully
making those connections really strong
Olivia I have to say hashtag dump the
NRA is doing really well right now for
getting businesses to disconnect
with the NRA let me just show people
what's happened again in two weeks and
we're going to show you some of the
well-known brands that have opted out of
supporting the NRA so we have au Avis
healthcare firm MetLife United Airlines
we've got all those discount programs
they've gone away and the boycott
continues I I don't remember another
time where people have said or mass
we're not giving you our money we're not
supporting you
it's not a win is that your biggest win
so far it is a huge win because it shows
that these companies they're really
listening to us and even if politicians
keep giving big answers and like some
are advocating that they are going to
make some changes but others are just
they're dodging the questions all the
time and it's just that the fact that
these big companies are siding with us
and they're listening to us it it means
so much because when when something
affects these politicians pocketbooks
that can really get them to start
carrying so so like for example I
believe yesterday Dick's Sporting Goods
and Walmart yeah I saw that they're
changing the age and you can get a gun
at 21 Olivia possibly I'll go so fast
thank you to Kai and Charlene Clifton
and Olivia for being part of this
conversation take care everybody we
continue online hashtag a day straight
you
you
