as the United Nations Human Rights
Council continues its conference in
Geneva there are often discrepancies
between what officials tell the UN and
what happens on the ground so how
committed our governments in respecting
human rights this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program Hashem
Kabbalah all human beings are born free
and equal in dignity and rights
that's from the first article of the
United Nations Universal Declaration of
Human Rights which was signed in 1948
and since then the document has been
used as a standard for ensuring
fundamental rights and the protection of
minorities around the world the United
Nations Human Rights Council began its
annual conference in Geneva this week it
comes at a time when Amnesty
International says world leaders are
undermining the rights of millions we'll
get our guests in a moment but first
David Hayter sets up our discussion from
Geneva it was meant to be a celebration
the 70th anniversary of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights but the
shadow of conflict was casting a mood of
pessimism across the Paris of Nations as
the UN Human Rights Council began its
opening session this week in Geneva
today oppression is fashionable again
the security state is back and
fundamental freedoms are in retreat in
every region of the world and nowhere
more so than in Syria still no ceasefire
the bombing the killing and the maiming
have not stopped in eastern Goethe
although the government says it's
responding to rebel shelling on the
capital of Damascus it's important for
the United Nations to step up to the
plate and also meet those challenges
outside the chamber men who know all
about challenges Syrian members of the
white helmet rescue teams talking to a
colleague inside Eastern Goethe we do
not need assistance or heed we need a
ceasefire and a stop to the bloodshed
and massacres being committed against
civilians women and children against
Goethe never reached the stage of
emotional meltdown but the only thing
that continues to give us strength is a
smile that we see on a child's face or
words of blessing from a father or
mother
the reinjure crisis of Myanmar has been
described by the UN as a textbook
example of ethnic cleansing and the
fastest-growing refugee crisis in the
world 700,000 mostly Muslim rehén jure
have fled into neighboring Bangladesh
the country's army launched a campaign
of murder and rape to drive them from
their villages but that's not how the
minister from Myanmar described it in
Geneva in the fight against terrorists
who used civilian recruits there will
always be violence collateral damage and
civilian casualties Britain's Minister
of State at the Foreign Office beg to
differ and as I put to the minister just
now I said what is the first duty of any
responsible government it is the
security of all your citizens and from a
mind map perspective that means
irrespective of who they are what
community they belong to and yes that
means protecting the rights and the
civil rights at the human rights of the
rehén jure Muslim community many
political observers might also take an
issue with both the tone and content of
the speech by Egypt's foreign minister
to the Human Rights Council some a
shukri boasted Egypt created in record
time a modern constitution in line with
international standards to preserve
human rights and fundamental freedoms
but when Egyptians go to vote in
presidential elections in March they
won't have much of a choice on the
ballot any real challenger to President
Abdel Fattah el-sisi has either been
arrested or forced to drop out Human
Rights Watch says the crackdown is a
violation of the same Constitution their
foreign minister was so eager to
highlight and of course Al Jazeera's
journalists mcnaught Hussein has now
been held in an Egyptian prison for 14
months and has still not been formally
charged Egypt Myanmar and Syria three
prime examples of how a government side
of the story often stands in stark
contrast to what is actually happening
on the ground David cheetah al-jazeera
Geneva
I'm see international recently signaled
out several world leaders including
President General Trump and the Fatah
has seen its annual report saying they
are carelessly undermining the rights of
millions from the u.s. travel ban on
mainly muslim-majority countries to
Myanmar's crackdown against the revenger
amnesty says governments across the
globe are shamelessly backsliding on
human rights it adds that what it calls
hate-filled rhetoric threatens to
normalize discrimination against
marginalized groups but this has led to
a global protest movement including the
me to campaign and others like it in
support of Human Rights
honesty also criticized the global
response to mass killings particularly
in the Middle East calling it perilously
weak let's bring in our guests now
joining us on skype from geneva john
fisher the geneva vacasa director at
Human Rights Watch in London Coffee
Dillo me the founder of Africa lies
matter organization and in Perham wood
in England also on skype Rosa Friedman
professor the University of Reading Ross
is the author of failing to protect the
United Nations and the politicization of
Human Rights welcome to you all I would
like to start by asking mr. Fisher this
when you listen to the speeches are the
United Nations Human Rights Commission
some of the member states are known to
be human rights violators then you
wonder someone should be disconnected
from reality here is it the Member
States or is it the UN HRC itself well
there's no question we share the
concerns about human rights violators
who become members of the the UN's Human
Rights Council primarily in order to
block themselves from from scrutiny we
have seen on the Human Rights Council
states like like China like Egypt like
Saudi Arabia like Venezuela all of
course known for systematically
violating the human rights of their of
their own people at the same time the
human rights council has just started
its 37th session and it begins with
statements by foreign ministers so it's
expected that they will come and try and
and their cell the best vision of their
country possible even if it's
disconnected from reality
now that segment ends today in this
afternoon we'll have a panel discussion
on the 70th anniversary of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights and then get
into the real work of the council which
is negotiating the text of resolutions
we have seen in the course of 2017 even
though it's a very difficult political
environment for human rights
internationally but the Human Rights
Council has nonetheless created for
example a fact-finding mission into
atrocities in Myanmar an investigation
into violence and the co size region of
the of the DRC an investigation into
violations of human rights and
humanitarian law and Yemen as well as
many other other situations so while we
share the concerns while we we urged the
council to speak out more consistently
to bring attention to two violations by
all its members still there is a lot of
good work that is done Janome you have
created Africa lives matter to promote
and protect human rights in Africa do
you believe that organizations like the
UN HRC are there to protect people from
being tortured detained arrested in
places like Africa unfortunately I have
to say I have I have very little faith
in the UN for for doing that because
we've seen what the UN I was down over
the years in the Congo nothing has
changed in the Congo for the lives of
the Congolese people are saying well the
UN has done in the average ivory carry
so I to be honest with you I have very
little faith in the UN as a matter of
fact I knew Friedman I mean miss Rosa
you this is an intergovernmental
organization so the level of political
dealings here
a massive sometimes constraining the
workings within the institution is this
something which is likely to further
prevent this organization from moving
forward and establishing genuine change
in the in the world we can't just look
at the UN Human Rights Council on its
own we have to see it as part of the UN
Human Rights system which includes
independent experts Special Rapporteurs
includes treaty bodies those bodies have
many more powers and they have a
different level of expertise the Human
Rights Council was
created as an intergovernmental body and
we expect intergovernmental bodies to be
political and sometimes to be
politicized and because it's an
intergovernmental body it was not given
binding powers or ways to take action
forward because we knew that those
actions or binding powers could be
politicized by the member states
themselves I think it's our expectations
of the council that are too high and a
mismatch to reality and there needs to
be a greater understanding of what the
council can do and what is wrong
actually is just to give you an idea
about the controversy that has been
triggered over the last few days mr.
Fischer is the presence of Iranian
Justice Minister say it is a avaya who
was a general prosecutor back in Iran
and then has been accused of committing
atrocities against I guess activists in
the past many people just said with his
president should have been boycotted by
members of the United Nations High Human
Rights Commission I mean it's entirely
true that a number of governments and
their foreign ministers to present these
unrealistic pictures of the human rights
situation in their countries the UN is a
place where there is freedom of
expression so inevitably the states have
you know the opportunity of themselves
even though we may have bigger ously
disagree with what they have to say what
counts about the council now does with
whether the information on Iran which is
before it and at the session of the
council we're looking to see a renewal
of the Mandate of the the Special
Rapporteur on Iran there's been a very
very good mandate holder Asma Jahangir
who unfortunately passed away recently
so she will be successful we appointed
in due course for their position but we
are expecting the mandate of the Special
Rapporteur to be renewed so that
scrutiny can can continue to be brought
to the human rights situation in the
country we're also expecting a strong
resolution on the the situation of human
rights violations in Iran
as well as a joint statement likely led
by a number of states condemning the the
recent crackdown on peaceful protests
mr. Dillo me I mean you seem to have
little faith in the United Nations High
Human Rights Commission what do you
think should be done for example to
tackle the problem of abuses in Africa
do we need to have strong institutions
based in Africa or do you need to have
institutions that have the power and the
mandate
to enforce dramatic changes on the
ground well I like I said I think we
need institutions within UN with the
power to actually do something on the
ground so what we've seen across Africa
is in a deterioration of human rights
it's just
African governments I the abuse of their
their people they're supposed to be
protecting its own going and
non-stopping it's like so I mean for me
sitting here and being asked to answer
questions about the UN I don't see any
action has been taken by the UN to
actually change anything where these
governments are doing in Africa so yes
we need a stronger enforcement agency by
the UN to actually make things happen in
Africa in places in Africa we're talking
about ideas come go for instance nothing
is happening there we talk about places
like Togo nothing is happening there
Central African Republic
nothing is happening mhm miss Rosa I
mean this comes against the backdrop of
the report that was released by the
Amnesty International which depicts a
grim reality about what's happening in
terms of human rights abuses at the same
time the United Nations High
Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Raad
al-hussein is stepping down and the
reason why his stepping down is
basically because the culture the
environment is not conducive to any
genuine change it seems that we're
facing a real crisis when it comes to
the UN itself well let's be clear that
I'm the High Commissioner who has done
some excellent work during his term
isn't just stepping down because of the
culture outside of the UN amongst member
states there's also a culture within the
United Nations that is retracting in
terms of human rights and that culture
starts from the very top and from the
very new Secretary General who has a
background in humanitarian sort of
matters that has not taken human rights
at all seriously in terms of what the
other two speakers have both said about
first of all about having statements on
Iran about the types of resolutions that
can be passed but also the gentleman
just before me who was speaking about
what can
un deux on the ground I think we have to
understand what the UN is it's a hundred
and ninety three member states and the
UN can only take action against member
states who are sovereign
if those member states consent to the UN
entities coming in whether it's
peacekeeping whether its development
agencies or so on so statements are
important fact-finding missions are
important Security Council resolutions
are important as our Human Rights
Council resolutions and General Assembly
ones but really we have to look to the
hundred ninety three member states who
drive this organization who are the
bosses of this organization and ask is
there a genuine will is there a critical
mass of states who really want to
improve the human rights situations on
the ground in very many of these grave
and dire situations well speaking of
that genuine drive to change or to
introduce reform ACEF Fisher as Rosa has
just been saying let's look at cases
that we have been dealing with over the
last few years the atrocities committed
against the rehén Gia nothing has been
done to tackle the issue more than four
hundred thousand people have been killed
in Syria nothing has been done to tackle
this issue so what are we talking about
here well I should make clear that
obviously we are with a civil society
organization a human rights organization
so of course we share the concerns that
often the UN is slow to act off and
there is no other can and and needs to
be done so it's not not my role to to
defend the position of the United
Nations but I also recognize it is the
one place in the world where the the
governments of the world to come
together do meet and have the capacity
to decide and address issues of current
concern part of our role is to to push
both the the UN system itself and the
governments to make it up to ensure that
they are attentive to the the crises
that are unfolding before their eyes we
did see for example in relation to to
Myanmar that a fact-finding mission was
was created last year that final mission
is create is gathering information on on
atrocities there is a Special Rapporteur
who has been able to visit the country
although Myanmar itself as has blocked
her access recently I think
international pressure on Myanmar is
increasing and and we are seeing a large
number of states who used to consider
themselves allies of the country now
lining up and condemning them through
through UN resolution
yeah and so there's another of course
that's you know the situation is under
scrutiny and the Myanmar is getting icy
obviously rolled I'm sure that more is
done mr. Dillo may we keep saying that
we need the UN we'll need the other
international institutions to step in
when others believe that it's high time
for people like you to rally reach out
to others build a momentum bottom-up to
try to change the culture in continents
like Africa that's the only way we can
have a significance change instead of
always saying that we need the others to
step in yes I know that's what we've
been trying to do at African lives
matter in rallying the the grassroots
all across Africa and in a dice pura to
be become politically involved in what's
happening on their continent I mean what
the thing is the problem with what
happens in Africa's you know we have
these new colonial repressive regimes
that are supported and backed by
governments in the West and they have
the the Gans and they have all sorts of
spyware to dismantle any grassroots
movement so how do you how do you
respect people we know we know nothing
to fight with with but their voices how
do you how do these people get
themselves across to these governments
and that's the problem that is what
we're seeing happening in the Congo
right now repressing the population
that's what we're seen in Ethiopia
that's what we've seen in Togo that's
what we've seen in the average kills and
all these African countries mm-hmm miss
Rosa it seems that we're having two
issues here basically which are putting
the human rights activists all over the
world and agencies like human rights was
a very difficult time the world leader
the United States of America is run by a
president who has been accused of
spreading a new culture against
immigrants in his own country but also
is spreading worldwide at the same time
this this talk about where to start the
reform within organizations like the
United Nations so which one do you think
should be tackled immediately I think
very tricky question and we're very
troubling times because on the one hand
we have leadership in the United States
where we have always expected a culture
that promotes human rights that is
retracting on human rights we have some
countries of the members of the European
Union who are again retracting going
back to borders going against human
rights and we also have countries like
China which let's be clear a very public
that they don't believe in human rights
that they would like to take human
rights off the table all together and so
this is sort of critical massive states
for different reasons who are anti human
rights what we need are the Latin
American states many of the European
states some of the African state who
really believe passionately and strongly
in human rights to come together and to
find ways of lobbying for effective
change finding finding mechanisms
together that suit all of their needs
and ideologies and in some ways this
ties back to both what John was saying
earlier and to the gentleman from
African lives matter about empowering
human rights defenders on the ground
someone like Asma Jahangir who was a
Special Rapporteur on Iran was a human
rights defender he was absolutely
brilliant in Pakistan on national laws
and then later on international human
rights laws what we need are ways of
empowering more as Mojang is the next
generation of voices who understand how
to use the Human Rights system at the UN
and at regional levels to lobby for
effective change to protect and promote
human rights and we need to do that in
order that member states don't feel that
they can with impunity simply crack down
on those given rights defenders at the
national level mr. Fisher I mean do you
think that building momentum towards
removing countries from the Human Rights
Council for example could be productive
in the near future because some of the
nations have been widely accused of
committing atrocities like in places
like in Yemen for example but then
nothing has been done to address this
issue
yes exactly there are standards that are
supposed to apply to human rights
council membership the standards didn't
set out very clearly by the General
Assembly there is an expectation that
Member States will uphold the highest
standards of human rights and cooperate
with the councilman's mechanisms all too
often though those standards aren't on
it or our fragrantly plate
you violated we have seen that when
there are competitive elections in New
York that sometimes the rights violators
don't get elected so for example Russia
Iran on a competitive slate at the same
time that it was responsible for
atrocities in Syria and it came in
bottom of its of its voting pool and was
not elected to the Human Rights Council
other states like Egypt and Saudi Arabia
received the fewest votes within their
regional groups but because it was not a
competitive election they're only as
many candidates the seeds they got
elected anyway so I do fully agree that
there should be consequences for
violation of the membership standards
and there should be increased intent I
think to the human race absolutely our
elected to the council so that they
asked for it to increased scrutiny to
during the time on the body that may be
a disincentive to rights violators to
seek membership Janome do you see the
possibility for human rights abuses in
Africa to be persecuted prosecuted in
the near future singled out by the
international community more isolated or
do you think this is this might take
quite some time it's probably gonna take
quite some time I'll probably never
happen as long as a lot of these regimes
are I mean one thing we we have to
address is the guns are know made in
Africa the the tools our spy tools the
African governments use to repress their
populations are not made in Africa
they're brought in from either China or
from the West
so we need to address the sources of the
problem but the people aid in these
African governments to repress at their
populations so that needs to be
addressed first before we start talking
about actually dealing with the Africans
repressed and their people on the ground
so we need to have a mechanism where we
know where who is selling what to WHO in
Africa and then we can deal and
follow-up from there because I mean as
as things down right now these African
governments they have a free round they
can do whatever they want and to be
honest no one no one chases them I see
these international organizations have
to they have to make
easy for the Africans on the ground - I
see - bring cases against these African
dictators against murderous miss emit
miss Rosa I mean I guess this background
what do we need now see more conferences
meetings gathering like we've been
seeing at all these organizations or see
activists humor whites people sent to
the field because ultimately these are
the people who could potentially raise
international awareness about those who
commit atrocities we shouldn't
underestimate the power of these UN
conferences UN sessions of the
visibility people watching them on the
webcast NGOs coming to Geneva being able
to run side events activists being able
to speak within the council chamber we
efficient underestimate the importance
that Member States place on these
meetings because there is visibility
there is naming and shaming they feel
very much under scrutiny of course these
meetings on their own cannot do
everything just like human rights
defenders across the world on their own
can't do everything what we need to do
is have a much more global and joined up
thinking on this not just rely on those
NGOs that are based in Geneva or in New
York with lots of access but go out on
the ground and work with local NGOs
empower them bring them into Geneva into
Universal Periodic Review sessions into
the Human Rights Council we need to
ensure that countries like China know
that if they lock up political
dissidents if they block them from come
to the Human Rights Council has happened
with a woman who unfortunately died on
horrendous Human Rights Council one in
detention that they will be named and
shamed for it that there will be
scrutiny thank you those kind of abuses
thank you thank you very much indeed we
didn't have time to talk more about
other human rights abuse of oh
definitely have the opportunity in the
near future
Rosa Friedman Kofi de l'eau me John
Fisher thank you very much indeed for
your contribution to the program and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside sorry you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story for me Hashima whole bar
and the whole team here
for now
you
