it was meant to be a celebration the
70th anniversary of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights but the
shadow of conflict was casting a mood of
pessimism across the palace of nations
as the UN Human Rights Council began its
opening session this week in Geneva
today oppression is fashionable again
the security state is back and
fundamental freedoms are in retreat in
every region of the world and nowhere
more so than in Syria still no ceasefire
the bombing the killing and the maiming
have not stopped in eastern guter
although the government says it's
responding to rebel shelling on the
capital of Damascus it is important for
the United Nations to step up to the
plate and also meet those challenges
outside the chamber men who know all
about challenges Syrian members of the
white helmet rescue teams talking to a
colleague inside Eastern goota we do not
need assistance or heed
we need a ceasefire and a stop to the
bloodshed and massacres being committed
against civilians women and children
against goota average the stage of
emotional meltdown but the only thing
that continues to give us a strength is
a smile that we see on a child's face or
words of blessing from a father or
mother the reinjure crisis of Myanmar
has been described by the UN as a
textbook example of ethnic cleansing and
the fastest-growing refugee crisis in
the world 700,000 mostly Muslim Renea
have fled into neighboring Bangladesh
the country's army launched a campaign
of murder and rape to drive them from
their villages but that's not how the
minister from Myanmar described it in
Geneva in the fight against terrorists
who used civilian recruits there will
always be violence collateral damage and
civilian casualties Britain's Minister
of State at the Foreign Office beg to
differ
and as I put to the minister just
now I said what is the first duty of any
responsible government it is the
security of all your citizens and from a
mindmap perspective that means
irrespective of who they are what
community they belong to and yes that
means protecting the rights and the
civil rights at the human rights of the
range of Muslim community many political
observers might also have taken issue
with both the tone and content of the
speech by Egypt's foreign minister to
the Human Rights Council
Sameh Shoukry boasted Egypt created in
record time a modern constitution in
line with international standards to
preserve human rights and fundamental
freedoms but when Egyptians go to vote
in presidential elections in March they
won't have much of a choice on the
ballot any real challenger to president
Abdul Fattah el-sisi has either been
arrested or forced to drop out Human
Rights Watch says the crackdown is a
violation of the same Constitution their
foreign minister was so eager to
highlight and of course Al Jazeera's
journalist matmata Sain has now been
held in an Egyptian prison for 14 months
and has still not been formally charged
Egypt Myanmar Syria three prime examples
of how a government side of the story
often stands in stark contrast to what
is actually happening on the ground
David cheetah al Jazeera Geneva
