landslides have become Indonesia's most
common natural disaster killing more
people in a year than earthquakes floods
or tsunamis On February 22 a group of
farmers was buried while working at
their rice fields when a hill collapsed
on top of them the danger looms mostly
in densely populated mountainous areas
like Banja Negara in Central Java here
70% of the land is prone to landslides
putting 1 million people in immediate
danger early in January 51 houses were
destroyed and villages were cut off
after the land collapsed everyone
managed to escape in time
sleeo Hanna and her husband ran out of
the house when huge cracks started to
appear it was raining and we were all
sitting together at 7:00 in the evening
suddenly the electricity went off and
there was a rumbling noise everyone ran
outside and we felt the land was moving
electricity poles had fallen down
so I ran as fast as I could with my two
sleeping kids not only did she lose her
house she also lost her chicken from
four years ago landslides were still
rare in bangarra but in the past two
month they have been 59 it started in
2014 and more than 120 people died when
a landslide buried a small village
logging intense agriculture and a
rapidly growing population are seen as
the main causes tini why do we see more
landslides and floods it's an
accumulation of an environmental
destruction of riverbed deforestation
and that's been happening for decades
while measurements show soil in banja
negara is still unstable and more
landslides could happen locals have
started to clear the road millions of
people in Indonesia are living on a
ticking time bomb every rain shower
could cause another disaster destroying
lives property and livelihoods while
experts urge people here in this
mountainous region to relocate many
don't want to leave the government so
far has only relocated people who have
lost their houses
but land is getting scarce and many
don't want to live far away from their
plantations and farms those who insist
on building new houses inside dangerous
areas can still do so they are simply
told to watch out and look for cracks
and other signs showing that a landslide
is about to happen reality does not
deceive me at the double pin does more
the reality is we cannot evacuate
everyone these people have their lives
and livelihoods here they have their
plantations we always tell them to be
more careful trying to prevent more
casualties an early warning system has
been put in place
the district chief has urged the
government to help replant the area as
soon as possible using trees with strong
roots that can keep soil together if
this is not done quickly he worries a
much bigger disaster could happen
sometime soon step fasten al-jazeera
Pangea Negara
