it's as if Donald Trump's large defeat
in the Texas Republican primary election
two years ago never happened most
Republicans here now apparently love him
he is close to greatness as he probably
will be from the Lone Star State a
special special place thank you very
much for being here this is some record
crowd 16,000 supporters filled the
Houston arena some having waited
overnight to get in Trump was the main
draw they say even though the rally was
to support the re-election of Republican
senator Ted Cruz Cruz was the man who
trounced Trump in 2016 winning the
presidential primary in Texas by 17
points they can work well together in
this
awesome now Texas Republicans are
looking ahead at the mounting challenge
posed by Democrats trying to win
majorities in Congress long lines of
early voters turned up at polls in
liberal-leaning parts of the state
Monday voicing support for Cruz's
challenger Democrat bicha O'Rourke in
decades to drive home Republican support
in this forest
turn to the emotive issue of immigration
people are seeing how bad it is how
pathetic it is how bad our laws are they
made a big mistake so as the caravan and
look that is an assault on our country
that's in the soil and in that Caravan
you have some very bad people you have
some very bad people and we can't let
that happen to our country here you have
this caravan of people that are coming
here to violate our laws you know with
the intention to do that so I think that
honestly his response to that is
adequate polls show that even before the
immigration issue came to the fore Cruz
fled o'rourke by a sizable margin
Trump's rally is meant as a push to keep
Cruz out of danger and for a president
who revels being surrounded by his
red-blooded supporters an ego boost from
this Republican red state
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera Houston
Texas
