I am for me okay and you're in the
stream over the last few decades
thousands of citizens from Micronesian
countries have settled legally in the US
and especially Hawaii but many say they
have faced ill treatment in their new
homeland
I'm Malika Bilal today we'll discuss the
experiences people are sharing online
under the hashtag being Micronesian send
us your questions in your comments via
Twitter and our YouTube chat
my name is Lee Francis the fourth I am
the CEO and founder of the indigenous
comic-con and you are in the stream
Hawaii's reputation is best summed up by
its popular greeting Aloha a word
meaning love or compassion yet many
Micronesians living there has suffered
racism and discrimination that sparked a
wide-ranging online discussion about
what it means to be Micronesia and in
the United States
Malika thanks for me most of the online
vitriol is directed at people who came
to Hawaii from Palau the Marshall
Islands and the Federated States of
Micronesia now citizens of these
countries can live in the u.s. under an
association agreement the online
conversation over the treatment of micro
Nations in Hawaii was started by a Palau
and podcaster and activist under the
hashtag being Micronesian she showed
examples of racism and discrimination
sha galangal says being Micronesian
means watching a steady stream of hate
such as being compared to cockroaches in
one example a twitter user calls
Micronesians stupid lazy promiscuous
unreliable and entitled victor is among
those from Micronesia who responded to
the hashtag he says he used to live on
the US East Coast and that people there
didn't even know Micronesia exists when
he moved to Hawaii he thought he would
be welcomed as a fellow Pacific Islander
but instead he found being Micronesian
in Hawaii means people hate something
about you without knowing you as the
hashtag grew wider attention Anita
Hofschneider at Honolulu Civil Beat
wrote an article about the Twitter
conversation she followed up with an
essay on why talking about anti
Micronesian hate is important but while
she receives strong
port for the articles some people's
attitudes are hard to change anita
tweets one reader who said her
Micronesian neighbors are filthy
uneducated and disease-ridden and that
they're taking over Hawaii I mean
there's so much to talk about shall on
go along go who study the B Micronesian
hashtag joins us from Honolulu also in
Honolulu we have Anita Hofschneider
she's a journalist on Civil Beat that's
an online news site and she wrote those
articles that we mentioned earlier that
gathered so much attention in Hawaii and
beyond and in Portland Oregon we have
caffeine jet no kitchner she is a
marshalese poet artist and activist and
she also co-founded a nonprofit
dedicated to finding solutions to
climate change and other environmental
issues threatening the Marshall Islands
ladies it's good to have you here
showers we were doing that first little
Chunkin Mallika was in that first little
trunk your face was just changing in
terms of passion and steam coming out of
your head I could I could feel it but
this idea of Micronesians going to the
US and particularly inter ha ye why
would they go in the first place shop
because of the compact of free
association which at least for Palau we
became a sovereign nation in 1994 but in
free association it gave the people of
flower the ability to come to the United
States we don't have to necessarily get
these like retards really work on work
pieces it was just we can come to the
United States we can work we can attend
school and the same kind of in other
Micronesia countries shows and Hawaii is
a obvious place to go because it's kind
of in between but you're not quite as
big as the United States but sure so it
was open open to Micronesians to go to
Hawaii to go to the rest of the US but
why would they want to the invitation
was there but why the pursuit of higher
education and the better medical care
just the opportunity to do better I know
if Lao minimum wage would be they don't
they have a college for Community
College
but only recently did they start I think
being able to pursue graduate degrees
and I can't even doctorates but it's
online education and then in terms of
medical care we just don't have that
kind of health care in Palau so being
able to come to Hawaii is really a lot
about the TV I hear what you're saying
there and I think that this member of
our community would agree this is Angela
who says I'm tomorrow which is a member
of an indigenous community from the
Mariana Islands there are now about as
many tomorrow's living in Hawaii and the
US mainland as they are living in Guam
and the Northern Mariana Islands and in
a few years did I asked for it will be
larger he goes on to say those of us in
the u.s. I'm in Washington DC are trying
to make a living as well as we know how
and we want to have our kids do well
just like everyone else
living in this country so Anita for some
of our audience who are not completely
clear on why people might leave these
islands is Shaw was explaining there and
Angelo does here as well what do you
hear from people you talk to
sure well there are lots of reasons why
people would leave one of them is job
opportunities and that's one of the
ironies of the discrimination against
Micronesians in Hawaii there's this
perception that they don't want to work
that they're lazy and the reality is
while I'm sure there's some people who
are lazy there's also many many people
who are hardworking and who are you know
trying to just come to the US because
this is a good place for opportunities
for example I spoke with one true Keyes
woman who is a housekeeper in Waikiki
and she was saying that she came to
Hawaii because there were no jobs in
shook and she really just wanted to earn
money to support her family and so I
think you can't emphasize enough the
types of job opportunities that are here
and you know the person on Twitter
Angela Villagomez he is tomorrow just
like me and I'm tomorrow from Saipan and
I came to the u.s. for education and for
jobs and so it's all very similar and
one thing that is the difference is if
you are tomorrow from Guam or the
Northern Mariana Islands you are a US
citizen so no one really questions my
ability to be here or my right to be
here and nobody
calculates how much I'm using in terms
of social services but it's very
different for people from Micronesia
Islands that chose to maintain their
sovereignty and be in free association
with the US and so the reception you get
here is very different Kathy I want to
show you a tweet that's from the being
Micronesian hashtag let me share this
with you Shaun spun Dyke says I swear
Micronesians have more drama than any
other race these people always get drunk
start fights with their families and
anyone just walking around I'm so over
this where does that attitude come from
I'm not sure what that hurts who comes
from I mean I think that there's
definitely an issue of alcoholism within
some of our community members but if
there's an issue of alcoholism with
other communities as well and I think it
just has to do with being the latest
wave of immigrants to Hawaii or at least
that's what it looks like because
actually there is documented records of
Micronesians coming into Hawaii during
that plantation era but where the latest
some immigrants now and so there's this
misunderstanding between our communities
of why are they here where are they
coming from and then I think at a state
level it's contributing to that kind of
hatred because there's all of these you
know news reports coming out saying you
know Micronesians are benefiting off of
the stage and they're costing us this
amount of money and then that trickles
down so personal interactions and
conversations like and perspectives like
the one that was just you know that you
just read from that tweet yeah I want to
share another one this it's also hard to
hear it hard to read this person tweets
in that he remembers feeling that
discrimination during high school his
freshman year in Hawaii he says it
changed something in me after hearing
local peers cracking jokes about
Micronesians being ugly having too many
kids referring to them as cockroaches I
never again referred to myself as
Micronesian in front of anyone who
wasn't he goes on to say though that
that's changed for him and this hashtag
it's helped he says I used to tell
people I'm plowin to avoid all the
Micronesian stigma but I am a
Micronesian too and I will stand with
anyone who identifies as such you corner
a roach will true will chew through you
so defiant their hashtag being
Micronesian but Shah as I read that I
could see you kind of shaking your head
there what is this done for younger
generations of people who hear things
like you are a cockroach you do not
belong here you are a leech on society I
actually had this I had a different
experience from a lot of I was born and
raised in Oregon and so I grew up in a
place where I knew my community I knew
the Micronesians there no one really
thought anything of it and then I came
to Hawaii for college and as an eighteen
year old I discovered this and so I
learned right away and my classmates and
I've seen it with younger clowns when
you when you're asked door you're from
be very specific my cousin's pulled me
when I applied for a job tell them
you're from Oregon if they press it's a
York allowing but whatever you do don't
say or Micronesia because they won't
hire you so anything you don't have this
experience of being out to hear the
prejudice without people realizing that
the people they're being rude about the
person they're talking to so this idea
of looking Micronesian first of all I
need to tell me what looking Micra knees
in even means
what is that nook wrong I actually don't
know what looking Micronesian means I
mean these are islands that have long
histories of colonisation and so for
example my last name's hot Schneider so
I'm part German but I that was many
generations ago and so I think a lot of
people in the islands have similar
experiences of having some you know a
German last name or some European
connection and so everybody not
everybody but a lot of people tend to
look mixed and so what I take when
people say to me you know you don't look
Micronesia or you're too pretty to be
Micronesia in some kind of
discrimination against people who are
darker skin than me and and and that's
also just this really indicative of the
way that discrimination against
micronations is so socially acceptable
in Hawaii that people feel comfortable
that they can say that to you to your
face
it's it's really it was really quite
astounding when I moved here Wow so you
don't even have to eavesdrop a little
bit because I know sure you've heard
conversations you've been in
conversations where people don't realize
that you are Micronesian correct yeah
tell us about one yeah tell us what one
that really stands out I was I was just
standing around with acquaintances on a
lunch break and one of their friends had
come up and began just talking about his
weekend and he just went off like these
Micronesians were doing this and my
neighbor's and they're such trash and I
stopped the conversation to say hi I'm
Micronesian and because we were in an
area where there's all cafes and
eateries around us the first thing he
said was Oh which restaurant do you work
in Oh
because there's this this stereotype
here that if you're Micronesian you work
washing dishes sweeping floors
janitorial um food service and I had to
point out that I was a gap I I was the
gallery director of the art gallery
we're standing next to and he didn't
believe it until he watched me unlock
the door I liked the point that you're
bringing up there because I think what
I'm hearing from people online is that
many people as you said don't believe
that Micronesians are contributing to
society enough so this is a comment we
just got live on YouTube from deihi who
says we work and pay taxes into the
system while still often being forbidden
from using services people continue to
discriminate and the only logical
explanation is xenophobia
but it's that part about talking about
using services and paying into the
system that I want to focus on because
we heard from a doctor in Hawaii who
talks about why this matters for
people's day-to-day lives he wrote this
piece for Honolulu Civil Beat how an
Oahu doctor struggles to care for his
Micronesian patients and here is what he
told the stream in 2008 with the Great
Recession the state of Hawaii in an
attempt to save money removed compact
migrants from Medicaid rolls a legal
battle ensued and their participation
was reinstated but they were finally
kicked off of medic
in 2015 this has made it very difficult
for me as a family physician to take
care of them Nina can you explain a bit
and what that hardship looks like for
people sure I'm you know one thing
that's important to know is that in
before 1996 copa migrants were eligible
for all federal public benefits that
other immigrants were eligible but this
change in the 1996 welfare reform act
and that shifted the burden for covering
health care for low-income people who
are happened to be Coppa immigrants to
the states and so you know as dr. Yamata
pointed out Hawaii has kind of bulked
from this responsibility around the time
of the recession they actually shifted
Coppa migrants to a different type of
insurance plan that many people in the
community say actually they'll cause
people to leave the islands and just go
home because they didn't want to stay in
Hawaii if they weren't able to get that
care and you know that with the
implication that if you go home you'll
pass away because there's not enough
care there or they think that helped
complicate people's illnesses because
they weren't able to get the care that
they need in so this you know it's very
complicated and it's changed over time
but now the state provides subsidies for
people who are getting on Obama care but
the process is is definitely convoluted
it's it's not very straight for it and
it's it's difficult for people and so
it's so it's one of the examples of
institutional barriers that people face
so it's not just hate speech it's also
for example you have to renew your
license every year in Hawaii if you are
a co from migrant instead of having five
years the way that I do or the way
somebody with a US passport would you
also until recently you couldn't serve
on boards or commissions and that
changed last year and a trapeze man
joined the Civil Rights Commission but
there are just a myriad ways in which
institutionally there are barriers if
you are a co for migrant here Kathy what
occurs to me is in this situation where
there's prejudice and people are really
annoyed in Hawaii Americans really
annoyed with Micronesians being in
Hawaii that there's some base
knowledge that has gone missing that
they don't understand that there was a
deal between the US and some Micronesian
ions for their people to be out to come
to the states and receive benefits
because meanwhile back in their home
there are nuclear experiments going on
and using it as military bases etc so
it's a deal let me give you one example
here this is how Joe Leon and I'm just
gonna go a little further down into his
comment here and he says a hundred
percent of low-income housing
Micronesians and how I allows this when
they should not Hawaii waste billions
and Micronesians that don't put a dime
into the system meanwhile US citizens
military veterans are still homeless so
this person obviously doesn't know about
the deal how do you change that Kathy
because this is an education process
because this is obviously wrong i I
think that there's a lot of ways to
change that I think that conversations
like these that began from this Twitter
hashtag you know that that shot began
that's actually a really great way to
get that conversation going you know and
then also the way that I personally
changed these kinds of these kinds of
perspectives is I or I try to is through
poetry and so one of the first poems I
actually ever wrote and put up on
YouTube is lessons from Hawaii which
came from which was inspired by myself
my experience of growing up in Hawaii
and experiencing racism as a Micronesian
you know and so I really think it's just
conversations at this point you know and
and getting more of our community
community in Hawaii aware of these links
because nuclear testing was conducted in
the Marshall Islands after World War two
they've literally incinerated or wanted
like more than a few of our islands and
one of them beginning at Sawle is still
so contaminated we can't return so
that's a big contributing factor yeah
Kathy it feels like a good point to
actually play a little bit of your
poetry a little bit of your work there's
also activism at the same time this is a
poem called undaunted have a listen
everybody you're a whole Island once
you were bright fruit trees heavy with
green globes of fruits
whispering promises of massive canoes
crabs dusted with white sand scuttled
through pandanus roots then you became
testing ground 9 nuclear weapons
consumed you one by one by one engulfed
in an inferno of blazing heat you became
crater an empty belly
puffy did you work change people's minds
do you feel that you're you're having an
impact with your poetry that you're
doing um I think so
I'd like to think so I think that well
the way that that's them have been
demonstrated to me in the past is I've
performed these poems to audience
members that included people who who
knew Micronesians but weren't
Micronesians and they actually came up
to me afterwards and said thank you for
sharing that poem about your experience
of racism in Hawaii I didn't think that
really existed you know I didn't know
that that was happening or I felt that
way too and you know now I see how
that's wrong so I've actually had quite
a few people come up to me to discuss
that with me and so in that way I think
it can contribute at least in a small
way yeah and it's not only the shared
poetry being kind of bridge for
communities that I'm hearing from online
but it's also shared history and shared
language and people want to remind
others about this is oatmeal's revenge
that's the handle on Twitter I went to
in all Hawaiian high school and her ex
dresses and looks like a Micronesian or
worse uses an insult like every week
Hawaii locals including Native Hawaiians
all have a responsibility to say
something about it when our friends and
families perpetrate this racism so I
want to share with you a comment from
someone who is doing just that this is
Adam who wrote a fairly long post on
Facebook about the similarities between
Polynesians and Micronesians and he sent
us a video comment that I want to share
with you have listened to this people
think that the Micronesians are
different from us Hawaiians that is not
true we are related by our languages
and by the same ocean we share the same
ongoing colonial legacies the same land
issues and the same issues and
self-determination and climate change as
a clock a bode considering how long
Micronesians actually have been in
Hawaii how they have helped us we clean
our own maritime identity and the fact
that they are our cousin Pacific
Islanders the hatred directed toward
them is nothing short on Hawaii Shawn
what do you think when you hear messages
like that especially because it's adding
them I loved Adams though that's it's I
think for all the hate that went into
creating the thread the greatest part of
it is how many people have come out as
as allies as supporters as people who
are standing with us in solidarity
whether they're Hawaiians summer and we
have people who contacted us from
Germany Brazil it's just I think that's
been the most amazing part of this and I
always wanted to point out that yes
there were a lot of Native Hawaiians who
had made these comments however in the
Grand Lake scheme of things there have
been more Native Hawaiians who have come
out and support then not and I still met
more wonderful people here than I and
otherwise and so I think it's it's
heartwarming and it gives me hope that
yes this is generally how systems of
oppression working one group will always
kind of put down their group but at the
same time maybe we can ship that
starting so I'm just thinking because
this compact is still between the u.s.
and and some Micronesian states that
it's it's a it's about funding it's a we
give you this you get that it expires in
2023 I'm just wondering it's not a
perfect deal right now other talks
negotiations about how you have a better
relationship if Micronesians are being
invited into the u.s. how does that how
you have a good relationship when that
happens I tend to run along the rabble
rouser and when it comes only because my
personal area of interest is studying
the contact and what and so one of the
things that I've tried teaching people
since that since the thread and even
before that was the contact was never
necessarily creative as the way to
benefit us as Micronesians it was
created as a way for the United States
to hold on to these islands for military
purposes
aha and so in the 60s which is when the
Solomon report came out the Solomon
report was commissioned by President
Kennedy and that came right after the
United Nations had issued resolution
which was saying that colonized lands
needed to be returning to the indigenous
people well this was how they worked
around it they couldn't keep us as
colonies but they could convince us that
free association was the best way to go
so that we could keep receiving funds
and they it's been interesting to see
what happens in 2023 it's not that far
away it's really not yeah that will tell
you where the mindset of the Micronesian
States is do they need an America money
are they okay about going forward
without it or will it be renewed and
we'll have another show like this sure
Anita
Kathy thank you so much for bringing
your insight into our show and sharing
with us the prejudice that happens in
some parts of America and Hawaii with
people from Micronesia Malika I am going
to share one other date with our
audience here this is from Mary Perez
who shares Wednesday October 17th 2018
the committee that's Hawaii Advisory
Committee to the u.s. Commission on
civil rights will hear testimony and
first-hand accounts of discrimination
against Kofa immigrants and Hawaii
she says though uses a noun hearing
implies active listening these hearings
are a venue for voices of marginalized
Micronesians to be heard and a chance
for others to hear truth in the land of
Aloha and the country of the free and
the brave the truth of
my nation is real alright so that's all
for today but be sure to keep your
comments coming and you can use Twitter
YouTube and adizero calm /the stream
leaked and I will always see you online
bye bye for now
