automated connected pepper is popular he
can dance and change color but he isn't
solving any real-world problems and
that's where the focus is at this year's
Mobile World Congress so this device is
used to the visually impaired and blind
people the Internet of Things or IOT is
a network of devices connected to the
Internet that talk to each other they
gather information analyze it and act on
it and the possibilities are endless
already in use in Tennessee of fog
sensors which detect weather changes and
slow down traffic when visibility is
poor also in the market the smart work
boot which can send and receive messages
to alert of danger this is a hollow
portal an IOT device still in
development it's created a holographic
version of me which could potentially
travel to different countries or meet
others in the virtual realm so it has
potential in education entertainment and
social care all industries are now
looking at how connected technologies
can improve business and analysts are
calling it the fourth Industrial
Revolution telecoms company AT&T are
designing IOT solutions to urban issues
it ranges from smart parking smart
electrical lights to surveillance
solutions that cities need each see each
city's needs are different based on what
their population is like where they are
located and then there is the connected
home by 2022 it's estimated there will
be 500 smart devices in the average
family home dishwashers TVs even smart
mirrors but there is a concern that
technology is running ahead of itself
and security is suffering the threat is
real
barely a week goes by
that we don't hear some type of
cybersecurity attack so I think one of
the area's the manufacturers and service
providers need to take a lot more care
over is the small home devices actually
analysts predict that soon most everyday
devices will be connected one way or
another and managed by a smartphone app
it will be almost unavoidable just don't
lose your phone charlie Angela
al-jazeera Barcelona
