well heads we the democratically elected
leaders of our people hereby declare
Kosovo an independent state
in their country's history they've
waited such a long time for this and now
with independence achieved the long road
towards nation-building has just begun
with a weak economy a very fragile
political system and an angry serve
minority we ask what will the future
hold for this new country on this day of
independence
America is welcome here for
american-made
Kosovo's haven't forgotten how the
world's superpower along with its
European allies came to their aid in
their hour of need those same old
friends America Britain and France are
now competing to be the first to
recognize Kosovo's new status
the essential processes for United
Kingdom's recognition of Kosovo as an
independent state under international
supervision have now been completed I'd
like to say that this is truly a
historic time for Kosovo and all who
live here
I send my warmest congratulations mr.
president the conveyor belt of
diplomatic recognition is the hottest
game in town
well of course the quenelle of Kosovo
come on eat up and ibadan is to the all
scrambling to share in these
celebrations with the people of Kosovo
we have been waiting for this for so
long and it's nice to breathe fresh air
and to breathe freely everybody
celebrating man you know all the people
who wanted to be free since a long long
time
now are freed but in the Serb dominated
North the mood is very different
thousands of angry Serbs demonstrated
against Kosovo's Declaration of
Independence chanting this is Serbia and
down with America carrying banners
reading Russia help and they've been
burning border posts
I think they're confused it's like a
mixture of anger and fear they don't
want to accept this reality this is
something completely new for them
especially majority of them are living
during meals which area where they were
you could say kind of rulers of our
Albanian majority and and they just
don't want to accept and they're also
ready to listen to return to our
Belgrade and Belgrade he talks about
returning Casa which is we all know
really nonsense in this moment I don't
think anything will be better I just
think it's gonna be worse in 1999 the
Serbian army and malicious forcibly
expelled over 1 million ethnic Albanians
from the country mass graves are still
being discovered to this day twelve
thousand were killed in ethnic genocide
two thousand are still missing
ethnic Albanians make up the majority of
the population they were made to flee
their homes at the hands of the Serb
minority an emotive chapter in this
history happened right here ten years
ago when the Serb army killed Adam
ashari who is the founding member of the
Kosovo Liberation Army the KLA they
killed him along with 57 members of his
family now as you can see from the
building behind me
his family were able to hold off the
army for something like two days but
ultimately they all died the house now
has become a shrine for the Kosovan
people to always remember this moment in
their history for the Serbs addameer
Sherri's crime was daring to stand up to
their aggression and also to stop it and
Milosevic his dream of a greater Serbia
and this dream was declared in Kosovo
itself by Milosevic and his now infamous
1987 speech he vouched that he would do
anything to protect every Serb
everywhere this is seen as the official
starting point of the breakup of the
former Yugoslavia
and now that independence has been
declared here in Kosovo the country's
tragic past of resistance has taken on
greater poignancy and significance our
family is celebrating like the rest of
Kosovo we are conscious that the
sacrifice was and let their deaths were
not in way but rather brought freedom to
our country it's because of their
sacrifice that the remaining family
members and the rest of our billions are
free today
finally we're descendants will be free
to work and live without fear of
genocide or cry funa funa finally for my
son and all the others who gave their
lives come when the blood they shed it
has certainly cost us a lot it took
seven to eight days of NATO bombing to
drive the Serb military out of Kosovo
and since 1999 the country has been
under the administration of the UN
mission in Kosovo called on mecca omics
record here has been very mixed nine
years since liberation from Slobodan the
hardship of living in a wrecked post-war
society is still ever so present the
long-awaited economic recovery never
happened we have the lowest economic
growth in the region we have probably
the highest poverty numbers and with
Bosnia we have the highest unemployment
numbers Tasha Ramallah the unemployment
rate is very high more than 40 percent
are unemployed nearly 40% of the
population still live below the poverty
line this might not be obvious to the
naked eye but this country is poor
this country is rich in one thing
minerals it has the third largest coal
deposit in Europe meaning it could make
a lot of money and build a thriving
industry out of exporting electricity
but it first needs to attract investment
independence provides certainty to
investors in the past when you decided
to invest in coal you did not know
what's gonna happen tomorrow it was a
protectorate it was status that was not
long-term everyone is talking this is in
the short-term this is an intermediate
solution so if you're an investor if you
don't know what's gonna happen tomorrow
you're definitely not going to invest in
this place to provide security and
guidance the new Kosovan government will
be aided by an EU mission called EU X
this was proposed by the UN Special
Envoy Martti Ahtisaari this mission will
oversee the root and branch
transformation of the country a mission
not welcomed by many this country now
has all the symbols of statehood a new
flag and national anthem and a
constitution and it has the world's
media to record it but have the power to
shape its own destiny well this is power
lie elsewhere when the EU mission takes
over who'll be in charge you or them the
new international mission is here to
implement the democratic standards set
by the artists or a plan as well as
serving as an advisory mission we will
fully cooperate with the mission and we
will govern Kosovo how comfortable are
you to give so much power to a body that
is ultimately unaccountable to the
people of Kosovo the success of Kosovo
is a mutual success the authority of the
cost of an institution is legitimate the
new international mission has been
invited here and welcomed by the Kosovo
and institution and its people NATO will
remain in Kosovo so everything is going
according to the plan
we've been saying for the last eight
years that our government does not have
capacity now if you want to learn how to
ride a bike you have to let it go we
might fall but then we're going to learn
how to ride if you have six people
holding the bike and you don't see the
bike so that's the point we have to
start from somewhere we don't have the
capacities that Western European
countries do but I think we have similar
capacities to many countries around the
world and I think that it's a learning
process for us it's a learning process
for the EU this is the first time they
were doing such a thing I think we're
going to be in this together but they
have to learn they have to let us write
our own bike the world's 190 third
nation has a grief-stricken past but
it's joy over independence is unconfined
it's a big test for the EU to prove it
has the skills to start a country from
scratch the lines of authority here are
blurred in this supervised independence
and all the symbols of this new nation
seem to reflect this the EU theme ode to
joy' was chosen or imposed the flag is a
compromise clearly noted by the Kosovars
they still prefer their own flag so
who's really in charge and conducting
this new ball nation will remain at
least in the short term unclear
