Saudi Arabia's military might on display
sake generals have been leading a
coalition of forces attacking the
Houthis in Yemen for nearly three years
Iranian backed rebels who opposed the
internationally recognized government of
president Abdul Rahman's or Hadi remain
in control of large areas of the country
and the Saudi armed forces have been
internationally criticized for killing
thousands of Yemenis while causing
widespread destruction and achieving
little King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-saud
has announced a reshuffle of the Army's
chief of staff and the heads of ground
and air defense forces the water in
Yemen there is a serious failure when it
comes to the Saudi Arabia that is
growing the criticism from international
community and and there is a serious
pressure that Saudi Arabia should stop
it should stop what they are doing now
and change course if it's if this is
needed and I think Saudi Arabia is
trying now to open up to the
international community by trying to
open up airports and and ports for
support food or medical support so they
can reduce the pressure on on the Saudi
Arabia government and Alliance the most
notable dismissal was the military chief
of staff General Abdul Rahman bin Saleh
Avignon is being sidelined to become a
royal court consultant his replacement
is the former commander of the Royal
Saudi Air Force general Fayed bin Hamad
Al Braley while the changes were
approved by King Salman analysts say
it's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
who's likely to have been the driving
force the shake-up followed Russia's
vetoing of a UN resolution which would
have criticised Iran for failing to
prevent weapons falling into the hands
of Houthi rebels in Yemen it's the first
time Russia has protected Iran in the
Security Council the 15-member Security
Council did however unanimously adopt a
Russian proposed resolution which
extends targeted sanctions on Iran
related to the war in Yemen Russia
doesn't like the outcome of certain
expert panel reports but just because
isn't like the messages doesn't mean it
can undermine everything
they say so we'll be urging our
colleagues for the good of the United
Nations system to vote in favor of a
resolution your checks does not reflect
everything in the panel of experts
reports there's no mention of UAE
torture cancers and not the same mention
of the bombardment by the Saudis and the
illegality of that in your resolution so
are texting on part of what the panel
back to the edge our text has the
support of the Council on that's all
matters thank you very much
whatever the case Saudi Arabia continues
to face international criticism for
airstrikes which have targeted markets
hospitals and other civilian areas aid
groups also blame a saudi-led blockade
for pushing millions of Yemenis to the
brink of famine in fiesta al Jazeera
