in a pre-dawn attack six mid-range
Iranian missiles cleared Iraqi airspace
to hit a target in eastern Syria nearly
600 kilometers away seven unmanned
drones then dropped bombs on the same
target Iran's Revolutionary Guard said
it was retaliation against those
responsible for last week's attack at a
military parade in Avaz in western Iran
gunmen killed at least 25 people many of
the members of the guard the response
with a show of such military force it
suggested there was a clear target but
Iran's leaders remain vague about the
exact identity of the Avaz attackers
if there was supposed to be a public
message the IRGC would have said so in
their statement but as it is anywhere in
the world any measures taken by a
military or politician carries some
messages maybe the obvious message is of
Iran's decisive will to conduct a
permanent unserious fight against
centers that produce train and equip
terrorism at different levels what the
IRGC forces did early this morning was
this will in one statement attributed to
Iran's Revolutionary Guard the target is
said to have been an ISIL base which it
says has u.s. backing state TV showed a
message painted on one of the missiles
death to America Israel and Saudi Arabia
there is little doubt who leaders intend
Ron really blamed but whether there is
some covert American action against Iran
or not the missile strike was as much
about political theater as it was about
a military response the security of the
Iranian nation is our redline and we
won't compromise on this issue
we took tough revenge against American
and Arab backed terrorist groups they
used bullets we responded with missiles
and leaders in Tehran say it's only the
beginning it could have gone differently
Iran could have conducted a ground
campaign in tandem with Syrian allies
but flying its own missiles through
Iraqi airspace to hit a target inside
Syria by itself is about sending a
message to everyone with a military
presence there
think twice before threatening Iran Zane
Basra via al Jazeera Tehran
