entering an exhibition of the future
over a hundred thousand people 6000 CEOs
and delegations from a hundred and
eighty governments here to see what new
products will transform our lives but
the most significant innovation is
invisible 5g a wireless network that
will enable self-driving cars virtual
reality and smart cities there's a path
of evolution through mobile telecoms and
you know we've gone through the first
generation second third fourth
generation so 4G is the fourth
generation of mobile telecoms 5g is
another generation but it's
fundamentally quite different to
everything we've seen so far for us 5g
will mean faster data transfer 10 times
faster than 4G 5g will mean we can
download a feature film onto our phone
in a second and stream virtual reality
applications
it'll also mean quicker response time 5g
will reduce the amount of time that
takes for data to be transferred which
could be especially important in
connected cars like this which might
have to break suddenly it will also mean
more devices the more reliable service
will mean millions of products could be
connected to the internet from cookers
to lighting systems one of those devices
could be this air taxi developed by
Huawei a passenger drone operated from a
control center that can travel over 15
kilometres we're still a few years away
from full 5g coverage here industry
leaders the united nations and
governments are trying to iron out
policy standards and regulation and 5g
compatible devices won't appear in shops
until 2025 G is progressing very well
we're standardizing the technology in
2018 at the end of this year and then
we're looking to roll out new networks
in 2019 the leading countries at the
moment are the U
the UAE and and South Korea it might be
revolutionary but it's also going to be
expensive three hundred billion dollars
to cover the United States is an
estimate by Barclays Bank the majority
of countries won't be able to afford 5g
widening the global digital divide
millions of people already don't have
reliable access to the Internet and as a
result then locked out of the digital
economy and jobs markets so while this
new wave of technology promises a better
future
it doesn't promise an equal future
charlie angela al jazeera Barcelona
