in the day since one of the worst school
shootings in US history the memorial to
those that lost their lives has grown as
parents and students arrived at the
school some carry flowers others simply
bow their heads classes will resume on
Wednesday but for many emotions are
still raw my daughter hasn't been back
since this happened and she wants to see
a friend and she wants to resume a
somewhat normal life which we know here
is never going to be the same but what
are we gonna do I mean she can't stay in
her house and do nothing something has
to be done in Florida's state capitol
others from Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School continue to campaign for a
change in gun laws these students have
become the voices for a movement now
sweeping the u.s. downhearted well most
importantly I feel angry angry that we
let this happen angry that we did not
solve this problem a long time ago and
angry that children are the ones pushing
and advocating for change and not our
elected officials and investigations now
been launched into the police's handling
of the shooting sheriff Scott Israel has
been accused of incompetence after his
department received warnings about the
alleged shooter Nicholas Cruz and a
deputy's resigned after it emerged he
stayed outside while the shooting took
place President Trump who's indicated he
may raise the minimum age for buying
assault rifles says he would have
handled it differently
I really believe I'd run in there even
if I didn't have a weapon and I think
most of the people in this room would
have done that too because I know most
of you but the way they performed was
was really a disgrace some of the USA's
biggest corporate sponsors are now
cutting ties with the National Rifle
Association as pressure for change grows
the organization says it's against
banning assault rifles or raising age
limits politics aside parkland is a
community that continues to mourn and
heal when classes resume on Wednesday it
will only be for part of the day the
building where 17 people died may be
demolished and turned into a memorial
but when students walk through these
gates it will be a traumatic experience
and a Gallacher aljazeera parkland
Florida
