Iraq has some of the world's largest
proven oil and gas reserves much of them
yet to be exploited because of years of
war this installation in Kirkuk is a
case in point nine billion barrels of
recoverable oil are believed to be
underground government forces dislodged
Kurdish fighters from here last October
now government leaders in Baghdad are
keen to boost production we have
endeavoured to reassess this failed and
boost production of this great reserve
we've reached an agreement with British
giant BP to carry out seismic survey
operations and studies to raise the
output capacity to as much as 750
thousand barrels per day when he signed
the deal bp's representative said if the
field is looked after it will be
prosperous for the whole country for
generations to come
and that's the problem for the Iraqi
government maintaining control of the
oil fields so as to release the revenue
they contain federal ministers say they
have defeated the threat from ISIL but
the group was blamed for killing two
policemen guarding oil fields last
weekend which matters because there is
so much natural wealth under the ground
surveys suggest Iraq has more than a
hundred and forty billion barrels of
proven oil reserves right now the whole
country produces just four point three
million barrels per day generating as
much as ninety percent of revenue for
the economy evacs
ability to export has improved a lot
compared to what we used to have before
ISIL in 2003 and 2004 we didn't produce
more than three and a half million
barrels a day however for the past two
years our production capacity has been
much larger this doesn't mean though
we're at full output now factors like
oil market conditions and OPEC cuts are
intervening with so much oil the market
for natural gas has been overlooked for
many years Iraq is estimated to have
more than three trillion cubic meters of
natural gas reserves with only a
fraction being exported here two
ministers are looking to raise revenue
this is the venue where for the next two
days delegates will be thrashing out the
major issues facing the Iraqi
oil and gas industry for the coming year
the question will be what sort of
progress what result this conference
will achieve Dominic Kane al Jazeera
Berlin
