accounts of violence and bloodshed
now victims share their stories with
three Nobel Peace Laureates Irish peace
activist Mairead Maguire is one of the
Peace Prize winners visiting her Hinton
refugee camps she's urging me on Mars
leader Aung San su Chi to visit some of
the country's most affected areas all
three laureates United for the same
cause Toa Col Carmen from Yemen an
Iranian Shireen Abadi also visited Cox's
Bazar they say Myanmar's government and
Suchi also a Nobel laureate must be held
accountable for what's happening to the
revenge' failing to do so they warn
could lead to prosecution for genocide
with almost 700,000 revenge' have fled
the country since the start of a
military crackdown six months ago
Myanmar's army says it's targeting
terrorists these Nobel laureates are
urging the UN Security Council and the
International Criminal Court to hold the
government accountable
Suchi has not yet publicly condemned the
violence Muhammad Amin so far we have
not only come to listen to the tragic
stories of these refugees we are above
all a loudspeaker for their voices to be
echoed throughout the world and to make
the world aware of their plight we urge
the international community and
governments to help end this crisis we
urge the UN Security Council to take
measures to bring Myanmar's government
to book we are the voice of the
oppressed reh√©n jure a call for
accountability and hoped that the call
of these Peace Laureates will be heard
beyond this community devastated by
violence Katya la posada Yan al-jazeera
