it's an issue that has divided Americans
for years the deferred action for
childhood arrivals or daca program was
put in place by President Barack Obama
it allows hundreds of thousands of young
immigrants brought to the US illegally
as children to live and work in the
United States Trump wanted to end it and
plan to start phasing out the program in
March
raising the threat of deportation for
many of the so-called dreamers but last
month two federal judges blocked that
saying it needs to go through the legal
system so the Trump administration tried
to bypass the federal appeals courts by
taking it to the country's highest court
on Monday the Supreme Court refused to
hear the case well it makes its way
through the appeals courts the
administration is appealing lower court
rulings to the Ninth Circuit the same
court that blocked the president's
controversial travel ban that would deny
entry to people from mostly
muslim-majority countries it's really
sad when every single case filed against
this is in the Ninth Circuit we lose we
lose we lose and then we do fine in the
Supreme Court but what does that tell
you about our court system the Supreme
Court announcement is a victory for
roughly 700,000 dreamers for months
they've been demanding Congress act to
protect them from deportation but
Congress has failed to come up with the
solution the White House says it's not
giving up but that legal process could
take months
leaving the ultimate fate of dreamers
uncertain Kimberley halket al Jazeera
Washington
