for the middle-east this was an
important moment Russia for the first
time casting its veto in the Security
Council to protect Iran it came in a
moment of high drama in the council
chamber to rival resolutions on Yemen
put two back-to-back votes the one
vetoed by Russia was a UK draft back
strongly by the US which contained
criticism of Iran it received 11 votes
in favor because of Russia's position it
failed they moved on to Russia's own
draft without any mention of Iran
Security Council members aware that
sanctions in Yemen would collapse if
there was no new resolution back to
unanimously it led to angry exchanges
the UK's resolution was a simple
common-sense one it called out Iran for
giving the Houthis the tools to threaten
Yemen's neighbors and to threaten
freedom of navigation through the Red
Sea but this common-sense attempt to
hold Iran accountable has failed I will
be frank the wording in the British
draft is liable to have dangerous
destabilizing ramifications and this is
not only applicable to the situation in
Yemen but also to the region overall
this will inevitably escalate regional
tensions and lead to conflicts among key
regional players the vote had been
postponed for several hours as the UK
tried but failed to reach a compromise
with Russia the acting British
ambassador had earlier told me he wanted
his resolution to reflect the findings
of an independent panel on Yemen but
that report was not only critical of
Iran Russia doesn't like the outcome of
certain expert panel reports but just
because isn't like the messages doesn't
mean it can undermine everything they
say so we'll be urging our colleagues
for the good of the United Nations
system to vote in favor of a resolution
your change does not reflect everything
in the panel of experts reports there's
no mention of UAE torture camps
and not the same mention of the
bombardment by the Saudis and the
illegality of that in your resolution so
are texting on part of what the panel
back to the edge our text has the
support of the council and that's what
matters thank you very much thank you in
the end he did receive the support of
the majority but the key takeaway is the
fact that Russia was prepared to cast
its veto the Trump administration
constantly says that Tehran is
destabilizing the Middle East region and
that it's prepared to take action we've
now had confirmed what we expected that
Russia will block the UN route to any
such action James BAE's
al Jazeera of the United Nations
