I am for me okay you're in the stream
today we met another Miao
I'm us Africa's most feared undercover
journalist the man who never shows his
face on camera
I'm Malika balada if you're watching us
live on YouTube or are following along
on Twitter send us your questions and
I'll do my best to post them to an ass
before we jump into the conversation
here's a look at the sort of work an ass
does in this clip we see him expose a
practice in Ghana in which disabled
children are killed because I believed
to be possessed by evil spirits have a
look Marga we sure miss young someone
putting a bottom and you mal karma
finally they are ready to administer the
concoction we make our way into the
bedroom where they demand I hand over
the child they so don't know it's a
replica
you're under arrest they are not obliged
to say anything unless you wish to issue
what that I say we take him down and be
given in evidence in a court of law
these Canaan journalists unmask re
morale on us is the most renowned
investigative journalist on the
continent of Africa and with good reason
it's in starting his career 20 years ago
he has exposed corrupt police judges
employers and government officials he
has caught criminals in the act he has
rescued traffic children his motto is
name shame and jail so after the people
his journalism has exposed have found
themselves behind bars that makes what
he does a risky business there have been
threats against his life he travels with
a police escort and a bodyguard and he
has worn a whole series of disguises
over the years I'm not coming out on us
is with us now welcome today is a panel
of young African journalists with
questions and comments for NS with us
from Accra Ghana Quay siege MPs IDO is a
contributing writer at ports Africa and
Lagos Nigeria were joined by Festus a
hora and in Boston Massachusetts Erika
IEC is agony an American journalist
welcome to the stream everyone I want to
start with a tweet we got from a member
of our community when they heard that
you would be on the show NS Hassan on
Twitter says he is our WikiLeaks we love
you and s know this is a good reference
point for those who may not be familiar
with your work but tell us how did you
get started in the world of
investigative journalism well I started
journalism as a print journalist and as
I kept on moving up I realized that
there was the need to define what
exactly I do and to be more impactful to
society so I switched on to undercover
journalism and then that's what I've
done ever since I did so because I felt
that it had a more lasting impact on
society and it helped towards the
development of society
so people watching right now they've
just switched on al-jazeera that you are
watching a really well-known gun in
undercover journalist have a look at him
right now because it is an extraordinary
sight and as we we have to address this
idea of you disguising yourself when did
this start
well I guess as the work continued and
we dived into many other big stories and
security implications became real and me
and my team what needed to come out with
some form of these guys that will ensure
that you are life to do the net story no
story is worth the life of the reporter
so we came we decided to get this these
guys and so it's beats that I were and a
hat and I do this purely because of
security reasons to ensure that I can
live to tell the less story
you do you realize it's extremely i
catching an incredibly dramatic i want
to show how you did your TED talk so
have a look here my laptop not you and
us obviously but for our audience so
there's a cables red and white cables
and then another one that I shared just
a little while ago a whole series of
different looks I'm just wondering if
you can you really capitalize on this it
adds drama it creates a name for
yourself and it's almost taken off
beyond the work well the work we do is
not about drama it's about realities of
society I mean if you've read that
stories that have there are real stories
that affect human lives and we've got
gotten into serious situations where we
nearly lost our lives and I don't talk
for only myself I also talk for other
African journalists and I can tell you
that if we say we under threat it's not
a joke they happen every single day and
those who could not take precautions
have died there are many African general
is one died as a result of picking up
the mantle to tell their story
and if there is anything you can do you
can only do it when you are alive but
there's no point in doing anything after
your death we have found this as much as
this even if I took off this particular
mask the face you see is not a face that
you see whenever I'm working we've gone
into the use of prosthetics and others
just to ensure that we can live to tell
that story and even though with the mask
or prosthetics or the blurring of the
face you have fans out here who are also
journalists many of them young we're
still worried about your safety doing
the things that you do exposing the
people that you expose we got a video
comment from juju Osman out of Malaysia
and this is what she asks hi my name is
Jojo Osman I'd like to applaud your
honors for your courage and you're an
inspiration to many of us young
journalists to practice ethical
reporting my question to you is when
you're covering a dangerous story how do
you manage to protect yourself and your
family from direct threats made by
people who know you and will go to great
lengths to not be exposed honest well I
think the key thing about my journalism
a three cardinal principle that I look
at is naming shaming and jelly
traditionally journalists would want to
just work and then publish my stories
are not meant for people to read in
their bedrooms and and relax my stories
are expected to have a needed impact
sending that bad guy to jail that's why
I get my security from there is nothing
confusing or irritating than doing a
story and finding that same bad guys on
that same street with you so if we talk
of security security means that I do my
story very well I got other hardcore
evidence I go to the court of law
testify and ensure that that bad guy
goes behind bus if I kept that guy
walking on the streets he is more of a
bigger danger to me and my team than
anything else so yes if I look at
security how to keep their family how to
keep friends the key effect I look for
is to ensure that whatever I do is
good enough I gather the hard core
evidence and I am able to present it to
the court of law
and through a prosecutor that person
goes to jail there is nothing more
comfortable than doing that one limp
impacted is important once that story is
able to save human lives one that story
is able to impact on the life of those
children on those streets of those poor
people then I get my satisfaction that's
why I get the security from Erika there
will be many people today who will be
watching on us for the first time just
understanding and appreciating his work
as a journalist who knows his work how
would you describe his impact I think if
impact is seen and the results of his
work when you watch a piece or when you
read a piece and then there's direct
follow-up in the case with the children
and the video clip that we Washington
beginning with me watch the arrests and
then also in the case with the judges
and with some of them being disbarred so
I think when you see results in his
journalism that's when you know he is
effective and I do have a question
bringing back to the beginning well when
I not started his career you said that
you started off in print and now you're
in the digital age when you're we see
you doing video can you talk to me about
does that have another impact in your
storytelling versus reading it and now
people are able to press play and watch
it well it does it does you see it's
it's only introduces multimedia to me
because today you only you are a good
journalist if you can make use of radio
you make use of television and print at
the same time that's what is the trend
you cannot just specialize in one you've
got to be able to have all those skills
so I think that print yes I was a bit
slow in getting into television but
today I can say I've gradually lent and
when I combine these three factors I'm
able to impact much more if we are
breaking as sorry we are thinking about
the print angle we are also thinking
about the TV angle we are thinking about
radio we are thinking online
and that should be the way forward in
order to be able to disseminate the
information to all villages and
communities we need to embrace all three
so I would say that my print background
has really shaped me to be able to
embrace all these three factors let's
talk about some of your work and show
some of your work there's a film an
investigation cored Nigeria baby's
really well-known honest can you just
give us an introductory sentence I want
to play a little clip from that
investigation but tell us what took you
to look into the story what was the
story that you went in search of well
Nigerian baby factories where it's a
story where we identified some people
who made it their business to come young
young young girls and force them into
pregnancy they make babies and then they
sell the babies as much as some two
hundred dollars a hundred dollars and
all that it will simply baby factories
and there are rights of this little
girls who are being abused they give
where they never see their child so the
aim of this tour was to go out there and
buy these babies and that's exactly the
purpose we achieved and also we looked
at the punitive site where these girls
who engage in that we're all arrested
let's take a look Nigeria's baby farmers
equipped with a secret camera we will
visit private clinics and orphanages to
find out how easy it is to buy a child
illegal with no questions asked here a
Destiny's Child orphanage in Oaxaca we
are amazed to discover how openly one
employee would offer to sell as a baby
that's what her evident ill health
adda zoe is willing to register as for a
baby and to broker a deal
if we register so I mean there are
people also on that list were also
waiting for the ability so NS when our
community sees little Clips like that of
your work we get comments like this this
is via YouTube live Johan says how do
you get to contact all of these
officials without your name and your
face being known so take us behind the
background reporting on how you embed
yourself into these stories I don't work
alone I work with the team and so before
we get into Anna story proper recce will
be done when I say ready I mean
reconnaissance we spent a lot of time
doing research before we get to the bone
of it because my journalism is about
hardcore evidence and I don't want a
situation where I get sued in the court
of law and I get to lose a case so we
spend a lot of time in making sure that
we get this facts right before we move
in and I think that the key thing for
every journalist is to be able to ensure
that your research stage is properly
done whenever this is done you are not
scared getting into the community also
we must not make a mistake of getting
one targets usually you have multiple
ones you work on both and definitely
some will come up well fastest is with
us from Lagos Nigeria and Fester's when
you're 22 journalism in Nigeria on the
continent it's really really tough what
do you want us someone is experienced as
honest about the way he works
oh good
good evening I'm fresh to the air from
Leaguers manger these are my expenses
the first time I met
last year in a conference in Nevada
Nigeria based on my experience I believe
that under the we walk suit or same time
is fought right is this kind of general
that goes after every story and it takes
this time
but in India in a contrast in and II
realized that this kind of journalism we
hardly see it in India
trust me reality because you realize
that even at the end of the day if we
end up doing the story in India nothing
happens we just entered there nobody
takes it from there no system is so bad
in enjoy that the the motor of Una's
which is tuned into Shimon to jail in
India it we don't see such an Andrea
after use name you've seen nobody nobody
goes to jail so I I think this kind of
this kind of you that we've generated
and that Una's practices should be also
entrenching 9j and someone on african
countries so these noticing I think an
ass's a type of Johnny's image is just
perfect this profit is unique I've not
seen it in another country especially my
own continent first to say I don't think
that it happens easily I recall the
first story I did when I was
investigating I did a story called so
Jabba and 260 people were arrested I was
a pimp in a brutal and I had guarded
evidence for three months the police did
a big bust two hundred and sixty people
were arrested and I went home that night
very happy only to get up the next
morning and all of them were released I
am trying to say that these things don't
come easy it takes time for your
security and judicial systems to
recognize the work you do so let's not
feel that it doesn't work let's lock the
doors when you do it one two three
people who start to associate those
things with you and they will do their
best to help you see no one can help you
define the problems you have done
yourself
it is us on the African continent who
can prop
define what problems we have so Festus
let's keep knocking on the doors and
let's keep pushing the frontiers of our
democracy if we do that one day somebody
is going to recognize you and is going
to make sure that whatever you do they
push it to that level because look which
legal institution or police
administration does no feed on evidence
evidence is key and we are all looking
for the bet of society if you have
evidence today and nobody minds you
tomorrow if you have it somebody will
mind you but the first step is that let
us look for evidence hard core evidence
that is important in the prosecution or
in dealing with these bad guys in our
society it's not easy but we've got to
push the frontiers so I mean I want to
raise two points with you that we're
getting from our our community members
this is me badger and Twitter who says
in 2015 he was accused by ganas now
special prosecutor Martin i'ma do as
being an anti-corruption preneur that's
a made-up word there mister imma do at
the time eluded that his work in
exposing corruption and Ghana's port and
judiciary was commissioned and possibly
paid for by the president
beyond the naming shaming and jailing of
corrupt officials
does he UN s had financial motives for
doing what he does before you answer
that NS though we also got some
questions on criticism of your work via
video comments along the same veins as
that tweet this is Eugene and this is
what he asks my name is Eugene imagine a
new student at a University of Ghana
your critics are questioning your style
of gathering evidence for your stories
but I want to know why you still haven't
change that thank you
so on the one hand you have someone
asking if there are financial motives on
the other hand you have someone saying
people are criticizing your motives why
haven't you changed let me go to uncle
Martin a Madhu's statement and today
he's a special prosecutor for Ghana and
when who was being vetted you would hear
what he said about me the good thing
about the two of us is that we all fight
against corruption we all we basically
do the same thing and we have sat down
looked at our books and I should want
people in Ghana the corrupt officials if
you have uncle Martin sitting on that
seat and I'm collaborating with him then
there's really going to be hit on those
corrupt officials in Ghana we have I
mean spoken we have looked at our
differences we have looked at our books
and I can only assure those skeptics
corrupt people in Ghana that F is about
the two of us we would definitely get
together to ensure that the bad guys go
to jail now let me come to my critics I
think first of all is fair to criticize
the kind of journalism I practice I have
tried and tested it and it works and
look I am NOT going to sit down for
anybody in an Ivy League school to
predict or to tell me how to do my
journalism I'm a product of my society
and I do what suits my society I have
chosen to name shame and Jill I know
that it doesn't work in maybe the US or
the UK matter me the UK is not my
community I know my village I know that
they don't have pi bond water I know
that they don't have decent food so if I
pick a story in my village I ensure that
that bad guy who is taking that food
away from my people goes to jail maybe
an American would do it differently
that's his business
I know these how to look they're cut
there are consequences to this and I
rewatched just recently you can see it
here on my laptop justice which was an
investigation into corruption in the
judiciary in Ghana there's one point in
this investigation where you bribe a
judge just before he's about to make a
decision on an alleged rapist that man
that the judge takes a bribe that man
then goes free there are consequences to
your approach to your methodology that
may also be detrimental in services what
happened to that man what happens at
community did he go on to do anything
else
other violence what are the consequences
if not going to jail
I mean a judge receives money and
there's a critique about the judge
taking money to free somebody he's not
supposed to free I mean how can this
happen where are these judges look my
work has been challenged on many grounds
it's to the judicial scrutiny
I'm a lawyer myself I look at the laws
very well before I make a move on any
person look the Chinese sex mafia we are
in jail for 16 years all put together
the story I did about Nanak we see a
demon he's in jail for 15 years I did
not want to about the customs people
they are in jail for 16 years
so I have tried and tested my method
look I open myself up when I do my work
for proper criticisms my work stands the
test of judicial or time because who
does work who does journalism in the
world and allow lawyers to process I
mean him I stand in the court of law
allow law yes sometimes six seven
lawyers cross-examining me on the facts
I am saying that what I publish is not
sacrosanct it's not let anybody who
thinks he has contrary evidence to what
I have guarded with my hidden camera
come and challenge me how come doing
undercover on al-jazeera or doing
undercover on CNN or the BBC is okay but
doing undercover in Africa is not how
come yeah I mean it's the same same
cameras we use and as I hear you I just
want to make sure I get quasi in because
I know that you've been supporting young
journalists very much as you you've been
doing your work quasi I've just been
looking at your Twitter profile here
solutions focus journalism activism
human rights feminism from Ghana with
love you've been listening to Una's who
is an activist in his own way what's the
one question you really want to get out
of him the one answer okay the question
I want to ask him is what is he doing to
ensure that there will be future
analysis after he is long gone
and what how is he passing on the
knowledge and the experience that he has
to the next generation of journalists
across Africa well I think that it's all
boils down to training it bows down to
having people steady under you and we've
been doing that I mean I'm sure some of
your people would say that we've gone to
Nigeria we are doing a little bit in
Tanzania we are doing something in South
Africa to get African journalists
together their associations and groups
that we've joined to ensure that
whenever we get that opportunity we have
a supports the tigereye Foundation has a
support from mikata foundation where we
are able to train some of these
journalists and to impact them with the
necessary skills that they deserve to do
result-oriented and developmental
journalism journalism that is based on
hard core evidence and we've been doing
that anis it's been a pleasure having
you and crazy and Erika and Festus as
well thank you for being part of our
conversation Mallika House has been
going down online Lorenzo says going
underground sometimes is the way forward
kudos NSF guineans hate you for your
work trust me in the world loves you god
bless you all right and this is your
first experience of Alice's work I hom
recommend you go on line to
aljazeera.com look for special series
and a program called justice thanks for
watching everyone
take care
