one of the frontlines in eastern kuta
opposition fighters say they are
repelling attempts by pro syrian
government forces to storm the besieged
and clave rebels say they killed dozens
of soldiers the ground offensive began
on Sunday just hours after the UN
Security Council agreed to a ceasefire
throughout Syria since then there has
been no let-up in the war the intensity
of the airstrikes and the shelling
appears to have dropped when compared to
the relentless bombing campaign during
the first week of the assault but
civilians continue to die those who are
able to find the underground shelter
avoid going outside more than 500 people
have already been killed children and
women among them may God give me
patience to face this tragedy my
children are scattered here and there my
son lost three kids such awful memories
I am blind I lost my house six days ago
I have nothing at all I have been here
for six days there is no food and water
we are living in tunnels chlorine gas
has also reportedly been used activists
and medics say victims suffered
breathing problems today we have more
than 30 dead dozens of bombardments and
launching of chemical weapons they
bombard us with chlorine sarin and other
gases from Iran we don't know what they
are Assad at Russia and Khamenei don't
care about UN Council decisions they
still bombard us and use chemical
weapons against us pro-government forces
have been accused of using chemical
weapons in the past especially when they
want to clear an area to allow their
forces to advance the Syrian
government's backers Iran and Russia are
using a loophole in the UN Security
Council ceasefire resolution to push
ahead with the military campaign they
say the truth does not cover areas which
are held by what they call terrorists in
eastern water there are two main rebel
groups racial Islam & faileth al Rahman
they
sent representatives to russian
sponsored talks in Astana but there are
also a few hundred Hayek kaffir Islamic
fighters belonging to a group previously
known as the al-qaeda-linked al-nusra
front the opposition says hi atari
regime fighters are ready to leave but
the pro-government alliance wants all
rebel factions to surrender there are
thousands of fighters in eastern huhta
and between 300 to 400 thousand
civilians says the UN god be with us
where's the ceasefire the airstrikes
haven't stopped we've been going through
this for the past week no food no water
the Kremlin says the people of Eastern
hookah are being held hostage but the
fighters and their families are also the
people of this Damascus suburb
surrendering would probably mean
forcible displacement to another unsafe
rebel area and never returning home
zenyk allah al jazeera Beirut
