nineteen year old crystal Medina prefers
the weather back home but says she's
thankful to be here despite the cold
attending New York University going to
school in Puerto Rico has been difficult
since Hurricane Maria a lot of the
buildings were really really badly
damaged
we had fungus in our classrooms so we
had to take classes in tents there was
no I look to see for like the first two
months there was no water four months
after the category four storm a third of
the island remains without power even
before Maria hit the government there
cut funding to the University of Puerto
Rico prompting a student strike that
shut it down for a month
crystal is one of about 60 Puerto Rican
students attending NYU free of charge
dozens of other schools on the mainland
are offering free or reduced tuition but
such programs aren't without controversy
as many as 32 thousand college aged
Puerto Ricans are expected to leave the
island in the coming year continuing a
trend that started with an economic
crisis in 2006 as they leave in search
of better opportunities the worry is
that universities like this are luring
away the best and the brightest
researchers at the Hunter College Center
for Puerto Rican studies say the
depopulation of Puerto Rico is one of
the most significant hurdles to its
economic recovery the reality is that
the depopulation of Puerto Rico is a
long-term problem that now is being
intensified you're losing those young
people even after you trained them which
is part of what's happening then the
economy is lacking the skill space to
develop you know new products new
companies and enterprises I can actually
promote the economic development NYU
requires students to continue paying
tuition to their schools at home to
lessen the impact on they're already
strapped budgets still Christian de la
Cruz has mixed feelings about being in
New York there's an element of like
guilt too because I'm over here and I'm
pretty much getting free ride just
paying my sin university back home and
I'm getting all these benefits
and they're not but the longer it takes
Puerto Rico to recover the stronger the
pull to leave kristen salumi al jazeera
New York
