hi I'm Willie could be Lila and you're
in the stream Brazil heads to the polls
on October 7th to vote in the first
round of general elections that have
sparked polarizing debate about the
presidency on the streets and online
currently the two leading candidates are
Giada Belson ro of the social Liberal
Party and Fernando Haddad of the Workers
Party will speak to a panel of
journalists about how they have been
covering the process but first we heard
from our Brazilian community on why they
support their candidate the president I
support in the upcoming presidential
elections is called zhangwei adieu from
party drove because he's the only one
who brings an actual fresh new start for
Brazilian politics I support Hillary
bolos and Sonja - Adam because they are
both social movement leaders who have
struggled for democracy social justice
and human rights on the ground with the
people well I'm voting for bossman ro
and he's a very bad person and a very
bad candidate but I'm voting for him
only because there is a shot that he
will decentralized federal power and
will not keep the corruption machine
working like the major parties has been
doing the candidate that I support is
wrong with from Nova Party which is the
new party registered in 2015 and that's
why I support him because he's the only
true outsider in this election the
divide in Brazilian society was on
display this weekend on television some
of the candidates sparred over policies
and personality by the divided was also
on the streets and several protests
around the country both supporters and
opponents of the controversial candidate
junior bosun ro took to the streets
marching and chanting our producer
Beatrice Christopher o sent us footage
of one anti Bolton Auto protests in Sao
Paulo on Saturday where people marched -
under the hashtag Ella now or not him at
that protest people shouted bosun ro you
can cry women will take you down
and united women will never be defeated
they chanted Wilson ro you fascists
women will put you in line
and feminism is revolution and some
protesters shared why they came to be
heard on Sunday supporters of Wilson RL
also took to the streets chanting their
name for him
Mito or legend one protester explained
why he's convinced will tomorrow is the
best candidate
lots to discuss today and to help us
with that drug calc reh√©n wool is
Washington correspondent for Globo news
and Bremen Germany Raphael South cope
Garcia is an independent journalist he's
normally based in Brazil and in Sao
Paulo Mauricio Saba desi is the Brazil
correspondent for the Associated Press
welcome to the stream everyone let's
begin with what brought so many people
out onto the streets these past couple
of days wreck how what is it about
Wilson ro that has elicited such
large-scale protests against them and
then smaller scale but still sizable
protests in support of him well I think
it is show how polarized Brazil is right
now that is a con sense actually the ho
the Brazilians are united against the
idea that the whole political class is
corrupt but what bring a lot of people
against most entire industries is like
because since he was he came he became a
congressman in the beginning of it in 90
days he's being very controversial he
makes very offensive remarks against
women against black people against gays
and he's being in that time over there
he already defended a back they returned
to the military dictatorship in Brazil
which rule Brazil from 64 to 85 it was a
very dark moment in Brazil with a lot of
the abuse of human rights and torture he
already defended torture is being
defending and spreading violence he was
recently just victim of violence he was
stabbed so I think people are united
against this idea of hate and
intolerance and on the other side they
want to vote a lot of people like you
were saying one of the one of the voters
there in the say he I'm voting for
Bolton are oh I hate him but i'ma vote
for him because he is better a lot of
people voted for both senado I can see
that in my family it's voting actually
for to protest the other side they don't
end protest vote it's not necessarily
about in
exactly so they don't see the party they
are against right now that is a Workers
Party Duma in Lula's party are raising
in the polls like we are seeing their
candidate now growing in the polls so
these are protest is a vote for protest
also speaking of protest Mauricio I know
that you were out at some of the
protests in Sao Paulo this weekend what
were people telling you what were you
hearing well most people that were
protesting on Saturday they were really
upset with both so not oh but they were
also trying to push their candidates
forward that means most of the
left-leaning candidates in this race and
some centrist as well of course this was
a movement led by women but political
parties also wanted to enjoy some of the
electoral dividends of this protis you
can see on the last few days of the
campaign trail all the candidates using
alien mount and the hashtag in their TV
programs or in their internet material
as well so I would say that the leaders
of the movement were women because of
the Boston Auto agenda being so
aggressive against women in the last
years or so but the political parties
have also seized an opportunity to try
to drive Boss Kannada out of the out of
the runoff that is scheduled for October
2028 of course there's their slim chance
that that happens because the support
for both Mara in the polls is still very
high but they're trying to throw some
less punches to see if one of these
other candidates can take his place in
the world
so even to the aggressive agenda against
women I want to share with our audience
exactly what that looks like for many
people this is one who tweeted in
hundreds of thousands of Brazilian women
protested over the weekend to say Ella
now against a politician running for
president who has publicly called women
ignorant too ugly to rape and
undeserving on the same salary as men
and they share some photos taken by
Reuters Rafael what has it been like to
witness this campaign well it's
interesting that like Raquel said the
polarization in there is taking place in
Brazil that it is important to have in
mind that we're not talking about
extremes Fernando Haddad in one side and
also not in the other side definitely
from the
Paul's better not extreme the workers
party that belongs is not an extreme
left political party so both sonar is
from the extreme right but this is
actually what we see is a lot of people
voting against a candidate
they're not exactly voting for someone
they want but they are voting for
someone they against someone they don't
want you see thousands of people taking
the streets to protest again tomorrow
and another one of them are voting for
the Workers Party not because they do
support them they have lots of
criticisms most people from the left
they have criticisms towards the Workers
Party but they actually have to vote
they think they have to vote for for
Haddad in order to prevent also from
winning and supporters of the right also
are doing the same supporting both so
now just to prevent the Workers Party
from coming back again and corruption is
just a background because you have the
political powers corrupted on both sides
also not oh there's some new denounces
again suppose not a bit made by by his
ex-wife there's still the country still
has to investigate but it's all over the
news from the past few days so this is
pretty much an election of polarizations
of two very different sites do not
necessarily extreme sites
mm-hmm in people voting to prevent the
other from winning mm-hmm so I want to
show what some of that polarization
looks like and this is Sarah who tweets
so sad to see some of my friends dismiss
their candidates racist misogynist
homophobic sexist comments as
unfortunate equally sad that they say
that the important thing is that he will
eventually do good for the country when
the guy has no consistent government
plan and they're using the hashtag
against both Sun ro but on the other
hand though there's this sweet from
Michael who seems not just to be doing a
protest vote but he's actually pretty
excited about a candidate Michael says
very excited about the prospect of a
Haddad presidency but very afraid of the
near inevitability of a military coup so
interesting to put excited in that same
thought of a potential who reg shall
break this down for us what do we know
about Haddad well the problem would have
that right now is he's very connect with
Lula which was the president the
Brazilian President just went
to jail a few months ago and he was the
mayor of San Paolo some people liked him
but a lot like you were saying he's some
people think that for him in order to
advance you'd have to disconnect himself
a little bit from Lula in order to be to
be the next president of Brazil the
thing is both of them are completely
very unpopular and they're going to have
trouble governing after because they
need to make coalition's with Congress
and in order to govern and they're gonna
have to make their alliances over there
and with the thing with Haddadi is until
now he wasn't the candidate who was
divisive Lula and they used Lula's image
to appeal for their voters especially
the Northeast
until now the president in James - the
former president being put in himself as
the candidate even though the electro
justice would not allow that to happen
so but that is growing on the polls and
this is scaring a lot of people this is
why you see what is going on a lot of
people doing this protest vote right now
it seems interesting though you
mentioned you mentioned disconnecting
there a nor'easter I want to go to you
with this because Raquel mentioned
disconnecting himself from Lula da Silva
but who we saw a jail time endorsement
we saw a former president who is in
prison endorse this candidate so that
seems like a disconnection that it will
be hard to make what's your take
Mauricio
I don't think Haddad wants to make the
disconnection because that's what makes
him so powerful at this moment and like
Lula or not he's a political genius and
what this process has shown is that he
has managed to organize Brazil's
elections from jail which is which is
quite amazing but the book concerns that
most people will have don't necessarily
mean that they will end at the end of
the election the problem is after the
election ends there's going to be a
legitimacy issue for sure because most
Romero has already suggested he will not
recognize any results unless he wins and
if the Workers Party loses they will say
well if Lula had been allowed to run we
would have won the election and that
makes this election of fraud as well so
we're now looking into an election that
somehow at least what the poll suggests
is tipping towards Oh Haddad because of
all the rejection that Boston has faced
in the last few days but that doesn't
mean that the election will end versus
four-year long political crisis the next
day as many people expressed can be a
very troubled a as well and headline
here for what you just mentioned
Brazil's Vossen ro says he will not
accept election result if he loses so
something to look forward to it this has
already been pledged Rafael your take on
this because that that means almost one
that there's a guarantee then that we
will see a runoff and two if this
happens what does that mean for Brazil
well that tweets that showed about a
military coup is something that really a
lot of people is really afraid in Brazil
right now that it might take place
another another coup because in one side
you have also matter with the support of
a lot of military at high office in
ranks so are supporting him his vice his
vice running make his candidacy for Vice
Presidency is the general he's a retired
general who actually declared that he
would support the idea of a coup if
there's anarchy in the country after an
eventual Boston re election and in the
other side you have a dad who it says
some sort of puppet from Lula that's
what a lot of people has some criticisms
as something to say about that because
he's not really the candidate Lula is
the candidate is just the puppet and
that the military would not accept a
victory of a puppet or a victory of
someone who's actually in jail because
at that end
lady Hoffman which is the president of
the Workers Party repeatedly said that
they were gonna set Lula free if they
win so have a lot of seconds Maurice
yeah
so I was just going to tell you that
this is breaking news I mean every every
moment there's breaking
it seems that running mate for Boston
ala just said he will accept election
results just a few minutes okay
for him so it's just amazing yeah I like
thank you so much for bringing that in
it shows really just the fast-paced
nature of this and Rafi I'm gonna go
back to you but you mentioned puppet or
that some people say that had that is a
puppet others say the word doll I want
to share this comment we got in live
from Samuel who says why are people only
talking about Wilson ro and Haddad had
that has alliance's he's a doll in
Lula's Han but this this comment here
Raphael seems to bring up the fact that
there are a lot more candidates in this
race than just those two it's a crowded
field what do you make of the other
candidates well you have some let's say
interesting candidates from all tastes
from left to right running you have for
the center-left you have Siro you have
marina on the center-right you have a
where do we have opening which is the
was the government of San Paulo but the
thing is as the country is really
polarized
it's normally people are just going to
the city both or not all to loot or to
had I was going to say Luna going to
Haddad as the only two viable options
because as I said they're not exactly
voting for someone they want they're
voting against the other so these are
the candidates over 10 different
candidates we have a guest 13 correct me
if I'm wrong but I guess we have 13
candidates they really don't stand a
chance because really the country is
voting against someone so yesterday we
had a debate the presidential debate and
they were the other candidates whereas
actually using that as argument to try
to get their chance to go to the second
round
using that let's not go streams let's
not go radical to the riot or radical to
the left we have options and they were
proposing themselves as their option
yeah but this is true mr. discourse is
somewhat exaggerated because Fernando
Haddad although he belongs in a Workers
Party which has moved further laughed
since 2016 when President Dilma Rousseff
was impeached
it's it's hard to say that a party
that's played elections and governed for
such a long time is anti-democratic in
any way whereas when we talk about Jeb
ostinatos candidacy which
the new thing there are reasonable
concerns based on things that he said in
the past about not only the dictators
you know what about but also about what
he would do if he were elected president
and that's also why I know that that is
not a common element in foreign politics
but here we we measure something we call
rejection which is how much we don't
want someone to be President mm-hmm and
that's it sister is about thirty percent
both so not is it's about forty six
forty five yeah according to different
polls so if you get more than forty
percent in a bowl that's basically
impossible for you to get elected and
before that in 2016 when Brazil is
living in the political crisis
impeachment know that Lula da Silva had
fifty seven percent of rejection so that
means if if President Dilma Rousseff had
finished her term it is very likely that
the Workers Party Lula da Silva Haddad
or whoever would have very slim chances
of winning but now that rejection is
falling mostly on both tomorrow and all
the other candidates that are also part
of this race Mauricio and Raquel and
Rafael I love that insight there thank
you for the idea of a rejection poll
that is not something that everyone
would be familiar with but I also love
hearing your take because you are all
journalists covering this and so you
kind of have a bird's-eye view
unfortunately just like in the US and in
other parts of the world that doesn't
necessarily mean that the populous
trusts what you say and what your your
your audience's they don't necessarily
agree with what you are reporting so
many people in Brazil are worried about
the spread of rumors and lies being
passed off as news take a look at this
sudden Blasio and spies miscommunication
I can't ask you mrs. pursue is a common
which is imperative Hamas mosquitoes
with no some religious aspects was can
say be a cretin C+ mu Kista episodes
Lucretia massage as from a song a couple
young bills purposes no way so newsrooms
around Brazil are monitoring what's
really become a viral spread of
disinformation in the run-up to this
election a project called come Provo you
take a look at my laptop
here it's bringing together 24 different
Brazilian media outlets to fact-check
and to verify information on the instant
messaging giant whatsapp that you heard
him mentioned just right there
the group has publishing power as well
so 3 newsrooms must agree to the facts
of any election related story before
it's allowed to be published so keep
that in mind because we got this live
comment from Sami on YouTube who says
the media is manipulating Brazilians
with fake news Rico like we saw here in
the United States
he thinks that when we we save facts
when we say that we reproduce the things
he was saying before against women like
he would rape a congresswoman because
she's you wouldn't rape her because she
was ugly he says that the media is being
unfair to him and a lot of these is fake
its fake news but we actually reproduce
in effect it's a big problem he's the
candidates the campaigns are also
helping to promote to promote fake news
but that is a big campaign in Brazil
against fake news like the higher
electro court in Brazil is taking the
front of this fight with other the
parties more than 30 / think 30 parties
joining the efforts Facebook Google
whatsapp is also part of an effort the
u.s. is sending the US I'm sorry
something thanks from Washington we're
going to Brazil to see the impact of
fake fake news could have in the in the
election over there in red a higher
electro court in Brazil already said
that election in the Constitution we
have a provision that say the election
could be canceled if it's proved that
the result was influenced by fake news
so it's a big big issue and like we were
saying what's up in Brazil I think right
exactly the second biggest market for
what's up in the world after India but
in a lot of fake news information get in
our hand I received from my family group
or from my friends a lot of information
that are not true and they I asked did
you check this information and the
answer is always no I didn't write
because you trust what's good coming to
you on whatsapp Mauricio I see you
nodding your head here
good we should have take two seriously
what
the Electoral Court says his fake news
has been abundant in Brazilian politics
and well first both shinato's supporters
are spreading those more than than
others it would be unfair to say
differently but the Workers Party
supporters have also done that in the
past and the present other supporters of
other candidates have done the same
this has been an election that has been
tainted by fake news from the beginning
to the start from the beginning to the
end I doubt that this is going to have a
little impact I'm sure that is going to
be big it's already big now but in the
last weeks before the vote there's
usually a huge amount of fake news even
in previous elections without what's up
with what's up used to come on email in
2010 2014 and now it comes on what's up
much more quickly I think this is still
going to have a bigger impact than we're
seeing now and that journalism is is
being attacked in Brazil that's for sure
whatever news is damaging to especially
both Toronado or had that you're going
to see a lot of supporters protesting
against journalists against journalism
they're not trying to establish bridges
the journalism which is risky for our
democracy I want to share just two
comments from people as we head into the
election this is what some voters are
thinking about nicole says this election
is a true battle between left and right
it will set the tone for generations do
we want equality or do we want private
profit that only benefits the top
another person on that same theme this
is Jamal who says we need to tackle
corruption nothing will work if we can't
trust the people who are supposed to
represent us they're using the public
money for their own benefits they live
like royalty which is unacceptable so
corruption being among the campaign
issues that people actually want to hear
about crime unemployment being others
Rafael forecasting in your crystal ball
for us what do you see ahead leading to
the election and then between the
election and the runoff which is due
October 28th well just one quick comment
about about fake news is that the
media's being it sounded attacked in
Brazil is really under attack but at the
same time a lot of a lot of funds when
you go and try to check in information
this information is on the point it's
behind a paywall so it's easier for
people to actually believe in what they
read what's up because when they try to
check them from
when they do try to do so it's behind a
paywall so they have to pay to have
access to this information concerning
the directions from now on
probably more polarization probably more
of the other candidates losing votes
every new poll you have every couple of
days three days you have the other
candidates losing votes and that endows
when I are both growing at the same time
that the rejection rate of both of them
also grow and I just see maybe a
scenario of vile political violence in
the future it is possible with this
polarization with demonstrations people
taking to the streets to show how this
content they are right really rule of
balance oh no Rafael I hate to end on
that note but I have to because that's
all the time we have for now thanks to
our guests and our community for being
part of this conversation
it is one we will be keeping an eye on
so until next time we'll see you online
you
