this is not an apparition of Elections
past but the return of the great
survivor of Italian politics
despite the scandals the humiliating
political defeats and the conviction for
tax fraud
anyone who gambled on never seeing
Silvio Berlusconi again might feel
short-changed but not the part of
faithful in a theater in Milan to hear
his message electorally serie yesterday
I read a quote from former US President
Reagan which says they told me that
politics is historically the second
activity of man and I thought it is very
very close to the first activity we
therefore need to be respectable in
politics for his supporters it was the
one and only chance to see him
campaigning Anka solo Burke will okay
even if it's for what he's already done
for us he has my support he's a miracle
of network he has so much energy it
comes from his desire to serve his
country is back and in the current
volatile political stage he is being
seen as a safe pair of hands been loosed
Kony is barred from political office
because of his tax fraud conviction but
in the event of election victory he
would have the power to nominate a
substitute while the veteran politician
has a colorful past in comparison to
today's politicians ranging from the
populist to the neo-fascist Berlusconi
is relatively a less controversial
figure he remains pro-european Union a
reassuring quality for Brussels despite
the fact that one of his political
allies is the anti-immigrant anti-eu
lega party Forza Italia is seen as a
force to keep the far-right in check
this could be better Scalise final
comeback his political career has been
declared dead several times before but
so far that hasn't stopped him clinging
on to power
Sonia Gallo go al-jazeera Milan
