from protesters at the border and the
stadium to uncomfortable questions asked
by reporters it was a controversial
arrival at the closing ceremony of the
Winter Olympics for the North Korean
delegation some South Koreans are angry
about the delegation leader general kim
yeongcheol is thought to be behind
attacks against the south including the
sinking of a warship in 2010 that killed
46 sailors no wounding president of
Korea now freedom and North Korean
dictator necessary
South Korean president moon jae-in used
the games to reboot inter-korean
relations the so-called peace Olympics
included a joint women's hockey team
athletes celebrating Korean nationalism
by marching under a unified flag as well
as a visit by kim yo-jong the sister of
the North Korean leader she arrived with
an invite for moon to visit Pyongyang it
was a good ol Impex we were so concerned
about it last year but it went so well
many North Koreans came in I wish this
could lead to unification I didn't it
was interesting using honor for us to
host it I really enjoyed it even the
choice of Olympic venues was symbolic
Gangwon province is divided between the
north and south if the tension continues
tourists don't come so peace is very
important to our economy
north korea participated in the Olympics
and this has become a basis for
establishing peace here and that means a
lot to us for the Russians the games
ended as they began marching without
their flag two of their athletes were
disqualified after testing positive for
banned drugs for years on from the Sochi
doping scandal Russians were only
allowed to compete
under an Olympic flag as all athletes
return home the question here is what
happens after the Olympics the US
announced its toughest package of
sanctions against North Korea on Friday
with the hope it'll pressure the country
to denuclearize whether that will work
when other sanctions have failed remains
to be seen and there's no word yet on
when president moon might travel to the
north if he does he'll become the first
South Korean president to meet kim
jeong-hoon since he became leader seven
years ago Natacha a guy named al jazeera
kumgang south korea
