this is what the united nation degrees
has to stop but hours into the UN
Security Council's 30-day ceasefire
declaration bombs kept dropping on
Eastern Utah medics reported dozens of
deaths and injuries from more than a
hundred airstrikes barrel bombs and
artillery bombardments all of which was
supposed to end continues in the
rebel-held area home to four hundred
thousand Syrians what experiences from
BVS ceasefire in Syria don't give us
high expectation expectation boom this
especially now what what is what the
resolution said that the ceasefire will
start as soon as possible when this
possible we don't know we don't we don't
know when this will start and and then
here this is a big number of population
it won't be a solution that we bring
them one or two convoys and won't be the
solution that we evacuate 1,000 or 2,000
of them to be fitted out of water as
feared government forces tried to enter
Eastern huhta from three sides
attempting to seize as much land as
possible before the ceasefire is
implemented reinforcements from the
Syrian army's 4th and 10th brigades have
been encircling eastern Hudur for days
Special Forces and troops from the elite
Tiger battalion are also on the front
lines bulldozers and tanks are deployed
to breached rebel defenses Iran and
Syria maintained that the Security
Council resolution allows the targeting
of what they call terrorists despite
facing larger treat numbers and heavy
firepower rebels in Buda say they have
held their front lines so far killing
and capturing some soldiers
you know have nothing at default we
welcome to the Security Council's
decision regarding a ceasefire because
of the burden on our families and
Eastern guter their suffering must be
lifted
we welcome to the decision to stop the
bloodshed caused by the regime in
eastern Goethe as usual we didn't find
any commitment by the Syrian regime and
its Russian allies Eastern Goethe
Western Goethe Northwestern Goethe
southern West and Goethe almost every
front and Goethe has been stormed by the
regime on Sunday in order to achieve
some advance but they haven't succeeded
many busy people have been stranded in
underground shelters for days and fared
worse to come
we can't eat because there's nothing to
eat our sons have no work
my son has five children and he doesn't
know how to feed them we will die hungry
without food
we've been targeted now homes have been
destroyed we have done nothing to be
treated and targeted like this but
eastern gluta has been intensely
targeted for the past week the UN called
it hell on earth
the Pope calls the victims in Syria
martyrs there have been conversations
between the leaders of France Germany
and Russia to try and persuade the Assad
government to stop attacks and allow in
humanitarian aid that's when the people
of who to continue to face what they say
is anihilation sama bin Javed al-jazeera
Gaziantep near the turkey-syria border
