like many Mexicans these days viene what
does for stop on her way to work is here
a convenience store sweetened yogurt
cookies and a jello cup make for a
breakfast on the go it's a trend the
thirty year old teacher says is
impacting her health and that of her
colleagues and students there are more
children who are overweight who have
diabetes and hypertension I see too many
students too many families with poor
nutrition we don't know how to eat
properly Mexicans are hooked on junk
food and the impact has been devastating
over the past 25 years
obesity rates have tripled and diabetes
is now the leading cause of death in the
country eating habits in Mexico began to
change in the 1980s because of an
increase in foreign investment but this
transformation really took off ten years
later with the signing of NAFTA the
North American Free Trade Agreement
health experts say Mexico became a
dumping ground for cheap low-nutrient
highly processed foods from the United
States causing diets here to mirror
those of their northern neighbors all
the metabolic damage we see in our
society today is caused by the
consumption of high fructose corn syrup
processed baked goods sugary drinks and
more it's all connected with the
industrialization of food in Mexico the
money route explains the causes of
obesity perfectly Anna's mother Luz
Maria has witnessed this change
firsthand
she says persuading her family to eat
traditional food like tortillas is an
uphill battle
bolita these days most young women don't
like to cook they prefer the ease of
buying the pizza or Kentucky Fried
Chicken instead of making rice and beans
instead of making lemonade they buy coke
or another soft drink the changes have
been bad without government intervention
mexico's health crisis is expected to
get worse
advocates say future trade agreements
should take health into account
protecting the very people they're
supposed to help David Mercer al Jazeera
Mex
Oh City
