can Donald Trump in the Gulf crisis the
US president is soon to meet leaders who
impose the blockade on Cutler 8 months
ago but what does he have to offer the
Saudis and their allies and would he
force a settlement on US allies in this
volatile region this is inside story
hello and welcome to inside story from
Doha I'm Mohammed jim-jim the diplomatic
crisis between Gulf countries is now in
its ninth month Saudi Arabia the UAE
Bahrain and Egypt cut diplomatic
relations with Cutler and imposed a land
sea and air blockade last June Qatar
strongly denies their accusations of
funding terrorism despite repeated
efforts by Kuwait to mediate the
stalemate continues but could meetings
starting next month between the US
president and leaders of the Gulf
Cooperation Council help in the crisis
those talks which are also due to
continue in April will reportedly center
around the possibility of establishing a
GCC summit later this year and discussed
the regional role of Iran the US and the
EU have repeatedly called on the
blockading countries to negotiate its
first intervention happened just after
the blockade when Donald Trump appeared
to back the blockade in a series of
tweets about Cutler this was countered
by US defense secretary James Madison's
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson who
both called for calm by July Rex
Tillerson visited the region in support
of Kuwait's mediation efforts to bring
all sides together during that trip he
signed a memorandum of understanding
with Cutler on countering terrorism and
in November the first bilateral
counterterrorism dialogue was held in
Washington between the u.s. and Cutler
then last month Cutler in the u.s. held
their strategic dialogue Washington
pledged to work jointly with Cutler to
deter any external threat to Cutler's
territorial integrity and Cutler
announced that will expand the alidade
air base which is host to some 11,000 US
military personnel let's now get the
thoughts of our guests joining me here
in studio Majid Elam Saudi professor at
qatar university sheffy Habra professor
of political science at Kuwait
University and also when - aha mark
Farha assistant professor at the Doha
Institute for Graduate Studies
welcome to you all Majid I want to start
with you
if these meetings actually happen with
President Trump do you believe that that
could lead to a summit happening in
which the leaders of all the GCC
countries would sit together and talk
hema this is certainly the
million-dollar question the it seems
like that the White House would like to
appear as it as if
were reaching an end to this crisis
President Trump would like to be the
person who would end this crisis
apparently after being blamed for
starting into at least instigating the
incident that started it while at the
same time what we are saying now is that
the locating countries have not changed
their positions but I have not has not
changed its position so there is no real
change on the ground when it comes to
what the dialogue can be about now the
fact that Trump will be receiving the
GCC leaders in that order starting with
Saudi Arabia's in the way then Cutler
kind of tells you that the main
concessions have to be made by Saudi
Arabia and the UAE and this is why
they're coming first
they're coming first in order to make
sure that they agree to holding a
dialogue which is something they haven't
agreed to until now while the the Emir
of Qatar his Highness will be coming at
the end of this to kind of sum up what
will happen at the at the dialogue their
State Department apparently they're
trying to dilute the issue saying that
even if there was a summit held in Camp
David the crisis will not be the only
issue on the table so even if they
couldn't succeed in breaking a deal a
brokering a deal at at that time they
did they say that we had a discussion
about - about Iran about the other
issues in the region and kind of let
that crisis issue unfold as it as it
goes however I'm still very skeptical
that such a summit can happen within the
current climate okay Sophia what kind of
pressure do you believe the US could
apply on leaders of Gulf countries to
make this happen it's very possible that
the pressure is a combination of push
and pull on so many things there are so
many economic interests there's so many
deals in the pipeline there there is a
lot of elements of protection a military
umbrella I think America and the u.s.
does have a leverage and it doesn't have
to be too blunt about that leverage but
it looks that the Gulf crisis since May
of 2017 has been very counterproductive
to the Americans
they have gained certain benefits but
they have also lost influence as a
result the Turks are now in the Gulf
small states are fearful for their
independence new ideology is evolving
Iran did benefit tremendously from the
Gulf crisis it feels at ease and even
when it comes to commerce and as a
result of that the u.s. fields that this
particular crisis has not been helpful
now the u.s. is a more than one mind you
have the Trump administration which is
more on the right in association with
the Netanyahu leadership in Israel which
is on the right that's of one mind and
then you have the State Department and
the Pentagon and looks to me that the
State Department and the Pentagon has
been putting out of common-sense
regarding how reckless was this crisis
since it started in May and that as it
continues one way or another that
recklessness continues even with effects
into the domestic situation in in GCC
states ok mark I want to pick up on what
Sofia just said and I want to go back to
the beginning of the crisis because many
believe that this crisis was prolonged
because of what Shafiq was talking about
mainly that divide between what
President Trump was saying about Cutler
and then with what you would hear coming
from US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
supporting Cutler now do you believe
that this could have ended long ago if
there hadn't been these mixed messages
coming from DC well yes I think there's
good indication that a lot of this
crisis emanated from the divides in
Washington itself and these devises and
translate into divides in the region
within the Gulf states themselves but as
Shafiq was saying and others as well I
mean the problem now we have is not just
do you have this showdown which is very
dangerous between Iran and Saudi Arabia
between these two axes but also within
the GCC itself there's division and I
think it's upon the u.s. now to to mend
fences to find a consensus amongst these
Gulf states and then later even a
grander consensus because I think the
danger we're having now in Syria and
elsewhere is a ratcheting up of the
crisis by the United States whether it
be
in Israel by taking a very very
pro-israeli line against all
international law or against Iran is
well courting disaster or against Russia
for that matter but some of these crises
I just dare say that again before we
sort of just blame the Trump
administration for everything
we're inherited I mean a lot of this
came from the Obama administration
whether it be detention with Russia
whether it be Syria else so I think we
should bear that in mind before we just
simplistically say you know Trump is at
fault for everything I think the crisis
was in the making before and the
tensions were the making before and now
is upon us to find solutions these
tensions imagine you were part of the
delegation that was in Washington DC
last month Cutler got something that was
very important to them signing those
bilateral agreements with Washington one
of them was a promise of protection the
u.s. intends to work jointly with Cutler
it's said to deter and confront external
pressures to cutters territorial
integrity just how vitally important was
that to Cutler at this time the
strategic dialogue that took place in
Washington wasn't only on its own a
product of the bilateral relationship
between the United States and Qatar but
it was also a changing in a shifting
tone in DC you could have heard the the
confidence in intellisense tone during
the dialogue and mattis's while there
was of course a lot of hesitation before
to support Qatar openly like this
because the institutions of the Pentagon
and the state they knew that anything
they could say can be the next day
debunked by the President himself either
by a tweet or by something coming out
from the White House to communicate or
otherwise so the main difference that we
saw when we went DC there is that change
of tone into a very confident Pro Qatari
stance positioned by the United States
we've seen the three officials maddest
Ellison and the Treasury Secretary all
of them were speaking very fondly of the
relationship with Caitlin speaking very
confidently about the strategic
relationship with with Qatar and I think
this was mainly due to the fact that the
White House has changed its position not
dramatically but it has at least given
way to the State Department
and to the Pentagon to run this crisis
they have agreed to a teller Sims line
was from the beginning which is we have
to get our people together they are our
allies and we have to mobilize our
allies through making them speak with
with one another and now of course we're
seeing that the White House is still
maintaining that line supporting what
Ellison is doing there's very little
damage Trump is doing now as compared to
the beginning of this crisis so I think
the main thing the main listen the main
idea to be taken from the strategic
dialogue at the time is that shift in
the tone towards Qatar from accusing
Qatar of supporting terrorism
- speaking of Qatar as a reliable
partner mark building on what Majid just
said do you believe that President
Trump's position now on Qatar is is just
solidified and in line with mattis and
Secretary Tillerson well I think it's a
little bit too early to tell I think
we'll still have to see what he intends
what his strategy is from this bilateral
dialogue it's not what it was initially
designed to be which is a communal
dialogue of all the parties he's going
one by one now and I think it's a little
bit would be jumping the gun if we rush
to conclusions here and what exactly is
in terms that maybe he doesn't even
exactly know he's playing it by ear
maybe to some degree but I'm not so sure
that that it will necessarily you know
follow a distinct strategy I think he's
to some degree playing it impromptu and
weighing the options if you will you
know to some degree for the u.s. it's
not necessarily a disadvantage if
there's some squabbling here there we
know the weapons deals that were being
done but I think in the general picture
and again emphasize this I think the
overall danger here is we seeing an
increase of tension across the region
and it really really is important now
for the United States to to go back
because Trump came into the into the
office with a different agenda from
Hillary with ending wars in the Middle
East instead what we're seeing is the
opposite he's actually you know going
down the neocon aligned once again and I
think that's against his voters and
against the American national interest
as well Jeff at this stage what would
Saudi Arabia and the UAE want to get out
of you know in return from topper to try
and end this
and then what would copper be amenable
to doing as far as concessions that's a
very hard question it's as you can see
policies tend to be mostly hard to
predict and sudden sudden shifts we've
seen that internally in Saudi Arabia
we've seen that in its overall foreign
policy and however there will be or must
be some sort of a face-saving formula
this to be looked into given that there
has been an agreement on on moving
forward it's it will simply be that I I
think there was a motivation in this
crisis that was economic and that failed
if it was really economic so much of the
objectives of the crisis as we
understand it and as we've observed it
since may regarding Qatar has failed
from the Saudi Emirati perspective so
what would that face-saving formula be
is to be seen and yet there will be
certain benefits it's hard to see where
will Qatar go and these these benefits
but I also see established realities
that would be very hard to unlock
whether it's Qatar and Oman or Qatar and
Turkey or the whole issue of trust and
mistrust will continue for years to come
it's very hard to delve into such a
crisis and expect to just forget it and
so mistrust will continue and we're
going to see expressions of this
mistress so it can be if when you look
at the crisis now you see that it has
reached a climax what else are you going
to do beyond that and that what is there
that means some trade has to come back
the flying the aeroplanes the space
etcetera it's not a whole lot that will
come back cutter did take strategic
options anyway yet the relationship that
the Americans need may force that new
equilibrium and the benefits for Saudi
Arabia and the UAE with the Americans
also may be of a certain direction that
will help the the agreement with Qatar
so on a positive note there is a
possibility on another note we really
don't know it's still early and things
could happen and the American
administration could also face
challenges challenges that are also
domestic and that also in Saudi Arabia
the Yemen war other aspect so it's a
volatile environment and we need to keep
this as we analyzed imagine I was in
Kuwait in December covering the last GCC
summit now many were surprised that that
even happened at all but it was supposed
to originally last two days it only
lasted a few hours and at the end of the
day the leaders of the UAE and Saudi
Arabia did not even attend did that say
to you that the GCC is broken beyond
repair I mean we're talking today about
the possibility of another GCC summit
perhaps under the auspices of Washington
DC but are we at a point now where the
GCC is really broken I don't think it's
totally broken to the point of no return
I think it's suffering it suffered a
very huge blow but we have to remember
that the GCC as an entity never had such
a strong political presence the GCC
always had a very decorative presence to
to it you've seen all the ways that
political positions towards
international and regional issues have
always varied between valleys GCC
countries and they've been part of
different parties in different
disagreements in the region we've seen
for example that even before the the
Arab Spring there been a money many
issues like the war on Gaza for example
that the Israelis waged in 2008 or other
or other issues there always been
difference of opinion and there is
strong difference of opinion
some countries in the region belong to
if I might say even different camps when
it comes to the outlook of the region
how it should look the GCC has always
been more of a social and economic body
that kind of embodied the shared culture
and shared norms of the region rather
than being a political entity that makes
sure everybody falls in line and I think
that the Saudis what they wanted and the
Emiratis from the GCC is for it to be a
vehicle where they actually use it to
explore how they can use their political
hegemony over the region and this did
not work and this is why I think they
did not attend in their very high
delegations in in december and i
remember when he was there when we were
there in the the whole itself we've seen
how the difference in how the Emir of
Kuwait is an issue sabah received his
Highness the Emir and the other
delegations this summit to me was a very
strong point where it led Kuwait to say
listen now your problem is not only with
Qatar it is oh it's also with the GCC as
a whole and this actually corrects the
wrong that's always been there saying
that this is a GCC crisis where Qatar is
pinned against the GCC countries there
are only three countries in the GCC that
are participating in the blockade
against Qatar while Kuwait and Oman are
more neutral and in the last couple of
months they've been even closer to the
Qatari position supporting dialogue
between the different parties so I
believe that GCC right now is certainly
in one of his slow points in its history
but it can recover
whenever of course because these regimes
are not going to be I mean the people
who are running these regimes they're
not going to be there forever
so the entity the entity was able to
survive because of the Kuwaiti summit
and what Kuwait did to make sure that it
survives and I think that it can survive
but it will be certainly weakened by
what happened chef where Duke awaits
mediating efforts in this dispute stand
right now has there been any type of
breakthrough in the last few months in
trying to resolve all this not a
breakthrough I think Kuwait success has
been through the the impact and the
approach taken by the Emir of Kuwait
Sheikh Sabah al-ahmad
Ben clearly to put a kind of cap to put
a ceiling on the crisis and to make sure
that the crisis does not exceed just
being a political socio-economic media
crisis the way it expressed itself
Kuwait was hoping to avoid the military
confrontation and the efforts succeeded
and the Emir of Kuwait said there was
such a potential and he said that in the
White House and that the efforts helped
put a cap on that helped prevent that
and and yet
Kuwait's efforts continued through the
GCC summit as failed as it is it tried
to keep the skeleton and the skeleton
continued and therefore you will find
Kuwait's effort is to keep that balance
yet Kuwait as a small state today it
doesn't feel as secure as it was before
the crisis because that crisis showed
how fragile was the GCC how fragile our
relations between the GCC countries that
to the point where the Emir of Kuwait
said in the White House when I was in
Riyadh just before the crisis days
before the crisis during that big summit
that brought president drop we didn't
feel he said he didn't feel nobody felt
that there was a sense of crisis among
at least the Kuwaiti delegation and yet
it came a few days or a couple of weeks
later so that says how fragile so going
beyond that to the future is going to
mean a mechanism for conflict resolution
is going to mean getting more other
other dimensions other institution to
participate in the GCC I mean more
people-to-people more assemblies
institutions of flow and and court may
be it needs to develop if it doesn't
develop it will be as you said earlier a
different kind of a GCC an american-led
GCC in an area which is not anymore
a fully influenced
the US in an area where there are so
many paradigms so many regional players
so many international players and
therefore it would be a totally
different form that is not exactly
function mark has the USS credibility
been damaged in this crisis and if so
how much in in both the region and in
particular in GCC countries yes I mean
how you think I think you see there's a
bit of lack of trust in an essence and
on all sides in a way and therefore also
those since the u.s. still remains a
superpower an effort to sort of win that
trust back or win the favours back but
also to hedge and to look to other
sources of support whether beer on
Russia even Turkey of course and this is
probably the big conflict rooming
looming in the background this showdown
now in the Sunni States even before we
had a Sunni Shia clash now we have a
turkey Saudi Arabia clash if you want
and the Front's and these GCC the front
lines are clearly drawn again I think US
diplomacy as an American citizen should
be much more creative should be much
more proactive and should to go new ways
and I would again not just blame the
Trump administration but also the
previous administration for a lack of
creativity for a foreign policy which
was based basically on guns and bombs
and not on a creative diplomacy and
regime change in a way so I think a new
paradigm is needed desperately and even
though Trump was supposed to bring that
new paradigm what we're seeing as much
of the old and then some in fact and I
think that's a big danger now in the
future still imagine even if the GCC
does meet under the auspices of
Washington what could come out of this
do you think that a success would just
be that there is a meeting or they there
have to be concrete agreements made at
such a meeting well tomorrow the term
used by professor Ybarra there are a
lots of faces to be saved and in order
to broker any kind of deal between these
countries these faces have to be
considered and here I'm talking about
Saudi Arabia who needs not get out of
this crisis as a loser it's very
important for the vision of the new
administration in the new
her apparent and the the king in Saudi
Arabia to appear victorious out of this
crisis and this of course will not work
for the countries who need to establish
their sovereignty you need to establish
their strengths and their positioning in
this in this region and cannot abide by
any perception that they they've come
out of this issue as losers or that they
kind of gave in to the demands of their
of the countries the United States also
wants to come out and Trump's
administration especially wants to come
out as problem solvers and as peace
bring us and and they want to be able to
say that we control our allies we can
push our allies to the direction that we
see fit and we can solve problems when
we need to and the this collection of
face-saving exercises will be quite
difficult to to come by and and come out
with a with a solution unless the United
States decides listen we'd like to
pressure one side more than the other
and they know that this is very
dangerous if they push the categories
the categories can go towards Russia can
be more or less abiding to the US and
can feel themselves to be even less
inclined to with the project of the base
and a date base and enlarging it to the
2040 from here to 2014 if they pressure
the Saudis and the Emiratis legs no
nobody has an idea what they can do
actually in the region they could simply
just because it's very volatile and what
they've been doing is very disruptive it
could all just blow up in one second so
it is a very difficult mix that needs to
be done in Washington I think at the end
only one thing can be done it's just
getting people to sit down together and
talk about the issue this in itself will
be a step towards a solution all right
we're gonna have to leave it there
thanks to all our guests Madeleine
slaughter chef Deborah and Mark farha
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again anytime by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story for me
Mohammed Jim Jim and the whole team here
bye for now
you
