one of the saudi-led airstrikes spared
little here who data is the
strategically important port city in
western Yemen Saudi warplanes have
repeatedly targeted surrounding
neighborhoods since Thursday reportedly
killing dozens of Houthi fighters and
civilians before the start of the Civil
War nearly three years ago who died a
port handled around 70% of Yemen's
imports including critically needed food
and humanitarian supplies since then
it's become one of the most complex
front lines controlled by Houthi rebels
it has either been bombed or blockaded
by the Saudi coalition but in recent
months the US government which backs the
saudi-led bombing campaign against the
Iranian backed Houthis has sent cranes
to the data to replace those destroyed
in air strikes all part of efforts to
increase the amount of aid into Yemen
but helped his only trickling in while
Yemenis suffer what the United Nations
described as the world's worst
humanitarian crisis at this camp for the
internally displaced on the outskirts of
who data few have received any kind of
help I have four kids and I don't know
what to do to feed them I have nothing
and can do nothing we don't have
furniture we don't have beds we don't
have blankets we have nothing the UN
says nearly all of Yemen's 25 million
people need some form of humanitarian
assistance we're close to half of the
population in acute need of support the
numbers of displaced people are
increasing day by day here in who data
there are more than 21,000 displaced we
urge the government and politicians and
aid organizations to do more to help
displaced people who are living in
misery
their numbers are increasing and the aid
doesn't reach them quickly enough there
is a severe shortage of food and the
prices of goods here are very high since
the war began more than 10,000 people
have been killed in Yemen's economy
crippled with the fighting showing
little sign of slowing humanitarian
crisis is only getting worse
in Thea style al-jazeera
