half-built on the waterfront in November
this will be the showpiece conference
center for the biggest international
events Papua New Guinea has ever hosted
winning the right to host the
asia-pacific Economic Cooperation or
APEC summit was a major achievement for
Papua New Guinea its capital Port
Moresby struggles with poverty and high
crime and some living here doubt their
city will be ready in time but Papua New
Guinea's government insists it will host
a successful event it expects US
President Donald Trump and Chinese
leader Xi Jingping to be among the
thousands of delegates and says the
nearly two hundred million dollars it's
paying to host the event will be earned
back in subsequent investment many times
over the government's confidence is in
part because the country is getting lots
of assistance Papua New Guinea isn't
having to pay the full APEC costs on its
own other countries are in effect
subsidizing the event particularly to
Australia and China through assistance
in-kind providing people security and
training Australia is paying between a
quarter and a third of the total APEC
costs it's just leave Australia's having
a pick in Papua New Guinea that's how I
would see it but New Zealand too is
sending hundreds of people to help with
protocol training and the Chinese
government built and is now renovating
this second APEC venue APEC has become
an opportunity for rival powers to get
close to Papua New Guinea an example of
the way the region's bigger countries
are trying to buy influence with smaller
island nations in the Pacific Papua New
Guinea is in a very strategic point in
in the world and in on the world map
where it can pull from Asia it can pull
from Australia and New Zealand to its
benefit and to the benefit of its people
and you know any country in that
situation would do the same but others
are concerned that their country risks
becoming a geopolitical pawn it's a
little bit
skee for Papa New Guinea I think because
in the event of a conflict it's more
likely that in places like Papua New
Guinea those conflicts will between the
powers will be played out the help being
poured into the APEC summit it's just
one example of mostly China and
Australia competing to be the best
friend of the Pacific for if or when
that friendship becomes necessary Andrew
Thomas al Jazeera Port Moresby
