it's a hundred years since the first
volunteers signed up to serve in the
brand-new
Red Army almost immediately their task
was to defend the October Revolution in
a civil war against anti-communist
forces the Red Army would later succeed
in fighting back Hitler's invading Nazis
at a cost to the Soviet Union of
millions of lost lives these days the
founding of the Red Army is marked more
broadly as a tribute to all military
veterans in President Vladimir Putin's
Russia the achievements of the
Revolution are played down the occasion
is an excuse for displays of communist
nostalgia on a fairly small scale the
red flag is our flag it's the flag of
victory in the Great Patriotic War and
we are children of those victors so the
Red Army then they began to transform
and also the large extent disintegrate
especially in the beginning of the 90s
then there were several waves of
different kind of reform and now
actually they're more or less back where
they began to and increasingly
resembling a kind of new projection of
the old Red Army which is understandable
because right now the Russian army has
more or less the same enemies as the Red
Army did during the Cold War the main
enemy is the United States and its
allies we're in the Cold War number two
Russia's modern military has been
rebuilt at vast expense both to counter
the expansion of Western alliances like
NATO and the European Union and also to
advance Russia's own geopolitical
ambitions Georgia occupation of Crimea
now Syria right now yes all polls say
that the Russian people believe their
army is good and maybe them and many
believe it's the best in the world but
some with long memories place less stock
in military hardware
our soldiers have always been stronger
and had the best commanders there are no
Americans who can come here and threaten
us the world has once again come to
respect Russia's military might for many
that is a welcome new chapter in the
country's history Jonah hull al-jazeera
Moscow
