a good day for his countries as Canadian
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the
absence of detailed analysis his
officials insist Canada didn't have to
give up as much as it feared to an
overtly protectionist US president it
took more than a year of often
acrimonious talks to get here canada-us
relations once closer than almost any
other bilateral ties in the world sunk
to new lows Mexico made its own deal
with the u.s. in August and it took
Canadian and US negotiators another
month to reach agreement just two hours
before a deadline that could have
excluded Canada a key sticking point was
Canada's protected dairy industry under
the New Deal Canadian farmers will face
competition from us milk imports they're
a powerful lobby group and can be
expected to push back canada's
automakers will be relieved that the
deal means they're not facing the
tariffs on car exports that president
Trump threatened as recently as last
week cross-border US duties on steel and
aluminum also looks set to be lifted
which will relieve Canadian indeed
Mexican industries this is a pact
covering more than a trillion dollars in
trade every year more than half of it
between the US and Canada it still needs
to be ratified by legislators in all
three countries and there could still be
some resistance though ratification is
likely by early 2019
Daniel al Jazeera Toronto
