why are you playing guilty it's happened
again another member of Donald Trump's
2016 campaign walks into the courthouse
and pleads guilty to a serious felony
conspiring against the United States and
lying to investigators gates isn't a
household name but it's believed he
played an important role in the campaign
and inauguration often seen right next
to his boss like here preparing for his
party's acceptance speech gates was the
former deputy campaign manager for Trump
and a longtime business partner of
campaign chairman Paul Manafort Gates
was indicted with mana for at last
October for money laundering later face
charges of bank fraud and tax evasion
both men originally pled not guilty
gates joined the Trump campaign in June
of 2016 and stayed on after mana fort
was fired this will put more pressure on
mana fort to follow suit and flip giving
evidence on people higher up in the
campaign he was in that critical meeting
between Donald Trump jr. Jared Kushner
and a Russian lawyer linked to the
Kremlin this is now the third Trump
campaign official to come to this
courthouse and plead guilty with that
there's been a lot more talking
conservative circles that President
Donald Trump should simply pardon
everyone involved under the Constitution
he can do that he can pardon pretty much
anybody except himself
it would be politically risky but
there's another problem the special
counsel has been working with state's
attorneys and when it comes to state
crimes
well there's literally nothing the
president can do to interfere so far 19
people have been indicted in connection
with the Muller investigation into
possible Russian collusion four have
flipped making it likely that more
arrests are coming and making it harder
to say there's nothing here it
discredits more and more of the claim
that this is just fake news there's
nothing there oh there's nothing there
why are people pleading guilty they
usually do that in order for prosecutors
to get people more powerful in this case
closer to the president what's not known
just how high this will go if it's
possible it could lead to the President
himself patty Colleen al Jazeera
Washington
