they call out for those left on another
floor but in the dense dust and debris
it's hard to see who's left the upper
floor is on fire the doctor tells Allie
to open his eyes so he can wash it
medical workers in eastern goota are
calling for urgent assistance because of
the continuous heavy bombardment
incendiary bombs are now appearing in
the night skies weapons intended to
start large fires when they hit the
ground people and bodies are pulled out
from crevices between buildings the
nearly 400,000 people in the besieged
and clave are dying in their hundreds
had what's taken place in eastern Goethe
is a genocide and a crime against
humanity in violation of international
and humanitarian law and the
perpetrators should be held liable
accountable and cannot escape punishment
under any circumstances Russia is to
blame for directly being involved in the
military campaign and deep embarkment
graphic videos we've chosen not to show
you contain body parts scattered in the
aftermath of the latest onslaught by the
Assad government and its allies the
opposition holds Russia and Iran
responsible when the dust settles the
destruction is clear people have been
forced to live in underground shelters a
message to the Security Council is for a
ceasefire or a truce for days air
strikes and bombardments have forced
families and children into underground
shelters we can't do anything we can't
even go outside to get food but when the
outside looks like this there aren't
many places people can go to the
ferocity of the bombardment and the
arrival of troops on the outskirts of
reuther battling with fighters is
reminiscent of what happened to other
rebel health parts in places like Homs
and Aleppo entire populations were
evacuated to new places in Syria and
people inside besieged water have been
sharing old leaflets of evacuation zones
convinced that this is what is going to
happen to them as well Osama bin jabr al
Jazeera
Gaziantep
