they are images dominating us airwaves
since the shooting at a Florida high
school young protesters vowing never
again most weren't even born when
Congress passed its last gun control law
but can they help bring change now this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim for Americans few
issues are as divisive as the debate
over guns and it's never more heated
that in the direct aftermath of a mass
shooting
time after time tears turned to anger
and demands for tougher laws which come
to nothing
the Second Amendment to the US
Constitution allows Americans to bear
arms but it also adds they must be part
of a well-regulated militia the last
time Congress passed major firearms
control legislation was in 1994 and the
most significant part of that measure
has since expired but in the wake of the
school shooting spree in Florida earlier
this month that killed 17 students and
staff many believe or hope that this
time is different
teenagers including survivors of the
attack have launched what's become a
national movement they're organizing
protests walking out of classes and
blanketing social media platforms
they've vowed to keep the pressure on
President Donald Trump and fellow
politicians until they do more to
control guns teenagers are relentless
they don't give up and I am interested
to see who has the longer stamina
between them or the politicians because
I can guarantee you if the politicians
try and stick it out they're going to
retire we'll get to our guests in just a
moment but first White House
correspondent Kimberly halket takes us
through the latest developments from
Washington DC arming teachers in the
classroom is a controversial idea being
promoted by President Donald Trump to
prevent school shootings
if you harden the sights you're not
gonna have this problem because these
guys who lack courage will never go into
those schools he says he wants to
encourage educators to become
comfortable with a gun even offering
bonuses for those with firearms skills
I want my schools protected just like my
banks are protected Trump made the
comments on Thursday at another White
House listening session following the
shootings in parkland Florida that left
17 people dead most of them teenagers
since the school shooting fellow
students have made their voices heard
and brought pressure to bear on Trump
and other right-of-center politicians to
tighten gun restrictions arming teachers
is not what they have in mind that's
their plan anyway mark Barden lost his
son in 2012 in the Sandy Hook school
shooting school teachers have more than
enough responsibilities right now than
to have to have the awesome
responsibilities of lethal force to take
a life on Twitter Trump attempted to
clarify his position and floated other
proposals such as background checks for
those buying a gun raising the legal
purchasing age to 21 and again
suggesting the end of the sale of
so-called bump stocks that increase a
weapons firepower not all but some of
those ideas are at odds with the biggest
gun rights group in the United States
the National Rifle Association or NRA
pushing back against any effort to limit
gun ownership the elites don't care not
one whit about America's school system
for them it's not a safety issue it's a
political issue they care more about
control and more of it gun owners agree
never right to protect ourselves protect
our children so if they're properly
trained why not be able to use that I
think that it would send a message
across the nation that we're taking it
this into our own hands we're fighting
back and we will be the first line of
defense and while there is support for
at least some of Donald Trump's
proposals even the most basic limits on
gun ownership will require congressional
approval an accomplishment that in the
past has proved difficult
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera Washington
all right let's bring in our guests in
New York Paul Barrett adjunct professor
of law at New York University and author
of the book Glock the rise of America's
gun from Rindge in the US state of New
Hampshire richard Feldman a former
regional political director at the
National Rifle Association he joined us
on skype and in Birmingham in the UK
Scott Lucas professor of American
politics at the University of Birmingham
thank you all for joining us now Scott I
want to start with you the reactions to
other mass shootings in the past seem to
follow almost a script you would have
the shock and horror and grief you would
didn't have politicians offering
thoughts and prayers to the families of
the victims and the wounded you would
have demands for action but then
ultimately no action looking at this
from the outside things seem different
this time is that the case certainly is
from my perspective I mean if you had
asked me a week ago just after the
shootings in parkland Florida at this
high school I would have said it's going
to be Groundhog Day that won't go
through grief will go through regret
will go through statements that
something must be done and then a month
maybe even two weeks from now there'd be
a mass shooting and it starts all over
but for me it's been different this time
and I think it's the conjunction of two
things I think the first is social media
and what it can do in terms of a message
spreading very quickly and then secondly
and more importantly this group of
survivors from Douglass High School
these students who chose not to remain
silent but amidst their tragedy and
trauma to speak out and say something
must be done something must be done by
politicians and that it's incumbent upon
all Americans to call for action and the
spread of that message coupled with the
silence for the White House for several
days about gun control it meant that all
of a sudden we had this groundswell
which is not just rhetoric but I think a
demand and culminating on Wednesday
night in the Town Hall in Florida an
event which i think is overshadow Donald
Trump statements at that Town Hall were
students
teachers and law enforcement officers
really challenged both politicians and
the NRA I think this is the most
pressure that those politicians and the
NRA have faced probably since the 1990s
look something must be done not just
about the shooters but about the supply
of guns as well
beginning with semi-automatic weapons
Richard what's your reaction to what
Scott just said do you believe that
these demonstrations that these protests
that these impassioned pleas could
actually lead to legislation on gun
control the son well we've certainly
been here many times before I hope that
it does lead to action action that's
focused directly on the problem not just
action that talks about the issues
surrounding the problem I am somewhat
hopeful this time that we actually are
discussing gun violence restraining
orders which in this case and several
others might well have prevented the
incident if we talk about solutions that
are actual doable and related to the
problem we may actually get somewhere
that would be a good thing Paul I want
to ask you specifically about the Second
Amendment in your view does the Second
Amendment protect assault weapons
different courts in the US have ruled
differently on this issue what do you
say well I mean I think what's important
is what the you know United States
Supreme Court says and in the relevant
2008 decision then Justice Scalia wrote
for the majority that a ruling that
upheld the right to keep a fire a
firearm at home did not necessarily
preclude other forms of gun control I
think that law remains the case today
and I think that it would be a very
close case before the Supreme Court as
to whether a restriction on
semi-automatic military-style weapons
would be upheld but I don't think we're
going to get that
Pharr because i don't think there's
going to be a federal law passed
restricting so-called assault weapons
Scout a moment ago you spoke about just
how brave these traumatized students
have been in their actions in raising
their voices in confronting politicians
from from House members to senators to
even the president something quite
disturbing has happened in the wake of
the shooting you've had far right-wing
media outlets you've had people on
social media attacking some of these
students calling them crisis actors
really trading in these conspiracy
theories about them do you believe that
that is because these students are such
a force that that there is a fear that
they will be able to accomplish what so
many generations before them were not
able to do and start a mass movement
yeah absolutely
social media cuts both ways it gave a
platform for these students teachers to
have a voice which was then picked up by
the mainstream but social media course
is a platform for other groups alt-right
groups some hardline gun owners and even
some members of the NRA to try to whip
up these conspiracy theories because
they need to delegitimize these voices
these legitimate voices they need to say
that somehow they're manipulative or
dangerous and so we get this type of
tactic which tries to push them to the
side now the NRA dana loesch
on the one hand other night on wednesday
night said oh of course you know we
recognize your voices are legitimate we
recognize you know we don't associate
ourselves with these attacks you have
the very next day wayne lapierre the
head of the nra and dana loesch go in
and they attack the media and they try
to portray the fact that this is all a
fabrication that the media are taking
advantage not only of these students but
of crying white moms in dana loesch is
words and i think what it shows is is
that the nra is rattled the Trump
administration is rattled
but at the same time they will fight
they will fight hard against even
limited measures let alone the ban on
semi-automatic weapons so if as I think
this case continues unlike others all
the way up until the elections in
November it is going to be a very
divisive fight or at least the NRA and
its supporters will try to make it a
very divisive fight okay Richard
building on what Scott just said because
he mentioned dana loesch --is remarks
now I want to pause for a moment I want
to play a portion of NRA spokesperson
dana loesch his speech at the
Conservative Political Action Conference
on Thursday now I'm gonna say something
that some people are going to say is
controversial so I'll say it really
slowly so all the people on the platform
in the back can hear me loud and clear
many in legacy media love mass shootings
you guys would love it now I'm not
saying that you love the tragedy but I
am saying that you love the ratings
crying white mothers are ratings gold to
you and many in the legacy media in the
back richer what do you think of that
rhetoric and also after hearing that do
you think that the NRA at this point
would be willing to make any concessions
based on what some members of the
Republican Party are suggesting well
everyone almost makes a mistake when
they talk about the NRA as they'll that
some monolithic organization politicians
would be very wise to limit when they
accuse or speak of the NRA are they
talking about the NRA senior leadership
are they talking about the vast
membership I'm an NRA member I don't see
them talking about me but yet when they
say the NRA they are talking about me
this plays right into NRA leadership
hands the
or the NRA is accused of being a bad
actor the more they are the boogeyman in
this thing the better off it is for nras
recruitment and mobilization in this
year's election frankly up until this
incident the gun issue was so quiet that
it wouldn't have played any role for
politicians to think having gone through
the last 35 years of so on this issue
that seven eight months out from the
election the energy that's being
generated now is the wind at their back
on the gun control side is to completely
miss read history if anything it's just
the opposite it will energize the
pro-gun forces while the gun control
forces eight months from now we'll still
give lip service but they will not vote
for against candidates on the basis of
this issue a hundred and twenty million
gun owners what some percentage of them
certainly will Paul what do you think do
you believe that these remarks that
we're hearing from the leadership of the
NRA in the wake of the parklands
shooting will ultimately you know hurt
or help the NRA well first of all say
that in terms of my opinion I thought
those remarks were despicable so I'll
say that
flatly second I think Richard points to
an important truth which is that the
structure of the gun debate in the
United States is uneven it's it's not
straight across in terms of the degree
of passion energy and organizational
will that each side has the pro-gun side
the libertarian side anti-regulation for
them for many of them this is their
premier issue for it's very rare on the
pro regulation side for guns to be
actually people's top issue and after
some time passes I think the the my
prediction would be
that this keeps the NRA activated keeps
its its followers activated and more
politically liberal Pro regulation
people will tend to get distracted by
other issues come election time it's got
in the last few days we've heard
president Trump indicate that he is
actively searching for some type of
middle ground that would satisfy his
base but also those demanding change and
some form of gun control now he said
that he favors raising the age at which
someone can buy semi-automatic rifles
from 18 to 21 that he potentially wants
to expand background checks that he's
ready to prohibit bump fire stocks which
can effectively make semi-automatic
weapons into automatic weapons do you
believe this can actually be done in
such a polarized landscape well let me
say first of all that this isn't a
search for a central ground the White
House is belated reaction through Donald
Trump is trying to divert to a
completely different place rather than
taking on central issues you talk for
example about dealing with bump stocks
which while they were responsible for
the loss of a go shooting have not been
responsible for most mass shootings let
alone the tens of thousands of deaths
across the u.s. you talk about expanding
background checks when in fact the Trump
administration has actually rolled back
checks for example on those who might
have mental conditions so now this is a
diversion now in terms of what happens
next let me just take up the points that
Paul and Richard make I think they're
quite interesting I want to make two
sort of remarks to them
the first is absolutely when we talk
about the NRA and talk about the
politics here we're talking about the
NRA leadership but I think there's a
challenge out there to the many many
members of the NRA which is whether they
just simply accept this now or whether
they make their own response and say our
leaders don't necessarily speak for all
of us we too are searching for a way
forward and then the second thing I want
to talk about is we may be in a
different place now I'm not sure we are
but we may be and that is you know you
got three older guys talking about this
issue here what you're seeing this past
we is a younger generation embodied in
those parkland students and they may not
play politics by the rules that we've
grown accustomed to they may keep this
up they may march they may rally and if
those younger folks many of whom will be
of voting age for the first time in
November keep themselves mobilized and
keep challenging the politicians we may
have to accept that the way things have
happened in the past 35 years may not be
the way that they shake out in the next
year two years five years Richard so
many members of the international
community simply cannot understand why
guns are so important to Americans why
there are so many Americans that say the
guns are essential to protecting their
liberties why is it is it simply the
Second Amendment or is it much more than
that well that's actually much deeper
than that guns are a potent symbolic
issue and people who identify on the
pro-gun side really see their
relationship with this government of
ours as a matter of trust if the
government trusts me with the guns I've
owned for 30 40 50 years and never
misused on some level they're worthy of
my trust in them but if all of a sudden
that same government says well somebody
misused a gun therefore you're no longer
eligible or worthy to own them the
government is saying they don't trust us
when the government doesn't trust the
people the people feel the government is
no longer worthy of their trust and in
that sense one can understand begin to
understand the incredible potency that
the gun rights debate has in American
politics it's far more than about guns
per se although clearly it is about guns
as well Paul there are now renewed calls
for instituting red flag laws could you
explain to our viewers what exactly
those laws are and and what they would
prohibit when it comes to gun control
sure yeah Richard referred to these laws
earlier by a different label but
basically red flag laws allow a person's
family or law enforcement to go to a
state court and petition the court to
issue an order that a person who is
disturbed and there has to be evidence
of that should for some limited period
of time at least sacrifice their ability
to possess firearms so that if the court
finds in favor of the petitioners law
enforcement would go to the person's
home and literally take away their guns
for some period of time until the person
was deemed mentally fit this is not a
brand new idea but it is sort of
emerging on many fronts you've seen laws
like this passed in Washington State in
Oregon and it's being examined in a
large number of other states and that
was actually even before the Parkland
shootings and I think this is one
example of a gun control approach
accomplished at the state level that may
well catch on and gain additional
momentum as a result of the Florida
students Richard you've argued in the
past that there needs to be a lot more
included in discussions on gun control
and gun laws in the US what do you think
needs to be included in the debate in
the discussion well I think in some ways
we're headed there this is an example
where you know a change in the law
allowing these gun violence restraining
orders would have stopped several of the
last shooters from obtaining the guns
that they actually used now what we
never can say is might they have gotten
a gun from some other source and illegal
sauce but we can only focus on one issue
at a time and do the best we can
heretofore we've had this circus-like
approach that whenever an incidents like
this happen everything's on the table
and we start getting talking about
assault weapons magazine capacity
eliminating the Second Amendment
once that debate starts and we lose any
focus nothing's going to happen
so far this debate has kept some focus I
think this is a partial answer the gun
violence restraining what is and I
endorse them
Scott I'm gonna give you the last word
here very quickly does the fact that
these kinds of shootings continue to
happen in the u.s. affect the
credibility of the United States in the
eyes of the rest of the world and if so
how I think it does for many people you
know you have a country which proclaims
the rights of the individual that we've
heard about there which proclaims you
know the achievements of the US but when
you get the rights of the individual
almost trying to wish away the fact that
you have not just these mass killings
but the tens of thousands of killings
that occur and don't make headlines when
you have politicians that will use
diversions to avoid talking about this
when you have discussions that only talk
about and they should talk about for
example restraining orders but don't
talk about the fundamental which is the
ability to have a weapon of war the
ability to have an assault rifle
something which there is no
justification for in the hands of the
individual citizen then I think people
put their hands up and say look America
it is time to put some type of meaning
to where your mouth is it is time to
listen to the cries that you've had in
the past week from those who have
suffered from violence because it cannot
go on it is damaging American society
and it is damaging the example that
American society has tried to offer the
world in recent decades
alright gentlemen we're gonna have to
leave it there for now thanks to all our
guests Paul Barrett Richard Feldman and
Scott Lucas and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com/ /aj Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Mohammed Jim Jim and the entire
team here bye for now
you
