Gazza and oil reserves are believed to
be underneath these waters Lebanon hopes
to start exploratory drilling but a
maritime border dispute with Israel is
causing a problem
Israel is laying claim to one of the
energy blocks the early news Iran the
Israeli enemy is trying to violate our
sovereign rights in our maritime borders
but exploration activities will begin an
international consortium which was
awarded drilling rights to two of the
five blocks of Pretender says the
dispute between Israel and Lebanon will
not affect the work they say only a
small section of block 9 is disputed
drilling will target the northern part
which is around 25 kilometers from the
disputed zone it's in no one's interest
go into some sort of conflict over a
small area of the sea I just think
there's a kind of heated war of words
going on between you know Lebanon Israel
now that is not just about the sea it's
about a border war it's about Hezbollah
it's about Iran Hezbollah has produced a
video clip a threatening Israeli gas
platforms if according to the group
Lebanon's oil and gas rights are
violated Hezbollah is stronger than
Lebanon's military and has fought wars
with Israel in the past
the Israeli threats have United
Lebanon's divided political class which
ordered the army to confront any assault
both on land and in the sea but at the
same time the government sent a letter
to the UN but resolving the issue
legally may be hard the problem is that
Israel has not signed any related
convention so far including and this is
the most important the convention of the
law of the sea Israel is out of the
international community's rules
the US has tried to mediate but Lebanon
has rejected its proposal to split the
disputed area that would involve giving
up over three hundred and square
kilometers of sea Lebanon says it will
not allow anyone to prevent it from
taking advantage of its wealth the
government hopes developing the oil and
gas industry will create jobs and boost
the economy but it will take years
before Lebanon can benefit drilling is
not expected to start until 2019 Israel
has already discovered major offshore
oil and gas reserves Lebanon wants to do
the same the two countries are
officially in a state of war they talk
tough but they also say they want to
avoid an escalation after all commercial
interests are at stake sanika dar al
jazeera Beirut
