minutes away from the start
one final stretch a last bit of advice
and a few words of wisdom you need
training devotion and peace of mind it's
not easy but it's possible if you give
your heart to it first the professional
swimmers were set off then 300 amateurs
young and old jump into the Atlantic
Ocean for the annual 5 kilometer open
water race to the historic island of
Korea as the hours go by the gaps
between swimmers widens faced with
strong currents pain sets in the
swimmers battle cramps and exhaustion he
says my lungs are hurting for many it's
just about trying to complete it and get
to Cory Islands it's like a marathon on
water the goal is to get to go Reed
which for us is a symbol of our history
it's an important event this stretch of
Atlantic Ocean that separates Dakar to
Cory is of a historical importance the
island was a major hub for the slave
trade where African men women and
children were captured boarded on ships
to America some in Chains tried to
escape they would try to swim to the
mainland in what was then shark-infested
waters
this isn't just a swim race it's a
tribute to those who remain defiant
refusing their fate as slaves
instead swimming for freedom and so this
is also a celebration of freedom
resistance and the human spirits ability
to overcome adversity here comes the
winner
Adamo cha and Jarre a soldier for
Senegal's Navy it's a victory not just
for me but for all our people here in
Senegal and throughout the world
then slowly one by one
others come out of the water each
pushing beyond their limits to make it
to the other side breathless but happy
and proud Nicholas Hawke al Jazeera the
car
