the plan is to turn this reservoir into
a giant rechargeable battery the hills
would be its casing the water itself the
batteries stored power this standard
hydroelectric scheme in Australia's
snowy mountains already captures
snowmelt and rainwater and uses it to
spin turbines to make electricity the
new so-called pump hydro scheme is
different it would take the water that's
already passed through the system and
pump it back up from a lower reservoir
to its original one no need for new
rainfall it would reuse the same water
to generate power many times over when
we're generating the water will flow
from 10 Tangra through the power station
and into tow bingo and then when we're
pumping it just we we reverse the
turbines and pump it back up the hill
there is one big problem more
electricity will be needed to pump the
water up than will be created when that
water falls back down the efficiencies
roughly 70% so some people say a little
bit more some people sell it a little
bit less so essentially you are losing
energy pump hydros schemes make money
because water is pumped up when energy
from other sources is plentiful and
cheap water is released only when prices
are high when the electricity grid needs
new power fast the best thing about
hydropower is how quickly it can kick
into action about 10 seconds ago
I requested but the taps are the exist
about the open
electricity markets are finally balanced
producers try to make exactly the right
amount of power at any one moment to
satisfy that moment's demand hydropower
is unusually responsive unlike solar
that only works when sun shining and
unlike wind that only works when the
wind is blowing
hydro is there ready to go no matter
what time of day or night but as well as
being unreliable when solar or wind
farms make too much power it's often
wasted because it's hard to store
lithium-ion batteries are changing that
but the Snowy pumped hydro scheme would
store almost 3,000 times the power of
what's currently the world's biggest
lithium battery
we're orders of magnitude cheaper than
batteries so even if the battery price
comes down dramatically over the next
decade on the next decade after that
they've got a massive way to go in terms
of cost the hope is that pump hydro
schemes will encourage investment in
other renewables as energy created by
the Sun or wind when it isn't needed
won't be wasted but converted into
upstream water energy and stored and
retama s-- aljazeera tell bingo in the
snowy mountains of australia
