did Vladimir Putin help Donald Trump win
the US presidential election and how
free and fair is Russia's own
presidential election next month going
to be I'll ask one of Putin's leading
opponents and speak to a former top CIA
spy
I'm Mandy Hassan Russian leader Vladimir
Putin will run for president again next
month in what is sure to be a guaranteed
victory given that his only viable
opponent has been barred from running so
will Putin be president for life or is
there a version of Russian democracy
that exists in spite of him that's our
debate but first it Putin's Russia
collude with Donald Trump during the
2016 US presidential election former FBI
chief robert muller who's investigating
that claim last week indicted 13
russians and three russian organizations
but did the Trump campaign participate
in that election meddling and should the
u.s. really be lecturing Russia on
undermining foreign elections given how
many governments the CIA has undermined
and even toppled this week's headliner
trump critic former top spy and 28 year
veteran of the CIA and its clandestine
service john cipher
John cipher thanks for joining me on
upfront
the latest indictments from the special
counsels investigation into the 2016
presidential election in the u.s.
accuses Russian nationals and
organizations of having allegedly
meddled in that election are you over
the view as many people seem to be in
the u.s. these days that the Trump
campaign colluded with Russia and was
involved in that meddling what
interesting is right my view is this
this indictment sets a foundation upon
which the legal community in the Justice
Department Endel and the Moller
investigation will then look for
co-conspirators to they were tied with
this you know the Russians when they do
these things they call it active
measures so it's it's intelligence
service to collect intelligence but the
Russians have always for their history
been very good at subversion and
disinformation and deception and they
also recruit spies to help them do that
that's the issue they recruited members
of the Trump campaign as part of this
alleged campaign I have no way I have no
way of knowing that but one thing I can
say do you believe I'm asking for your
belief I can say with certainty that
they would try his critics hope that
Donald Trump the president of United
States will be indicted as a conspirator
will be kind of charged with a crime
whether ever it is conspiracy treason
that's the hope of many of his critics
they point to his behavior they point to
some of the evidence emerging from the
special counsel do you believe from what
you've seen in the public domain from
what you've heard from behind the scenes
as a CIA veteran do you believe there is
a case at least for suggesting Donald
Trump may have colluded with Russia I
actually do believe there is a case for
that you know if we're talking about
collusion you know we've seen recently
for with the stormy Daniels affair for
example this is the Pullman star that
should be paid off that mr. Trump's
behavior puts him in a position where he
could be blackmailed or put himself in
trouble so what we have here is we have
the best service in the world at
blackmail and using these kind of things
to take advantage of people shouldn't
Intel Russians we have someone who's
uniquely puts themselves in a position
where they could be blackmailed or
extorted then what we've seen is
behavior by people around the Trump
campaign some of whom have been arrested
others that have the information has
come out to show what they've done
then take it another step further the
when these people are confronted with
that they say they had no connection
lied about it and then tried to cover it
up and then one step further Trump and
his people attack those very
institutions that could hold them
accountable so in my view this is not
the behavior of people who are wholly
innocent suspicious baby yeah but isn't
the problem that there is no hard
evidence so far we're over a year into
this administration there is no actual
hard evidence by all the media hype all
all the coverage all the testimonies in
Congress there is no hard evidence or
smoking gun linking either Trump or his
campaign to the Russians or espionage
organizations espionage activities are
meant to be kept secret so no there's no
evidence evidence is something that
legal people find to put into a trial
the the bar for evidence is very high
however the bar for what we've seen in
terms of politically bad behavior and
unethical behavior in unpatriotic
behavior has been met
oh you worried that you might come
across as a bit of a conspiracy theorist
because you say well the Russians are
great at this they're great at espen on
that grounds you could accuse them of
anything and say well they're great at
covering their tracks do you see what I
mean there's no limit to what you could
I do something I do say what you mean
and I do acknowledge that we don't have
evidence to go to a court like I said
we've seen behavior it's either
unethical unpatriotic and there should
be a political price to pay for that
type of stuff you say unethical
unpatriotic behavior but on the other
hand if he is this Russian stood or if
he is compromised by Russian
intelligence why then did he for example
put out a new nuclear strategy calling
for more nukes and treating Russia as a
major rival why is he supporting more my
NATO troops being sent to Poland why is
he sold more arms to Ukraine than the
Obama administration how do you explain
personally I think those things are
great and I think that's exactly the
type of activity that we have to take to
make it clear to mr. Putin if he's
compromised by Russian intelligence
really that's evidence that he's not you
know I don't know I'm not in the white
house I do think that the deep state
that he talks about in the people with
the professionals who work in the FBI
and the Defense Department and the CIA
and the
in the Director of National Intelligence
these people understand what the
Russians have been doing and what the
Russians are up to and have been
promulgating policies that I think are
good for our country and I think we're
seeing some of that now just one last
question on the kind of hacking alleged
hacking the response by Trump
intelligence chiefs including Trump's
own CI de to Mike Pompeo warned that the
2018 midterm elections could be targeted
by Russian intelligence as well and a
lot of people are criticizing Trump for
not proposing countermeasures or some
kind of defensive measures what would
you want to see as a response to what
you believe is Russian meddling in the
election are you calling for a kind of
counter cyber war counter meddling in
the Russian elections all-out military
confrontation where does it end the
actions that mr. Putin took those active
measures that I talked to you about
these are asymmetric warfare it's part
of their doctrine and it's it this
asymmetric warfare is the is the
doctrine of the weak against the strong
it's like terrorism you can't take on
the United States head-on if you don't
have the means to do so this is a means
of looking for weaknesses in the
American system and taking advantage of
those things therefore the way to deal
with those is to is to put pressure on
Putin to make clear what's acceptable
and what's not accessible I think
continuing to support arms to Ukraine
making it clear there's a price to pay
in his area near abroad where he's taken
advantage in Crimea and Ukraine I do
believe that nuclear posture of an
increasing our weapons systems that our
nuclear weapon systems I think this all
makes sense I think continuing to
develop relations and with our NATO
partners to push back I also think
there's a whole education issue that has
to be done stand about critics of
troubling yourself as you say he's doing
those things no I'm saying no no much
worse than I'm saying on the one hand
yusei's unethical he may be unpatriotic
you clearly not a fan of him as an
individual but you're also saying let's
give him more nukes and let him escalate
possibly a nuclear war with Russia on
the food that's about what I said
there's this seem to be this disconnect
lots of people say we don't like Trump
we don't trust Trump he might be a
Russian stood she's clearly off his head
but we think you should escalate a
conflict with Russia that same person
seems to be a contradiction well the
United Artists States already has the
largest most powerful military in the
history of the world we have the largest
arsenal of weapons even more possibility
promoted modern
those weapons but your Parliament's
making Putin pay a price all of those
things could lead to a another major war
could it not but we do country could do
and you're okay with Donald Trump being
president
oh yeah you're doing what would Trump
and Putin do is you create a straw man
so you can take it down you said you
said we should pick and pay a price in
Ukraine and you support the
modernization and increase in nuclear
weapons is I'm saying how does that
square with you saying you don't trust
Donald Trump
I don't trust down but you trust him
with more weapons but I do and what I
thinking a fight would be I do trust the
institutions in this country that are
advising mr. Trump one of those
institution the CIA and John Safi you
served for 28 years
in the Central Intelligence Agency you
were former senior member you were part
of the u.s. clandestine service do you
see the irony in sitting here
criticizing Russia for trying to
interfere in foreign elections given how
many foreign elections the CIA has
intervened in given how many foreign
governments the CIA has toppled Iran
1953 Guatemala 1954 Brazil 1964 Bolivia
1971 chill a 1973 Haiti 1991 the list
goes on and on done on listen I'm not
gonna apologize for being an American I
support didn't ask you to I support this
country in this most of this country's
policies and in those cases some of them
I will admit were mistakes the
presidents the United States pushed the
CIA to get involved in in the CIA
follows the orders of the President I'd
stay however there's a system here by
which those people are working on behalf
of the Constitution
there's congressional oversight there's
advice and consent to the President and
to the White House and people involved
in these things in Russia those services
are working on behalf of a single man
that single man makes those decisions
for them I'm saying as some of them the
CIA to talk about foreign interference
when you guys meddled you guy is plural
not if you meddled in other countries
elections does it not seem a bit rich
Jim Woolsey former head of the CIA was
on Fox News this past weekend laughing
about it when he was asked yeah we've
intervened we did it for a good cause
I'm sure the Russians would say the same
we're doing it for good reasons as well
I totally understand that it appears
that way and what I would ask you to
look at is look at mr. Putin
at his what he's trying to push he's
pushing supporting Taliban in
Afghanistan he's supporting Assad in
Syria to include their use of chemical
weapons he's overtaking neighboring
countries and took up Crimea from
Ukraine so so I do think there are
issues and they're things that are right
and wrong in the world and I think mr.
Putin's on the wrong side if we want to
talk about mistakes in American foreign
policy we don't have time today to go
through all of those there's plenty of
them I would I studied many would say
they're just mistakes they were crimes
for which people have not been held
account at yeah there I'm sure there
were something absolutely John cipher
thanks for joining me on upfront
my pleasure thank you on March 18th
Russians will go to the polls to decide
who will become their next president but
just how fair and democratic will that
vote be the pass to the Kremlin for
Russian opposition candidates is
notoriously dangerous in 2015 opposition
leader Boris Nemtsov was killed and this
year the main challenger to President
Vladimir Putin's rule Alexei Navalny has
been barred from even running so is
Russia today more of a dictatorship than
a democracy and what does the sitting
president and former KGB spy Vladimir
Putin want for himself and for his
country with me to discuss all of this
RF Kenya albats editor-in-chief of the
New Times in Moscow Vladimir Posner a
prominent Russian American journalist
and former Soviet Union spokesman and
Vladimir Kira Mirza a leading Russian
opposition figure an activist thank you
all for joining me on upfront given
there are presidential elections around
the corner I want to begin by asking
whether Russia whether Russia these days
can really be classed as a democracy a
lot of people say no Vladimir Posner
partially you could say that there are
some democratic element elements today
in Russia but I would hesitate to call
it a democracy it's got a long way to go
before it becomes a democracy if it
becomes a democracy so yes more than
during Soviet times but still not really
a democracy the way I understand one if
good news is out of you you show an
accurate description
no by any means
as much as I respect Vadim and Posner I
would say that it's impossible to call a
Russia democracy's not a democracy it's
not a dictatorship either it is a it is
a country which is run by a corporation
the gradients of the former political
police the KGB and what we're going to
have on March 18th 2018 has nothing to
do with elections there will be no
elections there are no elections there
is no choice in Russia it's just a point
front whatever Putin for the fourth term
in the office and Vladimir carmoza you
wrote an article recently saying Western
leaders shouldn't recognize Russia's
election shouldn't give it that quote
international seal of approval why not
well I want to speak about elections in
Russia we have to put the word in
quotation marks because for more than 18
years now we've not had a free and fair
and democratic election in our country
and you don't have to take my word for
it just look at all the reports by OSCE
observers and Council of Europe
observers who have monitored Russian
elections in these past two decades and
it's frankly very puzzling when every
time we've had elections against
so-called elections in our country we
have observers coming in from the OSC
from the Council of Europe from
democratic nations and these observers
are issuing there's absolutely damning
reports that there's no real competition
there's no real choice these are not
real elections and yet a few hours after
these observers from Western countries
issue those reports the leaders of those
same Western countries the
democratically elected presidents and
prime ministers pick up the phone and
call mr. Putin to congratulate him to
congratulate him on what in effect on a
successful theft of the votes and when
we're speaking about this so-called
presidential election that will take
place on the 18th of March we can
discuss for a long time all the
different ways and methods the Kremlin
has mastered in terms of manipulating
and controlling the electoral process
but I think frankly it is enough to
mention just one fact there were two
prominent opposition leaders who were
planning to challenge Vladimir Putin for
the presidency in 2018 one was Boris
Nemtsov the former Russian Deputy Prime
Minister the most recognizable face of
the Russian Democratic opposition who
will not be on the ballot next month
because he was killed almost three years
ago on the bridge
in front of the Kremlin and the second
challenger is the anti-corruption
activist Alexei Navalny who's spend the
last year campaigning all across the
country joining hundreds and thousands
of people at rallies everywhere he went
and he's not gonna be on the ballot
because the Russian authorities have
deliberately disenfranchised him with a
politically motivated core conviction
that was by the way overturned already
by the European Court of Human Rights
but it still served as grants to
disenfranchise him it is not difficult
to win an election when your opponents
are not actually on the ballot that
point Vladimir Posner if it's not that
difficult to win an election when your
opponents not on the ballot what's the
point of the election is it just for
international approval is it just to
kind of give some kind of fig leaf of
legitimacy if there's no choice if
there's this manipulation as you have
gained urine and vladimir cameras are
pointing out what's the point of these
election before I answer that question
I'd like to make a point myself when I
was asked to participate in this program
I said I was not interested in getting
into a debate I am NOT a debater I'm a
journalist I'm not an opposition I'm not
a pro I'm not a big fan of Putin's but I
like to try to be objective with all due
respect mr. Kerem will say as you said
is a act of opposition per person and so
she again y'all bots in what she does in
her magazine I'm simply not interested
in that kind of discussion it's very
clear what they're going to say probably
pretty clear what I'm going to say
because people don't do go to the poll
and they do vote and for whatever
reasons
Putin has a very high percentage of
support and it's not because people are
stupid as I say again I'm not a Putin
supporter but I do have to see things
the way they are or you describe them
the way you want them to be or want
people to believe them to be it's not a
discussion I'm interested in so I think
what I'm going to do is I'm going to let
the two people talk and agree with each
other on all the negative things that
they're going to say and I'll do some
other stuff that is much more
interesting for me so I'm going to thank
you for the opportunity but that's about
it I really have no interest in
participating in this this is an
ideological debate and I'm no longer
interested
idea what did you wanted about it just
out of interest Wow
well it's I think unfortunately with all
the respect for mr. poses professional
from seven years in in Russian media and
all its various guises in Soviet in the
90s and today I think that is the
actually the basic point about the
people who are either open Putin
supporters or who pretend to be
objective but who are in fact Putin
supporters that they always run of a run
away from genuine debate so just to
clarify for our viewers we had a guest
Vladimir Posner joining us from London
who's a well-known Russian journalist
here to try and express a different view
- Vladimir kerim user who is an
opposition activist and yevgenii
Albert's who is an independent
journalist in Moscow he's decided to
leave us let me go to Yevgenia albats in
Moscow and let me ask you this when you
hear people like Vladimir Posner who's
now departed this show say your
ideologues your opposition figures you
know what's your response to that you
know I was surprised because well you
know Posner is a very experienced very
professional journalist and he himself
spent quite some time working as a
Soviet propaganda mouthpiece during the
Soviet times and then he himself denied
that Vladimir Posner has his own show on
channel 1 which belongs to the state and
which is unfortunately is just another
propaganda machine to to mislead your
Russian people you have getting a lot of
people watching I understand his wall a
lot of people watching might wonder how
it is that in a country where we're here
there's so much propaganda and
crackdowns on the press how does someone
like you operate then you seem to be
running a magazine you're here you're
speaking from Moscow speaking freely to
me now and to our audience about what's
going on how does that how does that all
fit together it is very difficult
unlike it was under the Soviet Union
Russia is not a totalitarian state so
they love for some opposition voices to
exist
I had however to close the paper version
of my magazine because people are we're
afraid and still afraid to give us ads
because to give ads to the New Times
magazine was to publicly express your
support to their position that's a quilt
of one of the prominent Russian
oligarchs whom I couldn't name so
therefore we are running on very small
budgets the magazine now is only digital
and most likely we will go out of
business in the months to come
let me put that point of Vladimir
Karamazov who's here with me you've been
targeted you say by the Russian
government you I think not once but
twice attacks on your life in the form
of poisonings you say that you had to
leave the country when you were poisoned
so how does that opposition fog figure
survive in putin's russia if as you say
people at yourself a targeted well first
of all that's not what i say that's the
official doctors diagnosis from my
moscow hospital both times that it was
acute intoxication of an unknown origin
the first attempt was in 2015 the second
was just last year but you know this is
nothing new frankly we have known for a
very long time that it is a dangerous
and risky vocation to be in opposition
to mr. Putin's regime and so many of our
friends and colleagues have been forced
to leave have been put into prison have
been harassed and attacked and as we
were just discussing a minute ago the
most prominent leader in the Russian
opposition Boris Nemtsov has been
assassinated 200 yards from the kremlin
wall in the middle of Moscow three years
ago and in terms of the level of
political repression as much as I'm
sympathetic to what you say let's be
fair a lot of us here in Moscow as much
as we recognize the dangers and you know
the attacks on your life and of course
you know what happened to buddy
neuf is a great tragedy however don't
please don't exaggerate
each week on Monday and on Tuesday I go
out and I show my school with it or
audience all across Russia and I say
precisely what I consider right to say
so I think it's also very important not
to mislead the public outside there are
you misleading are you exaggerating
about the situation well now first of
all I think there's no question that
Russia today is not the Soviet Union it
is not a totalitarian state we do not
have closed borders I think it is also
absolutely true that the current regime
is much more creative and much more
intelligent about how it affects its
political control but I think it's also
absolutely fair and absolutely factual
to say that the level of political
repression is fast approaching the late
Soviet period ok yevgenia Russia has
gone through revolutions collapse regime
change wars in the past hundred years or
more is there a fear of instability that
is shared by a lot of Russian people and
you know and by many politicians and is
that what allows a man like Putin to
stay in power for so long does it make
someone as authoritarian as Putin
inevitable in a country like yours
I cannot subscribe to that I don't
believe in all these cycles of the
return of after tourism Russia where are
some people you know crying wolves
outside Russia Alexei Navalny has
managed to ask people out on the streets
and people went out on the streets in a
hundred eighteen cities of the Russian
Federation of course you know this type
of regime is no friend to democracy by
any means it goes without saying that
Putin will tighten screws after his yet
another integration in may 2000 18
however I think that part of the blame
should be put on Russian liberals and
Democrats who were complicit with
with the regime for that reason or
another okay
let's one last question to you Vladimir
Karen Musa the Speaker of Parliament in
Russia has said if there is Putin there
is Russia if there is no Putin there is
not Russia there is this kind of
personalization now around the leader
what happens after Putin's gone he wins
the next election he serves another six
years until 2024 then he can't serve
anymore under the current rules is he
gonna go is there gonna be a post Putin
Russia or is he gonna stay on for life
somehow
first so that statement that you caught
it from mr. Volare not that is one of
the most insulting statements I have
ever heard about Russia or the Russian
people to even suggest that you know
there wouldn't be a country with such a
rich heritage such a great culture as
Russia without any one person that along
this one is absolutely insulting please
don't confuse a country with an
authoritarian regime that miss rules it
those are not one and the same thing
applies to a lot of came after him and
will when you say after him when when
will we see the back of him do you think
in your view one thing again I'm a
historian by education one thing we
definitely know from the modern history
of Russia is that big political changes
in our country in our country happen
quickly and unexpectedly let me put that
last word to you you've Kenya do you
agree with that that there's no
guarantee of Putin's re-elected that he
lasts a full term to 2024 or do you
thing he stays on for life he changes
the rules again Putin cannot allow
himself to step down he will remain to
be a frontman for the corporation
corporation will never allow him to go
unless unless they will him this
corporation and putting himself will be
challenged by people from outside
Kremlin and that's exactly my hope that
the minute they realize that country's
doing down the hill it Sakura means is
in pieces the Russian elite will start
looking for another leader and at that
moment
Putin is doomed we'll have to leave it
there you have Kenya albats Vladimir
Kara Mirza thank you both for joining me
on this show
Vladimir pose they decided to leave at
the beginning but I think we still had a
very interesting discussion
I appreciate your insights that's our
show up
we'll be back next week
you
