this sound tells passing shoppers does a
deal on second-hand clothes to his
market in Uganda's capital Kampala
people take that pick from a pile it's
among the more than 150 million u.s.
dollars worth of used clothes imported
in East Africa every year mostly from
the US and the UK imports that Uganda
Rwanda and Tanzania have agreed to ban
to support their own textile industries
Marjorie Connie Kay doesn't agree she
looks after three orphans and guess
their clothes here most of them will go
naked actually about that but some east
african governments think it is good to
support the few local producers like
this Factory in Kenya they hope to
create much-needed jobs and increase
exports but the US says the ban violates
free trade agreement since it's
threatened trade sanctions Kenya's
pulled out back in Uganda just next to
the second-hand market there are many
new clothes on sale almost none are made
in East Africa almost all are made in
China many of the new clothes imported
from China are made in Western styles
several African countries used to have
thriving textile industries making
fabrics with patterns like these those
industries have suffered in recent
decades and many of those fabrics
including all the ones here are now made
in China instead the reasons why it's
cheaper to manufacture in China than
most other places are many economists
August's noah gaba says several things
are needed to revive the local industry
to not just banning secondhand import he
is quite a good one it makes economic
sense but in the long term in the sense
that will support domestic manufacturing
now domestic manufacturing is something
that you cannot boast through it's an
absurd decision why because they need
raw materials you need the industry you
need
the attendant the energy back in
the market the traders make a run for it
when a city official arrives they don't
have a trading license minutes later
they're back enforcing a ban on imported
used clothes might look a lot like this
the trade employs tens of thousands they
might wish to one day have a job in a
closed factory but this is how they
survive
Malcolm Webb al Jazeera Kampala Uganda
