Amnesty International slams what it
calls Trump led politics of eight for
eating away at human rights around the
world as things deteriorate protest
movements have been created to fight
back but will activism turn the tide on
certain policies this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim it's a report which
frankly paints one of the bleakest
pictures in living memory of the state
of human rights around the world
US President Donald Trump has been
singled out by Amnesty International for
in its words setting a dangerous
precedent for other governments to
follow the organization's annual report
says Trump and other leaders including
Russia's Vladimir Putin China Xi
Jingping and Egypt Abdel Fattah el-sisi
are callously undermining the rights of
millions of people amnesty says we've
seen the ultimate consequence of hateful
politics in what it describes as the
horrific campaign of ethnic cleansing
against Myanmar's or a hinge of people
and it accuses the world of having a
feeble response to reports of severe
rights abuses not only in Myanmar but
also right off South Sudan Syria and
Yemen we'll get to our guests in a
moment but first this report from Patty
Cole Haines in Washington a bleak
assessment on the state of human rights
in 2017 they will not look back and draw
any lessons from this they will look
back and they will see that they were
part of the drafting of some of the
darkest chapters in modern history the
foreword of the four hundred page report
takes aim at specific countries first
and foremost Myanmar accusing the
government of committing crimes against
humanity which forced almost 700,000
roja Muslims to flee it singles out
Saudi Arabia's blockade for creating a
humanitarian catastrophe in Yemen all of
the countries fighting ISIL in Iraq and
Syria for not protecting civilians and
South Sudan for crimes which forced
thousands of people to flee from there
Donald J Trump is called it calls out
the United States calling President
Donald Trump's plan to ban entry from
citizens of several Muslim majority
countries a transparently hateful move
and it blames European leaders for
creating the conditions for what it
calls shocking abuses of refugees in
Libya it names countries it says are
consistently violating human rights such
as Turkey China Russia Venezuela Egypt
and Iran it also pointed the finger at
six African countries first
I flamed public protests this is the
very first time that Amnesty
International has chosen to unveil their
annual report here in the United States
and they chose the Capitol building they
say in large part because they believe
what they call his nationalistic and
sometimes even hateful rhetoric and
policies of President Donald Trump are
spreading across the globe anything that
the u.s. does has a massive you know
multiplier effect across the world but
they were emboldened by the fact that
you know trampling on human rights
abandoning human values is something
which is acceptable today we asked the
White House for a response but didn't
hear back as for Amnesty International
it says it's not all bad out there
it sees the rise of hate being met with
the rise of a resistance from the US to
Poland Venezuela to Iran which embassy
says gives it some hope that just maybe
2018 won't be quite as bleak in so many
places
patty call hain al jazeera Washington
all right let's bring in our guests now
in Washington Salil Shetty
secretary-general of Amnesty
International in London Imelda Shakira
co-director of the Institute on
statelessness and inclusion and joining
us on skype from jakarta benjamin sawaki
a human rights researcher and southeast
asia analysts thank you all for joining
us Salil i want to start with you you
say efforts of US president Donald Trump
to ban entry to all citizens of several
Muslim majority countries based on their
nationality was a transparently hateful
move what kind of effect has that had on
the rest of the world wait so the United
States is one of the most powerful
countries in the world and President
Trump started as electoral campaign with
a very hateful divisive rhetoric against
women against minorities against Muslims
and then in the last one year a report
shows how this is played out
into concrete actions and policies it's
not just the discriminatory Muslim
travel ban it's also the massive
reduction in the refugee settlement
numbers in the United States it's never
been as low as this since 1980
he's also introduced the Global gag rule
which means that 1.8 billion dollars
have been cut in terms of women's
reproductive rights now I traveled
across the world and meet leaders from
so many countries and you know yes you
immediately hear them talk about you
know why are you asking us about our
human rights record when the country
which has been the long-term champion of
human rights itself is flagrantly
violating Human Rights I mean to people
that come to mind immediately the two
countries and the two leaders are
president Sisi in Egypt and Prime
Minister Netanyahu in Israel who you
know you can see them starting here on
the world stage
you know brazenly violating human rights
because they feel a direct sense of
empowerment and emboldening with the
patronage from president Trump and his
administration but I can give you many
more examples of this Benjamin the
amnesty report says that hate-filled
rhetoric by leaders was normalizing
discrimination against minorities what
is your reaction to that and how do you
see that playing out where you are well
I would echo what Salil has said about
the rest of the world the examples he
gave were in the Middle East Israel and
and Egypt but certainly the same can be
said in Southeast Asia it's an area in
which ethnic minorities proliferate in
some cases ethnic minorities if put
together would make up a much larger
majority in their in their individual
countries then the the predominant
ethnic majority does and you have
religious minorities as well which
sometimes overlap with those ethnic
minorities and what you have throughout
Southeast Asia is likewise leaders at
the national level saying saying to to
me and to others look the president of
the most powerful country in the world
has essentially legitimized racism both
within his country visa vie minorities
and in terms of some of the statements
he has made about other countries
offhanded statements derogatory
statements racist statements and also
via his policies and denying refugees
from certain countries from being able
to to enter the country not to mention
that those countries are also
predominantly Muslim and so you have
throughout Southeast Asia a situation in
which you have both ethnic and religious
minorities sometimes with those labels
being conflated more blatantly being
discriminately discriminated against and
having their rights violated on account
of an example being set as far away as
Washington I'm building on what Benjamin
just said how much harder does that make
the work that you and your colleagues do
in trying to stand up for human rights
in the regions where you work where we
but globally on the on the issue of
statelessness which we see very much as
one of the most fundamental human rights
issues and what the Amnesty
International annual report very
powerfully conveys is that states are
increasingly using nationality using
migration status or a lack of migration
status as a means of discrimination and
exclusion against minority groups and we
see this having a terrible impact in
terms of the right to nationality and
the rights that flow once people do have
a national
and in the report itself there are
examples from the Dominican Republic
from Bahrain obviously Myanmar and the
Rohingya situation and many others which
go to this very important overlap
between the right to a nationality and
the right access to other rights and the
role that discrimination plays in terms
of denying people who have been denied
their nationality of access to other
rights as well so it's it's an important
issue I am glad to see it being picked
up by this this report of Amnesty
International and it shows that there's
a lot more work to be done in this field
so they'll one of the issues at the
forefront of amnesties reporting this
year is of course there were Hindu
refugee crisis now when I was reporting
on the range of crisis out of Bangladesh
this past October I met a woman or a
Hindu refugee who said to me that the
fact that this can happen and this day
and age doesn't just mean that her
people are in danger it means that
everybody around the world is in danger
is that sentiment in line with what is
being reported by annecy International
this year absolutely at many levels
because the Rohingya you know crisis
which sort of erupted in August of last
year is not a new crisis you know
amnesty has been reporting on the
discrimination against a ranger for a
long time and you know what happened in
August of last year was that hundreds of
thousands of people ruined Japeth nick
minority group had were pushed out of
Myanmar which was clearly a case of
ethnic cleansing and I think she is
absolutely right that you know this this
phenomenon is happening in so many
places in so many different ways and
what is shocking is that it's not just
the carelessness of the Myanmar military
you know and particularly General Aung
Hlaing who's really directly responsible
for what what happened in Myanmar but
it's also the kind of complete
indifference of the international
community and cynical way in which the
veto is used in the Security Council
because at the end of the day if the
Security Council is not the permanent
five members are not able to act on
something as you know the kind of levels
of crimes against
humanity war crimes that we are seeing
in in Syria in in Myanmar Myanmar is a
very clear case where you know people
are fairly sure the permanent fire sure
that any resolution put to take action
to hold the Myanmar military accountable
will be vetoed by China so she's
absolutely right that you know what we
are seeing is a mainstreaming and
normalization of hate divisive Ness and
you know really an us-versus-them
a kind of scapegoating of minorities
which we are seeing in so many parts of
the world
benjamín building on what Celia was just
saying in the past you've written that
although the root causes of the Rae
hinder crisis are within Myanmar their
effects are felt regionally and are of
relevance elsewhere where are those
effects being felt and how well I think
they're being felt to echo Salil as far
away as New York I mean look there's
there is we would be wrong to take the
the onus of responsibility for the for
the ethnic cleansing for the potential
genocide in in Myanmar away from the
Myanmar army and demand more authorities
but the larger failure here we are six
months removed from the beginning of
this crisis and you referred to it
earlier as a refugee crisis it's been
referred to as statelessness crisis
those are crises that that are more more
appropriately labeled in times of peace
but you still have people being being
forced out of Myanmar you have people
being exploited in Bangladesh and it's
been six months since this has taken
place over 700,000 right hinges have
crossed the border have been forced
across the border as grave as the as the
commission of crimes against humanity
potentially genocide has been by the
Myanmar authorities as great has been
the international community's refusal to
take to take action the world is
increasingly globalised there's no no
longer is there is there the plausible
denial or the plausible ignorance of
what has taken place so when it comes to
international peace and security the the
very Mandate of the UN Security Council
it has objective ailed the United States
China and the other three permanent
members have objective ailed the right
hinges and for years for decades indeed
we've talked about never again and yet
it seems that every five to ten years
there's a situation that
that gives the world the opportunity to
to make good on that pledge to make good
on that promise and yet time and time
again we have failed so i'ma when we
talk about statelessness some and we
talked about through oh sorry Salil go
go ahead what were you gonna say
no I I was just wanting to I was just
wanting to make one point you know
because in all of these places
interestingly we are talking a lot about
you know developing countries where this
kind of you know atrocity crimes are
happening but a report also refers to
the way in which Europe is treating its
the people who are fleeing from war and
persecution reaching the shores of
Europe I mean we talk more push backs
into Libya where the where the
conditions are just shocking but the
pattern you will see in all these
countries whether the Myanmar example or
Syria or or Yemen you know the the
language that's used to attack and
persecute minorities and people who are
weaker and voiceless is always couched
around two main themes one is the
national security and counterterrorism
so essentially anybody you don't like is
a terrorist and secondly the language of
economic development and growth that you
know this is putting our country
economic you know this is a sort of
trumps argument in this country which is
that you know we have to make America
great again and we will make America
great again by violating other people's
human rights I mean it's the most absurd
conception but this is what is has
gained currency amongst this group of
leaders which is Trump the deathday ed
Hahn etcetera um well I want to get back
for a minute to the issue of
statelessness because obviously it's in
the report by Amnesty International but
also it's something you've written about
what are some of the key factors of
being stateless and how much are the
human rights of stateless people
affected nowadays I mean we see
statelessness as largely a phenomenon
that relates to discrimination where
because of gender discrimination or
discrimination against race racial or
ethnic groups religious groups sometimes
discrimination against disabled people
you have individuals and entire coming
when it comes to groups like the raw
India or Dominicans of Haitian origin
being deprived of their nationality we
also have the arbitrariness anger coming
into play just picking up on what Selena
said so we're increasingly political
dissent is being punished
by stripping individuals of their
citizenship and we see this happening a
lot in in the Middle East region but as
a global phenomenon we it's it's safe to
say that states are giving themselves
more power to strip citizens of their
nationality under the guise of national
security and counterterrorism I want to
follow up with you on this sorry to
interrupt I want to ask you specifically
about that because in the world
stateless report from your group this
past year it was written that the
renewed instrumentalization of
citizenship policy as a means to punish
and exclude people who are different
from society was growing what do you
mean by the renewed instrumentalization
of citizenship policy and is that tie in
to what you're saying now it does and I
think I mean I think states are
increasingly and this is a
generalization but states are
increasingly taking quite a cynical
approach to nationality right where it
is seen as a weapon that can be used to
stifle dissent it's seen as a weapon
that can be used to exclude those who
are not seen as being part of the
mainstream so nationality which people
should have by right based on where they
were born or who their parents are is
now increasingly being seen as something
that the state can take away from you or
deny you outright and the implications
of that in terms of access to education
access to health care but also civil
liberties deprivation of Liberty
detention removal from countries I mean
it's a whole host of issues and what we
see is actually statelessness and
migration and such issues now playing
out at the very cutting edge of of the
human rights challenges and problems we
see around the world if I mean I also
just wanted to pick up on one other
thing that Sally said which was the use
of
which and I completely agree there's a
there's a very dangerous swing in terms
of the use of rhetoric in terms of
commitments to protect refugees to not
refill refugees but I think that here
there is also a role for us in the human
rights field to take a more principled
approach to stick by our guns and to not
use terms that are used by states in in
in a in a detrimental way an example on
the Rohingya would be I think we are
much stronger territory using the
language of crimes against humanity than
we are using the language of Italy
cleansing which is a euphemism and this
is this is the Chatham's that I think I
would like to to push out all human
rights actors so ill no getting around
the fact that this year's report is
extremely bleak but there are notes of
optimism that you and your colleagues
have written about among them the kind
of active activism that we're seeing in
the u.s. particularly by women's groups
by high school students that are
demanding action on gun control right
now do you believe that this kind of
activism can really affect change no
question but if I could just add a point
to on the statelessness and
internationality question because we
have to understand the kind of the this
is very interrelated to the flip side of
using hyper nationalism and patriotism
and sort of uber nationalism and we are
seeing this in India in in in the u.s.
of course in Turkey etc where if you are
not hyper nationalist almost jingoistic
then you're considered anti national and
so the whole issue of you know saying we
are the nation and then the people who
we don't like who we escape goating and
not national is really linked to the
question of strength to strip people's
nationality as well so it's very linked
to identity politics and divisive
politics I just wanted to you know put
that in that context as well okay so let
me stop you there one second sorry to
interrupt let me but let me let Benjamin
pick up on that point as well then I'll
get back to my original question to you
Benjamin from your perspective have
there been positive steps when it comes
to combating statelessness
is there a country now that is showing
leadership on this issue well Thailand
has taken some some initiative in the
past several months to confer
statelessness sorry to confer
nationality on erstwhile stateless
people in the north of the country some
of what are called the hill tribe people
and what's surprising about that is that
Thailand at present is under a military
government and one of the the sort of I
wouldn't call a silver-lining of such
but one of the realities of this of this
military government is that it's able to
take action in a manner that is much
more expedient in much more direct than
we're finding under democratic
governments not only in Thailand but
elsewhere in the world and it's very
rare however to see a military
government using that sort of power to
confer rights as opposed to taking
rights away and yet as you point out
Thailand is one country in which a very
small number in terms of percentage a
very small number more symbolic than
significant percentage-wise
but a small number of persons being
granted nationality who otherwise had
didn't have it before and it's opened
the door to a much wider dialogue and
perhaps a much wider effort on a part of
the Thai authorities to continue in
those efforts okay so let me get back to
the question I asked you a few minutes
back because I really want to get your
take on this about the fact that even
though the report is very bleak this
year there are notes of optimism and
part of that is because the kind of
activism that you're pointing out that's
going on at different parts of the world
particularly in the u.s. can you expand
on that and say if you believe that this
really could affect change right now
there's no question in our mind that you
know that is really the only thing that
is going to affect change I mean it's
you know classically said that evil
triumphs only when good women and men
are apathetic or silent and you know I'm
deliberately mentioning women because
and young people because these are the
people who've really stood up across the
world in the last year we have one of
the biggest women's marches in
Washington DC we've seen the kids come
out in large numbers against gun
violence in this country just in the
last few days but you know we have to
keep our minds kind of open globally on
this question we've had now a referendum
on abortion in
Island which would not have happened
without people standing up we've had
Poland you know the people of Poland
pushing back on the attack on the
independence of judiciary but Africa I
mean you know we don't normally think of
Africa so African states in the last
year 20 states or so have actually
attacked peaceful protesters have been
beatings and killings 30 of them have
reduced media freedoms but at the same
time we've had public protests in charge
against you know increased market prices
young people coming out Togo against oil
prices can you imagine that we've had
four African heads of state leaving in
the last year who we never thought would
leave you know we're talking about
Mugabe with 37 years in power and
several others were 20 to 30 years
take the Gambia giammy going and almost
every one of this South Africa's Umar
going most recently and Santos you know
most of these cases are in Angola where
people where leaders have moved on the
role of people power and activism
particularly of young people has been
hugely powerful and instrumental so you
know this country has never been so
radicalized before the United States the
kind of political awareness
consciousness and radicalization of
people standing up for their rights not
only their rights but for the rights of
others who are defending human rights is
very very powerful
okay been shown maybe give me the last
word here from your perspective the
regions that you cover very briefly
could you tell us do you have cause for
optimism right now do you believe there
is a renewed sense of activism there is
less so in Southeast Asia that I think
than what Salil is pointing out rightly
in other parts of the world and I think
one of the problems is the human rights
activists far too often are inclined to
advocate Human Rights strictly on
normative grounds strictly by saying
look it's in a particular treaty that
you've signed or it's customary
international law or it's simply the
right thing to do I think more and more
it's not only important but indeed
imperative for human rights advocates to
be able to advocate human rights on
utilitarian grounds to be able to say
not only have you signed this treaty but
is in your interest to do X Y or Z it's
in your economic interest it's in your
national security interest it may be in
your electoral interest let's say
that people politicians and policymakers
are complex individuals who have to take
human rights concerns into account these
would be a whole host of other concerns
I don't think it should be above or
below the human rights community to
muddy their hands and the sometimes
dirty business of effecting change and
that means utilitarianism as well as a
principled approach
all right gentlemen we're gonna have to
leave it there thanks to all our guests
Salil Shetty Imelda Shakira and Benjamin
Zawacki and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Mohammed Jim Joe and the entire
team here bye for now
you
you
