nicolas maduro appeared before an
adoring crowd Venezuela's beleaguered
president looking energized and
confident he'd already brought forged
the presidential vote now he called for
a mega election proposing state
legislative and municipal elections be
brought forward by nearly two years to
coincide with the presidential poll a
move that could concentrate power in his
government this way we have a complete
picture legitimate governor's legitimate
mayor's a new legislative National
Assembly legitimate councillors genuine
regional legislators and the president
legitimized by the people it is a
wonderful idea
just hours earlier and after days of
deliberations Venezuela's opposition
Democratic unity coalition had stood
United saying it would boycott the early
presidential race we want to compete we
want to participate in the elections
it's the government that isn't letting
us because they're scared of losing but
the approach is very simple follow the
law and the democratic unity movement is
willing to participate contesting it was
never going to be easy
maderos main opposition rivals have
either been driven abroad jailed or
barred from running against him the
opposition coalition and some of its
main parties had been banned from
running under their party names and
despite medoras low approval ratings his
party is still popular getting a large
share of the vote in last year's
regional elections
Venezuela has been mired in an economic
and political crisis its oil dependent
economy is in tatters and there has been
widespread anger over medoras handling
of soaring inflation and recession all
of that has been made much worse by
crippling sanctions the impact has been
staggering according to a new study
conducted by three universities
Venezuelans lost an average of 11
kilograms and body weights last year
almost 90% live in poverty a jump from
48% in 2014 and about a quarter of the
population was eating two or fewer meals
a day more than a hundred people were
killed last year in weekly
demonstrations against noodles
government but that's largely quieted
down with the opposition out of April's
presidential race Maduro is almost
guaranteed to be reelected now the
opposition must consider how to respond
to maduras proposal for a meager
election if they boycott that they risk
losing the National Assembly which is
the only branch of government
Maduro does not control Maryana hond
al jazeera
