okay songyang young occupies a special
place in Korean history you might say
it's his birthright but he wasn't even
aware of the unique circumstances
regarding his start in life until his
late 40s they were couldn't pay sonata
all I knew before then I was that I was
born on the ship I almost died but it
was safe it was December 1950 six months
into the Korean War there was a refugee
catastrophe in the making in Hungnam
North Korea after being surrounded
American and South Korean troops were
forced to retreat by sea an estimated
100,000 North Koreans followed desperate
to escape the violence over the next two
weeks about 90 ships would transport the
refugees on board one of those ships
five babies were born in a dark airless
standing-room-only cargo hold Sohn was
the first the babies would become known
as the kimchi five it is the largest
amphibious evacuation of civilians under
combat conditions in American history
and it's unheard of even in war people
can and do listen to their better angels
during the chaos of the escape sons
parents left his brother and sister
behind to stay with an uncle they never
realized the separation would become
permanent son says his parents cried
every day until their deaths watching
that my heart was torn apart I wanted to
meet my siblings I used to wonder why
this happened to my family when other
families could live in peace when the
South Korean Olympic Committee selected
son to become a special volunteer during
the Pyeongchang Olympics this time he
would witness history at an arm's length
he was in the VIP area during the
opening ceremony just a few meters away
was Kim Jong Un's sister kim yo-jong the
first member of the north korean ruling
family to step foot on South Korea
in soil since the war when I saw the
North Korean delegation I felt nostalgic
about my home and wondered what it would
be like to visit North Korea son has no
idea if his siblings are alive but he
hopes he can fulfill his father's dying
wish
scrawled on his baby photo to travel to
the north find his brother and sister
and finally unite the family separated
so painfully almost 68 years ago Natacha
guy named al jazeera soul
