as the Sun rises over tier vacis cliff
dam Cape Town's main water resource has
never been so low in January South
Africans were warned day zero would come
on April 12th the day captain would run
dry but their prophesy looks unlikely to
come true water restrictions appear to
be working
residents are sticking to the daily
limit of 50 liters per person per day
deemed the minimum needed for survival
business owners are changing the way
they operate South Africans have nudged
a zero out another three months to July
we've made a massive effort in trying to
use as little as possible so washing up
things so really really low we don't
refill them often we use it consciously
and mindfully one entrepreneur has
opened an eco-friendly car wash swapping
water for a chemical that can remove
dirt the cost of wasted water will not
be tolerated police officers visited car
washes in Cape Town on Wednesday and
Court 11 using municipal water they were
all slapped with $250 fines others are
worried about how costly the crisis
could be to their bottom line the bad
part of it is I might just need to cut
stop I need to think about that very I
want to create more for people but if
that happens it's gonna be out of my
and control reservoirs haven't been full
for more than three years because of an
enduring drought now the city is digging
into alternative options like the
aquifers that lie beneath Tavares Kloof
Table Mountain and hundreds of
kilometers up the west coast
many of them are inland and extracting
water from them will not cause sea water
intrusion they've also been helped by
farmers releasing ten billion litres of
water from private reserves for the
public to use Cape Town's four million
people just need to maintain
restrictions until winter when rain will
hopefully arrive to avoid becoming the
world's first city to turn off the taps
Charlotte Bellis al Jazeera
