Britain is more than two years into the
painful process of negotiating its way
out of the European Union and the media
angle to this story is no mere sideshow
when the II used justice Commissioner
Vera you dov'Ã¨ said this past week that
the news media can sow divisions spread
disinformation and encourage exclusion
she said that the brexit debate is the
best example of that many of Britain's
papers especially the tabloids like the
Sun and the Daily Mail are playing an
outsized role stoking the political
flames pushing their pro leave agendas
in fact the day after the EU rejected
Prime Minister Teresa Mays brexit
proposal the sun's front page served up
yet another example of that another
reminder of the role it played in the
2016 referendum that landed Britain
where it is today it's not just the
politicians who have a lot to answer for
on this story our starting point this
week is London
four voices on brexit and the UK media
on the leave side a former political
editor at both the Sunday Times and the
Daily Mail papers that want the UK out
of the e as an island we've never been
fully part of the European project on
the remain side a journalist campaigning
for a more reasoned debate on issues
pertaining to the EU British media sees
them as failed and to academics one
studies journalism for the Reuters
Institute much of the newspaper industry
historically has been very skeptical of
Europe the other teaches journalism and
advocates for the reform of the British
media the right-wing press have a lot of
responsibility to bear one of the
curious things about this story is just
how unsurprising it was the political
development and the coverage Prime
Minister Theresa Mays blueprint for
Britain's exodus from the EU the terms
under which the UK would depart did not
even have the support of her own party
at what point it was decided that breaks
it means remain let alone the opposition
had EU officials somehow agreed to May's
proposal that would have been real news
but they didn't about the only people
surprised by that or who feigned a
surprise with a little outrage thrown in
was Britain's Pro brexit tabloid press
what a great headline that was yes this
language is emotive but this is a
tabloid paper it is a red-blooded
tabloid designed for red-blooded readers
who have strong views on where we are
going with the brexit negotiation I
think some readers look for that full
throttle coverage the Sun is not a
newspaper that is on the one hand on the
other the Sun is a newspaper that takes
its position and goes for it to see that
such an important
fragile delicate moment can be used by
the media to whip up really what is
essentially hate that was extremely
extremely dangerous today in the current
situation in which we have a country
profoundly divided to use a kind of
rhetoric it's completely responsible the
sort of language that talks about
two-bit mobsters of the European Union
reflects a discourse that's been going
on around coverage of the EU for the
last two decades it's always been about
the contest between the UK and the EU
rather than a more collaborative
relationship so that's been based on a
lot of conflictual understandings and
sometimes downright lies but it fits a
discourse around this idea of the EU
being a very bullying and nannying
construct that is taking away powers
from the UK but who is really bullying
whom the European Union takes issue with
the kind of coverage it gets in many of
its member states Brussels has become
kind of a journalistic shorthand for a
political body many European media
outlets depict as remote out-of-touch
and overly bureaucratic which is why
this past week when the --use justice
commissioner spoke of news outlets that
are divisive exclusionary and dealing in
misinformation she made it clear she
wasn't just talking about the media in
the UK almost daily we could find
examples of stories what she did say was
that the British press has produced some
of the most divisive EU coverage sadly I
don't think that would have any kind of
effect in Britain because it seems that
anything that comes from Europe at the
moment is mostly distorted and turned on
its head
this is a consequence of the
transformation of the media
because there is no incentive especially
in a landscape which is extremely
competitive in being the ones who foster
dialogue and harmony dialogue and
harmony doesn't pile up click clicks on
the net well I don't think anyone in the
British media is going to take lessons
from anyone in Brussels over the
rhetoric and the kind of demeanor of the
debate
it's hardly as if the EU and its
officials are entirely guilt free in
this dialogue clearly we don't want it
to become more hateful or hate-filled
but it's not a problem for it to be
colorful for it to be passionate because
you know what people are really fired up
about this which begs the following
questions if the British really are that
fired up about the EU and brexit how did
they get that way and are the newspapers
the tabloids in particular reporting on
the public mood or are they producing it
the referendum result in 2016 was close
52% in favor of leaving 248 at the time
Pro leave papers were far more numerous
and more widely read 73% of the
newspaper sold in the UK favored brexit
only 27% of the papers sold opposed the
country was evenly split the newspapers
were not reflecting the views of their
owners who are mostly conservative as
opposed to their readers media analysts
describe those papers as euro sceptical
what they really are is euro hostile a
term that also applies to Boris Johnson
a politician who has seen the EU story
from both sides the Conservative MP and
former cabinet minister campaigned hard
for brexit making dubious claims to
journalists about simple solutions that
have since proven untrue to Brussels
some of which is spent on Spanish
bullfighting Johnson used to be a
journalist although not a very good one
in the late 1980s he was fired by the
Times of London for making up quotes
then hired by the Daily Telegraph and
assigned to Brussels to
for the EU it was there that Johnson
honed his anti-eu messaging developing a
style of coverage that was later
emulated by other British journalists
Boris Johnson did not invent the current
form of coverage of the European Union
that we see in the British medium but he
is a good symbol often in a way that as
a journalist he had a keen eye for the
sort of quite engaging often funny and
occasionally misleading while write
false a story about seemingly quirky
forms of European legislation or
regulation around food you know curved
bananas and the like but it's only
partly about the media it's also very
much about politics and of course Boris
Johnson made the journey from being a
journalist to being a commentator and to
being now a very prominent conservative
politician and he was very well known
for not showing up at the press
conferences and then going to the office
and making it up whatever he thought was
funny or hilarious to ridicule day.you
someone who has been responsible for
that kind of disinformation lies and
irresponsible journalism then handed up
but you benefited from it politically
the probe rocks the press in the UK does
not limit its antagonism to the EU two
years ago when a British Court ruled
that Parliament had the constitutional
right to have the last say on brexit the
Daily Mail declared the judges involved
enemies of the people and reported that
one of them was openly gay the Daily
Mail is one of the country's biggest
selling newspapers it's a good deal more
popular than it is trustworthy which is
not as contradictory as it may appear
popularity and Trust it's not the same
thing and this is really clear when you
look at the trust scores of individual
tabloid rants and lots of people really
like the Daily Mail I really like the
Sun for lots of reasons they find it
funny they find it something that sort
of you know gets their blood pressure up
but it's not necessarily something they
consider particularly trustworthy source
of information trust in all news
organisations it's dropping its dropping
most for the tabloid press that
true people no longer know who to trust
and it's largely to do with media
release and political elites and the
entanglement of power between media
elites and political elites makes them
even more distrusted because people know
that they work together and that that's
where power resides
