a meeting with the president dominated
by emotions and raw pain I'm very angry
that this happened because it keeps
happening 9/11 happened once and they
fix everything how many schools how many
children have to get shot that stops
here with this administration and me
this man's daughter was shot nine times
at Stoneman Douglas High School in
Florida last week this student lost his
friend I turned 18 the day after woke up
to the news that my best friend was gone
and I don't understand why I could still
go in a store and buy a weapon of war
described as a listening session by the
White House Trump
joined by his vice president and
Secretary of Education said all ideas to
prevent future school shootings are on
the table that includes arming teachers
an attack has lasted on average about
three minutes it takes five to eight
minutes for responders for the police to
come in so the TAC is over if you had a
teacher with who was adept at firearms
they could very well end the attack very
quickly the students and parents invited
to meet the president were hand-picked
by the administration some said security
and better mental health should be main
priorities but outside the White House
students who continue their protest
Wednesday were united in their
opposition to guns we will continue to
try to get gun legislation passed until
Congress listens to us
Trump said during his meeting with
shooting survivors that this was no
longer the time for just talk as in the
past but elected by a pro-gun base and
backed by the powerful gun lobby it
remains to be seen just how far Trump
will go to bring meaningful reform Heidi
Joe Castro al Jazeera Washington
