running out of water they're calling it
day zero cities like Cape Town and
Nairobi assumed to go dry and thirsty
years of droughts and bad planning so
why haven't governments done more to
prevent this catastrophe is the Golden
Age of water now over this is Inside
Story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Peter Dhabi climate change human action
and a growing population are increasing
the chances of a global water crisis
that's what experts have long been
warning about over a billion people lack
access to clean drinking water and the
UN predicts a global 40% water deficit
by the year 2030 South Africa's Cape
Town for example could become the
world's first major city to run out of
water literally much of the city and the
rest of the country's water flows from
neighboring Lesotho and the next water
crisis could be looming there South
Africa has been plagued by a prolonged
drought for three years Cape Town is the
hardest hit it's dams are at less than
25 percent full the city is warning it
could reach what is calling de zero
that's when the dams drop below safe
levels and the taps have to be shot off
the government has declared the
situation a national disaster and has
limited residents to using 50 litres of
water per person per day well Kenya is
also dealing with its own water crisis
after a prolonged dry spell there it
hasn't rained in many parts of this East
African country since October of last
year
experts attribute that to climate change
that's not only affected water supplies
but also food production now several
areas including the capital Nairobi are
facing an acute water shortage many
people haven't even had running water
through their taps for months and
they've had to resort to buying from
vendors at high prices now before we go
to our guests al-jazeera's
meteorologists Richard Angwin explains
now how weather and climate change both
play a key role in this crisis well
geographically of course Nairobi in
Kenya and Cape Town in South Africa are
miles and miles apart the same goes to
the climatic zones but they have a
couple of things in common
growing populations and a growing demand
for water exacerbated by changing
weather patterns if we take Cape Town
first of all there's no doubt that the
city has been experiencing a really
severe drought over the last three to
four years in fact if we have a look at
this little graph the driest years on
record going back nearly a century 20 17
fifteen and twenty sixteen so certainly
its lack of water which is partly
responsible for the city's problems in
Kenya as far as Nairobi's concerned I
can't find much to indicate changes in
precipitation patterns but what there is
evidence for is that a warming world is
resulting in generally higher
temperatures which means more
evaporation which in turn means a
greater demand for water to supply crops
and I think for both cities the problems
are likely to continue in a warming
world okay let's bring in our guests
today joining us from Cape Town on skype
Neil Armitage deputy director of future
water a Research Institute devoted to
water at the University of Cape Town in
London David Ticknor chief fresh water
advisor at the World Wide Fund for
Nature and in Nairobi also on skype
Alex OEt director of the East Africa
Institute of the a gokarna University
welcome to you all Neil Armitage in Cape
Town how bad is this going to get well
how bad is it going to get that's the
big question what we've had is three
years of well below average rainfall
including the two triose tiers on record
so cumulatively
that amounts to something like one in a
500 or one in a thousand year drought
something completely beyond what anyone
had anticipated we are now about two
months away from the expected beginning
of the rainy season and at this stage we
of course have no idea how good the
rainy season will be we might have a
good one who might have a bad one David
think that in London I'm assuming here
this will have a major impact on
agriculture and industry give us a sense
of how bad that might be well Neil is
probably better place to talk about the
details on the south african situation
but generally one of the first sectors
to suffer in drought is often the
agricultural sector and that can have a
major impact on food security that can
have any international repercussions
about a decade or so there was a period
of dry rainfalls I think associated with
an El Nino event a big periodic climatic
shift and that disrupted global food
supply
and we ended up seeing price spikes in
all sorts of international each from a
traded commodities so these things can
have international ramifications Alexei
we tea in Nairobi is that picture
reflected where you are well at the
moment what we have is normal cycles of
dry spell and rainy season so when we're
in the face of right now is with the
middle of the on dry spell but I think
the water scarcity is been excess
exacerbated by poor language management
especially deforestation in the upland
regions that supply most of the major
rivers that supply a reasonable scenario
B so we have an all-time low base flow
which is very critical especially this
time of the year because then the reason
was a running dry I think on the back of
that is also rapid population growth
especially in a row B the cell projected
to require over 1 million cubic meters
of water per day against the supply
capacity of about 600,000 cubic meters a
day but he's also made enormously
complicated by very inefficient
distribution and what articulation
networks and of course a very kind of
supply driven ground and in managing the
demand side there were efficiency and a
household level and basic and studying
of fact that was an extremely scarce
resource and instituting can made you
what our conservation measures would
industry itself you can produce a lot of
some of the water that it needs for a
big non-consumption uses Neil Armitage
let's explore that idea of water
restrictions for a second they seem
pretty draconian around parts of Cape
Town I mean tourists are being told to
live like a local and the locals are not
living well when it comes to using water
have the water restrictions worked or
not exceptionally well and just to back
up a little bit it's not something that
is completely new Cape Town has been
working on what's called water demand
management and increase improving water
efficiency there was a comment I heard
just a moment ago for quite some time
since about 1999 and so it has resulted
in a
drop in unaccounted for water down to
about 15% witches will pass even before
the drought now with the drought of
course they've had to institute these
draconian measures and it can quite
simply be said that is the only thing
that saved us in a saving gas of course
we don't know whether I'm going to be
safe but it's looking reasonable for
this year at any rate so it's it is
about managing to persuade residents in
the first instance but increasingly it
was rolled out to businesses to be ultra
careful about the way they use water and
a lot of of middle class kept onehans
have learned that they can actually live
on relatively small quantity of water
most of most of us I think have now got
into the spirit of things I think my
last month was 39 liters per day for
each of my six members of the household
and it sort of kind of become a bit of a
competition among some Cape Julian's not
necessarily all of course when the
bottom line it all says that of course
what are the population of living
informal settlements where to live off
20 to 25 liters per day is actually the
norm and always has been so I guess it's
a case of middle-class kept aliens or
learning what it's like to be poor david
Ticknor there's clearly a difference
here between I mean contingency planning
and crisis management have government's
either at a national level or a local
level got this totally wrong up to now
because it seems to me that they haven't
actually reacted very quickly to the
warnings that guys like you have been
putting out there for a long time yeah
that's exactly right it's a very good
question WWF quite recently we've been
working with the Chinese government to
review global practice global policy on
drought risk management the Chinese are
exposed to quite a lot of drought risk
themselves and they want to know how to
manage it better and in doing so they
want to learn lessons from around the
world one of the things we found from
that quite comprehensive global review
is that almost everywhere governments
don't prepare particularly good
contingency plans for droughts even
though we know drought can hit pretty
much anywhere so what tends to happen is
that when drought hits there is
very much a sense of it's a crisis we
have to do something quite often there
are panic measures people are
ill-prepared and quite often the most
disadvantaged people in society and
wildlife habitats and biodiversity
they're the first things to suffer so
one of the things we would definitely
like to see a lot more of is better
strategic planning of drought risk and
in particular as the climate is shifting
as population is growing as more people
are living thirsty lifestyles that
better contingency planning is going to
be absolutely critical XO ET in nairobi
is that something that you're seeing
where you are a lack of either national
government planning or local government
planning and people are going to go from
being asked to preserve water or use it
properly to being forced to use water
properly I think this has been a long
time coming it's been long in the making
and it's a crisis that we're basically
sharing if you have time even all kinds
of projections from population growth
projections to land-use change in some
of the upland portions of the major
large and I repeat Beijing to even
climate change projections and nothing
has been done about it
and what we've all the same is
consistently you know every government
of the city and the national government
throughout the last 60 years the parents
basically hearkening to some of you know
half-witted solution things around and
supply but not critically thinking about
demand management and what we've seen is
really I think bizarre investments
around moving water from outlying
regions that also have their own local
water water needs but also again
neglecting major ecological needs that
wanna need to serve in the larger
landscape so we've resorted to things
like inter-basin transfers and created
an enormous controversy in the upland
communities basically looking at
downstream wealthy after it urban
communities is basically consuming
resources they don't produce and yet not
paying a fair price for these things so
again very very similar to what's
happening in South African situation is
that very little forth or has been given
just basically looking at population
level demands and how this changed and
how then you can basically begin to
triangle it supply and demand but also
begin to think about technologically
oriented efficiency mechanisms to just
make better use of the water that we
have rather than come into this kind of
crisis tailspin when it's too late and
you're pushing populations to do things
that they cannot do but bearing in mind
also that even though there's an acute
and chronic water shortage in their OB
almost 70% of we're always population
does not have access to water through a
tap on a pipe in their homes so you
basically talk about 30% of the
population that is and in normal green
reticulation so how about informal
segments people who have never had water
on a regular basis for all time so we
don't even know the depth of the water
crisis that we are staring at because we
just don't collect good data and we're
not planning on all these things going
forward so I think we're on the cusp of
what is going to be the most virulent
and sustained water quite nice in Africa
Alex you're raising some incredibly
strong issues there Neil I'm assuming
here you were nodding there when Alex
was talking about people not having
access to clean water anyway that's an
issue in the townships isn't it in South
Africa where it's standpipes it's
literally a pipe that comes up out of
the ground but access to water is a
human right it's designated by the
United Nations as being a human right
and to pick up on Alex's point about the
wealthy middle class it's almost like a
virtue signaling thing now in South
Africa where the middle class in South
Africa they feel good about themselves
if they obviously haven't washed their
hair today because that means they're
they're saving water one phrase though
that I've come across water augmentation
infrastructure Neil I don't understand
what that means what is that
well it's interesting listening to the
conversation I mean going back a step
about planning and one of the
interesting things that we've seen here
is that the planning was done they the
plans clearly showed that Cape Town
would have could easily survive a 50
year drought which is currently the
benchmark for design
in South Africa for water services and
there was supplementary schemes do to
start to commence construction next year
it what happened was that it wasn't a
fifty year drought it was a 500 year
drought now what it's doing is it's
causing the city to completely
accelerate or come up it's deeper
conversation which we've been involved
with this as an institute about the sort
of the next step in South Africa is a
dry country Cape Town with something of
ecological Island we have sea on two
sides mountains and the East we've got a
desert on the north and so we've already
used up our surface water resources
we're a city of over 4 million growing
at 3 percent per annum weighing next and
I think that the next is is quite
interesting because essentially it's
about the fact that we're going to have
to get water from other sources the
proficiency game we've played for a long
time you've paid for it for 19 years
were very good at it but you can only
get so efficient as the Lord of managing
returns so where's the new water going
to come from and and the bottom line
it's going to come from three places
which are being clearly identified the
first place is going to come from
groundwater but of course you can't just
take our groundwater well you nearly you
have to make sure that your recharge
rates are at least as good as the
mountains checking out and the ways of
doing that artificially as well as
naturally that the second source of
water is about full treatment or a
partial treatment to surge partial
treatment for the secondary users such
as factory floors construction and
lights that the don't need potable water
sensible fitness for purpose water
alternatively treating it completely up
to potable water the city of Windhoek
and Namibia has been successfully doing
that for 50 years a third of their water
supplies in fact heated search efforts
to potable and then the third source
which is the one everybody thinks about
first but actually turns out to be the
most problematic in terms of costs and
environmental damage is the obvious one
a seawater desalination and what the
city is talking about now
talking about the new normal is which is
where we got accept the fact that
there's going to be shocks to the system
we don't know what climate change has in
store for us but we just had a nasty
fright so we must assume the worst so we
need to make sure that I eggs aren't in
one basket that we need to look at
alternative sources of water so we're
looking at these three other alternative
sources and the city's starting to roll
out a program tapping into the aquifer
treating Serge effluent and and some
small-scale desalination plants which
all sort of help spread the risk okay
let's stay with that idea of where next
because water shortage is a global
problem Sao Paulo went through a similar
crisis to Cape Town three years ago at
the time millions of Brazilians had less
than 20 days of water supply left the
southern Indian city of Bangalore is
losing over half of its drinking water
over a lack of proper waste systems
there china has also 7% of the world's
fresh water and pollution is making it
more difficult to have access to usable
water nearly 40 percent of Beijing's
water can't even be used for agriculture
or industrial purposes it is toxic in
Jakarta the illegal practice of digging
wells has drained underground aquifers
while Mexico City imports much of its
water from distant sources a quarter of
his people have running water for just
part of any one day and London gets up
to 80 percent of its water from rivers
but it's pushing close to capacity and
is likely to have supply problems by
2025 David Ticknor in London may be
apocryphal but if you drink tap water in
London we're always told it's gone
through 7 other sets of kidneys before
it gets into your mouth but that's maybe
a slightly different distasteful
conversation do you detect when you look
in on in on this problem David do you
detect blame-shifting amongst different
members of parliament different
responsible ministers I think you're
touching on quite an important issue
there we can always talk about these
water challenges as if they're technical
issues and certainly to an extent they
are and some of the solutions need to be
technical as well whether that's
building new reservoirs or recharging
groundwater
or managing demand through rolling out
water meters for example but
fundamentally a lot of the decisions
which govern how we manage our water who
gets water and who doesn't
whether we over allocate our water
systems or whether we live within our
means a lot of those decisions are
fundamentally political decisions and I
think there is a real challenge now for
world leaders political leaders for
captains of industry as well for that
matter there's time well we need a
grown-up conversation about how
societies how economies live within
their hydrological means if you like
there aren't many parts of the world
where I can really see that conversation
happening
at least not in terms of long term
issues when we get acute situations like
droughts then yes politicians suddenly
talk about water the same can happen
when there are floods by the way and you
get it on the front page of newspapers
but there really aren't that many places
where politicians are having that
grown-up conversation listening to
experts listening to water users and
thinking about those sometimes quite
challenging trade-offs in how we manage
and use our water more sustainably Alex
OEt in Nairobi is this situation already
worse than we think it is because once
the level in the dams gets below 10%
that's the point when they switch off
the taps that's when they stop the
supply going to houses hospitals hotels
places where people need to drink water
so you've actually got less water than
you thought you had as you get towards
that 10% level yeah we exactly in that
situation but I think what is also
important is that we actually don't even
know the real demand in Nairobi for
water so the supply is one thing with
all these constraints but you would
think about is there Headroom at all in
existing water supply kind of context
given the fact that 70% of the
population is not a regular reticulation
a lot of things that are happening or
not happening very haphazardly like for
instance on water harvesting etcetera so
I think we
you're really at a very bad place in
terms of pipe part me because we just
don't understand the enormity of the
problem and then partly we just don't
have the planning and response
capability to basically deal with this
and as you say you know at a point when
the taps have timed off you know major
installations maybe facilities but again
part of it is that let's pay in mind
that this is a minority problem this is
only 30 percent of the population but
basically will will find life looking
very different the rest of the 70
percent basically this is their normal
they don't have water flowing out of
their taps they have to buy water and a
huge cost from informal vendors and I
think that that hugely informal nature
of Nairobi's water system is at the
heart of the problem and then it also
makes it very difficult to really get a
sense of what the real gravity of the
progress and therefore what the optimal
solutions ought to be and the kinds of
conversations that must be held by
politicians but also by households and
again parameters the inequality that
this then creates whose water and for
what and if people sitting in some of
the upland places the supply water here
understand we just the world flush our
toilets they get pretty pretty amazed by
by that level of of difference in
lifestyles and well being understood
briefly Neil because we are heading
towards the last couple minutes of the
program depending upon which model one
reads day zero is April May or July
assume the worst case scenario it's
April what does the government in South
Africa have to do between now and that
first hit at day zero well we've just
been reformed the days there has been
virtually moved on to July which should
be deep enough into a rainy system to
save us but let's hypothetically say
that days there comes about because of a
car no rain or whatever it is so at the
moment the the city is has organised 200
collection points where citizens will be
able to collect water in twenty five
liter containers how was that going to
do to to business and to everything else
says
certain better like I said is beginning
to look as though got it under control
and that the city has been working very
hard together with the Department of
Sanitation with the agricultural boards
because as it was intimated earlier on
it's not just about the city it's about
the surrounding farmlands Western Cape
produces 50 percent or so acres
agricultural exports and so it's about
managing as a whole okay we take nights
well I put one final point to David
Ticknor in London David is the golden
age of water availability coming to an
end in short yes I think it is in many
parts of the world I think this
combination of climate change is is
going to have a big impact on top of
mismanagement of water so we need
governments to get serious about cutting
greenhouse gas emissions to reduce risks
of droughts as well as floods I think in
terms of this golden age of water I
think this idea that we can we can
simply build our way out of water
shortages is it's probably no longer
true in most instances we need to put in
place portfolios of solutions which in
some places might include some more
water storage so that'll help in times
of droughts but but also relies much
more on managing demand on looking after
our land and our wetlands which act as
natural sponges in the landscape and
help us be more resilient and I think as
well we've got to realise that if we
continue polluting and and over
abstracting our rivers and aquifers when
drought does hit that leaves us nowhere
to go so we've got a just day-to-day
take better care of those rivers lakes
aquifers reservoirs on which we all
depend gentlemen the clock has beaten us
as ever I could carry on talking but
unfortunately we can't thank you so much
for your company thanks to all our
guests Neil Armitage David Ticknor and
Alex OEt and thank you to you too for
your company you can see the show again
anytime on the website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion do check out our
Facebook page facebook.com forward slash
AJ Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter at AJ inside
story from me Pete Adobe and everyone on
the Doha team thanks for watching we'll
do it at the same time tomorrow see you
soon
you
