it was months of protests like these
that often turn violent that could free
education on the government's agenda
Tata McKenna took part in protests that
began in 2015 and continued last year
part of the reason the protest happened
that the people who get into the system
are themselves condemned in condemned to
death whether or not they finished
because if you can't pay through your
first year you can't finish a degree you
can't finish a degree you can't get your
job now the government has set aside
five billion dollars to fund free
education phasing in free or subsidized
education over five years the plan
announced in the budget speech targets
poor and working-class households free
education is one of the main priorities
this year South Africa has an
unemployment rate of more than 26
percent there has been a slight
improvement in the past year but what is
of most concern to many here is that
more than a third of people under the
age of 35
don't have jobs the budget speech didn't
however say much about job creation
instead focusing on increasing
government revenue by hiking value-added
tax and cutting spending by eight
billion dollars over three years
government has made significant changes
to the fiscal framework firstly new tech
matches
raise an additional 36 billion rand in
2018 19 mainly through a higher vet rate
and below inflation adjustments to
personal income tax brackets the
government is facing a balancing act and
trying to raise money cuts spending all
the while protecting the poor it's
promising to raise social grants but
also increase the fuel levy making
transport noise
class war here is getting intense now
we've seen this country rise to the
highest level of inequality for wealth
and income in the world and the World
Economic Forum rates our workers the
angriest PricewaterhouseCoopers
regularly rates our businesses as the
most corrupt they have the fifth highest
profit rate in the world South Africa
works to further improve its economy
it is however battling some uncertainty
within its finance department there's
much speculation that the Finance
Minister may be on his way out after
last week's resignation of President
Jacob Zuma
Malusi key Garvie too has been accused
of corruption and outside influence in
government decisions from Adam Ella
al-jazeera Johannesburg
