the buzzword of the conference written
all over the venue opportunity may be in
the air for translating it into reality
another thing altogether and when it
comes to brexit the UK's departure from
the European Union the British prime
minister Theresa May was keen to point
out that her plan the so-called
Checker's deal represented the best
opportunity for an orderly exit I do
believe in brexit but crucially I
believe in delivering brexit in a way
that respects the vote and delivers on
the vote of the British people yet at
the heart of her party the debate still
rages over how to leave the EU lurking
in the foreground the cheerleader for
pro brexit group former foreign minister
Boris Johnson he wants a so-called hard
brexit to leave the EU at any cost in
his latest verbal volley he attacked two
resumes planners preposterous and even
deranged a new low in the discourse and
a sign of just how bitter the quarrel
has become within the party this could
not have been the conference opening
that Prime Minister may had hoped for
the party was supposed to have united
behind her vision for brexit instead it
is more divided than ever with those who
want a more severe divorce from the
European Union fighting her every step
of the way all this prefaced with an
embarrassing data breach the day before
the conference was due to begin an app
recommended to delegates exposing
personal contact details of senior
government ministers and other leading
figures and all the while there are
other voices angry at the government
that brexit itself it was a boat based
on a principle but there was nothing
that behind that walk away from all of
the promises that they made
regretted their decision this is not
what we're on we're being forced down
this route this we really do not want or
need and it will not benefit us in any
way in the future one thing is certain
there are less than six months to go
until brexit the UK is still none the
wiser as to how brexit will happen but
there will be a fight to the bitter end
over which wing of the party will win
out with no guarantee that Prime
Minister May will still be leading the
charge
sonica a go al-jazeera Birmingham
