the impact of the investigation into
alleged Russian interference in the 2016
US election by special counsel robert
muller and whether there was collusion
between Donald Trump's campaign and
Russia is being felt by more people on
Tuesday the US Justice Department again
made headlines announcing the latest
person to be criminally charged in the
probe Alex vanderzwaan a lawyer is
accused of lying to FBI agents about
conversations between himself and a
former Trump adviser Rick gates gates
made news last year when he was indicted
along with president Trump's former
campaign chair Paul Manafort for acting
as unregistered agents of the Ukrainian
government allegedly laundering millions
of payments from Ukraine and evading US
taxes both pled not guilty to the
charges
the latest indictment alleges
vanderzwaan
also worked for the Ukrainians and that
he deleted and otherwise did not produce
emails sought by the special counsels
office at least one email involved Gates
while he was working for the Trump
campaign according to the court
documents these latest charges follow an
indictment by the US Justice Department
against 13 Russian nationals accused of
interfering and undermining the 2016
election according to the Justice
Department Russians organized rallies in
support of Trump and paid for ads online
backing him there is no allegation in
this indictment that any American was a
knowing participant in this illegal
activity Trump has repeatedly denied a
link between his campaign and Russia but
his frustration with the probe is
increasingly evident over the weekend
Trump fired off more than a dozen tweets
about Muller's investigation blaming his
political opponents and once again
declaring his innocence but despite
acknowledging Russia did interfere in
the 2016 US election more than a year
later the Trump administration has done
little to prevent that meddling from
happening again Kimberly Hill kid
al-jazeera
Washington
