President Abbas his presence here was
rare and carefully calculated normally
his ambassador attends this monthly
meeting he came himself to express his
displeasure at the Trump administration
he suggested its decision to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital and to cut
funding to Unruh the UN agency that
helps Palestinians disqualified it from
leading peace efforts instead he
proposed a new approach we call for the
convening of an international peace
conference by mid 2018 based on
international law and relevant UN
resolutions with broad international
participation including the two
concerned parties and regional and
international stakeholders President
Abbas left immediately after his speech
nothing unusual there in terms of UN
protocol he was the only head of state
in a room full of ambassadors and had
another engagement to attend it didn't
stop the Israeli ambassador using it to
score a point I expected mr. Abbas to
stay with us and have a dialogue
unfortunately he's once again running
away the US ambassador came to the
meeting accompanied by the two men
president Trump has tasked with leading
negotiations
Jason Greenblatt and his own son-in-law
Jared Kushner she said President Abbas
had a choice the United States stands
ready to work with the Palestinian
leadership our negotiators are sitting
right behind me ready to talk but we
will not chase after you the choice mr.
president is yours it was a Security
Council session full of drama and
theatrics but the reality is
depressingly familiar this meeting in no
way brings any closer a resolution to a
conflict that's already lasted over 70
years James BAE's al Jazeera of the
United Nations
