Gazza has a new broadcaster from its
title sequence it's unique selling point
is clear women make up the heart of its
content and its intended audience
it's called type TV Tuesday is launch
day and a big moment for its volunteer
presenters we're going to start
discussing women's issues and try to
find solutions for their problems and we
will also celebrate their successes Taif
is going out on Facebook Twitter YouTube
and telegram a local production company
provides its facilities free of charge
the plan is for programming on issues
like inequality and violence but also
fashion makeup and comedy down the
corridor the next pair of presenters are
running through their lines law student
Ruba art Ulla says she's braced for
criticism it was said he society is too
conservative they say I should cover my
hair and I'm using too much makeup and I
shouldn't wear short skirts we need to
increase awareness to change this after
we launched our first promo I received a
lot of negative comments on Facebook a
few minutes later it's time for her
debut just getting to this point hasn't
been easy the production company behind
this project had its launch party
canceled on Sunday by Hamas police so
they didn't have the licenses necessary
for a new channel they are challenging
that saying they are operating legally
and they going to press ahead in Gaza
women have to contend with life under
the Israeli blockade and within a
conservative restrictive society female
unemployment stands at 71% women with
jobs are on average about a quarter less
than men one recent study suggests more
than 10% of females have suffered
physical abuse
a woman isn't free to make her own
decisions to choose her education the
husband she wants or how to plan her
family we see this during our work men
are dominant in political
decision-making despite the fact that
there are lots of well-educated
intellectual women in the public arena
it's a picture those a type TV want to
help change by talking directly and
frankly to Garza's women Harry Fawcett
al Jazeera Gaza
