oxfam senior officials came to
Parliament knowing they were in for a
grilling in the chaotic aftermath of
Haiti's earthquake
how could Oxfam have allowed staff to
take advantage of such vulnerable people
and when it found out why didn't it tell
the public my colleagues at the time
made a set of decisions as to how public
to go not all organizations choose to go
public at all with hindsight they make
the wrong call as to how public to be
they should if we were going to if we
were culpable which we were they should
have been completely transparent
everybody knew that the aid sector was
pretty rotten because it had got all
these people who were abusing women and
girls regularly in all countries but
nobody not one organization was actually
attacking it and doing the thing about
it that's shocking it was supposed to be
people trying to help the world
you should be indeed some people entered
our system who didn't share our values
they abused the trust of Oxfam the power
of Oxfam in their hands they abused the
trust of the British public contribution
that unturned on the very people they
were supposed to protect it's true the
most deeply deeply sorry for that
members of parliament were told that
7,000 people have canceled their regular
donations to Oxfam since this scandal
broke but other British aid
organisations acknowledged there is
nothing unique about Oxfam's failings
the head of Save the Children told the
same committee that sexual abuses in the
aide world not just a few bad apples
it's a systemic problem it's large scale
we have to fix it UK aid I would submit
is is probably the most effective aid in
the world it's the most accountable
the world we cannot afford to allow this
issue to pollute the wider discussion
about the role of the UK in leadership
if the a dries up charities argue then
people in disaster and war zones will
pay the highest price that makes the aid
industry's credibility crisis all the
more tragic
Barnaby Phillips al-jazeera London
