I am something okay I'm molecularly and
you're in the stream now live on YouTube
today living with dementia
we're discusses impacts the efforts to
tackle it and the pioneering
developments helping those affected
dementia can be devastating for those
living with it as well as their family
and friends patients with the illness
face a daily battle to unlock memories
get around and complete routine tasks it
affects millions around the globe and
the numbers are expected to drastically
increase health experts predict dementia
cases to rise particularly quickly in
China India South Asia and the western
Pacific region while the effects are
some forms of dementia can be alleviated
through drug treatments a cure remains
elusive joining us to talk about this
from Maryland Marriott norske a dementia
rights advocate who was also diagnosed
with dementia 12 years ago in Georgia
I'm Laura Jackson a clinical manager
with the dementia virtual tour and
that's a program that stimulates
dementia and used as a resource to train
people in patient care in the UK Michael
home Berger is a professor of applied
dementia research at Norwich Medical
School he also helped design a mobile
game called C heroquest it gathers data
related to the illness and a Switzerland
Tarun Dewar she's a medical officer with
the World Health Organization working in
the field of neurological disorders
hello everybody it's good to have you
here Mary when did you realize that
something was going wrong with your
health you were diagnosed with dementia
12 years ago what were the signs how did
you even know well actually the first
signs were rather nebulous so there were
funny things going on I was remembering
things differently from other people I
didn't forget things I just remembered
different events or different facts and
things that happen differently so that
was kind of strange but it was when I
was teaching at the university that I
especially noticed it when I told the
students that
they needed to turn something in one day
they said no you didn't even give that
assignment so then I started realizing
that 20 students in the classroom knew
something that I didn't sure see what
point do you feel comfortable about
telling people that you have dementia do
you tell them straight away dear wait a
little bit what do you do that's a good
question originally twelve years ago I
wasn't diagnosed with dementia I was
actually diagnosed with multiple
sclerosis and then I was undiagnosed and
then I was read iagnosed with something
else that was wrong and then I was
actually correctly diagnosed again five
years ago so it's only been in the last
five years that I've even been telling
people and the answer is I didn't tell
them right away for the most part
because of the stigma and the responses
that I got were pretty much scary people
would stay away or just kind of tilt
their head and put that really sad look
on their face so I don't usually tell
people right away unless I'm advocating
in a specific setting just like a casual
person on the bus for example I don't
mention it to Mary I'm sure a lot of
people in our online community can
relate to what you're saying and that's
stigma that so many people face Tasneem
here says she's dealing with a member of
her family who is suffering from
dementia and Alzheimer's to be specific
two-seam says my family refused to
consult the doctor for a long time even
though the early symptoms of immediate
memory loss began showing because of
this common belief that dementia is a
natural stage of aging and there's
really nothing that medicines can do so
Michael take us through this this is two
things one knowing and the knowledge
that Alzheimer's is not necessarily
equal to dementia and two is it a
natural part of Aging and is everyone
going to go through it yes I think it's
a great point that you know Alzheimer's
disease is only one type of dementia so
I'm dementia is an umbrella term across
many different diseases and Alzheimer's
disease is the most common form
of dementia and people with Alzheimer's
disease usually have more memory
problems for a long time it was really
thought that people when they age they
would all develop dementia for example
or it would be but just part of normal
aging but now we know of course that
it's a disease which actually develops
only in some people and where certain
proteins in the brain start clumping
together become toxic to the nerve cells
and the nerve cells start dying I want
to show you a graph back here it's the
Alzheimer's disease international globe
and it's showing you there we go how
many people around the world suffer from
Alzheimer's and in the Americas we have
over 9 million 10 million in Europe 4
million in Africa 22 million in Asia
tarun this is a widespread issue this
isn't and that's just outside us it's
not in any other complications from
dementia do we understand it well enough
right now in terms of what this means
for the global population I think that's
a very important point that you raise
the number of people affected by
dementia and actually if you look at the
map in 2017 the numbers have climbed up
from 45 million to 50 million so there
are every year more cases of dementia
and if you think about there is actually
one case every three seconds so if I
count as 1,001 1,002 1,003 there is a
new case of dementia and what it means
it means that if we think about these
numbers which are 50 million today by
2050 this is going to triple so we are
talking about a burden of 150 million
people living with dementia now one
misconception that we have is that
dementia is a problem in high-income
countries which is not true it's a
problem all over the world and there you
graph sure that it's a problem in Africa
it's a problem in Asia it's a problem in
low and middle income countries so thus
meaning that it requires an economic
response and
the third point to remember is that it's
enjoyment button it's a global problem
is the economic impact so if you look at
the billions of dollars lost you to
dementia it's more than eight hundred
billion and by 2030 it's going to be
more than two trillion dollars so really
it requires a coordinated response and
that has to happen today by all of us
know one of the main things that you do
is actually teach people how to care for
people with dementia if this is
happening in your family you're watching
this program and you're thinking I think
that might be a member of my family what
would you advise people to do what what
should they be doing well the first
thing is to get some good information
and though you can do of course web
searches but you're going to get a whole
plethora of information I would say if
somebody suspects that there's a problem
see your health care provider because
there's there are many things that that
can mimic dementia that are things that
we can resolve but either way the the
sooner that an issue is addressed the
more we can do for that individual so I
would say the first the first step is
definitely you know see that healthcare
provider get evaluate and find out
what's going on and then if there is
dementia issue then look to your local
resource agencies and see what it is
that they have that they can provide if
you can't find anything locally there's
agencies at the national level in most
countries that can provide a place to
start getting information about the
disease process so I'm gonna complicate
that just a little bit here because we
got so many stories from people who are
caring for their loved ones with a
dementia this is one from Yvonne she
sent us a video comment out of
Pennsylvania and here's her specific
story my mother is a Dominican immigrant
and she has Alzheimer's disease and it's
really difficult for anyone across all
color lines who has this disease
recently my mother had to be placed in a
nursing home and that was one of the
most difficult things I've ever done
my life and the support it's just not
there the information it's not there
it's not culturally sensitive it's not
taking into account my mother's
background and her experiences it's it's
it's like a one size fits all but the
one size is a size for white people
similar I could see you nodding there as
she was talking about this being a
one-size-fits-all solution that of
course then doesn't fit everyone
right right one of the things that we do
and second wind Dreams is number one
we're trying to change the perception of
aging and what it's like for people with
dementia but one of the things that we
have our trainers all across the country
and in several other countries that are
working in environments such as nursing
homes and assisted livings and home
health hospice all kinds of things and
working to help change those parameters
so that they are more culturally
sensitive they're more sensitive to what
it's like for folks who have dementia
and so we're trying we're not you know
we can't be everywhere but we are trying
so I think if that's that's a concern in
your need isn't getting met please feel
free to you're welcome to get in touch
with us and we'll see if we can't help
problem solve some of those those issues
with with you know one of the things
that you and your team actually does is
you you create a dimensional virtual
tour so caregivers potential caregivers
can work out what is it like to have
dementia so there's empathy there one of
our reporters from al-jazeera his name
is Tom Ackerman he took this dimensional
virtual tour here's a little clip of his
report have a look so to follow simple
instructions but the eyeglasses gloves
headphones and shoe inserts the women
have to wear make the tasks they're
given almost as disorienting as for a
person disabled by the disease what's
happening difficult and even startling
as I myself discovered by taking the
virtual dementia tours
fire-engine where do I go I was
surprised at how how uneasy and just
anxious I felt because I know it's for
pretend I know it's not real but yet
just being in there I still felt that
anxiety maybe you must understand this
lack of empathy the way that people who
have dementia are treated can you spell
it out for us be very candid candid well
I can't say that at all people are
lacking in empathy because a lot of
people have gone through other similar
types of situations and you've ever been
immobilized for a certain reason or if
you lost your hearing or if you've lost
one of your other senses so there are
similarities that some people have gone
through but the problem with dementia is
that it's an invisible disability and
according to the Convention on the
Rights of persons with disabilities from
the United Nations we have certain
rights certain human rights and these
still must be met the problem is when we
try to have them met or when we ask that
they be met but there are a number of
government agencies or other types of
service providers that sometimes don't
believe that we even have a condition
and we don't have the dementia for
example if I can still be articulate
they say oh well you're fine or if I can
pass certain exams they say well you're
still doing about average that should
good enough so I find that there's a an
almost prejudice against certain people
and it's not necessarily an emotional
lack of empathy although I'm sure that
happens also here's a one story that I
wanted to share this is from Testim Eve
on Twitter she says my mom is taking
care of my gran who is an Alzheimer's
patient and it's been depressing to see
how it's draining my mom physically and
emotionally the thing that it is it's
one long sad story with no gratifying
moments she goes on to say my
grandmother doesn't do well with anyone
else so my mom unfortunately can't take
a
from looking after her I think with my
mom and other caretakers need is more
emotional support from the community so
Michael I know that you told our
producers ahead of the show and Tessa
Nima's is writing us from India that you
often work with people around the world
who have some misconceptions about what
dementia is how do you address that
challenge
yes it's very difficult and especially
in countries where maybe it's not yet
accepted to be a real disease but seen
as normal part of normal aging it can be
very challenging for the families to
accept it that is really a disease
happening so we work with people not
only because most research I guess and
most agnostics is always in Western you
know Western Europe and North America
has been very strong always but really
developing countries have been very
often overlooked so we work for example
with people in India or Brazil where
we're looking at for example patients
who have very low education illiterate
how do they get a diagnosis how are they
taking care of which can be really
really challenging and looking at those
symptoms we see there are a lot of
similarities of course between people
but there's also these countries
specific social and cultural issues
which you need to take into account what
we heard already before this kind of how
do you take the person's background into
account how educators there are how
which culture they're coming from what
kind of family values they have can be
really really challenging in a way then
to support them the best way you can or
even even diagnose them what were you
going to say dad yeah so I was going to
add on you know I think the thing that
Michael mentioned above the community
attitudes and these are major major
issues in especially in developing
countries the myths that surround and
very often you would see that the human
rights are violated people with dementia
might be tired or they they may not be
able to go out so the issues of social
isolation they they come in so and in
addition what also happens is that many
of these low and middle-income countries
in developing world we do not have a
response so for
example if you look at the number of
countries which have a dementia policy
or a strategy most of them these are in
high-income countries so if there are 30
odd countries today with the National
dementia policy 27:28 are the
high-income countries and there are only
couple of countries from the developing
world that have thought about that that
response so really what we need is one
changing the attitudes of the people so
raising the awareness and understanding
about dementia at a community level and
then strengthening our systems I think
what we heard earlier that we don't have
services that are tailored to the needs
of the people and I think that's
extremely important and it requires
investment from countries from the
government's and we required that
response across all the three levels if
we want to see that every people with
dementia are their caregivers their
families receive the care and support
that is required right now there's some
very interesting pioneering research
going on and some very interesting
policies let me show you a place called
Hager vay it is in the Netherlands it is
a village everybody in this village
apart from the carers has dementia
have a look started with our vision a
normal life for people with severe
dementia
people have the same norms failures day
rhythm so we have less behavior problems
more important the resident feels more
at home they are free so they can do
anything that they want but we're the
safety it's another way of thinking you
cannot prevent everything but you can
work on quality of life and have fun the
feeling that you give is the feeling
that there but people will respond I
really find it a special place it's a
it's a different place I think it's
possible to have a comfortable so we got
this comment from Derek Fisher who is a
dementia advocate on Twitter and he
knows very well about that village and
he writes for those with dementia who
are living there it offers freedom of
choice it emulates life as an everyday
situation people are treated with ask
people and they're treated with dignity
it does not have a care home feel and it
has a wonderfully structured open way of
life but we got these comments as well
about the village this is dementia
Nigeria and there are a blog dealing
with people who have to care with people
suffering from dementia they write I've
heard about it but financially unviable
in our third-world country I'm afraid
another person also writes in something
similar roof says it heard a little
about it but are they financially
feasible for every family so Melora the
finances is something that a lot of
people are picking up on and they know
that there are options out there but
they wonder if they will be able to suit
families who may not have those means
yeah and there's a there's you know a
lot that we can do I think as caregivers
regardless of finances so you know a
place like that is wonderful there are
some places where the nightshift wears
pajamas rather than traditional clothes
so that it helps that people realize
that it's nighttime and it makes it much
more comfortable there's all kinds of
different innovative things here and
there
we need to come up with a way as a world
culture to be more focused on the
person-centered care and I think the
individual person whether it's they've
got means or not can work towards
providing person-centered care by one
getting a little bit of awareness and
understanding and empathy but also
focusing on the choices and and focusing
on what that individual with dementia is
still able to do and in celebrating that
rather than focusing on on all of their
deficits of course you have to make
accommodations for things but I think
that's something that any care long-term
care situation whether it's the
equivalent of a nursing home or assisted
living or if it's not in somebody's home
or a small group homes living situation
they may not have all those fancy bells
and whistles but they certainly can look
at making offering simple choices and
and learning some basic ways to approach
people to make it more comfortable and
and easier and more user friendly for
that person with dementia Michael you
and your partner came up with something
a little bit fancy and that was a game
like a gaming ad how does that fit into
treatment or care it's called C hero I'm
gonna play a little clip but would you
explain how it works before we see it
yes so basically we developed a game
which is really much more bad that
people don't know that you can
potentially prevent a lot of dementia
yes as long as you early enough identify
people and that's really a challenge at
the moment where we're mostly looking at
memory when people have memory deficits
and what we're thinking is that people
have very very subtle navigation change
as long before they have memory problems
but to measure them is quite difficult
so we developed this game which really
measures navigation in in healthy people
and in patients as well to see how
they're navigating to potentially then
have them diagnosed much earlier and
then hopefully treat them all so much
right Michael that's to see a little bit
of that see heroquest I've look
marry just having you on the stream
today it's an education for me for sure
how would you explain to our viewers how
you navigate your life how do you work
around your dementia because it's a
slowly progressive condition and because
people are fundamentally resilient and
very normally are able to adapt to new
situations
I've been compensating subconsciously
for many many years when you forget
something regularly you start to write
it down when you pick up the wrong thing
from time to time you you make sure that
the right thing is in the right place or
but but in general you have to think
about the way you think and and it's
something that anybody who has ever had
to teach naturally does because before
you can teach something to someone else
you have to think about how someone
learns it so basically I think that's
what I've been doing I've been thinking
about the way that I thought how I used
to do things because it was so natural
like it didn't even occur to me it was
almost automatic so now I have to think
about it how I go about things and set
things up so that it is possible for me
to still accomplish what I want to
accomplish because I have goals and I
still intend to accomplish those goals
as long as I can and many of those goals
are much different from the ones I used
to have but I'm still able to do it
because I'm still able to understand a
lot of the processes this is not
possible for people with much more
advanced dementia but they can still
learn and that's a big thing to really
understand is that just because certain
parts of our brain have been damaged
other parts are still functioning we can
relearn things so that's what I'd like
to be able to do so we got this question
via YouTube as Sean says how can I
spread
Ernest about dementia in my region
there's an answer from Jahangir be open
to behavioral changes be patient and be
simple so thank you very much - I guess
we've got Mary Emma Laura and Tarun and
Michael it's been an education having
you on the program we really appreciate
your knowledge and your thoughts and
your experiences our conversation
continues always online Malika and I
will see you on Twitter
actually I get a day stream thanks for
watching
you
