the world is failing its newborns that's
the warning today from UNICEF in a
report that says the death of babies
globally is alarmingly high
so can child mortality be reduced and if
so how this is inside story
hello again welcome to the program I'm
Peter Dobie at least 7,000 infants die
every day mostly from preventable causes
that's according to a report by UNICEF
the found babies born in some of the
poorest countries are significantly more
likely to die countries such as Pakistan
Somalia Central African Republic
Afghanistan and Lesotho have the highest
rates of newborn deaths we'll examine
the reasons with our guests in a moment
but first this report from MTS taya this
is one of the busiest maternity wards in
the Pakistani capital Islamabad several
babies are born here every day but the
odds of survival for infants across
Pakistan is some of the worst in the
world according to un children's charity
UNICEF one in twenty two died within
their first month of life the mothers
don't have access tool to the hospital
they don't have access to the trained
birth attendants the mothers are
malnourished they are anemic and there
is a lack of awareness among the masses
who will take a mother to the hospital
or a health care provider at the time of
the delivery the situation globally
isn't much better every year more than
two and a half million babies die before
turning one month old 1 million of them
take their first and last breaths on the
day they are born
another 2.6 million are stillborn
Central African Republic Afghanistan
Somalia and Lesotho round out the top
five nations were infants struggle to
stay alive there has been some success
in reducing child deaths the number
dying before their fifth birthday has
halved over the past twenty five years
but according to the UN millions more
could be saved if mothers and babies
have access to affordable quality health
care good nutrition and clean water some
of the government's actually that are
worst off spend less than 1% of the
gross domestic product on health care
and the National recommendation is to
spend at least 5 percent if you couple
that with training competent health
workers giving them a chance to wash
their hands as they was step in to
deliver babies and having basic
equipment drugs getting breastfeeding
going within an hour and sending girls
to school
I think it's within within reach of all
governments to do that babies born in
countries across sub-saharan Africa
often face the toughest odds that's
mainly because pregnant women are less
likely to receive assistance during
delivery
MPs time al-jazeera ok let's get going
let's bring in our guests in Karachi dr.
Shara Siad founder of the Pakistan
National Forum on women's health and in
New York also on skype dr. will about
Zac head of UNICEF global maternal and
child health program welcome to inside
story show so see at first why is this
figure in Pakistan so very high well
unfortunately in Pakistan the very high
rate of poverty illiteracy and the
government's failure to provide basic
health care is the main reason that we
have all this higher mortality in every
every area
bulla bans AK in New York how many of
these deaths are actually preventable
yes I think that there is quite a
substantial number of deaths preventable
among newborn deaths and it is simple
interventions that can make a difference
although we have many newborns that
might be sophisticated care but what we
have estimated in our report is globally
every country would do the major effort
that is needed and we could save 16
million newborns by 2030 sure society in
Karachi this is not explicitly linked in
Pakistan to income level are the other
factors that we need to be aware of as
well well I I mean if you know that in
Pakistan we have more than 50 percent of
the population living below poverty
level
yesterday I was operating in one small
Hospital just 60 160 miles away from
Karachi in Katy bundle and 14 patient I
operated all of them are having
hemoglobin less than about nine and they
are all malnourished but we have to
operate them because they are all having
prolapsed uterus because of the multiple
pregnancies and they have these multiple
pregnancies because of the very high
neonatal mortality rate you know so it's
all interlinked but the main thing is
that if you are poor you are going to
have all this problem poverty is the
biggest course which we are suffering
from and especially the majority of the
our population and it is the woman who
are the main sufferer and if the woman
is poor and she's not able to provide
anything to her children then that's the
way it happened
dr. sec if you're born in singapore
iceland or japan chances are you'll do
very well in those first crucial
crucially important few days of life
what is it those countries are doing
right that other countries might learn
from it is absolutely true that there is
more funding available and of course
these are high-income countries with
different founder budgets and the
poverty levels are lower but I think
there are things an intervention that we
can learn learn from first of all for
sure the policy and the political
commitment that we have in those
countries and then also on a very
decentralized district and hospital
level Japan has for instance introduced
a motto newborn health book which is
basically a record a track record of how
the mother and the newborn is your doing
during pregnancy during childbirth and a
post natal period and then of course it
is also the quality of care that is a
very big concern that has been addressed
in those countries and I think also here
we can learn because we know that you
know if the quality is good of a certain
health service then women will come back
and also bring their new ones back so if
the quality is poor or if there's not
enough supplies in a hospital for
instance because of stock-outs then
women will not come back and so this is
a it's a vicious cycle actually okay
political commitment that sounds like
shorthand for making sure the presidents
and prime ministers that Home
Secretary's home ministers do
they should be doing when it comes to
healthcare how do you see that role of
those individual people changing because
presumably it needs to be driven by an
individual I think it is not only on
national level it's also very important
that the political commitment is there
on district level or on and on a
province level so it's really through
all throughout the whole of the whole
system and I think the commitment is
there in many countries and what we also
see is that some countries especially
those who are stepping up into middle
income status nowadays that there's more
funding available but what we also see
is that funding alone doesn't make the
difference it's not about the money
only it's also to put the money smart
and also every as we heard just now
before it is empowerment of women we
know that educated women or women who
are educated and empowered have our face
layer lower mortality rates with you
know within their own population but
also for newborns so it's it's a
multi-layer problem but certainly
poverty is the the underlying issue of
course but it's also about how to put
funding smart in a smart way in an
investor in a smart way
with political way understood dr. Siyad
in Karachi we could also turn these
figures from UNICEF around and say
they're actually good news in as much as
the mortality rate for newborns is down
by 49 percent but the mortality rate for
newborns up to five years old there's
been even more progress there are they
caused by the same factors are the
issues and the problems the same for
newborns as for those little children up
to being five years old well before I
answer this question I just want to
mention one more thing the countries you
mentioned like Japan or Iceland remember
one thing all these countries has
empowered woman you know women's status
is very important in our country
especially Pakistan woman has no value
in the society and if the woman has no
value in the society then we don't want
to save the woman major most of the
human just dying during pregnancy as a
maternal death and
a woman and a girl child doesn't matter
then how in how you can prevent new Nate
when a woman is coming in the in the
hospital with the hemoglobin of four or
five and six that's the routine so come
back to this figure in Pakistan I mean
compared to Japan where one in eleven
thousand babies are dying in Pakistan
one in twenty two we baby is dying so
that's too much and as a as it is
mentioned that it is the poverty which
has the main reasons for the for the
death of the noon units
dr. sec some of the solutions to this
particular huge problem quite
old-fashioned reassuring the
old-fashioned i guess it comes down to
skin-to-skin contact between mother and
baby within the first 60 minutes of life
literally
and also breastfeeding so that bond is
made so the immunity system of the child
is improved from the get-go and that
doesn't cost anything that's that's free
medical care if you will at point of
delivery absolutely and so it's really
simple interventions that are the first
line they are not a magic silver bullet
point bullets but they are very
important interventions that can help at
least a big proportion of the newborns
to survive it is about skin to skin
which means the baby is put on the Tommy
of the mother and when it is born and
breastfeeding is started in the cloth
should be wrapped around the baby so
it's being kept warm what we you see in
some countries is that there are some
miss believes or some miss behaviors if
you want that newborns are being fed
with coffee or with water sometimes and
there it is very important that we again
empower women and educate them what to
do and how to deal with with those
newborns and what to do with them and
that's why we also believe that post
natal care which means that the care
after delivery for the newborn even at
home or at the hospital whether the
newborn is staying with the mother is
crucial so that the newborn can survive
but we also have to see that we have
sophisticated cases where very
complicated cases where is very simple
interventions do not work and
simply more one example is for instance
baby that are born too soon we call them
a premature baby doctor side
in Karachi you're talking about employee
empowering women and educating women is
it also about educating the whole family
particularly the male figures the father
figures literally within the family unit
adopting a holistic attitude because
occurs to me some of these countries may
be the men folk have a very distinct
attitude towards women and childbirth
and that's something that women and
childbirth
they do that on their own the men maybe
don't get involved in that but if the
men did get involved in that more there
would be a that would inculcate a
healthier atmosphere surrounding the
whole process well you are a hundred
percent right that is it is important to
educate every member of the family but
in our experience we are in true in a
big way we are training midwives in
Pakistan and we feel that when you when
you when you educate a woman a girl in
the in the in the house she will take
care of all the younger brothers and
sister but if you educate a man men is
is not going to give that kind of input
what educated girl does so I I think in
Pakistan or any country like Pakistan
it's very important to educate girl
child and the woman it is more important
to educate them than the than the boys
in in the in a in the in the family and
we have seen in the family when like a
poor population like an orangey and
chironji and shambhala busty and landy
these places when you educate a girl
child she she is really good for the
whole family so I think if there is
limited resources and money has to go
somewhere I will go for the gut
education of the girl child and the
woman
well we always talk about she's very
dying in foreign countries because of
poverty and a lack of well trained
health workers but what's the situation
like in the developed world well take
Norway for example where for every six
hundred and sixty-seven children who are
born one of them will die while in low
income countries that figure is nearly
10 times higher in Cyprus the situation
is even better with just one death for
seven
and 14 infants being born but in Japan
as we've been hearing newborns for the
best chance of survival anyplace in the
world there's just one death fee nearly
twelve hundred births let's take it back
to dr. Willa band
Zek in New York just looking at the
bigger picture for us one would assume
say an incredibly prosperous country
like the United States would be in the
top ten it comes in at forty first so
it's not doing very well so that's
questions of health care at point of
delivery health insurance I guess might
be an issue there and also income
inequality across the country and yet if
we go to another country like say Rwanda
they've done very well despite being
associated with with conflicts and
poverty over the past what 15 or 20
years but how is Rwanda done it and
managed to cut its figures so
dramatically yes we saw what we see in
the report is that very big countries
like the US can feature very huge equity
gaps and if you have equity gaps that
means that you have populations that are
that have not or not the best access to
health services and these pockets of
inequity will then you know contribute
to the overall picture and that's why we
see a lot of you know higher numbers in
big countries I think Rhonda is a very
good example of how a smaller country of
course that we compared to United may a
United States or other countries has
really achieved a lot and I think one of
the major achievements is as yourself
health insurance and also universal
health coverage you Rhonda has really
committed to that and it's also
political will I think that is showing
in Rhonda that you know you can you can
make efforts to that everyone has access
to the health care but as I said it's a
multi-layer complicated system it's
about poverty it's about empowerment of
women the cultural background and also
whether enough funding is available and
in some countries we see also in African
countries that they are going or they
are stepping up to middle-income status
and there we have more funding available
and if it's put in a smart way we can
really help
to reduce death with some among you
Nunez and grandmother doctor Saeed in
Karachi how easy would it be to take say
the model of Rwanda where you've got
strong health care institutions and
graph that model on to other countries
well I give you just one example in in
sim province during the previous chief
minister a militia they did theirs
strengthen the pph AI program
public-private health initiative this is
the program which is initiated to to
provide a hel basic health care in basic
health unit and you see in the program
was not functioning in Karachi and Nawab
Shah and now you can see the difference
in option Karachi and in Karachi and off
shot this basic facility is not
available for the four-day for the young
woman with pregnancy and the neonatal
care and an adult other district this
units are working functioning very well
because the 24 hours midwife midwifery
services are available and this is just
simple simple simple comparison you can
see and the difference what happened
so this is this is the point if the
government emphasize and and I have the
priority to provide the basic health
care the things will change but in our
countries most of the our budgets they
are spending in buying of very very
expensive equipment so the robotic
system MRI and big buildings and these
buildings and these machines are good
for the nameplate but there these are
not good for the patient patient needs
basic and emergency obstacle care basic
new natal care and you need basic health
unit rural health center Toluca Hospital
this kind of thing and we can see the
difference in sin as far as pph is
concerned and that is the very good
model which should be adopted in the
whole country then there is a there is a
chance that we can improve in legs next
five six years dr. sec will come on to
that time scale issue towards the end of
our discussion but if this comes down to
weak institutions conflict either within
the country or in countries bordering
the country and also poverty out of
those three main contributory factors
which one is the
easiest fix I would let's put it that
way the most difficult fix I would say
is conflict conflict is really
associated we have research and evidence
around that conflict insecurity is
really the main driver form of their
high mortality rates amongst mothers
newborns and also the population itself
because the population doesn't have
access to the health care system as it
would normally have and also health
workers are scared to go to work if
there is a insecurity in their area they
would not go to the hospital for work
every day so I think conflict is a main
driver and I think we really have to
acknowledge also that insecurity in
those countries who are ranked and you
know in a low and lower part of this
report are we partly have insecure
security issues and we have to
acknowledge this is a certainly a major
problem in terms of other factors I have
experiences and obstetrician and
gynaecologist in East Africa and even if
there's no insecurities for some women
in on the African continent for instance
it takes days sometimes to reach a
hospital or healthcare center and once
they arrived they exhausted and they of
course don't something cannot receive
the best care because of poverty and
because of our slots of supplies so I
think you know what I want to say is
that in normal situations non-conflict
money insecurity the situation is
already quite alarming or difficult for
mothers in newborn Josiah come up to you
with that particular point that dr. sac
was making there is this just about
access to health care you were using the
word basic a lot in your last answer
it's not expensive health care it's not
MRI machines it's not state-of-the-art
operating theaters it's the most basic
health care but it's caused by not
getting access to that health care yeah
I mean but I am saying basic means clean
water access to the hand-washing you
know very basic basic Health Unit very a
trained Midwife can provide the basic
antenatal care and then we all know that
90% deliveries will be normal deliveries
anyway and in a good skilled Midwife can
deliver a good baby with a basic
neonatal care with this with this
traditional care of you know as you
mentioned touching your skin and
wrapping with the skin I mean these are
the basic care and these these things
work I mean MRI II and and and and the
big huge buildings and this this thing
doesn't work you know in our country we
have robotic surgical system without
without clean water and without a
trained person a trained technician what
the mammogram machine will do if female
technicians not available so what I am
saying the very basic thing activation
of the basic health unit for a provision
of the skilled Midwife for the 90% of
the woman who are going to have normal
delivery and the Treasury and the toluca
hospital and restriction and hospital
for doing simple in a simple
intervention like cesarean section that
will save mother you know I mean this
big machines and big buildings and
bigger roads they don't save mother it
is the it is the right politician with
the heart on the right side they will
they will take care of the woman and the
ending units unfortunately we don't have
the right politician and the right
doctors who have right we have their
heart on the right side so this is the
problem doctor say if we go back to the
bigger countries for a second like the
United States or indeed the continents
say like the European Union is there a
sense in which if they don't have a
quote national health service ie health
care that's provided and paid for by
some sort of insurance system that it's
kind of a zip code lottery as to whether
the baby will survive or not when you've
got that coming together of different
factors that influence the delivery of
the healthcare yes I mean traditionally
we have several systems in those
continents as you mentioned we have the
system of Central Asia and Eastern
Europe where we have rather centralized
health systems they are traditionally
you know where they come from from from
their history they are very centralized
some of the other systems in you are
very decentralized in in the u.s. of
course we have another system where we
have a lot of private sector moment but
overall I think there's no we cannot say
one system is better than the other I
mean each system has its pros and cons
what I think isn't what what we think is
important to emphasize is that there
should we should keep the inequities as
low as possible so the system that will
keep the inequity slow might be the best
because then we can really talk about
universal health coverage which mean
everyone should be should have access to
health care if possible for free or at
least for the low cost and with a low
out-of-pocket expenditure this is what
we mean by you know when someone comes
to her husband has to pay additionally
doctor Saeed in Karachi last point to
you if I may you've already been talking
about a time scale here of five years
obviously the best scenario would be no
infant baby mortality at all but at what
point over the five years can you turn
around and say yes we are making genuine
progress in this area well I mean it's
very simple if you provide I will again
emphasize if you provide the basic
health care and in the basic health
units and rural health center with the
skilled Midwife and the trained staff to
deal with the maternal death and the
Newton units you will see the difference
things will change very fast I can't
tell you the exact time because I don't
know how much our government is
interested in they're doing doing that
but we have seen in the districts where
there is intervention which is where
there is the intervention we see the
difference you know I mean and if you
want to learn from the countries like
Japan and Sweden and Denmark and Norway
and England you see what they have done
I mean they they didn't start doing big
things like big building in highways and
motorways what they did where they
interlinked the small villages and the
counties to the units where the basic
health care is available okay gentlemen
we will have to leave it there but for
your time we
very grateful thanks to both our guests
dr. Sher Shah Syed and dr. Woolever
Anzac and thank you too for your company
over the past half hour you can see the
show again any time via the website
al-jazeera calm and for further
discussions to check out our Facebook
page that's Facebook calm /aj inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter at AJ inside story from me
Peter Dhabi and everyone on the team
here in Doha thanks for watching we'll
see you soon
bye bye
