panic in the streets fear in people's
faces neighborhoods flattened the
airstrikes are almost continuous towns
across Eastern Utah are coming under
intense fire survivors emerge in shock
children traumatized some 400,000 people
are trapped in this besieged Syrian
opposition and clav nowhere is safe the
sound of fighter jets in the skies
frightens the population in Muhammad and
her son Nasim say they can only hope the
walls in their home will save them if a
shell or an air strike hits nearby we
have no choice but to stay in our homes
despite the airstrikes and shelling our
building and those in the street are old
so they don't have underground shelters
the UN says the humanitarian situation
is spiraling out of control because of
what it calls an extreme escalation of
hostilities scores of civilians have
been killed since Sunday and the number
continues to rise there are hundreds of
injuries as well doctors are appealing
to the international community to force
the government to allow supplies in we
have shortages in medicine and medical
supplies because the regime has been
hitting this area for weeks we've had to
deal with many injuries
imagine we know how longer have blood
bags the UN is demanding an end to the
targeting of civilians but for the
Syrian government and its allies this is
a military tactic
they hope that by inflicting suffering
on the population they will turn against
the rebels and force them to surrender
Eastern who does the last remaining
opposition stronghold around Damascus
comments made by Foreign Minister Sergei
Lavrov about what he calls using the
experience in freeing Aleppo in eastern
muta are causing concern the Syrian
government regain full control of the
city of Aleppo in late 2016
after months of siege and a full-blown
military assault that ended in rebels
surrendering the main opposition body
the Syrian National Coalition is calling
the latest wave of violence a war of
extermination
it is also condemning what it calls the
international silence this is not the
first bombing campaign in eastern hota
hundreds of civilians were killed in
weeks of bombardment earlier this year
many believe the renewed bombardment
could be the final assault senator al
jazeera Beirut the UN says that the
world is witnessing some of the worst
fighting in the Syrian conflict which
completely deplore the systematic use of
violence against the human the the the
civilian populations and the hospitals
and schools these are extreme violations
of humanitarian law and all parties you
know the UN is calling on all parties to
de-escalate the violence in in Syria
