they're back in business but barely one
of the largest construction steel
providers in the city of granya he's
beginning to supply the national market
again just over a year ago owner Mario
Cedeno says he had to file for
bankruptcy bankruptcy was the only
option to survive it was really sad I
felt defeated we have managed to recover
part of our loss but we still have to
work hard to pay two million dollars in
debt and perhaps he says hire back the
70 workers he had to layoff in this
highly industrialized region in the
heart of Brazil nearly 350,000 people
have lost their jobs as a result of the
economic crisis 13 million more
Brazilians are unemployed although the
country statistic agency says the
unemployment rate has been consistently
falling now at more than 12 percent it
warns it's because millions of
Brazilians gave up looking for jobs and
joined the informal market to survive
professor Lucia de Morais is one of them
I've worked as a teacher for more than
20 years but lost my job four years ago
I managed to get temporary positions but
that is unsustainable when you need to
pay your bills
I have children grandchildren so I
decided to work selling food on the
streets one of the greatest challenges
for the next president will be to help
these Brazilians who try to make ends
meet with informal jobs that 40 percent
of Brazil's workforce Brazilians who
don't contribute with Social Security
and who work without benefits
the National Institute of Statistics
says the pressure on the government is
growing the September Omalu 40 million
are underemployed for example street
vending informality has helped people
survive the crisis that began in 2013
but informality is dangerous when people
need to use the public services who pays
for it
this economic crisis is in its fifth
year the vice president of the state's
industrial federation says recovery will
depend on the measures the next
president takes this is the investors
will only come back if they trust in the
new president we expect a president with
strength to negotiate with the Congress
to put in practice all the promises made
during the campaign that is the way
investors will return back at the steel
factory the employees say they are
counting their blessings for being in
work as the political and economic
instability continues and that means at
any time they could also lose their jobs
Nana Sanchez al Jazeera ganya Brazil
