to some Mexican is this is the sound of
long overdue change its the campaign
music for an independent candidate for
the first time in history those not
linked to any political party have been
allowed to run in the upcoming
presidential race the electoral
authorities haven't made it easy just to
get on the ballot each independent has
had to collect almost 1 million pledges
via a cell phone app from voters around
the country 3 out of almost 50 appear to
have managed it each has made their name
in different ways right-leaning
margarita Zavala is an ex first lady
jaime rodriguez who calls himself el
Bronco the wild horse styles himself as
a maverick straight talking Rancher and
Amanda Rios petered a progressive
leftist is better known within the
Senate than to the public
despite that he sees this as a chance
for independence to clean up politics
from the outside wrestling control from
parties who've become embroiled in
corruption scandals and conflicts of
interests there's no worse thing in a
democracy than parties like the ones we
have now they've got addicted to money
we have to send to rehab for a while so
that someone else can take on the
presidency and provide a transparent
public serving administration but there
are questions about the independence
ability to do that that's partly because
all of the ones that are likely to be on
the ballot are themselves career
politicians nurtured within the system
and partly because none of them are
expected to win the presidency the major
party candidates so far looked much too
strong that doesn't mean however that
they won't have an impact on the race by
taking votes away from those candidates
independent candidates might become the
kingmakers of this election if an
independent candy that you know does a
good run and gets I don't know between
five and ten percent of the votes the
question is where are those votes coming
from and where would those votes have
gone if there were no independent
candidates optimist hope that as time
goes by things will
change and independence won't just be
influences but instead fresh voices
outside of a widely discredited
political class able to mount a genuine
challenge at the highest level that's
unlikely to happen this election but it
is a start
John Holman al-jazeera Mexico City
