new life in the second worst country in
the world for a child to be born in the
only pediatric hospital in Central
African Republic
NASA's ensure that baby's little hearts
keep eating of the roughly thirty
children born each day in this hospital
in the capital bongi an average of two
died
it's a free government hospital taking
in hundreds of patients daily but
medical supplies are hard to come by the
hospital is understaffed and badly needs
more specialist doctors dr. gaudy Chris
Austin is one of just five pediatricians
in the whole country
he says they try the best they can to
keep mothers and their children alive
you can see Central African Republic uh
16 regions in the or depend on this
hospital for specialized care we are in
a crisis we have to equip health centers
because this situation is not
sustainable samba Larissa cradled her
son in a human incubation care system
called kangaroo
it helps premature babies when there's
no incubator baby Mandela's twin brother
died when they were born early Samba has
been assured that Mandara will be fine
but she worries about him and how for
the children back home my husband
doesn't work I do casual work if my
children fall that means all the money
goes to hospital bills then what will we
eat the children here are lucky to get
some help the father you get away from
Bunge the more desperate the healthcare
situation medical aid agencies are
helping but even they can't be
everywhere Doctors Without Borders and
the International Medical Corps support
this hospital Umbria in the Northeast
after months of fighting between rival
armed groups the hospital is now not
just taking in patients but has also
accommodated families that have fled
from their homes there are places where
the
the armed groups continue to stand in
the way of us accessing people but we
also have funding issues we don't have
all the resources that we need for
example for the area of maternal and
neonatal health back in the Bunge
children hospitals kangaroo ward as they
call it the new mothers continue to bond
with their little ones and hope they'll
get to see all the milestones Catherine
saw a al-jazeera
briea Central African Republic
