the Regional Director of Oxfam came to
Haiti with an apology to the country's
government and a pledge we've
communicated back to the minister and
we've given as best we can
explanations to as to what happened in
in 2011 and and we are open to
collaborate as much as we can in further
investigations as necessary with the
Haitian government the allegations
involving Oxfam staff in Haiti emerged
earlier this month they were accused of
hiring prostitutes at Oxfam properties
while working in Haiti after the 2010
earthquake it's one of those said to be
involved was the NGOs former country
director Roland van Hauser Myron but not
told us it was decent it was just the
same as meeting a lady in Belgium on
Monday an Oxfam report dating back to
2011 was released it detailed
allegations of sexual misconduct and
threats to the safety of those
investigating them Haiti has warned
Oxfam its future in the country is now
in jeopardy
Oxfam admits the use of prostitutes by
their staff in 2011 they admitted with
all the evidence they even used their
offices for such activities now we are
working to see if they were cover-ups
because their report never made it to
the Haitian authorities the scandal has
dealt the reputation of Oxfam a
devastating blow and threatens to
complicate the work of other charities
Oxfam's funding in the UK is now under
review and on Tuesday Oxfam chief
executive will testify in front of a
British parliamentary committee John
Hendren al-jazeera
