it started as a social media
conversation on Friday afternoon and
became a mass protest in front of the
White House dozens of students from
around the Washington area backed by
their families gathered to mark this
spate of school shootings in America and
demanded urgent action to stop them I
don't see this as a Republican or
Democrat issue it's more life-or-death
really shootings happen every day and
weapons don't belong on the streets they
don't belong in schools they belong in
war they read out the names of the
victims of school shootings in America
since 1999 and as they listened and you
were caught up in their own thoughts
processing their own emotions but are we
mass shootings in America in the past
there have been protests in the past but
this time the people think something is
different but this time change can be
achieved then came the mass dying
students lay on the ground sending a
message that the politicians inaction
was no longer an option
it's about the fact that kids are dying
American kids are dying in the thirst
scared kids sitting in classrooms in the
crowd a school psychologist who trained
at the school in parkland Florida for
the mass shooting took place struggling
to contain her emotions and her anger
are providing crisis intervention at
this time in over 15 20 years that they
were practicing they've never seen such
heartache typically we trained to
provide intervention support for death
of a teacher or a student and the
stories that they're hearing it's like a
war zone the flag above the White House
still flies at half-staff in memory of
the Florida victims the young people
here know that many of them are too
young to vote but they insist their
voices will be heard and they will not
be ignored Allen Fisher al Jazeera
Washington
