I am sorry okay and you're in the stream
today we're looking at the situation in
Sudan is the country facing economic
collapse so we have a new austerity
budget ongoing political tensions and
many citizens are unhappy right now we
are live on YouTube you can send us your
questions your comments and be part of
this show - and I'm Molly could be large
street protests in Sudan have mostly
been quelled and there's been a virtual
media blackout but the conversation is
extensive online here's a look at just
some of the biggest hashtags were
following about these austerity measures
and protests Sudan the protests
continues Sudan 2018 detainees and the
Sudanese regime continues arrests now
are you in Sudan or went to weigh in on
this program tweet us hashtag AJ stream
they have been called the bread protests
anti austerity demonstrations began in
January after the government of
President Omar al-bashir announced the
2018 budget and further economic cuts
the prices of basic household staples
especially flour have steadily been
rising and sent people into the streets
several subsidies like for wheat and
pharmaceuticals were eliminated by the
government and the currency has been
devalued to improve the local economy
officially one US dollar is equal to 18
Sudanese pounds but unofficially on the
black market
the US dollar is estimated to be selling
for more than double that price the
government has been investing in
military as it continues fighting on
several fronts Darfur South Kordofan and
the blue at now States on Sunday the
government released more than 80
activists detained during the protests
in a move ordered by the president but
dozens remain in prison we will work
hard to get rid of the reasons that have
led to demonstrations and detention we
will be in contact with all parties
concerned we will keep and maintain the
human rights and we will put an end to
political polarization in the country
for the sake of our nation and one of
those detained is smile Adam Hamid his
daughter tells us that her father is
retired 68 year-old engineer who's
living on a limited income he took part
in an anti-austerity protests on January
16th and has been in custody since with
no news his daughter has started a
social media campaign and she sent us
this video comment we demand from the
Sudanese government to release him
immediately and as they have promised on
Sunday all other detainees what is
happening right now is unjust it is
illegal and against their human rights
the arbitrary arrest of the Sudanese
people is not the solution to the
economical issues and challenges facing
the country right now well joining us
today
rubia abdullah dia obaid is an advisor
to just students Minister of Information
the government's point of view will also
be represented by meki Mona beam the
media counselor at the Sudanese embassy
in Washington DC who was unable to join
us
but sent a video comment with us on set
Amica Duda is a Sudan political
commentator and a PhD student at George
Washington University in Khartoum ahmed
mahmoud is a sudanese activists also in
Khartoum sim ahead of Mubarak is a
pharmacist welcome to the stream
everyone I want to start with some of
the personal stories that we're getting
from people in Sudan and abroad who are
sharing what life is like for them and
for their family members this is to
greed Abdeen on twitter she says rent
has more than doubled in our apartment
building with landlords requesting four
to six months advance to compensate for
any expected decline in the value of
currency here's one more personal story
I meant could do Adele I'll direct this
to you
this is Mohammed who joined us in our
show December 2016 our last show on
Sudan's protests he writes for regular
citizens point of view the prices took a
rocket to the moon daily means are hard
to meet you need to have 300% more money
to get what you used to the country's
imports cost higher he also goes on to
say that for example the simplest
example is bread in 2008 one pound is 20
pieces of bread and now it's 1 so you
read stories like that and you hear
stories like that what do you think has
changed since the last time you were on
the show which was also that same show
in 2016 yeah so I think there are a
couple of things that have changed but
the most important one is definitely the
lifting of US sanctions when we were
here last time the government spokesman
was focused on the removal of US
sanctions and blaming the sanctions for
all of the economic issues in Sudan the
sanctions were formally removed in
September last year but what ended up
happening was a actually a trend going
in the opposite direction instead of the
economy improving we saw the economy
getting much worse and that's because
the government was not planning ahead
and dealing with what the result of the
sanction was going to be the Sudanese
economy was actually insulated for the
good majority of the time that the
sanctions were in place and the
government was able to control the money
supply
now the government was expecting the
inflow investment of investments into
the country
that didn't happen because nobody is
willing to invest in the current
geopolitical environment in Sudan but it
actually also helped people take their
money out so now people are able to
withdraw money out of Sudan much more
easily putting a huge strain on the
currency and in the economy overall so
as long as the government is not able to
actually deal with that problem it's not
going to be able to resolve the crisis
at the moment summer here I notice the
very first tweet on your Twitter account
right now is one from Reem Abbas and
Reem says I knew it would get bad so
we've drew all my savings we have to
depend on acquaintances to bring us
medicine for my mother from abroad it is
unavailable in Sudan and it is critical
medicine how are you dealing with this
new austerity budget what does it
actually mean for you when you go
shopping okay to comment on the fact
that she's finding difficulty purchasing
her medicine for her mother's medicine
or other this is a very common problem
the dollar exchange rates for medicine
imports which caused the problems last
year and the civil disobedience it was
the movement of the exchange rate from
six point nine to fifteen point eight in
November 2016 and the government body is
responsible for pricing policies
retracted the prices at that time and he
said that they will controls and
maintain it but they were not able to do
that to do so because the problem is not
it's not me it cannot be solved in this
way it is actually a problem of currency
if the currency rates for dollar for
exchange for imports of medicine should
as 21 Sudanese pound in 2017 and today
in February of the February 2018 it
stands as at 30 Sudanese pound and that
resulted in a problem for importers if
the availability of currencies the
central bank is not providing them with
currency they have to buy her from the
black market to purchase medication as a
result of all of this there became an
stability in the supply of medicine a
lot of important items have become
scarce and unavailable and some there
are no clear policy that means a lot of
important items have become scarce or
unavailable like what for instance for
instance today we have a few life-saving
I said life-saving items like human
albumin these are important and
life-saving medications that are not
available a lot of the important
companies have faced a problem
purchasing the dollar as I race much
higher than I used for pricing of
medication so which makes them chai in
investing or reinvesting in repurchasing
medication to supplies to the to the
pharmacies and because of that it became
it became a problem of scarcity of lots
of availability as I said it was the
issue of sanctions with always used as
an excuse but this is not the case the
sanctions have been listed and yes the
problem remains and it's getting worse
by the day they were just bringing Ravi
rhabdo here he is the advisor to Sudan's
Minister of Information
Ravi err can you explain to the
international audience why there is a
new austerity budget yes actually I am
NOT a now adviser of the list of
information and only a prominent leader
International Communist Party the ruling
party this is also it should be creative
well actually the budget on the year
2018 is the body's not considered that
improvement happened during 2013 and we
expect that in the year 2018 a lot of
facilities will be provided for citizens
but now due to these chronic and crisis
and due to this information which
reflected only actually the prices of
the commodities especially the food
material and other necessary communities
from the people
the government now is doing a lot of
arrangements that make the donor
slightly low and actually the dollar was
reach it about 40 pounds but now it came
down and today the price of Donnell is
thirty pound and I think that butadiene
arrangements of the government maybe
after 15 days or later 15 days this
dollar will be about 25 or 20 pounds
according to the plan of the government
and I think that the government took
this arrangement of the economy and took
this arrangement to lift you know
subsidies from some communities so that
we they want this economy to be if I
cannot reveal that the government right
now is not able to provide any sort of
excuses for its mismanagement
there is a 173 billion billion pound
budget right now and that budget itself
has a 64 percent deficit the government
is saying it's going to actually cover
that deficit with taxes and it's
actually unable to do that because there
is a lot of shadow spending that's
happening within the government and
unless that is actually addressed the
prices are gonna continue to rise the
currencies continue to deteriorate
explain shadow spending to us so
basically a lot of what actually ends up
being spent is opaque we don't know how
much the government is spending in
reality we get a certain percentage of
for example spending on the military on
security officially I think in this
budget it's 24 percent but according to
a lot of very well-respected sources
that's as high as 70 percent and as we
know is any authoritarian regime it's
number one front as the entire budget
exactly on security so with as many of
these authoritarian regimes we know that
there is actually propensity just to
defend themselves and to continue to be
in power website finance minutes
now the budget is not hotel yet and also
the budget of 2017 that the government
is intentionally blocking our access to
information it is extremely hard for us
to understand this situation and what
had happened but from the very little
information that is available what the
government is doing is applying certain
measures that it thinks it will save it
from this hyperinflation SM but Sudan
has been in a state of hyper inflation
for a very long time now and even during
the oil years before the separation of
South Sudan or the independence of South
Sudan
like I said they kept spending in army
in their private militias countless
militias from either country right now
you have the security apparatus it's
crazy there's no fixed numbers for it
but yeah what you are referencing it's
really actually what the majority of our
community is also referencing they think
that too much of the budget is being
allocated to the military so this is
Reema Bosch she says the new budget is
strongly catering to the security
industry and the productive industries
such as agriculture don't receive any
support to flourish another person Imani
writes in that the budget allocation is
higher than I believe is being said and
any money used for military spending is
causing this issue to get deeper and
deeper Sudan's continued investment in
war comes at a time when the Sudanese
pound is at a record low against foreign
currencies so Ruby I'm going to direct
these to you people say that the budget
has too much military spending in it
what's your response to that you know
actually the pocket now is directed to
maximum productivity and you know the
result of this actually policy of
directing a lot of amount of money to
production and austerity will result not
now or tomorrow
it needs some time so that this
production will be higher and actually
really not military or security but no
money this is this is
our moralization of the economy this is
actually the aim and the purpose of the
Republic that's already mentioned but
due to some negative reflections on the
people I think that now the government
is holding a lot of devotion to removing
them because I I know that you are not
happy but I can't hear you exact words
there is no exports the government is
barely the country is Bailey exporting
anything to bring in US dollars into the
country what's what's been happening in
the past years is that they have been an
influx of importing of goods the
catering to a very small community
basically what's happening right now is
the government basically well they went
on and denied the people even their
money even the middle class now they
they are limited to their own money in
the banks which indicates anything it
indicates that is the certain kind of
corruption happening in how can a bank
deny me my money which I have in a
current account
I can't even withdraw my money right now
because apparently the government is
taken out and put is that the money you
mean are you using my money I think
that's a very good point because right
now what we see is that people have
actually lost confidence in the fiscal
system there was a huge run on banks
several weeks ago and it continues till
today and the government has actually
issued several directives that are
contradicting each other and we see the
central bank one day trying to create
some sort of fiscal policy that is
trying to resolve the situation and then
the political actors the you know the
political apparatus comes in and says no
this is this is untenable
and in fact when the government stopped
allowing people to withdraw their money
it said that we're going to have some
sort of fiscal monitoring or fiscal
tightening but at the same time within
less than two days
came and said actually we're gonna
continue to print money at the same rate
which is gonna obviously drive inflation
to go up so there's contradiction
between the economists within the
government and the politicians within
the government and unless that is
actually addressed then the country is
actually just going to continue down the
slide Robbie I want to show our audience
this from the Republic of the Sudan the
Council of Ministers big headline here
prime minister reassured the flow of
basic commodities for citizens how are
you doing that
how's that going Robbie a how are you in
showing their people get basic
commodities and they cannot use that the
communities for the people will be
available and really there is no crisis
there is no crisis of shortage of Union
but really I can say that the prices are
very high but there is no shortage of
food material there is no shortage of
bread but that's the prices because
these prices are now not tolerable by
the people I told you that government
now is taking a lot of originals so as
to fight we those who are boxing in
dollars and to find a black black market
and also to make all communities
available to the people and a lot of
centers now open in different and
various places and different so that to
label people to get the communities and
the communities with a reasonable price
I want to bring in here I want to bring
in just a comment that we got live on
YouTube this is from Charles Sweeney and
Ahmed do they you you touched on this
earlier but some ahead I'll throw this
to you in case you can help explain a
little bit more Charles says why has the
economy gotten worse after the sanctions
were summer sale if did others want to
know want us to know that they weren't
necessarily lifted this is ibraheem who
says US sanctions weren't removed they
were eased
Sudan still has stifling US sanctions
attached to its bogus state
sponsor of terrorism designation and
only when those sanctions are removed or
ordinary Sudanese see improved living
standards did you see any change in your
life sera huh after the easing of
sanctions not at all
in fact sanctions were always used as an
excuse the problem is not the sanctions
the problem is failure in policy itself
and this is an accumulation of policy
failure from this independence or
separation of South Sudan in 2011 it's a
political failure and hence an economic
failure and in response to the comment
earlier mr. abhi said that the
government will be subsidizing in this
new budget some of the basic commodities
I would like to know which commodities
are going to be subsidized and also in
addition in the 2018 budget which has
been released recently or rather not
released to the public we do not really
have access to it but it's speculated
that 2 percent of the budget only 2
percent is allocated to healthcare and
approximately 3 percent is allocated to
education the rest of the budget where
does it go so let me just remind you
that Ahmed and Ahmed and summer here
were with us on the stream in December
2016 at that time Ahmed Mahmood you said
well you said this have a listen
everybody what is keeping this
government is the amount the ridiculous
amount of budget that you have allocated
to a security system I promise you
remove this budget just stop arresting
us and allow us to organize and I give
you a week nay I give you three days and
this government will be overthrown by
the people because you are putting all
our resources into protecting yourself
because of the war that you mentioned
because of the world that you talked
about and you don't want to understand
that the world is two sides the
government and the girls so i'ma tell
you were talking to a Mickey Madhuri and
he's the media councillor the Sudanese
embassy in Washington DC
he said you worried to organize let's
organize you send us some pictures let
me show them to our audience here on my
laptop what are we seeing right here
what we're seeing is the aftermath of
the
conference that the government called
for at the prison of Cobre or battery
prison when they announced that they are
releasing the particular detainees so we
the families and the friends of these
political detainees we gathered at the
prison anticipating our loved ones to
come out but it turned out dies it's all
just a show a media showed as they only
released approximately 30 persons and
they denied they denied the release of
others so the families and friends if
they decide that we're staying we're not
moving an inch unless we see our loved
ones this happens spontaneously but it's
in fact it's it's a result a direct
result of the past year the people have
been protesting if you have been
speaking up because the circle of anger
has expanded you that this government is
now creating enemies in her own maqam
already spoke of the war but yes there
is a war in the periphery say the war
accomplished an economic war everyone is
really concerned about the health care
about the education about food so so I
would I hear you there I want to hear I
want to share this tweet you might agree
most likely with this first sensor hair
says the price hike has been followed by
civil unrest in which hundreds were
arrested few were released and the rest
are being kept hostage this person says
in prison according to a statement from
the government now the government is
represented by the u.s. embassy here
mokemo Navy says that these protests
have been infiltrated by armed groups
here's what he told the stream we should
mix between rebel movements and
political parties or our movement and
political parties because the public
demonstration could be hijacked by armed
movement that they want to the topple
the regime by vanishes and by armed
groups not by peaceful demonstration and
activism and you need to leak deeply to
the situation of Sudan sermon could do
that you've been following the protests
online and of course you have family and
friends back into then what are they
telling you do they do they mesh with
what mr mulliner be said yeah absolutely
not
basically what we're seeing on the
streets here people are fed up people
are tired there are families that are
unable to afford basic commodities basic
goods to eat to go to school the price
of transport has gone up people are
spending you know the the measure time
is no longer a measurement of is no
longer buy months but how long your
salary actually lasts in that month so
the reality is right now what we are
seeing is the political opposition is
trying to actually take advantage of
this economic crisis in trying to
mobilize people but the government as
we've seen is actually very willing to
crack down so severely it's arrested
most of the leadership of the political
parties people are not able to mobilize
on the street to speak to write in the
newspapers journalists are arrested
international journalists are also have
been detained for example so the
government cannot come and tell us that
there's a there isn't a crisis because
there is a crisis you can follow the
latest from Sudan right here at
aljazeera.com Sudan news and you can see
all of the stories on al Jazeera calm as
far as this conversation is concerned I
have time just as thank I guess Ahmed
and Abed Rabbo air and summer here
thank you being part of this
conversation it continues online a
hashtag AJ stream take everybody
