the move to release dozens of political
prisoners from jails in the Sudanese
capital Khartoum came as a surprise most
were arrested last month after protests
about soaring prices and tough economic
conditions turned violent we will work
hard to get rid of the reasons that have
led to demonstrations and detention we
will be in contact with all parties
concerned we will keep and maintain the
human rights and we will put an end to
political polarization in the country
for the sake of our nation families of
those released from prison were
delighted but consent for the ones still
detained we are happy we need all the
prisoners to be released
we need our country to live in peace we
need nothing but peace and security of
the commitment of the government to
political freedoms and that rest
primarily was very short as it used to
happen in the past we are all very happy
and all the Sudanese people are happy
and I can assure you that everybody will
be released this is the decision of the
president and the rest will follow
the freed prisoners included leaders of
the Opposition who are calling for all
political factions to unite in order to
find a solution to Sudan's problems and
they are demanding the release of all
prisoners of opinion we need a full and
comprehensive dialogue such a dialogue
is the only way to take our country away
from this crisis the tension in prisons
will never sort out our issues it is now
the time to resort to the best methods
to find peaceful solutions to the
problems in our country a Presidential
Decree to release the prisoners came
after the appointment of a new security
chief and it followed calls from
representatives of several foreign
embassies the arrests were made during a
wave of protests in several cities
against the rise in bread prices and
other economic difficulties facing the
Sudanese people many now hope the
government and opposition parties can
get together for talks aimed at
resolving the country's persistent
crisis muhammad wa al jazeera
