when tourists think of the Philippines
they often have the GP in mind it is an
offshoot of the American military that
were left behind after World War two
since then Filipinos have made it their
own their unique colorful and have long
been called the king of Philippine roads
for decades they've also been the
solution to the country's lack of public
transport jeepneys are affordable and
available but have also been blamed for
the city's chaotic traffic the
Philippine government wants more control
it says it is time to improve the genie
in the stream it wants jeepney operators
to start registering as corporations
instead of running cooperatives
independently basically our
modernization project it entails the
changing of the systems it entails the
improvement of the institutions
including the improvement of their
operating conditions it also wants to
face out jeepneys there are 15 years or
older government officials want new
models they say they are safer energy
efficient and environmentally friendly
news it is unfair the assistance they
offer is not even enough there is no
other GP in the world it can only be
found here and it must be preserved GP
owners groups oppose the plan - saying
the model that the government is
demanding is double the price and GP
operators and workers cannot afford it
the majority of GP drivers belong to the
poorest sector of society they say
forcing owners to upgrade without enough
government assistance could mean an end
to the GP industry altogether
they go to one of these Ghibli drivers
all voted for the tartar and what did he
do in the end he told them I don't care
about you you can all die in hunger
isn't that such a betrayal there are
nearly 300,000 Japanese all across the
country and many have been plying the
streets for decades but majority of
commuters prefer GPS like this one
modern colorful and fast the government
says the plan to improve the GP is just
part of a broader project to overrule
the transport system the jeepneys are
often seen as iconic moving art pieces
that reflect filipino ingenuity but for
many here they've also become a symbol
of the government's neglect Jamel Allen
dogging al jazeera Manila
