a movement that won't be stopped by
freezing temperatures and a deported
leader Ukraine's opposition marches on
we came here to change the situation in
our country to make authorities work for
the people and to support the people
that's why we are here today they
swarmed onto the streets to protest
against President Petro poroshenko and
supports deported opposition leader
Mikhail Saakashvili they want poroshenko
and peached and a new election this was
the scene one week ago when Saakashvili
was seized in a cave restaurant more
than a dozen men in military uniforms
grabs the politician and threw him in
one of two white vans then sent him to
Poland the former president of Georgia
became Ukrainian in 2014 but soon turned
on his friend president poroshenko
accusing him of corruption and this was
how it was received
poroshenko stripped him of his
citizenship last year and deported him
Mikael will remain the leader this is
one opposition politician his support
though is questioned his party the
movement of new forces poles at less
than 2% in the Ministry of Internal
Affairs estimated 3,000 people were at
the rally reporters said it was more
like 10,000 poroshenko publicly ignored
the rally he spent the weekend at the
Munich Security Conference loosening
video people can't stand it anymore
because there's no change the more time
passes the worst we live poroshenko is
dancing and having fun relaxing in the
Maldives he is a disgrace to the country
yet Saakashvili faces similar
accusations in his native Georgia his
rivals have charged him with abuse of
power he denies any wrongdoing but
relented his citizenship now he is
stateless and so his world tour
continues from Georgia to Ukraine to
Poland
he's now seeking refuge in the
Netherlands the home of his wife
in Kiev they say his message will be
heard wherever he settles Charlotte
Bellis al-jazeera
