Zimbabwe's president MSM Managua pays
his respects to Morgan's Hungary's
family for years the main opposition
leader was assaulted and arrested by
police for demanding free and fair
elections the ruling Zanu PF party then
led by Robert Mugabe charged him with
treason and called him a puppet of the
West it's time to end this when the
election is held many believe the
opposition must appear United to have
any chance of winning they say they will
make a big announcement after moving
finger has been buried there speculation
the opposition could split if some key
officials decide to walk away others
hope that doesn't happen I must admit
that there are a lot of infighting
within the party but they can be
contained
I think our leadership must unite our
leadership must focus on the modern
selfish interests so again I died in
South Africa on Wednesday some of his
supporters say now his body is home
reality is sinking in the man known as
the face of Zimbabwe's opposition live
long enough to see Robert Mugabe's
downfall but it seems not a united
opposition a rally is expected on Monday
to honor his life but his final farewell
is planned for Tuesday when he will be
buried at his rural home part Matassa al
Jazeera Hardy
