13 Russians have been accused of
interfering in the u.s. presidential
election to sway the vote in favor of
Donald Trump these indictments do not
mention collusion and Moscow says the
charges are irrelevant but the broader
Mullah investigation is far from over
so what happens next this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program today
with me Peter Dhabi Russia's alleged
interference in the 2016 presidential
election in the United States as long
plagued Donald Trump since he took
office and now a federal grand jury has
concluded the Russians did play a role
on Friday 13 Russian nationals and three
Russian companies were indicted for
meddling in the presidential campaign
quotes Russia says there is no evidence
to support that but the US Special
Counsel Robert Muller says an attempt
was made to sway public opinion and to
promote Republican Donald Trump's
campaign ahead of his Democratic rival
Hillary Clinton did it have an impact on
the election result Trump has tweeted it
did not we'll find out what our guests
think in a moment but first Roz Jordan
with this report the Munich Security
Conference often focuses on weapons of
mass destruction regional war and the
threat from rogue nations and groups but
at this year's meeting the conflict is
between Russia and the US which has now
indicted 13 Russian citizens for
allegedly interfering in the 2016
presidential race the Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov called the
indictments irrelevant
so until we hear the facts everything
else is just blather the indictment says
otherwise
the defendants allegedly were promoting
Donald Trump's candidacy and undermining
that of his Democratic rival Hillary
Clinton one example an anti Trump
protest march in New York shortly after
his election allegedly organized by the
defendants and not by ordinary Americans
the allegation is that the Russians were
using the anti Trump protest to cover
their tracks in supporting him
the Special Counsel Robert Muller has
indicted 13 Russian citizens and three
companies who are allegedly interfering
in the 2016 elections according to the
unsealed indictment the accused
allegedly conspired from 2014 until now
to interfere with the u.s. political and
electoral processes including the 2016
election
the special counsel alleges that the
group posed as Americans and controlled
social media accounts focusing on
divisive social and political issues one
important point the indictment does not
allege that anyone in the Donald Trump
campaign colluded actively with the
Russians the u.s. national security
advisor HR McMaster told conference
delegates the rumors of Russian
interference are now fact the United
States will expose and act against those
who use cyberspace social media and
other means to advance campaigns of
disinformation subversion and espionage
the former Russian ambassador to the
United States long accused of using his
post to interfere in US affairs told
delegates the indictments are nothing
more than fear mongering whatever
allegations are being grown mounted
against us as simply fantasies that are
being used for political reasons inside
the United States
Rosalind Jordan al-jazeera Washington
so here's what we know so far
US intelligence agencies believe Russia
wanted to ensure the 2016 presidential
vote was in favor of Donald Trump
it's alleged Russian hackers attempted
to undermine the rival candidate Hillary
Clinton by providing her campaign
details to WikiLeaks thousands of the
Democratic Party's internal emails were
leaked several congressional committees
were set up to investigate including one
led by the then FBI director James Comey
he was later sacked by mr. Trump fueling
speculation the president was trying to
interfere with the inquiry robert muller
was then appointed as special counsel to
find out if anyone from the Trump
campaign team colluded with the Russians
it was reported Trump would also be
investigated for possible obstruction of
justice members of the president's inner
circle have been questioned former
campaign manager Paul Manafort has been
charged with conspiring to defraud the
United States in his dealings with
Ukraine two former advisers were also
involved George papadopolis confessed he
lied to the FBI and Michael Flynn
admitted making false statements about a
meeting he had with the Russian
ambassador okay let's bring in our
guests today joining us from Washington
DC Bruce Fein a former US associate
Deputy Attorney General in Moscow yeah
she's La Motta Sauve a former Russian
diplomat and also in Washington on skype
Sean Michael Cox director of the office
of international academic affairs there
in the States a warm welcome to all of
you Bruce Fein in Washington first is
this just blather or something else well
I think it's something in between on the
one sense because all the in deities are
Russian the companies are Russia the
likelihood of an actual trial to test
the ver the veracity of the allegations
the indictment as close to zero there's
no extradition treaty the United States
has with Russia they're not likely to
turn over the accused voluntarily they
haven't done it with Ed Snowden they
have more reason to be reluctant with
regard to their own citizens so we don't
know whether the actual allegations will
be tested and a fair way to determine
their truthfulness or not
now it's certainly more than blather
when we speak about what its political
ramifications are I think that the fact
that there seems to be unanimity not
only with the intelligence community but
that in Congress that Russia did intend
whether they succeeded or not to
influence the outcome of the 2016
elections by deceiving social medias the
identity of persons who are making
comments will result in tighter
legislation that will impose greater
sanctions on Russia make it more
difficult to try to reduce the tensions
that are leading to something that might
be called a new nuclear arms race and I
think politically it will be make it
make it very difficult not only for
President Trump but for successor
presidents to try to get back to what
we'd call the era of at least a peaceful
coexistence they taunt because the
animosity is very very high with regard
to the Russian attempt to influence
whether it's justified or not that's
just a reality my own view is that we
also attempt to intervene in influence
the outcome of elections elsewhere I
spoke to someone who actually was
involved in the United States effort
when he was posted yesterday less than a
year ago
Tomas Cao to try to influence the
outcome of the elections there of course
the ability is much less opportune
because they let the freedom of the vote
there in Russia is not at all what is in
the United States but this is something
that all nation states do that's a whole
different conversation or maybe leave
that one for another day yes love matter
Soph in Moscow if it's not blather
surely it's something more than that I'm
interested what's your thinking on why
mr. Lavrov needs to dismiss this why
does he need to get beyond this given
what McMaster was saying at the same
security conference it is now an
established accepted fact that Russia
meddled particularly for some people
very high up in this US administration I
think that Russian factor in inside
American policy it is not right way too
strapped international relations
relations with Russia because of course
it is prohibited to interference into
internal affairs especially electoral
process for president of the United
States or Russian Federation and they if
they registered 13-person Russian region
that they were leading American law and
throg documentation we came and operated
inside the United States I think it is
up to the American Court to decide and
to judge them we and nobody in Russia
will be against because it is punished
not only in the United States and in
Russia too but as I refer to the article
in Bloomberg October 27 2016 while it
was in Las Vegas the debate or between
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and
this article shows method how Donald
Trump win the public American public he
was supported not Russians
certain persons from coming from Russian
bisfrog documentation as it is laid down
in Mueller paper
I think they cannot play any significant
role it is provocative step I agree with
fully and thoroughly just to interrupt
you there for a second mister matters of
that the significance of the role is in
itself highly significant it's not about
percentages it's about the fact that
they according to robert muller they did
it and they did it successfully that's
the key thing here I don't consider that
they were working sir gentlemen to say
that I want to add that it's nonsense to
say that all the Russians want to have a
trial if that were true mr. Putin would
be handing over the accused to the
United States Authority so that there
could be a trial so the assertion that
all the other Russian
want there to be a trial to determine
whether there was foreign interference
in American elections is nonsense Sean
Michael Cox let's bring you in from
Washington as well mr. Trump his first
reaction was of course to go into
Twitter saying there was no collusion
that is that smoke and mirrors on the
part of the White House because these
indictments very carefully did not talk
about collusion point number one point
number two as mr. Trump accepted a
change to the landscape here because
he's now not using the H word he's not
talking about it's a hoax
he can't surely carry that one off
unsurprisingly the Trump camp focused on
two parts of the indictment announcement
one that no American willingly
participated in the activities and
second that any of these activities had
no impact on the elections so he's
claiming a victory there that in fact
Russian interference whatever it was and
will ultimately find out what it was had
no impact on his being elected president
so he thinks he's winning there as for
it being a hoax
he's been playing that whole long that
the whole time that is in fact a
construction of the fake news media as
he calls it and of the Democratic Party
and his camp still is emphasizing that
as well that this is actually a very
little thing and it's only the Democrats
and the opposition media that's making
it a big deal yes that might serve in
Moscow if mr. Malla has got this right
this speaks to old-fashioned Cold War
espionage overlaid with a quite
unsophisticated use of technology yes or
no from both sides continuing continuing
because espionage from both sides
Russian and American we cannot
concentrate attention only on Russian
espionage deal surely it doesn't it
doesn't really matter though surely it
does not materially matter whether
there's espionage on both sides because
we're talking here about the u.s.
election having been skewed not the
Russian election that's the significant
point here well we watched very
attentively interference of the United
States in demonstration in Russia in
Bellotti Square
for example two or three years ago what
they do Americans they regulated the big
crowd in the center of Moscow giving
orders to move from one corner of the
square to the another from TV internet
TV and people russian-speaking we're
sitting Sean Michael Cox you want to
come in please carry on that in fact I
wanted to say that that's not the rest
of the issue at hand the issue at hand
is talking about the indictment of
Russians and interference in u.s.
elections if any Russian government
organization or court indict Americans
then we can talk about that what we're
talking about here is the role that
Russian link troll groups played in
trying to influence the elections going
back as far as 2014 that's what's
important here
and the reality surely is well Bruce Lee
pardon me actual laws have been broken
real laws real international laws
covering spying covering espionage well
there's certainly laws in the United
States make it a felony for if you're a
foreigner to do anything of value to
influence the outcome of an election
whether or not you succeed and that
clearly seems to have been done in this
particular case a moreover in typical
Aspire context you ask you know who
benefits who has the incentive to do
this we know that mr. Putin the
President of Russia was quite hostile to
Hillary Clinton he thought that she had
made efforts that were disparaging about
his reelection being fixed and had an
incentive to get back in the theory that
she was going to be much more tough with
regard to Russia if she were elected
than Donald Trump
you know her reset button really didn't
reset anything except for the worse so
he why would there be an incentive for
just some Russian citizen with no
connection to Putin to come in and try
to influence the outcome of American
election I mean there's nothing in it
for a private Russian citizen it would
only be the government that would
benefit and that's why I think it points
the finger right directly at the Kremlin
yes left myself in Moscow for your
foreign minister mr. Lavrov why does he
constantly refer
back to this kind of anti Russia agenda
he says he claims if one reads what he's
written or listens to his interviews he
claims there is an anti-russian agenda
say in the the vote for the move towards
independence in catalonia he says there
is an anti-russian agenda at play behind
the whole brexit vote I'm intrigued to
know as to why the foreign ministry in
Moscow feels threatened by this kind of
thing and therefore as a consequence of
that feeling threatened has to meddle
with things in Russia there are
absolutely clear that all this
conviction to Russia for interference
are based on internal American policy
because Democrats lost the Iraq
electoral process and Donald Trump win
it it was unexpected the step that led
until now they cannot calm down
and they accept this well or Donald
Trump as a president and responsibility
should be placed on other heads the
Russians are here responsible for that I
think that they lost because of
different things because Hillary Clinton
used very awkward means for its
electoral company and Donald Trump as I
refer to this article in Bloomberg
because he was working with Internet Oh
his money he put on I'm gonna stop you
there because we have done the
discussions we have done the discussion
today yes we have done the discussion to
death on this child as to why Hillary
Clinton lost Sean Michael Cox one point
to you keeping it within the context of
what we're discussing today for the
White House is there a sense that
McMaster might be something of a loose
cannon because instead of reacting
defensively he's reacting almost very
openly very transparently and saying
look we've got these indictments they're
from Robert Mulla you don't want Robert
Millar going through your underwear
or your trashcan because he's empowered
to do that kind of thing he's very
powerful he's got powers of inquiry
therefore it must be real no smoke
without fire
and Trump's management style has been to
build up those that support him and then
to knock those down that seemed to be
going off the wrench so to speak those
that are as you as you said in loose
cannons so McMaster has followed the
line very closely thus far and it is
actually quite surprising that he is
strongly supportive of Mueller's work
and the indictments it may be that he'll
just temporarily fall out of favor with
Trump and he might move back into line
with what the White House wants him to
be saying and discussing and focusing on
but it is actually very surprising that
he has offered this transparent opinion
first fine if these allegations are true
so surprising pardon me for interrupting
you again if he's a legume yes surely
the Trump presidency
therefore lacks lacks legitimacy
difficult to quantify how much
legitimacy it lacks but it certainly
goes down a notch or two well maybe a
little I don't think that the American
people are going to feel that mr. Trump
is illegitimate because of this
particular indictment to say one end
there's never going to be a trial and
oftentimes you know anonymous speeches
is oftentimes protected under the First
Amendment in the United States whether
it's true or false I think that's a
small issue I think number one going
back to the earlier observations that
what mr. McMaster said is basically what
everybody outside the White House is
saying other than mr. Trump's inner
circle it's not just McMaster it's all
the Republicans and the Republican
leadership in Congress is the Director
of National Intelligence which Trump
appointed it's his CIA director mr.
Pompeo which mr. Trump um pointed all of
the Republicans are even more forceful
than the Democrats in condemning Russia
and in demanding that there be
additional sanctions now there's one
other element that we've overlooked that
could be very important that is I think
the indictment now almost is the shield
for mr. Muller against being discharged
because now if Trump fires mr. Mulder
looks like now you're trying to cover up
and protect the Russians and that's a
far different thing than trying to get
Muller because he didn't
I did Carter page or or mr. Flynn or
someone else who had pled guilty and
that I think is an important component
of this particular indictment yes love
my sovereign Moscow surely if this now
means as well that Moscow is quotes on
notice so what who cares it won't go any
place because as Bruce fine identified
at the top of our discussion there is no
extradition agreement between Moscow and
Washington so even if people are
indicted they're not going to end up in
a court of law
in the United States well answer this
question I can compare all declaration
of Donald Trump before election and his
policy after election and what we watch
because his declarations before election
were very hot they demanded to to better
relations with Russia private relations
with Putin and that was a subject for
Democrats who wanted to not to give
chance to Donald Trump to develop these
ideas and I think that what is good now
we are watching between Russia and the
United States and to put Donald Trump in
restricted area not let him to fulfill
all his promises before elections so
much was reflected on his because he is
his for example in Vietnam he was
escaping from even welcoming Putin he
doesn't want to speak we get sure
Michael Coughlin is it too late for
Trump to pivot away from the every time
I talk to Vladimir Putin he tells me he
didn't do anything wrong therefore I
know he's innocent lying because that's
a line he's been going with for what
three months now four months maybe it's
not too late for him to pivot away but
what's actually important for him to
consider is there are two things one
where will the Mueller investigation
lead because it's not over
Rosenstein I AG Rosenstein actually said
you hadn't made the caveat that we have
these indictments but the but the
investigation is continuing and the
Trump White House needs to consider
where that will move and they should
probably do some of their own
to try and predict where Mueller will go
with that but the second thing to
consider is that this was a relatively
primitive attempt to influence US
elections and maybe it was just a first
try what is being planned or intended
for 2018 midterm elections or the 2020
presidential elections and how will
Russian interference manifest itself for
those Brustein in Washington as well
there's this undercut some Republicans
or does it undercut some of the traction
that they want to deploy when it comes
to carrying on with their lock her up
Fox News we dislike Hillary Clinton
still the Democrats whilst propagating
the Trump agenda
well it certainly undercuts that and I
want to underscore contrary to your air
visitor from from Moscow the Republicans
more than the Democrats have been
vociferous against the Russian
interference or attempted interference
through the social media to dictate the
outcome of the 2016 elections it's not a
democratic motto anymore it's bipartisan
on this score and Trump's out there
alone the last legislation that called
for ratcheting up sanctions on Russia
was almost unanimous almost unheard of
in the United States Congress where most
of the divisions are quite partisan but
there is a consensus on both sides and I
do think Trump runs a risk that if he
does nothing and remains passive despite
the overwhelming evidence that Russia
continues according to the intelligence
community to attempt to influence the
elections in 2018 like 2016 if there is
some kind of detection of hacking into
voter registration rolls the the account
state or local elections Trump is going
to take a hit because it'll look like it
was his passiveness that enabled and
encouraged Russia to move forward on
this so I think unless he retracts very
much from what he stated about his
credibility and mr. Putin to tell him
the truth he will be politically damaged
by this particular indictment in its
aftermath gentlemen we have to leave it
there thanks to all our guests today
Bruce Fein
yeah she's laughs mutters off and Sean
Michael Cox and thank you to you two for
your company you can see the program
again any time via the website al
Jazeera comm and for further discussion
do check out our Facebook page that's
facebook.com
/aj inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle at aj
inside story or tweet me I'll switch you
back I'm at Peter W one from me Peter
Dhabi and everyone on the team here in
Doha thanks for watching we'll see you
soon bye
you
