at the foot of the church of Saint
Raphael in Costa Rica's central mountain
range stands a testament to one man's
vision over the decades the gardens of
Cesario have been sculpted into birds
and beasts by Evangelista blanco a man
known locally as don lister or signore
Scissorhands he began work here in 1964
and never stopped the park is like my
family it's like my children my wife and
my mistress I love it and I care for it
I come here at five in the morning to
start worrying it I do this out of love
and education as the gardens matured so
has its reputation there are now more
than a hundred figures here each
beginning life as saplings planted by
gardener determined to create something
unique many great works of art have been
created by individuals but fuel require
the maintenance or dedication that all
of this does Evangelista has spent the
best part of his entire adult life on
this one project but it hasn't gone
unnoticed these gardens are now a symbol
for this city they attract thousands of
tourists every year and in 2004 they
named the entire place after him
the city of Cicero has grown along with
its gardens every day the park is full
of visitors from around the world it's
like a country house in England with the
topiary and everything and I was
thinking when I went round it's really
good for children because it's got
elephants and soldiers and bulls and
carts and stuff and they can kind of
identify and stuff you have the sense of
you are in a village in an old village
of many time ago is still the same it's
really nice I love it
in recognition of his work Evangelista
was given a national culture award and
continues to inspire those around him
he's an icon for the people he's
inspired the youth to follow his passion
to decorate and shape trees he has a lot
of patience and passion for doing this
he retired a few years ago but he's
continued to give us new shapes in our
Park at the age of 79 Evangelista isn't
quite ready to hang up his shears he's
looking for someone with the same
dedication to take over and ensure his
legacy lasts and he Gallacher al Jazeera
saseru Costa Rica
