Gareth Prince is a qualified lawyer
he's also Rastafarian he says that he's
been prevented from joining the Law
Society because of his culture and daily
use of cannabis for 20 years he's fought
South African courts to get cannabis
decriminalized saying that equality laws
should also protect his way of life the
greater victory is for the people of
South Africa in the sense that because
Rastafari is always advocated that
cannabis is for the healing of not just
a South African people but for all
people in the world and our philosophy
is that we must make use of what we have
in order to get what we want and we have
an abundance of cannabis the
Rastafarians community in Cape Town says
cannabis is a religious and cultural
sacrament people here say they were
often victims of police raids in the
past now they can smoke and grow what
they call a religious herb freely while
it will take up to two years for laws to
be officially changed it's now legal to
grow cannabis and consume it privately
but still illegal to sell or buy it this
is Long Street in Cape Town
it's known for its vibrant nightlife and
as a place to buy cannabis and Other
Drugs if you're found with cannabis on
you police can't arrest you because
possessing small amounts of cannabis is
legal but because this is a public area
you can't smoke it here nor can you buy
it South Africa's Police Minister says
the new cannabis laws will make policing
more difficult Police Minister Becky
Bella says that if it were up to him
cannabis or Daha as it's known in South
Africa would still be illegal what
amount to that we are supposed to keep
for consumption and when to it between
two RS - because you have an extra
amount in your in your house so those
are the things that will have to work
but it's going to make the work of the
South African Police absolutely
difficult but many in the rest of
foreign community say the new law is
just the beginning and that small
backyard plantations should be expanded
to allow for the proper farming and sale
of
cannabis they say it will help the
economy cannabis is a source of life for
thousands of people in together and we
don't apologize for that we as a matter
of fact are not the co phase of the drug
industry no it's not it's tobacco and
alcohol princess now that using cannabis
is legal there's nothing stopping him
from practicing law firm Edom Ella
al-jazeera Cape Town
