Libin is relieved to be back home in
Somalia three years ago he tried to
migrate to Europe but he never made it
instead he was kidnapped by smugglers in
Libya and sold as a slave like an animal
I was sold four times in open markets in
Libya the last time I was sold for
$10,000 I was tortured every day verbum
story isn't unique Amnesty International
released a report recently describing
how Somali refugees were being tortured
in Libyan detention camps it said they
were held against their will by armed
groups in exchange for money hundreds
were reportedly sold for as little as
$400 a far cry from the journey these
migrants had hoped for for two years I
was in a libyan prison i spent $15,000
and i still wasn't able to reach Europe
now I'm just happy to be back in country
and see my family
human rights groups say the European
Union's strategy to stop refugees from
travelling across the Mediterranean has
led to more people being stranded in
Libya the Somali government has been
successful in returning small groups of
refugees home the government of Somalia
is committed to bring back its people
who are in prisons around the globe
we've been able to repatriate some
Somalis who were in Libyan prison a
month ago we released migrants from
Indian and Ethiopia prisons and brought
them back to the country we will
continue to do so but it's not going to
be easy it took more than two years of
negotiations to release Liban and many
more just like him are waiting to be
giving the opportunity to get back home
garcía-lópez although young now Jazeera
