Lilliana's always tried to work with a
smile on her face but like many Mexicans
she lives almost on the breadline her
job buying and selling clothes in the
local market often doesn't pay enough to
feed her family Emilia costs just under
three dollars and I just did half of it
and save the other part for the next day
to save on costs no official stats show
that four out of ten Mexicans don't earn
enough even to buy basic foodstuffs last
year's record inflation combined with
the country's long stagnant salaries
have left many families unable to cope
with the unexpected my girl is forbidden
from getting sick because it costs money
I have to have a special diet for my
diabetes which costs even more Mexicans
buying power began to nosedive more than
a decade ago and has never recovered
the Mexican government posted this month
that the economies enjoyed five years of
constant growth but that doesn't seem to
have filtered down independent
statistics show that the ten richest
Mexicans have the same amount of money
as the 60 million poorest the country's
on course to have the second lowest
minimum wage in Latin America NGO Oxfam
says that less than $5 a day it's so low
it's unconstitutional
it's urging the inter-american Court of
Human Rights to rule in favor of an
increase but Oxfam's head of research
says that the roots of the problem also
have to be addressed the strategy of the
of the government has been to maintain
low wages in order to continue to
attract foreign investment we need to
stop competing with other market by
offering low wages we need to change
that mindset in order to to cascade the
the fruits of globalization forever
that's a steep challenge for a country
which is struggled to balance creating
jobs with ensuring they pay enough for
people to enjoy a decent life
John Holman al Jazeera Metzger City
