it's calm on the streets of Ethiopia's
capital addis ababa but the country is
slipping into a deeper political crisis
on Friday the government imposed a state
of emergency to steam a wave of unrest
the Defense Minister confirmed on
Saturday it will last for six months and
includes a ban on protests gatherings
and publications that incite violence
Jurgen gives you the state of emergency
should not be seen as a military coup
the army is under the Federal
Constitution and it is a tool to
implement the government's decisions the
state of emergency procedures are
intended to protect the Constitution
country and the announcement follows the
sudden resignation of Prime Minister
Hailemariam Desalegn who had been in
office since 2012 Hailemariam said his
departures Prime Minister and chairman
of the ruling Ethiopia's People's
Revolutionary Democratic Front coalition
was to enable necessary reforms in
government there have been mass
demonstrations in Ethiopia's largest
region so Romi anima Hara and
resentments with protesters calling for
political and economic reforms and an
end to state corruption
a 10-month state of emergency ended last
year but failed to stop the protests
particularly by Ethiopia's you who have
increasingly come to view demonstrations
as the only way to bring about
meaningful change dozens of protesters
have been killed and many more injured
since 2015 s kinder Nega is one of 6,000
political prisoners released by the
government this year in an effort to
ease growing tensions at the end of the
disability Ethiopia is one large prison
I say this because there is no democracy
in the country this is a dictatorship we
have to change this big prison into a
democratic state opposition leaders say
he appears ruling coalition has lost its
authority they're demanding all parties
be involved in deciding the country's
future renegotiation you know these
countries they can do hundred million it
is too big for one political group for
one group small group but run the
offense of hundred million people years
of an accountability and etna cessation
of the country's politics of put
Ethiopia to tipping point
some say injustice repression and lack
of meaningful democracy have instilled a
sense of despondency if he appears
ruling coalition the EP rvf is expected
to meet within days to choose a
successor to Hailemariam Desalegn but
the stakes are high and jostling for the
Premiership intense whatever the
coalition decides will have a huge
impact on how ethiopia is governed
Mohammed Al Jazeera
