praying for closure church services in
Kuwait spare a prayer for Johanna demo
fellas
Maria can or two spares a thought for
the domestic worker whose body was found
in a freezer authorities are still
looking for the suspect 11 e's national
that nice gun is to be recovered the
whole family of johanna cannon knows all
about the life of a domestic worker
she's worked as one for more than eight
years she says some face abuse but it's
not typical my dad thought to me I was
pretty new like my sister the Philippine
government reacted strongly to Joanna's
death banning its citizens from coming
to Coit for work it later issued a
clarification exempting those who
already have jobs here but the initial
announcement nevertheless sent
shockwaves through the country for many
Filipinos a job in the Gulf is a
lifeline for extended families some are
experiencing good life and some they
don't have they don't they don't get
that good treatment from others
Philippine authorities however say
complaints of abuse compelled them to
take action we have some complaints of
5,000 some 5,800 more than 5,800
complaints of abuse last year and
including treatment sexual harassment
and rape the Philippine ban on allowing
new workers to go to Kuwait is a problem
for fangy Canali after over a decade in
kuwait Vangie owns a restaurant and
money exchange businesses she needs to
expand her work force the president's
ban she says is holding her back
processing for that cook week there and
some of my stub who's really we want to
bring them here this is really very very
big problem for us Kuwaiti officials are
critical to of the ban they concede it
might be necessary to review some
Kuwaiti measures like the ability of
sponsors to hold migrant workers
passports however they say the
Philippine president statements have
only complicated this situation the ban
was ordered for domestic reasons
it's a clear there are also other
reasons for such an escalation who are
not angels well we are also not Devils
the congregation sings for their
community to be delivered from the devil
the devil of abuse and the devil of
hasty government decisions
Sam is a Dan al Jazeera Kuwait
