it's exactly what Yemen's already
overloaded medical teams didn't want to
hear a new outbreak of disease a growing
number of people have died with symptoms
similar to bird flu and doctors say
dozens more could be infected Mahalo
also when these patients arrived they
had influenza symptoms like breathing
difficulties and acute respiratory
failure they also had a high fever
identifying the disease as challenging
doctors are treating more patients with
fewer resources standard supplies and
testing kits have become a luxury how
these cases raise a red flag they match
h1n1 symptoms like fever intensive
coughing and headaches but the Ministry
of Health hasn't been able to confirm
this since last year labs don't have the
supplies to test this the country is
already dealing with one of the worst
ever outbreaks of Cholera the
International Committee of the Red Cross
says there are more than 1 million
suspected cases and about 80% of Yemen
lacks proper access to food clean water
and health care cases of bird flu would
only add to the crisis if we add to this
formula more preventable diseases then
we are we are facing an extremely
difficult catastrophic problem in Yemen
it's a fight doctors deal with on a
regular basis Yemen's three-year war has
made already dire conditions of disease
and hunger even more difficult to combat
we have more than twenty men women and
children who die every day from
preventable diseases why why does that
happen because more than 50% of the
health centers and hospitals in Yemen
today do not function anymore there are
small signs of progress in January the
UN allocated 50 million dollars to
support Yemen's humanitarian response
some ports have opened allowing for the
delivery of food supplies and medicine
ade the country's hospitals desperately
need for many the help has arrived too
late for others there is still some hope
Patsy alofa so the young al Jazeera
