russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov
took center stage at the Munich Security
Conference to accuse NATO of a military
buildup in Eastern Europe describing
international relations as going through
turmoil he reached out to the European
Union when they receive its way MCM
Korea we want to have a predictable and
strong EU which will be responsible on
the foreign scene but in remarks clearly
aimed at the United States he attacked
Washington's policies on Syria and Iran
we cannot approach these issues from an
even more dangerous standpoint and I
mean the Middle East conflict and tried
to resolve it through heightening the
tensions between Sunni and Shia it's
highly dangerous the president Trump's
national security adviser was quick to
hit back at Russia's role in Syria
public accounts and photos clearly show
that Assad's chemical weapons use is
continuing it is time for all nations to
hold the Syrian regime and its sponsors
accountable for their actions and
support the efforts of the organization
for the prohibition of chemical weapons
but master said Syria and North Korea
were not the only rogue States he said
Iran was building its Hizballah militia
into a large proxy army what a ran is
actually doing is applying the Hezbollah
model to the greater Middle East in
which they they want weak governments in
power they want the Arab world to be
perpetually weak and they have weak
governments in power that are dependent
on Iran for support kept at bay by
thousands of police demonstrators
gathered in the falling snow around the
conference center they come every year
to oppose NATO and call for disarmament
but this year the demonstration has been
different it's been marked by large
contingents of Kurdish demonstrators
protesting against the Turkish incursion
against the Kurdish enclaves in northern
Syria
the Turkish planes are making more in
Efrain there are lots of kids in
different they are dying it's forbidden
the British Prime Minister Theresa May
began the day at the conference with a
keynote speech calling for a special
relationship with the European Union on
security after brexit so as we leave the
EU and forge a new path for ourselves in
the world
the UK is just as committed to Europe's
security in the future as we have been
in the past the sentiment and content of
a speech was well received by delegates
but everyone is now waiting to see if an
equally special relationship can be
developed on economic ties post brexit
and just exactly what her vision really
is David Chater al Jazeera Munich
