they can never be described as boring
conflict corruption intimidation and
fraud Afghan elections have it all but
the parliamentary elections do to take
place on October 20th are at least
promising something different new
government measures hope to put an end
to the problems of previous elections
election fraud is now a criminal offence
voting systems will be cited in public
buildings monitored by professional
people and a new advanced voting system
will be used even so doubts still linger
the Afghan government has bought more
than 20,000 biometric devices for facial
recognition and fingerprinting to
prevent voter fraud but only 4,000 have
so far arrived in the country and
operators have not yet been trained many
believe there is insufficient time to
get the system up and running meaning a
return to manual counting and the
possibility of irregularities we are
worrying about the post-election crisis
the losing candidates will not accept
the results and the political parties
will use as a force to risk and also to
warn and treat the government voters
disheartened by past elections see the
biometric system as a big step towards a
transparent election process biometric
system is good because many national IDs
are fake and there is fraud boats can be
bought the elections are three and a
half years overdue but because of the
uncertainty over the new technology
there are concerns that it could be
postponed yet again this election is
being seen as a test for next April's
presidential elections then is now the
main issue will not just be transparency
but it will also be security and that is
a very delicate situation at the moment
with the Taliban controlling much of
rural Afghanistan
the Taliban doesn't take part in
elections and in the past has had
fingers cut off people who have voted
the group is making almost daily attacks
against the security forces this trend
of the Taliban is in the weakness within
the Afghan government and this is
certainly something that has emboldened
the Taliban during the past couple of
years most of Afghanistan's population
is illiterate these men waiting for
poorly paid daily work in Kabul don't
care who is elected they care about
survival right now if Taliban or ISIL
came here with a truck offering work all
of us would go with them
all of us because we don't have money
and we need food politics can often be
seen as about power and money but for
the poor life can be defined by the food
on their plate and in Afghanistan today
many people are hungry Tony Berkeley al
Jazeera Kabul
