it's a walk he's grown used to over the
years
Rama Shabani still can't comprehend why
he lived and his brother died neither
men had been fighters they were Kosovo
Albania and that was a death sentence
for those buried here
young and old this happened within the
reach of unarmed European observers but
the Serbs blocked their access Rama
Shibani
and others had been rounded up in this
yard as you can see first of all they
threw grenades and opened fire on the
house people were screaming especially
the kids
I was laid out and beaten just here then
we were ordered to leave in that
direction with our hands behind our
heads like the others Rama followed
directions coming up here stopping to
light a cigarette and then hearing
shooting he ran in that direction the
rest had come along here and they'd
fallen into a trap they call this the
red trail paint marks the spots where
bloodstains belongings and fallen bodies
had been found and it was all exposed by
this figure from what I personally saw I
do not hesitate to describe the event as
a massacre obviously a crime very much
against humanity William Walker's words
started a diplomatic trail leading to
NATO's intervention the bombing of
Serbian military targets and there were
civilian casualties back at ray check
this young man believes the conflict was
worth it but by armed hi rosy
who was 6 when his 18 year old brother
was shot dead says many of Kosovo's
leaders are now neglecting his village
and others like it contribute a loof if
we compared rhetorics contribution to
the kosovo state I think the authorities
have not paid off our sacrifice so many
young people obtain university degrees
only to be unemployed economic
development is stifle every heist in our
village has a person who's migrated
to support their family it's the view of
many Kosovo Albanians ten years of
Independence hasn't carried with it good
fortune for Hall and so as the
celebrations continue the number of
positives in this young country are
numerous but they're matched by the
number of negatives there may be a four
percent growth rate the highest in the
region but unemployment for the youth
stands at around 60% and half of the
population is under 25 add to that
concerns about corruption and a whole
host of other issues and there is a lot
of thought about the future for Kosovo
