under the watchful eye of London's
fashionistas models showcased the work
of an emerging designer there's really
no place quite like it anything goes
here
fashion has no boundaries and everything
is documented diversity is one of the
themes that this season's event along
with trying to push the industry to
better protect the women and men working
in it so it's about really working to
create safe environments to make sure
there are safe places them to be that
not always being photographed or not you
know this that's a whole nudity there's
so many aspects of it but it's something
we take very seriously fashion at times
though can seem frivolous but the
designers on show know they're part of a
growth industry one which employs nearly
900,000 people in the UK alone away from
the bright lights of the runway and the
real focus of Fashion Week is of course
selling clothes the fashion industry is
worth nearly 42 billion dollars to the
UK economy so it's big business little
wonder then that the UK's decision to
leave the European Union is one that's
been closely watched here for a sector
that trades globally where a sector that
really enjoys the freedom of movement
and the freedom of people between here
and between the EU and we're incredibly
concerned in terms of what the terms of
greg's it might be for now though
London's fashionable people are putting
their best foot forward striding ahead
and trying to stand out from the crowd
EMA Hayward al-jazeera in London
