in South America black panther was
created in 1966 from Marvel Comics the
superhero king of Wakanda a
technologically advanced uncolonized
African country the film adaptation is
being widely praised for its inclusivity
and racial empowerment the fact it is a
African superhero and people get a
chance to look at themselves and
positions of power and feel that it's
important
Disney is marketed the film to black
schools and communities ahead of the
film's release these children have just
been informed they're going to a
screening there is joy at a mainstream
black superhero even as there is realism
at best its value could be used to sort
of capitalize may be use as a teachable
moment to get into some broader more
concrete ways that we can talk about
black liberation which might mean
introducing a younger generation to
trying to overthrow Disney involved well
certainly the system that that upholds
it yeah you know what I mean it hasn't
gone unnoticed but the film's promo uses
a song called the revolution will not be
televised
it's a song by the late left-wing black
singer Gil scott-heron that explicitly
warns that empowerment will never come
from multinational corporations who run
the media as the petition pointing out
that since Disney is specifically
targeting black dollars black audiences
should boycott the film until the studio
agrees to donate 25 percent of worldwide
profits from the film to black education
you have the ability to not only go see
a film about a fictitious country in
Africa with advanced technology but the
opportunity to invest in programs which
focus on the fields science technology
engineering and mathematics that make
such advancements possible in real life
it says the marketing of Black Panther
is playing unashamedly with its
coincidental namesake the Black Panthers
the racial and economic justice group
co-founded in the late 60s by Huey
Newton already Martin Luther King's
message of radical anti-capitalist
change has been sanitized for a
mainstream white audience most recently
by truck manufacturer black panther may
yet follow a similar model white america
easily adopting black cultural figures
but having more difficulty with the
black political struggle they represent
Schreiber tancy al jazeera washington
