many people here don't know if their
loved ones in the north are dead or
alive yet they come to pray and offer
food and wine to family members during
this Lunar New Year holiday with the
mountains of North Korea on the horizon
the ritual at M jinguk resort offers
them a physical proximity to their homes
and the solace of comfort from others
they share the pain dulled over the
decades but not forgotten
not many of us are alive now and soon we
will all be gone all wishes to have
people visit their homes the second and
third generation will forget about their
grandparents stories we should all know
about our roots over 131 thousand people
are registered in a South Korean
database first separated families more
than half are now dead of those still
living more than half are 80 or older
that explains why as each year passes
attendance at these ceremonies is waning
but this was the first time Oh Jeong
Hwan and hong sunja
made the trek they grew up in the same
neighborhood in North Korea and fled as
children during the war June 1 never saw
his parents and sunja never saw her
grandparents again it misses his parents
so much at times like this you're crying
in front of the camera he tried to find
his family but never heard back who was
the last time families from the north
and south were able to reunite was in
2015 there's hope that the recent spirit
of reconciliation by North Korea will
end the wait but people say until
there's freedom to move between the two
Koreas a reunion brings only a temporary
joy to a permanent heartache Natasha
Canaan al-jazeera Paju South Korea
