forty million dollars is the dear price
for these 280 characters Elon Musk's
August 7th tweet may go down in history
as the world's most expensive it
announced he was considering taking
Tesla private at four hundred twenty
dollars a share funding secured turns
out according to federal investigators
that was a lie
within minutes of the first tweet
Tesla's own head of Investor Relations
questioned whether the communication was
even legitimate investors and
journalists contacted Tesla and asked
whether the tweet was a joke and it was
a joke according to the government's
lawsuit meant to amuse Musk's girlfriend
the 420 dollar price and apparent
reference to marijuana culture musk was
seen smoking marijuana on a live YouTube
stream earlier this month
I mean it's legal right so legal okay
I'm getting text messages from friends
saying what the hell are you doing
smoking weed the display didn't break
California law but did send Tesla stocks
tumbling now for the August tweet musk
and Tesla will each pay twenty million
dollars to investors who suffered harm
musk will also step down as chairman of
the board for at least the next three
years
neither celebrity status nor reputation
is a technological innovator provide an
exemption from the federal securities
laws must a nice he ever intended to
swindle investors he'll remain Tesla CEO
but under the oversight of new
independent directors the SEC is
requiring Tesla add to the board the
settlement is still subject to court
approval but as a dramatic marker in
Musk's recent decline once admired as a
maverick and brilliant thinker musk also
founded PayPal and SpaceX now the
American billionaires mental stability
is in question and so to the future of
his companies heidi Joe Castro al
jazeera Washington
