akram Saudi does not enjoy his business
as he once did in the old days he says
when the financial situation was a
stable in Libya he used to have 14
workers in his shop
but not now and the coppersmith hardly
gets any orders to make anything new
sometimes we work here for a whole day
and end up with almost nothing in our
pockets many clients have not come to
pick up their pieces of several months
because of lack of money Libyans have
been through a lot over the past seven
years two competing bases of power
dozens of rival armed groups and
conflict and consequently a financial
crisis but some here say they have not
lost their faith in the revolution and
are hoping for a change while others say
they're disappointed since 2011 many
Libyans celebrated the anniversary of
the 17th of February revolution but the
country has slipped into chaos Zakaria
al-ghazi
took part in the 2011 protests he says
he does not trust politicians all the
politicians have shown their true faces
which they hid before the fall of the
Qaddafi regime it would rather take from
the state than give to it others take a
different view
Nora Dean says he travels from the
United States to Libya every year to
share the occasion with his friends and
former neighbors he says things are
better now than before the Revolution
before it was very difficult to come
back to go to the airport to the
immigration you know and all that stuff
now there's no I can come in and leave
you know freely but the situation looks
bleak on the ground prices for everyday
goods have risen the markets have taken
a tumble and the Libyan dinner has lost
much of its value okay Sam I see the
political division has led to a divide
between the economic and security
institutions the state has become so
weak its unable to control its own
resources oil revenues are the
born of Libya's income and oil
production dropped significantly between
2013 and 2016 when for major oil ports
were blockaded by militia economist Rudi
is proud his profession is part of
Libya's heritage but he fears if there
is no solution to the country's economic
crisis crafts like his might fade away
Mahmoud Abdul Wahid al Jazeera Tripoli
