in a carefully crafted video launching
his bid for a Senate seat from Utah
Mitt Romney contrasted what he called
the state's values of service and
civility with the partisan gridlock and
scandal gripping the nation's capital
because I believe I can help bring
Utah's values and Utah's lessons to
Washington Romney who lost to President
Barack Obama in 2012 became one of the
sharpest Republican critics of then
candidate Donald Trump during the 2016
election campaign blasting the reality
show star as unfit to be President
here's what I know Donald Trump is a
phony a fraud his promises are as
worthless as a degree from Trump
University
but after Trump's unexpected victory
Romney showed interest in becoming his
Secretary of State their meetings at
Trump Tower now seem like a way for
Trump to get even with Romney
and publicly humiliate him if Romney
goes to Washington analysts say he could
be a thorn in Trump's side there was an
opening for a conservative critic of
Trump I don't think at this point
Mitt Romney intends to fill that opening
but I think the role could fall upon him
if there is increasing criticism of
President Trump among the Conservatives
Romney didn't single out Trump by name
but implicitly criticized his
immigration policies Utah welcomes legal
immigrants from around the world
Washington sends immigrants a message of
exclusion Romney is considered likely to
win the Senate seat he's well known and
respected in Utah where he successfully
managed a 2012
Salt Lake City Olympics he is a leading
member of the Latter day Saints Church
commonly known as the Mormons whose
members are a solid majority in heavily
Republican Utah Mormons have never been
entirely comfortable with Donald Trump
his values his lifestyle are very alien
to the Mormon point of view the question
now is will Romney's self-proclaimed
Utah values translate into opposition to
Trump values Rob Reynolds al Jazeera
