the world has moved towards the brink of
a significant conflict the words of the
organizer of the security conference in
Munich it was an opinion clearly shared
by the police who thrown protective
Corden's around the luxury hotel where
the event is being staged dozens of
world leaders defense ministers and
diplomats are attending the three-day
conference which provides a unique
opportunity for backroom discussions
away from the spotlight of the media
democracy and freedom the values we hear
in the West
value most are in decline are under
threat the West our societies appear to
be weaker than in the past the
international order itself established
in the post-world War period he's at
risk one of the key security concerns
here has been the growing strain between
the United States and other NATO nations
faced with Russia's role in the
conflicts in both Syria and Ukraine
NATO's Secretary General was eager to
try and defuse the tensions but
experienced diplomats were putting the
blame squarely on president shrunk we
see a more assertive Russia but we and
we just spawned to that but at the same
time for NATO it is important to avoid a
new Cold War avoid and prevent the new
arms race and therefore we continue to
work for dialogue with Russia I'm very
concerned that President Trump has not
been a strong leader for NATO he's the
first American president since 1949 to
be openly ambivalent about article 5 an
attack on one of us is an attack on all
he's been openly competitive with the
European Union so we're looking at a
major sea change in at least the
rhetoric of the American president the
Secretary General of the United Nations
took to the stage to warn that the
Middle East was now what he called an
authentic quagmire what I think has
changed clearly is that today the whole
global Middle East became a mess and
became a mess with a number of different
fault lines that are completely crossing
each other and interconnected the fault
line that remains between Israelis and
Palestinians the fault line that
represents the memory of the Cold War
that is still there the fault line
between Sunni and Shia and if you could
look at these fault lines I described
and it is clear that there is a very
special position of a country like Iran
that has a fault line with Saudi Arabia
and its allies a fault line with Israel
and the fault line of the United States
it was a theme the Emir of Qatar picked
up the Middle East is on the brink he
said it's time to bring it back he had a
direct message to the Gulf nations
mounting a saudi-led blockade of his
country had regional relations being
guided by a set of solid governance and
a rule of law we would not have seen
nations with limited resources being a
black male and two bartering their
foreign policies for external aid we
would not have seen the exploitation of
wealth power or geographical constraints
to satisfy the thirst for power now more
than ever
the opportunities for the real power
brokers here to find a new way forward
are vital all admit the world is on the
brink of a major new conflict can they
bring it back David Hayter al Jazeera
Munich
