with no threat of protests and less
security this State of the Nation
Address was a departure from recent
years where demonstrations had become
routine this was an opportunity for
President Cyril Ramaphosa to outline the
government's goals for the coming year
and set the tone of the new
administration much of his speech
focused on economic growth and job
creation almost 1/3 of South Africa's
population is unemployed most of them
under the age of 35 poverty levels rose
in 2015
unemployment has gone up and inequality
has persisted for several years our
economy has not grown at the pace needed
to create enough jobs so that we can
lift our people out of poverty
mufasa plans to grow the economy by five
percent in the next few years
by boosting the agriculture and
manufacturing industries and offering
more support for small business from
apostle reiterated his commitment to
land expropriation without compensation
a policy that remains divisive he's also
promised to clamp down on corruption
stressing the importance of ethical
leadership but not everyone is convinced
and we realized that the president does
not have a blame the president speaks
about commissions speaks about semanas
speaks about inquiries he has got no
plan it was an important speech in that
is unified South Africans
it seems to lack the very idea of what
is the total change that we bring the
president from his bold change but
actually delivered more of the same
still Rama pauses tone was resolute at a
time when South Africans are looking for
strong leadership from a pro suppose it
the dawn of a new era there is a sense
of renewed hope with a president who
enjoys wide appeal but Cyril Ramaphosa
will be watched closely to see how he
implements his policies and delivers on
promises with some warning that self
Africans should manage their
expectations now attention will turn to
Roma pauses cabinet he's under pressure
to change key appointments and routes
out corruption in government family mela
al jazeera cape town
