the streets of Ethiopia's capital addis
ababa appear calm but the country's
political landscape is slipping deeper
into crisis on Friday
Ethiopia's ruling EP RFD coalition
decided to impose emergency rule to stem
a recent wave of anti-government
protests there's no indication of how
long the measures will be in place the
announcement comes a day after the
sudden resignation of Prime Minister
Hailemariam Desalegn leader of Ethiopia
since 2012 he said he was stepping down
in a bid to smooth reforms the country
has been troubled by years of unrest by
ethnic groups in the Amara and aronia
regions who say they've been
marginalised by the government a
10-month state of emergency ended last
year but failed to stop protests
particularly by Ethiopia's youth who
have been calling for the release of
political prisoners dozens of
demonstrators have been killed and many
more injured as skin de Nega is one of
6,000 political prisoners released by
the government since January in a bid to
ease growing tensions - banned from
Lukis it with me Ethiopia is one large
prison I say this because there is no
democracy in the country this is a
dictatorship we have to change this big
prison into a democratic state
opposition leaders say Ethiopia's ruling
coalition has lost its authority they're
demanding all parties be involved in
mapping the country's future
renegotiation you know this candle is a
candle hundred million it is too big for
one political group for one who a small
group but run the offense of hundred
million people even with the resignation
of the prime minister the government's
tight grip on the country continues and
so inevitably will the protests leave
parker al jazeera
