the difficult task of looking for
survivors this is what is left in the
city of Paulo after Friday's magnitude
7.5 earthquake and tsunami rescue
workers frantically trying to find those
who may still be alive
search efforts are being hampered by
blocked roads and a collapse Bridge
rescue teams dug by hand to free 24
people trapped in the rubble of this
hotel the owner told local media people
could still be heard crying out for help
but no heavy lifting equipment was
available dozens remain missing in the
city of over 300,000 those who did
survive the quake and tsunami that
followed now have to try to live off
anything they can find scenes like this
of people looting local shops and
siphoning petrol from cars are becoming
the norm as aid is very slowly coming in
many injured are being evacuated but the
Red Cross estimates that more than 1.6
million people have been affected there
are particular concerns about the nearby
town of dong gala where the impact is
still unclear the gala is home to over
270,000 people but there has been no
communication with anyone there since
Friday afternoon the Indonesian
president is visiting Paulo to assess
the damage and reassure the people that
more help is on the way
but for now bodies continue to fill the
streets of Paulo and anxious survivors
are being warned not to return to their
homes as aftershocks continue dorsa
jabari al Jazeera
