an anti-trump protesters election this
one of the Pro and anti Trump rallies
the special counsel alleges were
organized by the group of Russians
sometimes at the same time on the same
day part of the massive campaign the
indictment say were aimed at promoting
Donald Trump at the expense of his
opponents both Republican and Democrat
special counsel Robert Mueller has
indicted a total of 13 Russian nationals
and three companies for alleged
interference with the 2016 elections
according to the unsealed indictment the
accused conspired from 2014 until today
to interfere with the u.s. political and
electoral processes including the
presidential election of 2016 the
special counsel alleges that the group
posed as Americans and controlled social
media accounts that focused on divisive
social and political issues the Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein states
that there are no conclusions in the
indictment that the campaign affected
the election result there's no
allegation in this indictment that any
American had any knowledge and the
nature of the scheme was that the
defendants took extraordinary steps to
make it appear that they were ordinary
American political activists even going
so far as to base their activities on a
virtual private network here in the
United States of anybody traced it back
to that first jump they appear to be
Americans this interpreted in a unique
way by President Trump who tweeted in
reaction Russia started the anti us
campaign in 2014 long before I announced
that I would run for president the
results of the election were not
impacted the Trump campaign did nothing
wrong no collusion no acknowledgement
that the indictments implicitly reject
his off stated opinion that claims of
Russian interference were as he put it
fake news Donald Trump is going to be
very worried about today's events in
large part because it puts to lie the
ally
patience that he's made for the past
year that there was no Russian
involvement many Republicans including
President Trump himself had been highly
critical of the work being carried out
by Robert Miller and his team these
indictments put to an end any attempts
to undermine or even halt the
investigation by the special counsel the
other certainty that proof of Russian
involvement in the u.s. election is just
the beginning and not the end of Robert
Miller's investigation Mike Hanna al
Jazeera Washington
