it's been seven years since the Arab
Spring protests broke out in the Gulf
monarchy of Bahrain with thousands of
demonstrators at the Pearl Roundabout in
the capital Manama initially calling for
reforms and eventually demanding the
ruling royal family stepped down human
rights groups say the Bahraini
government continues to violently
crackdown on dissent and lock up
political prisoners so what's the future
for the country's protesters joining me
to discuss this is Maryam al-khawaja a
Bahraini activist in exile and advisor
to the Gulf Centre for Human Rights
who's been sentenced to prison in
absentia by the Bahraini authorities and
whose father is currently serving a life
sentence there and has been called a
prisoner of conscience by Amnesty
International Maryam thanks for coming
on upfront you called the February 2011
uprising in Bahrain and Inconvenient
revolution for the Arab world and for
the international community what did you
mean by that well what I meant is that
because of behind geopolitical
importance being you know between Saudi
Arabia and Iran and hosting the fifth
fleet and now also a base for the United
Kingdom there are a lot of interests
that are based on behind where and you
know when we took to the streets in 2011
we knew that we weren't just up against
the Bahraini government but rather the
six GCC countries plus their allies the
United Kingdom in the United States and
I think to the most part we've been
proven correct on that you know the
United Kingdom the United States
continued sell arms to the Bahraini
government and they continue to some
extent to prop up the monarchy and
behind the deck is stacked against you
when you were on this show two years ago
in 2016 you said you wouldn't call the
Bahraini Arab Spring protests a quote
failed uprising you said change would
happen and it would happen either
through a very violent situation coming
about because of the repression or
international pressure forcing the
government to quote do the right thing
neither of those things have happened in
the intervening period do you now accept
whether you like it or not it has been a
failure the uprising no I don't because
if you look at Wednesday the 14th of
February anniversary of the behind
uprising and the amount of protests that
happened around the country I think is
even more evidence that the people of
Muharram will continue to protest until
they reach their you know demands for
civil and political rights that being
said because of the nature of the
situation in the region
also internationally of course it's
going to take time when I said that you
know there's going to be a path of
violence or a path of reform that's
still a path we're on behind is best
described as a pressure cooker because
things will turn you know more violent
if we continue down this path but there
is still an opportunity for reforms it's
just about whether that international
pressure happens or not just to be clear
for the sake of our viewers you've been
accused by the Bahraini government you
and your family of being violent people
supporters of terrorists etcetera all
sorts of accusations learn against you
charges thrown against you what is your
position on violence I believe in
non-violence as a methodology for change
political and social change let me put
it this way even when I was being
assaulted by four police officers in the
airports in Bihar and during my arrest I
did not lift a finger to defend myself
so even when I'm being attacked
I believe that non-violence is a way of
regaining control of the situation and
not being reactive and you mentioned a
demand for civil and political rights
going on right now on the anniversary of
the revolution of the protests this week
just to be clear again what are the
goals of the protesters in Bahrain is it
just political reform more freedom more
right or is it a revolution against the
monarchy a regime change well I just did
it in the beginning when people took to
the streets it was about the king
fulfilling the promises that he made in
2001 which was a constitutional monarchy
nothing that has happened since then has
led us to a path of constitutional
monarchy on the contrary he unilaterally
changed the constitution placed himself
above the Constitution and gave us a
parliament has knowledge it's a lot of
our monitoring powers and so when people
took the streets they were just
demanding that he fulfill his promises
it was after they started shooting and
killing unarmed protesters that the
demand shifted from being just about the
Constitution to demanding the stepping
down after ruling Farini say the
authorities say we offered reforms in
2011 we offered reforms again in 2014
the opposition boycotted any kind of
elections or participation in the
political process it's the opposition
who walked away from dialogue from
reform from working together all you
have to do is look at the facts on the
ground to know that there's absolutely
no truth in that first of all and will
fuckin wat have been disbanded that
largest through opposition societies in
the country we have a parliamentary
election coming up later this year with
opposition to run in the elections but
even let's talk about the elections
themselves the gerrymandering and behind
puts even Texas to shame we're in the
opposition can receive up to 60% of the
votes but only 18 out of 40 seats at
Parliament and those are all fair points
just on 2014 was it looking back with
the benefit of hindsight was it a
mistake for the opposition to boycott
elections so I'm not a politician myself
but I do understand that's you know when
when I will fuckin when WOD and so on
came out and said that they were not
going to participate in the elections to
me and makes sense because if they had
participated they would have lost
complete credibility amongst the
communities that they're supposed to
serve they would have lost complete
credibility amongst the people of
Bahrain but even taking it beyond that
for them to take part in an election
that was a sham that would have only
served to you know give the government
the legitimacy it was seeking
internationally you mentioned that the
Bahraini people who have been protesting
against the government demonstrating
against the government just up against a
ruling royal family but i but up against
the United States government which
supports that ruling government has the
election of Donald Trump as president of
the u.s. given you cause for optimism or
pessimism has it made things better or
worse for the people of Bahrain
the situation has definitely gotten
gotten worse I mean when we're looking
at in 2017 and me 48 hours after
President Trump met with the King of
Bahrain and said there will no longer be
a strain on us behind relations five
people were killed
extra judicially killed and up to 300
people were arrested on the same day
that's more than we had even in 2011 but
on the other hand the Gulf monarchies
love President Trump and so he has a lot
more sway with them than Obama did which
means that he can also influence the
situation in ways that the Obama
administration could not what evidence
is ever he wants to influence the
situation in a way that you would
support that is exactly the question
there is an understanding that there
needs to be reform and behind that the
situation has continued to deteriorate
whether we're looking at the number of
political prisoners whether we're
looking at the use of torture by the
military now as well as the Ministry of
Interior and so on so there is that
understanding the question is how do you
build policy behind that understanding
many people who look
at the Middle East today look at the
region they see proxy wars being fought
everywhere and the argument is that a
lot of what goes on in the Middle East
is basically Saudi Arabia versus Iran
whether it's in Yemen whether it's in
Syria whether it's in Bahrain and a lot
of people think and the Bahraini
government claims that the protests in
Bahrain are driven by Iran it's all
about Iranian sponsorship Iranian
involvement Iranian provocation you have
a Shia majority country with a minority
Sunni ruling family and Iran is
basically stirring up the hornet's nest
there what do you say to them well I
think you know it's you all you have to
do is look up a height in history to
understand that the Bahraini ruling
family has been trying to paintbrush the
opposition as anything that it's
perceived as a threat to rule so for
example you know to begin with we're all
knots of socialists that we all became
communist that we all became Iranian
agents and now we're terrorists the
Iranian agents and now apparently also
hibari agents as well but I think Iran
getting involved in behind is a
self-fulfilling prophecy the more
heavy-handed the crackdown is the more
Iran speaks out saying that there's
oppression and torture in Bahrain and
the more there's a failure from the West
to do so the more the behind people are
going to you know find themselves in a
position where they don't see any other
way out or any other ally than Iran is
it the best thing for Bahrain of course
it's not any government say it's a cause
of violence they point to November of
last year when one of their main oil
pipelines they say there was an
explosion caused by quote terrorist
sabotage linked to Iran the behind the
government has been making a lot of
claims for a very long time way beyond
you know 2011 they've been talking about
many terrorist cells now the question is
why is it that the behind government
refuses to allow any form of independent
investigation to back up their claims
that's where I place the question mark
I'm not saying it's not happening at all
I don't know if it is because I don't
have access to that information how much
of this is sectarian you've said on the
record in the past you've called
Ballerina semi apartheid regime because
of its discrimination against Shias
there you've attacked the Bahraini
military and compared some of its
rhetoric to isil's rhetoric the Bahraini
government says that's absurd we're one
of the most secular liberal governments
in the region when you're looking at the
situation but I'm from a sectarian
viewpoint the sectarian you know
language that's being used that this
course is coming
the government the basically
sectarianism is a tool that's being used
to divide and conquer that's the whole
purpose of it have they been successful
in actually creating sectarian violence
in the country no they have not because
the Bahraini people generally from you
know its origin have always been a very
peaceful very friendly society the
sunnis and shias alike you're not just a
human rights activist you're someone
who's actually personally deeply
affected by all of this your father is
currently serving a life sentence in
Bahrain after a trial a lot of Human
Rights criticized as unfair unjust he's
been on hunger strikes you and your
sister both had to leave Bahrain after
being detained and charged with crimes
there and you've basically been
campaigning on the issue of Bahrain and
for your family and for others I think
since what the age of 22 how hard is it
to keep carrying on like this when the
odds are clearly so stacked against you
well I think you know change is going to
come in some just a matter of time given
the economic shift that's happening that
climate change in the way that it's
going to affect the Middle East and all
of these changes that we're witnessing
right now plus you know the changes
happening in Saudi Arabia at the current
the current time I think it is it's
becoming more and more evident that is
just a matter of time before things
change it's just about how that change
is going to come about and I really hope
that it's not going to be by everything
exploding into violence where we can no
longer before it gets better
exactly Maryam al-khawaja thanks for
joining me on upfront thank you that's
our show upfront we'll be back next week
you
