a fake news story that triggered a major
geopolitical crisis and the effects are
still being felt across the Gulf nations
more than eight months on how dangerous
the story's doctored to suit vested
interests and what could be done to stop
fake knees this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Martine Dennis now in May last year
katas national news agency was hacked on
its pages were comments attributed to
the Emir of Qatar comments that were
completely false but despite the fact
that they were made up they were
broadcast by Al Arabiya and other
channels and that led Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates Bahrain and Egypt
to cut all ties with Qatar now the four
countries later handed over a list of 13
demands that included shutting down al
Jazeera demands that were rejected
catta then lodged a complaint against Al
Arabiya at the British media watchdog
Ofcom which is investigating the case
cattles nude agency says it was the
inquiry that led the saudi-owned channel
to surrender its licence to the
broadcast regulator Al Arabiya
denies q and A's claim and says it
surrendered its licence for business
reasons the channel accuses al Jazeera
of exaggerating the decision to give up
its licence which means it can't
broadcast in the UK and the EU last
month
Ofcom find the Dubai based TV station
almost a hundred and seventy thousand
dollars for airing statements by a
jailed Bahraini opposition leader with a
man who pretty much brought the term
fake news into everyday speech is of
course the US president Donald Trump we
are fighting the fake news it's fake
phony fake the dishonest media I called
the fake news the enemy of the people
and they are that was just fake news by
NBC which gives a lot of fake news fake
news the fake there how fake the press
can be fake news the news is fake I'm
changing it from fake news though
doesn't that under very faked it I know
but aren't you
but even some of trumps own officials
have been accused of sending out fake
news like former national security
advisor Michael Flynn he tweeted a news
story
tying Hillary Clinton to a child sexual
abuse ring with its base at a Virginia
pizzeria the story was proven to be
false but Flynn only deleted it more
than a month later and then there's the
case of the tense exchange between
Pakistan and Israel that was in 2016
after a story was shared online it
claimed Israel had threatened a nuclear
attack against Pakistan if it sent
troops to Syria Pakistan's foreign
minister tweeted to warn Israel that it
too was a nuclear State Israel's defense
ministry tweeted back saying the story
was totally fictitious
and in November last year Sri Lankan
police rounded up two dozen people after
they were accused of causing violent
clashes by spreading rumors that Muslims
were going to attack a sacred Buddhist
Monument all right we can introduce to
our guests now joining us in the studio
is Mohammed El Masri chair of the
journalism program at the Doha Institute
for graduate studies in gdansk in Poland
we have Tom law who's director of
campaigns and communications at the
ethical journalism Network and via Skype
from Naples in Italy we have Pierluigi
Paganini founder of security affairs
blog and member of the European Union
Agency for Network and information
security thank you all very much indeed
for joining us Mohammed let me start
with you we've just had an indication of
how serious fake news can be does
anybody know how much there is out there
well one of the problems is that
researchers are still trying to kind of
catch up with a lot of the data
obviously publication cycles being being
what they are we you know we don't have
a lot of studies out yet on on this
phenomenon but one of the interesting
studies that was published relatively
recently just within the last few months
by it by a research team was looking at
fake news in the United States in the
lead-up to the American election of 2016
between Trump and Hillary Clinton and
what they found was that there were 38
million fake news stories shared by
Americans in the lead-up to the election
thirty million in favor of Donald Trump
and about eight million seven and a half
million in favor of Hillary Clinton and
they go on to surmise you know using
sort of statistical analysis based on
how many people voted that it's highly
likely that the election was impacted
the election result was impacted by
these by these fake news stories and one
of the problems is is social media quite
frankly right I mean it's it's kind of a
blessing it's a blessing and it's a
curse but there aren't any filters there
are no editors there are no gatekeepers
anyone can act as a journalist and and
share whatever he or she wants and
Pierluigi I can see you nodding at that
because the engine if you like a fake
news is I'm wishing ly or otherwise of
course the internet yeah I totally share
the point of view of the colleague
basically you called them a fake a news
I call them psychological operation we
are facing with the military operation
that are managed by government and the
government's use social media you don't
consider the social media was created on
the concept of trust so everyone can can
send his message I can reach it
sometimes huge quantity of people and
it's quite difficult to identify
specific actors that are working on on
social media fortunately today we have
different methods we have different
means that could help us to identify to
analyze what is happening in specific
area specific moment a specific region
we are able to understand if there is a
specific quantity of people that for
example analyzing specific arguments if
someone is trying to pushing information
in order to influence the sentiment or
specific discussion all right Tom
propaganda has been around with us since
time began used by governments used by
powerful individuals as well so what's
the difference between propaganda and
fake news sometimes not very much and
quite often the term fake news is
misused especially by by Donald Trump as
I understand it its content which is the
trait
deliberately to mislead and to get
people to question verifiable facts and
to and and to deliberately fulfill
perhaps the political or economic agenda
they might have some of the the cases
that have been listed were genuine
mistakes made by journalists who didn't
question properly the veracity or the
information that they were dealing with
and then the problem was that people not
understanding and in government
sometimes looking at that information
did not ask themselves the right
questions to make sure they were
actually consuming information that
could be trusted and not not not being
critical enough of that information so I
think it's incumbent on news media to
really make the argument and to
proactively describe to their audiences
why they are different than information
that you might find on on social media
and that means you know by articulating
this is our code of ethics this is how
we go about doing our job if we violate
these then you you have a way of
correcting us you can you can complain
and we have a process which is public
and it was very clear about how you can
go about addressing complaints that that
you might have so I think it's incumbent
on our media as well as through
education to actually encourage media
literacy so that governments so that
individuals can actually understand what
they're consuming and start to tell the
difference between what is state
propaganda what is propaganda from from
individual politicians or from other
other interest groups and and not accept
things on on face value because that's
what said earlier the internet means
that businesses that politicians can try
and communicate directly with audiences
and that can be a really good thing but
I would argue that we also need good
journalism to actually help put into
context and to verify that information
and to hold power to account I think
many I think many would agree with us on
that and also a crisis of trust and let
me let me bring this to Mohammed
Mohammed from what Tom's saying it
sounds very much as though the burden of
responsibility is falling heavily
upon the consumer and on the journalist
not on the those responsible for putting
out the fake news I think there's plenty
of blame to go around quite frankly you
know I mean you you in your introduction
you talked about this the Gulf the Gulf
crisis and kind of how a lot of that
began but if we go back to 2012 the
United Arab Emirates established helped
establish a lobbying and consulting firm
in California called the kam style group
and their main purpose was to try and
plant negative news stories about
culture in American news media this has
been reported by the New York Times by
the intercept Glenn Greenwald and others
and the accounts they were quite
successful
there were many negative news stories
about Qatar but there's an important
distinction between you know prot you
asked about propaganda and fake news
right so a lot of times governments to
take the American government for
instance right much has been made about
American government propaganda and study
after study shows that American news
media tend to in one way shape or form
support the official American line but
the American government government is
fairly sophisticated and how it goes
about if we want to use that word
absolutely and everybody has a certain
implicit bias and those bias ease if you
like are absorbed as a consequence of of
where you live where you brought up in
your own sort of cultural values
Pierluigi can i come to you and ask
about this the the government component
of this because it seems very much as
though governments not only of course
that they always for ever use propaganda
but they are morphing if you like into
becoming the major proponents of what
could be considered as fake news by some
on the internet as well basically every
government used today the social media
as a sort of weapon okay they use social
media for different purposes one of
these is to try to analyze to fear to to
make intelligence on foreign governments
another aspect is to try to control to
analyze what is happening inside inside
the other country which are the actor
that currently are trying
to infiltrate some specific discussion
are trying to influence the settlement
of people so it's it's a very important
for any government to a specific control
of social media so I'm not surprised so
when we speak about fake news sincerely
speaking I am not surprised
it's something that means is going down
since the born of the the other social
media so we I'm not surprised what is
very dangerous is when such kind of
information is used to try to disturb
you late another government try to not
miss problem yeah yeah that's very very
very big well you take me let me let me
just interrupt there because you've
taken me on to another interesting point
that perhaps I can take over to Tom and
Tom Pierre luigi's just referred to this
is government's trying to destabilize
other governments using fake news or
propaganda online and this year Downing
Street the British government Tereza may
set up a unit to fight false information
that spread by foreign powers I mean how
serious is that well there is quite
serious but remains to be seen actually
what powers that the outfit will have I
think that we had to be very careful
when looking at a a legislative or laws
when we address issues not just of
so-called fake news but also of hate
speech we're already seeing in in
Germany the so-called Facebook law
whereby very hastily content which is
being accused of being potentially hate
speech or fake news is being deleted now
the fines are so are so high that
there's a real danger and evidence is
already showing this that Facebook is
perhaps being a little bit too
trigger-happy and what it is removing
because there could very easily be a
public interest defense for having
content about populist or right-wing or
dangerous in a dangerous content on
there so long as it's done in the right
context and it's actually explaining to
audiences what this is how it's being
used and how it could be a government it
could be another Act
is using this information in this way to
try and change public opinion in some
way so regarding the uk's task force the
jury is out on whether that will work
and and what its remit is going to be it
seems so far that it hasn't got much
much flesh on the bones in terms of
actually how that's how that's going to
work but i think we have to be very
cautious about finding legalistic
solutions to this much better that we
have that the journalism plays a much
more prominent role and starts to
actually communicate better why it's
important for democracy and news media
have to really reflect on on what they
can do to improve to address that
deficit of trust so just while it's
there are some things out of media's
control governments clamping down media
themselves also have to to step up in in
this fight and trusted sources that you
have are you advocating greater
regulation more regulation no i'm saying
has be very cautious about more
regulation when it comes to the internet
i think we have to find more more
creative solutions than than creating
laws which might be well-intentioned to
try to protect protect citizens from
misinformation and from hate speech they
can have unintended consequences much
better that we educate audiences to
better question the information that
they receive and then they can make
better choices about what source
information they trust okay okay and
we're gonna have to find many other ways
of addressing this that's an employee
saying that the legal solution can have
negative consequences for freedom of
speech that's a very interesting thought
because mohammed of course the younger
generation are much more savvy a much
more sophisticated in terms of the
assessing the kind of material that they
are confronted with on a daily basis
aren't they i don't know that we know
that i would say that that's an
empirical question right i mean are
young people more savvy than adults
navigating this information online i
happen to think that people are really
susceptible I just gave the example
about the American a lot
but those results are pretty they're
pretty frightening right to think that
there were hundreds of fake news stories
and their their shared and one of the
things that the researchers do in this
article is they ask people to what
extent they believed these fake news
stories and overwhelmingly people did
they believed these stories whether they
were younger whether they were whether
they were older you know the young
generation perhaps you know has even
more of a challenge because they're
almost exclusively plugged in online
right when where a lot of these you know
news stories are shared and Pierluigi
when governments undertake campaigns of
misinformation should we say as muhammad
has already outlined one specific
example they're not doing anything wrong
are they they're not breaking any laws
no no I don't think that they are
breaking a law the problem is that they
have no means in this moment to act in a
different way okay the only way is to
work closely with the city with the
company that operated social networks
you have to consider that this company
let's think for example Facebook I have
all the necessary information to try to
understand this someone is trying to
push in fake news okay so it's not a
problem is not in my appeal is not a
technological problem but we we have to
consider that there is also another
problem the financial problem because
some company make visas and fake news
are parts of their business so it's it's
very different very difficult to take
off the the fake news from social media
on one side you have the government that
needs to control to monitor and it's
very hard to do this without making a
sort of surveillance on the other side
you have the companies themselves that
they need to make business and so
propaganda or advertising for them is
quite the same things they have oh they
evidently all the necessary information
to try to analyze it to discover
specific components in in the behavior
of some users that could could be
attributed to a specific propaganda
activities or all the spreading of firk
news and term we started off the pair
making mention of off come off come
which is the regulatory body of media in
the UK established media organisations
are signed up to codes of conduct aren't
they
codes of practice and is the main
problem then for the freelancer they're
free wheeler in fact those that are not
should be case should we say new sources
of information citizen journalist even
well just a quick comment about the use
of the words fake news I think that
every time that we use it we're actually
doing the job of the people who want to
undermine journalism and under undermine
the positive role that that can play in
society I think we need to be much more
descriptive about our we're talking
about misinformation disinformation mal
information what is the motivation
behind it and really kind of start to
peel away what we actually mean by all
this various this whole spectrum of of
misinformation online and elsewhere
rather than actually undermining our own
our own profession by by doing so
regulation works at three different
levels it works at the individual level
as me as a journalist what do I decide
to publish how do I treat my sources am
i being independent am i being
influenced by by other actors am i
showing humanity to the people I'm
talking about
am I being accurate and fact-based in my
communications and we should be arguing
for politicians and governments to be
fat based and not propagandists but then
you have the media level of how are we
being accountable to our audiences what
are our coercive codes of conduct and
then you have the industry level I think
it's unfair to paint freelancers as as
as a knife unethical because they
haven't signed up to perhaps a wider
code of ethics some freelancers make
that choice because they feel they can
do better journalism outside of
mainstream media rather than being
inside where sometimes there are issues
of self-censorship and and that kind of
issue so I think that we have to you
know not generalize about you know
freelancers or even some citizen
genitally or youtubers some of them do
some really good reporting and we
shouldn't be kind of talk down to them
and say oh you're not traditional media
you're not established we have a very
honest and open dialogue admitting our
own fail
but also trying to promote the best of
what journalism can offer in terms of a
framework of values for communication
more widely and Muhammad became Western
liberal democracies there is a certain
pride there they take a certain pride in
an open media environment where freedom
of expression is encouraged and and is
tolerated but of course things change
for a government for a country when for
instance they're at war or they feel
that they're under attack if their
security is being threatened that's when
a completely different set of rules come
into play yeah you're absolutely right
and in fact a lot of the a lot of the
research on the American news system
which I work a lot with shows that
during times of crises disasters and
especially at times of war the American
news media tend to play a strong
propaganda role right this happened with
the Iraq war it happened with the
Vietnam War if you want to go back some
you know 40-plus years and you know
after 9/11 and and during a number of
other crises you know what Tom said I
think is very very interesting and very
important about the need to sort of
define our terms you know are we talking
about fake news or are we talking about
propaganda are we talking about
something else
I think fake news is very important as
I've Illustrated but I think it's
important to point out the overwhelming
majority of news stories that you're
gonna come across on a daily basis if
you open up the New York Times or The
Guardian or whatever they're not fake
they're not you know false stories right
they're grounded in some reality as a
media scholar I'm actually much more
interested in other areas of journalism
other problems with with journalism if
you will I'm not sure if Tom would agree
with me on that but issues of media
framing issues of sourcing issues of
implicit bias right these are things
that I've worked on in my own research
then I'm actually much more interested
in than fake news and Pierluigi we've
already asked the question I asked the
question specifically of Tom and he
wasn't for it but I was wondering
whether you thought that the way forward
would be to introduce a greater a
greater framework of legislation
that a great framework of regulation
could help us here we have to agree on a
specific normal behavior between states
that's my opinion because I believe that
they're also introducing specifically
framework in a single state it will not
give any advantage we need a shared
agreement between the states and this is
also the results of the effort that was
spent during the last g7 in in Italy we
need normals behaviors between states in
the cyber space right okay and Tom the
last word to you I mean you were you
were you were quite keen to for us to
break down if you like the the language
that we're using fake news fake news
incidentally was apparently one of the
most popular terms used for 2017 but the
fact is journalists have long been
incorporated into campaigns of
propaganda or some might call it fake
news it's down to the journalists then
is it to to impose upon themselves a
certain level of of ethics to which they
they they should subscribe and live
every day ideally yes we want
journalists to be taking upon that
responsibility to act ethically within
their own value system but also
subscribe to codes of ethics whereby
they can be held accountable and we want
to see the same done by media
organisations themselves and so the
public can actually have a recourse and
complain and ask for Corrections if if
mistakes are made absolutely but we also
need to have you know Facebook and and
others taking their responsibilities
much more seriously in terms of how
their platforms operate and and their
transparency about what they allow or
they don't allow and how their
algorithms work if they don't do that
then laws will be introduced which could
have very negative consequences much
better that they voluntarily create for
themselves better more transparent more
accountable systems for the people who
use their platforms and the readers and
the audience for journalism to hold
media to account and that way hopefully
we'll be able to address this issue of
the trust deficit whether we're
currently faced with and so people can
choose better sources of information
rather than absorbing and consuming
misinformation online all right
great stuff thank you all very much
indeed Tom Lauren Gdansk Pier Luigi
Paganini in Naples and Mohamed El Masri
here in Doha thank you all very much
indeed and as ever thank you for
watching the program if you want to see
it again you can go to the website al
Jazeera comm should you want more
discussion go to our Facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story and there's the Twittersphere if
you still trust it
our handle is at AJ inside story from me
Martine Dennis I'm at Martine Dennis and
the whole team here in Doha it's bye for
now
