joanna de Mathias went to Kuwait four
years ago to work as a mate
she returned home in a coffin her
distraught sister in tears as the wooden
casket was carried off a plane
this is a very big loss to us she used
to tell our mother her dreams she was
working abroad to be able to help our
parents and our youngest sibling
the family says Joanna's employer was
strict and only allowed her to call home
three times a year but in 2016 the call
stopped they had no idea why until last
week when a body was found in a freezer
in an abandoned apartment in Kuwait City
it was Joanna's investigators say her
body showed signs of strangulation and
may have been in the freezer for more
than a year why did they do that to my
sister and hurt so much Philippine
president rodrigo duterte was quick to
condemn what he sees as a pattern of
mistreatment of filipino workers what
have we done to you
to deserve this kind of treatment for my
countrymen he is offering free flights
home for filipino workers and kuwait
about ten thousand maids are expected to
take up the offer to look for money so
that you can come home and live
comfortably here an estimated 250,000
Filipinos are employed in Kuwait in
January the Philippines suspended
sending more workers after reports that
abuse by employers had driven several
workers to suicide and now there's
Joanna's case it's very tragic but will
also be a rallying point for all of the
government agencies to be more
aggressive abroad in helping our OFWs be
protected Kuwait's government says it's
outraged by Joanna's murder and is
working on bringing her killers to
justice but that is a little comfort to
her grieving family katia Lopez other
young al Jazeera
