for many February in the German capital
means only one thing the belly Nala a
Film Festival which has helped put this
city on the cultural map it's an
opportunity for film goers and critics
alike to view the movies competing for
the ultimate prize the Golden Bear but
this year it's a different animal it's
gaining attention Isle of Dogs is the
latest animated adventure offering from
the award-winning us director where's
Anderson set in a dystopian future Japan
where a form of canine flu has forced
the authorities to quarantine all dogs
on a remote island we follow the journey
if a 12 year old boy as he struggles to
find his lost pet a rancid apple corer 2
worm-eaten banana peels a moldy rice
cake a dried-up pickled Tina sardine
bones about broken eggshells an old
smushed up rat and gizzard with maggots
all over it ok it's worth it obviously
would be in this venture from German
director Christian Pettit we observe the
plight of refugees through the ages set
in modern southern France but with
characters that travel from the past to
the present
transit profiles a man fleeing the Nazi
occupation
in his interactions with modern refugees
we gain a sense of the fragility of
their collective experience
this banana is not dominated by
blockbuster firms from Hollywood studios
one film critic says it means
competition for the prizes will be
fierce we don't have so many really
prominent movies so I think this year
it's gonna be really a Bella novel of
discovery where perhaps a lot of unknown
directors smaller films will sort of pop
up and get noticed one of the issues
many people are mentioning here is the
me - movement which has highlighted the
prevalence of sexual harassment against
women in the film industry there will be
very special programs of me - but also
about diversity we think that all these
cultural events but not only cultural
events are a platform now to discuss
this and we are in the middle of this
discussion one of the draws of this
festival has always been its combination
of Hollywood style glamour with European
art house movies and as a showcase for
independent filmmakers to attract
attention to the causes they hold dear
as this festival opens there's no
overwhelming favorite to claim the top
prizes and so many of the people
treading these red carpets have high
hopes
Dominic Kane al Jazeera Berlin
