what have you eaten today because what
we innocently consumed could be harming
us we've known for several years that
certain food such as processed meat can
increase our risk of disease but now
French researchers have made a worrying
link between ultra processed food and
cancer Western diets are characterized
by the intake of an average of it could
get to 50% of ultra-processed foods in
our in our diets even a healthy product
nutritionally can be ultra processed
because it can have food additives or
preservatives or food colorant or or
sweeteners so what do dieticians mean by
ultra-processed foods and how do they
differ from unprocessed and processed
foods unprocessed food or it might be
called raw food it's things like fruits
vegetables that are uncooked nuts seeds
those kind of things then to take it and
not jump you might have things like milk
and then the next level up from that is
things like bread so bread in the olden
days used to be made of three things and
now it's made of quite a few more things
so that now fits into a process you know
pretty processed product and then we
have things which are just made us of
you know things that we wouldn't
necessarily recognize as food at all
there's an awful lot of ingredients in
this none of them really look like food
at all so that would fit into the ultra
process category many ultra-processed
foods contain artificial ingredients
designed to keep them fresh on the
shelves and make them look more
appetizing
they include ready meals cakes
mass-produce bread and instant noodles
there's an old piece of advice but you
should only food that your grandparents
would recognize but the reality of life
in the modern age is that fast cheap and
inevitably highly processed food is very
very tempting so how do we navigate this
culinary minefield
the simple answer fresh fruit vegetables
foods that are high in fiber more
research needs to be done to
definitively link
Ultra processed foods and cancer a rule
out other factors many consumers of
ultra-processed foods are more likely to
smoke and be overweight both key causes
of cancer but the overriding advice is
clear if we must eat processed food eat
it in moderation Eve Parker al Jazeera
London
