Venezuelans hey Suz Gutierrez and his
wife Marta taught their luck have turned
for the better with the economic
situation at home deteriorating a friend
offered him a well-paying job in Peru a
pasar Dakota Nome in Venezuela I had a
good job at a business making five times
the minimum wage but the value of my
salary kept falling I couldn't meet our
needs anymore and those of our children
I stopped eating I lost 40 kilos I used
to be over 100 then I saw that my
children were also losing weight so they
sold almost all they owned to pay for
the trip to start a new life but in a
Venezuelan border town kisses was robbed
the only items of value they were left
with were their passports for Kanazawa
we left the children and their
grandmother in critical conditions we
had calculated we'd be in Peru in a week
start working and send money but it all
fell apart after days sleeping on the
streets of Colombia border town of
cúcuta they found a roof and a bed here
the first temporary shelter for
Venezuelan migrants set up by the
Colombian government with the support of
the Red Cross in the International
Organization for Migration
we found these brotherly Colombians that
gave us so much it's been incredible
housing food and a good Samaritan is
paying for our tickets yet the shelter
is open to only a few of the hundreds
who are sleeping on the streets of
cúcuta only those with a passport and a
bus ticket to get assistance here and
you're supposed to remain for just 48
hours and this day we found only five
migrants despite more than 200 available
beds those Venezuelans without official
documents or tickets struggle they
search for menial jobs hoping to earn
enough to continue their journey the Red
Cross is here to help them but it's
still assessing the best way to provide
assistance we are designing other more
effective mechanisms which surely will
allow us to achieve a higher occupancy
right in the coming weeks
for its part Colombia has increased its
police presence along the border
apparently sending a signal to
Venezuelans thinking of cross
Gover and those already in cucuta the
compassion of neighbors is being tested
as Colombia copes with an unprecedented
influx of Venezuelans desperate to
escape a country in economic freefall
Allison Graham PhD al-jazeera cúcuta
