silvano Marinka vich has vivid memories
of her husband Goran and there's no end
to her grief he's been missing for
nearly 20 years Silvana says it was
tough bringing up their two daughters
alone but out of all the difficulties
they face the hardest thing is when my
daughters asked where their father is
Silvana is convinced that Kosovo
Albanians fighters abducted her husband
along with hundreds of other people
she's put much of her energy campaigning
for a non-government organization that's
demanding justice for relatives of those
who've gone missing Goran disappeared in
June 1999
according to NGOs he's among an
estimated 500 Kosovo Serbs still missing
and according to the government the
figure of kosovo albanians stands at
1,200 naturally the word missing still
has a tragic resonance right across
Kosovo and still after all this time
there's a clamoring for some form of
justice or closure the Kosovo Liberation
Army stands accused of abductions and
atrocities a special court was set up to
investigate but Kosovo's leadership many
of them que la veterans have spent the
past six months trying to get rid of it
although now they've agreed to it again
not independency serve over everything
how do you feel personally about your
possession whenever possible indictment
I'm very confident I am very proud on
that what we did on all freedom fighting
I don't know who's gonna be prosecuted
most of the pressure on Kosovo as
leaders has come from the United States
what I do know is the special court is
important to Kosovo the future both in
domestic rule of law terms but also to
demonstrate to the international
community that Kosovo can keep its word
none of this diplomacy about a special
court impresses Silvana Marinka vich
Dania if they really wanted to do
something they could have done it a long
time ago the UN police had testimonies
that were so fresh but they wanted to
hide the truth
and Silvana's distrust is shared by many
of those still waiting for any word on
the fate of their loved ones
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera Gretchen Itza
in Kosovo
