this is a community in mourning but a
people determined to come together the
grieving process will be long and
painful the wounds may never heal many
here are still in shock but determined
that this should never happen again
I mean bullets were in my daughter's
classroom yesterday her friends a lot of
her friends died and this this is enough
writing and I don't know what it's going
to take but we have to do something we
have to we can't just be idle and forget
about this mobile video from inside the
school shows the horror that children
had to endure students sob as they're
forced to run past bodies of fallen
classmates are you Nicholas Jacob Cruz
the suspected shooter 19 year old
Nicholas Cruz appeared in court charged
with 17 counts of premeditated murder
he's now confessed to the killings his
lawyer describes Cruz as a broken human
being this sadness that this community
is feeling I mean my children are there
they go to school in this community I
feel horrible for these families and mr.
Cruz feels that pain it's also known
that the FBI investigated a comment left
on YouTube by someone using the screen
name Nicholas Cruz it simply said I'm
going to be a professional school
shooter no other information was
included with that comment which would
indicate a time location or the true
identity of the person who made the
comment the FBI conducted Database
reviews checks what was in it was
enabled to further identify the person
who actually made the comment the motive
for this attack is still unknown but
among the dead of the school's assistant
football coach he threw himself in front
of his students to protect them from a
hail of bullets his team simply tweeted
he died a hero
his sacrifice won't soon be forgotten
Andy Gallagher al Jazeera Parkland flora
