there's a saying you dance with the ones
who brought you in Mon bitch Syria the
US military is supporting the Syrian
Defense Forces local fighters who helped
liberate the city from ISIL just one
problem the SDF is led by Kurds whom
turkey considers a mortal enemy Ankara
once again is demanding Washington
abandoned the SDF and pull its own
forces out of Syria hey can you
introduce us how did you can why are you
standing around go ahead and leave who
did you bring there YB g YB g PKK you
take them there and you are still
telling us not to come to mama
we will come to manage to deliver the
land to its true owners the US response
not happening we need to stay here until
the that political environment is stable
and our security here our presence here
provides that level of stabilization and
bring security mom bitch we'll be at the
top of the agenda when US Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson meets with Turkish
officials and it's just the latest in a
number of issues that have driven Ankara
and Washington apart going back to the
start of the Syrian civil war in 2011
turkey became increasingly frustrated
that the United States wasn't helping
you to achieve its goal of bringing down
Assad in the United States became
increasingly frustrated by Turkey
support for radical groups
what's more the u.s. is still refusing
to extradite the cleric Fethullah Gulen
accused of plotting the fail 2016 coup
against her Diwan all this has the
Turkish president jockeying for closer
ties with Russia and attacking the US as
a proto enemy everywhere he goes the
anti-american message is resonating a
recent poll found that 79 percent of
Turks hold an unfavorable view of the US
government just 18 percent have a
favorable view even people-to-people
ties are affected 67 percent of Turks
have an unfavorable view of Americans US
officials say Tillerson knows
he will be having difficult
conversations when he and Turkish
leaders sit down but they insist he
won't be giving the Turks what they
really want an end to the US presence in
maan bitch and support for the fighters
who retook it from ISIL Russell and
Jordan al-jazeera Washington
