it's that time of year when China
becomes a nation in motion few places
busier than Beijing's railway station
during the last Lunar New Year holiday
around 400 million traveled by train
that's more than the population of the
United States some are migrant workers
unsure if they'll return a campaign of
demolitions has made life here
impossible for them my child is in
school here we lived in Beijing for many
years but now they're trying to kick us
out of course I'm worried about that
much of the world's second largest
economy is coming to a halt throughout
the country people are on the move in
what is the world's largest annual human
migration people heading home for
celebrations that will last for two
weeks as the Chinese usher in the year
of the dog fortune-teller Wang hawa sees
more bad than good for anyone who shares
the same zodiac sign and that includes
President Donald Trump president ron was
born in doc year we Chinese people call
it euro battler I believe it would be a
very bad year for him including his
health and decision-making
Trump has barked a lot at China in
return a bit of marketing mockery a
giant statue that's supposed to bear a
likeness to the president sits outside a
shopping mall in northeast China it
certainly gets plenty of attention
sporting golden hair a stern expression
and an index finger pointing straight up
do you think it looks like a dog but is
it all fake news at least one passerby
seems to think so
Adrian Brown al-jazeera Beijing
