it's hard to concentrate in class when a
chunk of your skull has been blown away
by a rubber-coated bullet muhammad
Tamimi was shot in december by an
israeli soldier during protests in the
occupied West Bank
he's 15 years old come on swab before
the injury
I used to understand things when I read
he says but now I don't I forget a lot -
in every five children in the Middle
East are living in a conflict zone
according to save the children
that's the highest rate globally and
that includes countries like Syria Iraq
Yemen and here in the occupied
Palestinian territories and it's here
that conflict has endured the longest
from the start of the first Palestinian
uprising in 1987 just in the last 12
months 14 children have been killed and
almost a thousand injured in
confrontations in the West Bank Sarah hi
Annie honey honestly it's not just
Mohammed I have almost weekly cases
rubber bullets to the legs in the body
not to mention the arrests and
imprisonments some of these kids also
have parents in prison leaving no one to
take care of them or give them the
support they need at home they struggle
with psychological issues since 2010 the
number of UN verified cases worldwide of
children being killed or maimed has gone
up by almost 300% many things have
become difficult things are not like
before when he wants to play I keep
telling him to come back and not to play
so now he feels that he is different
from the other kids Muhammad will soon
have a lengthy series of operations to
reconstruct his skull
he'll never fully recover but he hopes
he says to be able to play football
again Burnett Smith al-jazeera
Ramallah
