desperate refugees outside jakarta's
immigration detention center families
with small children even newborns are
camping outside the gate hoping to be
let in
many of them have skin problems sabe
hula nursery is from Afghanistan he says
after four years in Indonesia
he has lost hope any country will accept
him and his family money provided by his
family back home has run out we ask from
them just put us in prison but give us
the food give has the floor to see live
give us something that we should not be
under there in under the Sun Indonesia
is not a signatory to the UN Convention
on refugees many use the country as a
transit point to go to Australia or to
be resettled in the United States or
Europe but more than 14,000 have been
stuck here after most countries closed
their borders
sorry Jafari was 7 when she arrived in
Indonesia four years ago she and her
family barely survived a journey when
their boat sank so my my father can
support us so I can't study so that's
why we are slipping into it but
immigration officials say they can't let
the refugees in the detention center is
already overcrowded inside the detention
center conditions are even more grim
more than 300 refugees have been
detained in a place with a capacity of
only 100 cramped together in these small
rooms many have fallen ill refugees who
have been waiting for many years to be
resettled to another country have now
become prisoners in Indonesia many
refugees hope international
organizations will take care of them as
soon as they are detained but the UN
agency for Refugees the UNHCR says
there's not enough money to help all the
refugees stuck in Indonesia increasingly
some have decided to return to their
home country instead last year 400
returned to Afghanistan although the
UNHCR says the country is not safe not
from our perspective
but if refugees are willing to go if
they decide that it's safe enough for
them to go back home we can't we
wouldn't stop them
and certainly there are refugees that
have returned back to to Afghanistan
from various countries it's a desperate
attempt to because I have no other
option I can't make that decision for
anyone it is a decision that every
refugee makes for themselves while the
Indonesian government says it's looking
for a solution for these stranded
refugees people from the neighborhood
are providing them with water food and
medical help
but in numbers are increasing and it
will be hard for volunteers to continue
to support them step fasten al Jazeera
Jakarta
