this is the time in an Olympics that
hosting can seem like a really good idea
the action comes they come fast
the excitement bounces from venue to
venue and each host nation medal
provides a podium step closer to
justification of the expense but with
any Olympic Games the question needs to
be asked what next will there actually
be a legacy
well the Olympic Stadium project alone
cost a hundred and nine million dollars
and yet that stadium will be used just
four times for the opening and closing
ceremonies of the Olympics and
Paralympic Games I asked Michael shin of
the Pyeongchang organizing committee
Pocock if it's true it will then be
demolished he insists they do have plans
for the site it looks like I'm a
Pentagon and then so we are still having
the main building which can be called a
main building so after the games it can
be used to for a lot of our cultural
events and activities like a showing
something and showcasing something those
who closely followed the long journey to
this northeastern part of South Korea no
concern and apathy usually turns to
positivity during Olympic fall night
though all sorts of concerns raised fair
about the lack of people who were going
to be here the lack of interest the lack
of snow men all manner of logistical and
organisational things and I think was
being clearly some TV problems but
generally speaking the crowds have been
good and yeah I think compared with the
last games I was out in vo it's been a
lot easier what about the Paralympics
that take place here next month is that
event going to be a success tickets for
disability sport can be a hard sell but
the positive vibe of an Olympics can
kick-start a ticket surge and Pocock's
say they are proud of their sales so far
they also point to the social impact it
will have in Korea Olympic Games diss
justice support but peril it gives this
a really related to the people's
attitude or to people with any
impairment do you think the Korean
people will respond to that
we've saw when the circus departs
reality can sink in that it was a party
not a legacy but in this region they're
confident Koreans will return here
remember their historic Winter Olympic
year and be proud
the Wellings al Jazeera Pyeongchang
