every morning Iranians wake up to find
the money in their pockets is worth less
than when they went to bed that's
because the Iranian rial has been on a
downward spiral for years
Iranian see the US exchange rate as an
indicator of the country's economic
climate for many small businesses the
forecast is not good the price of $1.00
directly impacts our business it's been
30% more expensive over the past two
months so everything we buy cost us 30
percent more for early telephony higher
costs equal higher prices that means
fewer customers for his handbag business
she's leaking water fast with about
Cabrio
what's clear even by previous presidents
is that they could do nothing we're
suffering from bankruptcy
I can only enterprises are banks
bankrupted we cannot do anything
and soon the exchange rate will go up
even more Iranian leaders say the
problem is temporary but people remain
unconvinced
president Hassan rouhani's
administration is under pressure to be
seen doing something about the falling
value of the Iranian rial and on
Wednesday
police arrested dozens of black market
currency traders in downtown Tehran
these men make up an informal currency
trading floor that operates on Tehran
streets normally the police ignore them
but recent rate hikes prompted this
crackdown on irregular money trading
while a power move like this may be a
good way to respond to public criticism
experts say it isn't enough to stabilize
the value of Iran's money
abuzer nudge me as an economist and says
the most recent volatility is down to
one person u.s. president Donald Trump
an unpredictable event happened that was
shocking even for America when the Trump
administration took office all the
equations changed Trump's the threat to
pull out of the nuclear deal and oppose
new sanctions on Iran has put off many
investors especially in the United
States the world's biggest economy if we
assume that there are no sanctions and
around enjoyed normal relations with
other countries and our banks could
operate normally the government could
easily stabilize the foreign exchange
market while Trump won't be President
forever Iranian czar Lou
in patients with their own president and
the ever declining value of their own
currency Zayn Basra via al Jazeera
Tehran
