the deteriorating military situation
dominated a Security Council meeting it
was both tense and grim I've been now
for years
special envoy this is as violent and
worrying and dangerous a moment as any
that I've seen in my time he mentioned
all the nations now fighting in Syria
the Turkish operation around our friend
and the Assad government continued
bombardment of eaglet and eastern booter
civilians have been killed on a horrific
scale reports suggest more than 1,000
civilians in the first week of February
alone he went on to describe
developments in recent days the u.s.
attack on Assad forces near dara'a or
and Israeli airstrikes in Syria
including on Iranian targets but both
these operations were later defended by
the US ambassador the United States will
always reserve the right to act in
self-defense the Assad regime has become
a front for Iran Hezbollah and their
allies to advance the irresponsible and
dangerous agenda for the Middle East
outside the council chamber the French
ambassador warmed the situation in Syria
risks spiraling out of control all the
ingredients are present if we do nothing
about it
urgently for a major regional and
international confrontation the UN's
latest modest peace effort based on the
outcome of a conference in the Russian
city of Sochi seems now to be in doubt
mr. de Mistura wants to select members
of a new committee to come up with a new
constitution for Syria but President
Assad's ambassador at the UN rejected
that when immunogenic walked in Mortimer
participants of this conference did not
grant any authority for mr. de Mistura
to set up this committee with the shield
afterwards I asked him for further
clarification
don't get lost into the little details
there was none what we've constantly
seen is the Syrian government not being
prepared to fully engage with your plans
isn't it now time as yet again they seem
to be not engaging for you to call them
out on their obstruction I am a diplomat
and I'm a facilitator my job is not to
call out anyone is actually to make sure
that we move forward in the hours before
the Security Council meeting the first
convoy of aid was delivered since
November to Eastern guter every bit of
health is obviously welcomed by a
starving community but diplomats pointed
to a familiar and somewhat cynical
pattern by the Syrian government it's
only when it's in the international
spotlight with a meeting like this that
a small amount of aid is finally
delivered James BAE's al Jazeera at the
United Nations
