the south african president has still
not quit everyone now agrees he must
step down so why is the ANC seemingly
incapable of sacking its controversial
leader this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Marcin Dennis a South Africa's ruling
ANC party has been beset by several
major challenges including corruption
scandals a stagnating economy and two
years ago it suffered its worst election
results ever but today Africa's oldest
liberation movement is being tested like
never before
it took the party a while to agree that
President Jacob Zuma should go
but after marathon meetings and midnight
talks the president is still clinging to
office
Zoomers second term was supposed to end
next year but allegations of multiple
corruption cases have led to his early
recall well this isn't the first time a
president's been recalled in South
Africa in 2008 the ANC recalled then
president Thabo Mbeki
over accusations of abuse of power and
beki immediately resigned announcing his
decision in a televised speech two days
later
Parliament formally accepted his
decision an interim president was
nominated to serve the remaining nine
months of mecca's term until Jacob Zuma
won the 2009 general election well
President Zuma has responded to the
ANC's demands for him to go he gave his
first interview to local TV on Wednesday
this is some of what he had to say will
you resume assisting know if in the
manner in which it is taken even the
manner in which it is taken he's very
strange to me there is such a rush in
the letter that is written to him one
line towards the end says engagement is
open that we can still engage in other
still persuade in my response that I was
going to be doing I am also saying I am
open to further discussions but they are
Russian I'm told now there tecnique
decision that tomorrow in Parliament
there's going to be a vote of
no-confidence nobody's even come to me
to say we are moving if we don't
what is the rush I've been asking this
question all the time alright let's
bring in our guests now in Johannesburg
we have Allen le mani who is president
of the progressive Professionals forum
and a member of the ANC in Cape Town we
have Bantu Halle Misa who's Member of
Parliament and president of the
opposition party the United Democratic
Movement also in Johannesburg William
gamma-d
associate professor at the school of
governance at the University of
Witwatersrand thank you all very much
indeed for joining us but my Nellie can
I start with you in Johannesburg we've
just heard from President Zuma who still
seems to be in a state of denial and
we've heard him basically dissemble and
stall for time is very much the way it
seemed to me yeah look I listened to the
interview I must say as city air my
heart has just said to be honest with
you I've never seen President Zuma
speaking with so much pain as it were
and I think the social media and media
in general out there had positioned his
attitude somebody that is defying his
own party somebody that is defying the
African National Party having listened
to the that's that's the impression I
had before I saw that what that's the
impression that was created rather in
their public domain now I haven't
listened to with the clip in the clip
like I must say I must be honest with
you quite a completely different picture
in the clip where I saw I saw somebody
who has it pains to cooperate with the
African National Congress I mean this is
the head of cabinet that what that had
agreed that the deputy president would
at times chair cabinet all this as part
of presenting a united face yielding to
the African National Congress here is a
president that is saying here that I had
agreed with the president brahma possa
our new president of
can I tell Congress a way forward and
the president and I'm a person after
those discussions issued a statement to
say that discussions were fruitful and
were moving forward and then then then
all of a sudden there was this u10 okay
I don't want to go through this recent
history because a lot of us have been
following it every detail of it quite
painfully can I go to a band to holla
Mesa in Cape Town and you are a veteran
observer of ANC politics what is the ANC
doing wrong that it can't get rid of
Jacob Zuma well what is coming out
clearly here is that ANC leadership did
not follow correct channels procedurally
the decision to recall President Zuma
should have been on their agenda in the
NEC from the word go I'm sure we
wouldn't be in this quad Maya because in
that motion they would have explained to
the rest of the Inez members why they
are deciding that he should be recalled
and then that message if the consensus
is arrived at should have been conveyed
to President Zuma immediately after the
end is meeting that was through a month
ago but it looks as though it was an
afterthought when they were reminded by
President Zuma to say procedurally
according to the NZ policy you should go
back to the NEC but be that as it may we
welcome this decision on behalf of the
United Democratic Movement and I'm sure
a lot of political parties in Parliament
are in unison after an almost four or
five years campaigned by opposition
price okay to say that President Zuma
must go alright let's go to William go
medi now
all right so if we accept to a banty
holla Mesa is saying and that
procedurally the ANC may have made a few
mistakes this crisis though is being
depicted by some as a crisis within the
ANC itself a matter of preserving the
unity of the party and them inflicting
it on the country I mean is that how you
see it this is exactly wise you know the
way of I see is I think I mean the ANC
leaders have really underestimated Jacob
Zuma you know Jacob Zuma his view on
governance and which is you know a lot
of analysts including myself as says
before he he thinks his above is bigger
than the ANC itself and then he said and
that is very very sad and and I think
also it he looks at his presidency or he
looked at it as almost the chief that
because he's the president he can change
the rules of the party and the rules of
the country now it was a very important
thing to understand now I think the ANC
National Executive Committee was not
prepared did not look at that reality
because if one looks at that reality
they would have had a different strategy
they would have had a plan B Jacob Zuma
was never going to resign because he
thinks he is the ANC and he thinks
because he's that leader the chief he
government is his personal possession
and the ANC's his personal possession
their 10 demands a different approach to
get him out
alright I'm one le then from what we're
hearing it sounds very much as though
the ANC today in 2018 is split beyond
recognition those who are broadly
speaking prosumer and those program
opposer
and reform look 2018 now with our new
president president Rama pause I wish we
all fully support a city--a myself as a
full supporter of President Rama posts
are going forward I really just think
that there was some technical glitch in
the transition this is why the inci had
a process of managing transition and I
really think that William comedy is
totally incorrect in easy
analysis if he's positioning President
Zuma somebody that pretends to be a
bigger than the party if he had listened
to the clip he would know I think what
perhaps could have happened differently
which is what President Zuma would have
probably accepted this decision easier
is if he was taken through the thinking
process of on these points that were
raising in terms of this transition this
is how NEC process the points this is
how it responded to these points having
taken everything into consideration
still ended up with this decision I
think he would have been happier that
way but what seems to have happened is
that there was some processing yes but
I'm not so sure if his side of the story
was analyzed properly defeated so to
speak sitting here now with an ANC NEC
decision which really is the decision of
the condition we really have to move
forward on this what about the division
what about the division within the ANC
how much damage has this miscalculation
or this misstep by Cyril Ramaphosa calls
to the party itself look I think it's a
it's a it's something that ANC is an
organization that is very sophisticated
and I'm sure the inci will find a way to
deal with this matters there could very
well be a lot of other factors that are
not easily accessible to people that are
not part of these meetings and all of
that but they NC is a very strong and a
tough organization very sophisticated
with a serious track record I'm sure
this you'll be able to rise above all of
this and lead the nation everybody in a
in C is very desperate for unity is very
desperate for an NC that muster in 2019
elections and I'm sure as the ANC will
consider all of this in to take this all
of this into account and then see will
still be victorious in fact I think this
could also work in the interest of the
NC because everybody has been saying
President Zuma this pessimism
that is fine let President Zuma go and
retire at home and then let's deal with
the issues let's see now what else our
people are going to be coming with
because they're the the good policies of
the ANC we're sort of submerged because
people keep a presence a mother's
presence uma that we've removed phrasing
Zuma now well actually need to be in
trouble now he's not gone yet this is
the very point Banta hollow Mesa and
Cyril Ramaphosa has tiptoed so
delicately around the sensibilities of
President Zuma why he said that he
wanted to effect her a smooth and
dignified transition but it's been
anything but well we've taken note of
what Cyril Ramaphosa had said given that
they are resolution in the recent
conference was to promote unity amongst
themselves because ANC was imploding it
was disintegrated so he had to say that
because they're Zuma within the ANC
structures is still popular but that is
history now what we are going to be
focusing on is issues which are
affecting our country unemployment the
performance of our economy the problem
surrounding our education and also to
deal with the day to day
Aniki we are witnessing in our two towns
cities and on the highways and also that
the debate in Parliament I'm sure is
going to be an intellectual robustness
away from howling and shouting to a
questionable character in this in the
office of the president so it's going to
be a positive approach right from from
here onwards and I hope that the world
will give us another chance to say we
are ready to recover the lost ground
William comedy a bunch of hollow misery
speaking
wrong perhaps the world's first major
city to run out of water it's happening
it's due to happen at anytime soon um
how much of what is the backdrop against
which this political drama has been
unfolding we banter Holly Mesa has
mentioned dreadfully high unemployment
there's a big crisis when it comes to
tertiary education for instance I mean
really we've been spending the almost a
decade now you know dealing with Jacob
Zuma's you know his mismanagement lack
of focus you know trying itself protects
and trying to prevent himself from being
prosecutors and so on so there's been
really no focus on governing dealing
with the complex issues of the country I
mean the unemployment the education
system the black education system
totally destroyed
you know we're returning and you know
we're getting anacott and educated
children black children leaving
perpetuating you know sort of the
apartheid education health systems
absolutely could collapse the public
health system you know but we haven't
focused on it because Jacob Zuma has and
his personal issues has taken the bulk
of all of the political focus and so on
so really is I mean I think the most
damning and mostly the saddest thing is
is ordinary black voters you know who
don't know what's what's going on that
they innocently in the evening but for
the ANC with Jacob Zuma and it is
actually destroying their lives or
making it more difficult you know for
their lives to be better because he's so
self absorbed into his own legal issues
you know his issues to try to get out of
you know corruption charges and also the
pattern is in the corruption issues you
know around him around his alleys and so
on making it very difficult to give
black South Africans you know or to the
Aurora to defer their dreams of good
public services better education yeah
you know and giving them what they've
been but he didn't get during our past
days and for me that is the most damning
and the saddest part of Jacob Zuma's
presidency and I think well
have to be truthful about this and we
have to face it or today and she doesn't
do it
it cannot recover out of this crisis
gonna be very difficult to get out of
this crisis that Jacob Zuma's left if
left a and C more than a hundred years
old
most probably has to destroy this party
and I think it's going to be very
difficult to recover from this even if
with with from certain I'm opposed I
just got a really struggle it's going to
be a peel battle you know the legacy
that Jacob Zuma left here for just
hundreds yeah movement with generations
have set for this rise under a decade
William Graham Eddie very passionately
then pointing out their hands one le
what he thinks the task is ahead for
Cyril Ramaphosa has Cyril got what it
takes to reunite the party and then to
deal with the last years if you like
from what William committee was saying
that the the Zuma presidency has been a
matter of neglect of the country yeah
look I think it's quite unfortunate to
have the kinds of use expressed by with
a commander such an educated person
because they fair we were to deal with
this matter intellectually would all
realize that even in government
President Zuma says with no less than
thirty four ministers each one very good
in the things that they do now when
things go wrong it's very important you
want to say education let's look at what
everything else happens around education
and the various departments to just
simply simplistically because you hate a
person you just lump everything on one
page Iowa just don't think it's fair has
to carry the bar I think it's very
active going forward I think the ANC has
noted all of this indeed I'm sure there
will also be a lot of reshuffling and so
on even with cabinet is unavoidable and
we are very committed all of us to rally
behind our new president Rama pasa to
take the country to the next level the
branches of the ANC were the first ones
to ensure that they vote a kind of
leadership that breaks the slate
kind of leadership that brings unity so
a bigger credit should I try to go to
the branches of the ANC that have
decided that enough is enough and as the
branches of the ANC they're going to put
a particular leadership there not only
that they have got very specific
resolutions that need to be implemented
and we are looking on upon present
Ramaphosa to ensure that the resolutions
of the inci branches are actually
implemented in government so when that
happens that's going to bring all the
things that everybody's talking about so
looking forward to present Ramaphosa
implementing all the attractions of the
okay and with President Zuma out of the
way he will be out of the way come
tomorrow
whichever way but he'll be out of the
way come tomorrow now we'll be squarely
focused with the challenges of the
country and there we have confidence in
president roza that he takes okay it's
going to be a great year sorry to
interrupt you but Banta hala mesa in
your estimation how would you assess the
state of the anc right now what is the
first thing that Cyril Ramaphosa will
have to do once he gets rid of finally
gets rid of Jacob Zuma what's the first
thing he has to do well he if he was to
n credibility among South Africans River
Mufasa must make sure that phase two of
the agenda of the opposition offense one
was to take suma out because of corrupt
related cases second phase now Sorrell
must lead in making sure that he
establishes special courts he gives
resources to the police and make sure
that the judicial system of South Africa
criminal justice system is functioning
well without political interference
secondly South Africa is not
going to be run by ANC alone anymore
they will have to swallow that they will
have to swallow their pride because we
can no longer put all our eggs in one
basket they will have to end this trust
by working hard
therefore South Africa from now on we
have to work together not to rely only
on one part what if comes out alright um
we're running out of time and so William
go medi I'm just wondering really what
do you think the state of play is
regarding the judicial system which
Bantu halle Mesa has outlined needs
supporting in in the first flush of a
ram opposer presidency what else does he
need to do to turn around the fortunes
of the ANC which as we've witnessed from
the last elections two years ago have
sunk to an all-time low you're not a
very first thing is of course not to try
to unite the ANC because you know they
essentially two agencies now and and and
and Jacob Zuma hasn't made it easy for
him because they consume ugly you know
he hasn't resigned yet so you know so
does he still you know just drama is
still continuing and the longer the
drama continues you know the more
difficult it gets for an opposer to
bring the ANC together and remember he
doesn't you know the next Alexis in 2019
he's got a possible have under twelve
months to try to unite ANC even you know
by you know the focus and the energy of
Rama pose is going to be on uniting the
ANC it's gonna make it very difficult
for Rama paws are really to even to deal
what all as a substantial other issues
you know on the judiciary trying to
clean up the police service getting
economic growth going getting mark of
confidence going right it's going to be
very difficult for him if he has to
focus on just uniting GIS you which is
going to be the case all right
Banta holla Mesa can I come to you and
give you the last word on this show in
many ways Jacob Zuma has given you an
open goal it's been really easy for the
opposition to score points in Parliament
hasn't it with a Cyril Ramaphosa
presidency what is going to be your line
of attack what are you
gonna be aiming for in terms of
upsetting the ruling party well the
United Democratic Movement is patriotic
political party we were forced to target
Zuma because of his behavior in that
office and we're vindicated by the
Constitutional Court on that when it
says he has violated out of his office
so Cyril Ramaphosa we are not going to
focus on Cyril MA from a posture will
give him a chance but what we are going
to put on table is the concrete program
demanding that the resources of this
country must be channeled towards the
disadvantaged community and address the
backlogs and imbalances of the past so
if he doesn't throw the line then let
the voters then have the last word
alright can I thank all of you very much
indeed
it was Ron le mani talking to us from
Johannesburg Bantu Halle Misa from Cape
Town and William gamma-d also from
Johannesburg thank you all very much for
a very lively conversation and as ever
thank you for watching the programme you
can see it again anytime you like by
going to the website aljazeera.com if
you want more discussion you can go to
our Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story and
there's always the Twittersphere our
handle is at AJ inside story I'm at
Martine Dennis so from me and the whole
team here in Doha is bye for now
you
