Colten boo she was in a vehicle with
several others when he was shot in the
head by Gerald Stanley Stanley said his
family and property were under attack
and the gun had misfired when he tried
to frighten those in the car for his
trial defense lawyers rejected all
potential jurors with indigenous
backgrounds it took just 15 hours for an
all-white jury to acquit Stanley of
second-degree murder protests erupted
across the country last Saturday against
a verdict many saw as racially motivated
indigenous activists say the criminal
courts routinely deny them justice both
as victims of violence and as defendants
it's like losing their son all over
again to say that his life has no
meaning
that this is allowed and then what does
it mean for the rest of us like do we
need to keep worrying that our lives are
in danger by people who have racist
ideas about us members of boosie's
family headed to Ottawa to press for
change to the justice system after two
days of meetings the family says the
government is listening to them and
they're keeping up pressure for action
not just words of comfort as a family we
want to be a part of that process so
that these and justices are addressed
and that we feel justice for our brother
for our son for our nephew the prime
minister what concrete steps will he
take since he was elected just over two
years ago Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
has been promising indigenous people
redress and reconciliation so far he's
talked of change but no specifics yet we
have come to this point as a country far
too many times indigenous people across
this country are angry they're
heartbroken and I know indigenous and
non-indigenous Canadians alike know that
we have to do better the federal justice
minister says she's looking at changes
to the jury system as protesters and the
bushi family have been demanding still
indigenous Canadians have heard promises
of reform before promises that haven't
been kept this time they say the outcome
must
be different Daniel lack al-jazeera
Toronto
