if Summer Olympics are the biggest the
cool Olympics come in winter there is a
vibe amongst competitors and spectators
that can give the games a youth appeal
so why did market research in Korea
before the Pyeongchang games paint such
a worrying picture for Olympic bosses
the survey said under 30s particularly
Under 20's were more excited about such
II four years ago than their own games
but the International Olympic Committee
says it's evolving to appeal to the
younger market we've developed the
program specifically in certain ways to
reach out to young people through youth
focused events it's a big part of
Olympic agenda 2020 it's a big part of
what we're doing with the Olympic
program generally you see that coming to
life here in Pyeongchang you see the
results with the engagement of young
people in the way that the young
athletes themselves are responding to
that energy there is plenty to attract
young people it's not just the sport but
the sound and look particularly fresh
events like slopestyle despite the
bitter cold and wind it was 90 percent
skill and 10 percent fashion parade with
plenty of teenagers competing but sport
is now consumed in a different way the
IOC feel they've connected with new
generations by the events they include
and by engaging with them on social
media platforms is it working well this
is known as coffee Street in the Gangnam
coastal area many of the Pyeongchang
events take place in a Custer coaster
here and there's plenty of visitors when
I talk to my friends they don't seem to
have such a great interest in the
Olympics because young people do not
have a spare time to be interested my
older friends seem to know about the
Olympics when I talk to them whereas
younger friends don't seem to have a big
interest and become more indifferent and
then there's eSports a huge deal in
Korea first it spread so fast globally
that tens of millions prefer it to
traditional sports it can't be ignored
but is not part of the Olympics yet does
that mean we'll see eSport on the
program of the next Olympic Games or
Olympic Winter Games probably a step too
soon right now it's about engagement
through the Olympic channel through our
partners out to that community find ways
that we can engage with them and see
where that takes us beyond that
the young Koreans we've spoken to at
these Olympics are excited and proud but
across the nation some are uneasy about
the games being used as a political tool
by their leaders and those of North
Korea the International Olympic
Committee knows it needs to reach out to
these young Koreans and the younger
generations everywhere to keep these
five Olympic wings special Lee Wellings
al Jazeera gangneung
