this is Egypt's former anti-corruption
chief Shanga Nina speaking hours before
he was arrested
I had hoped an opportunity be given to
the chief of staff Samy Annan to give a
testimony freely and without
intimidation for the record so that all
things come clear before the public
Janina had been increasingly critical of
the CC government since Egyptian police
arrested the former military chief of
staff Samy Annan last month an an was
arrested after announcing he would run
against President Abdel Fattah el-sisi
in the upcoming presidential election
Janina warned that top secret files
would be released if a man was harmed in
any way is his testimony mere hair say
or supported with evidence he's in
possession of documents and evidence
which is not kept here in Egypt you mean
out of Egypt yes
could these pieces of evidence changed
the course of trials of course no doubt
could they incriminate many yes janina's
daughter says hours later 30 police
officers stormed his home in Cairo
before leading him away analysts say the
egyptian president is targeting anyone
who could risk his chances of a second
term in the march polls they say where
the secret documents exist or not
president Sisi isn't taking any chances
I don't know what it is that would be so
scandalous that it would be threatening
to them but it could also Christian then
he's trying to disrupt the regime from
other perspectives of making other
people worried he could then try to
pressure the government to to make a
deal with Iran then they could be
implicated this weren't enough everybody
had been pushed out or arrested as the
case of an iron and then so yeah there's
I mean there's no real competition it's
its formality international and regional
rights groups say there is no chance the
March election will be free and fair
Human Rights Watch and the International
Commission of Jurists say CeCe's
government has suppressed freedoms
arrested potential candidates and their
supporters several other presidential
hopefuls have either dropped out or
being pushed out of the race in recent
weeks these include mohamed anwar sadat
the nephew of former leader Anwar Sadat
he withdrew in January saying it was to
protect his campaign workers from
intimidation or arrest and the former
Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq tweeted his
withdrawal from the race earlier last
month that was after he was deported
from the United Arab Emirates where he
had been living in exile Shafiq's
lawyers say he was arrested as soon as
he landed in Cairo use military said in
a statement that janina's comments
raised suspicions about the state in its
institutions and that the matter would
be referred to the relevant authorities
to start legal proceedings
Janina had been among an ins top
election campaign aides now they are
both in jail just weeks before an
election which president Sisi says he
will win chance transferred al-jazeera
