the corruption scandal has swirled
around him for months but never at this
intensity addressing the nation
Benjamin Netanyahu was determined to
project resilience and confidence with
Unitas slim I will continue to lead
Israel responsibly and faithfully as
long as you the citizens of Israel
choose me to lead you I am certain I am
certain that the truth will be revealed
and I am certain that at the next
elections which will be held on schedule
I will earn your trust again
Israeli police are recommending that he
be charged in two cases the first case
1000 involves gifts of cigars and
champagne made to the prime minister and
his wife Sarah the gift givers Israeli
born Hollywood mogul Arnon mil Shan and
Australian billionaire James Packer the
police are reportedly recommending mill
chan also be charged with bribery they
say in total the netanyahu's received a
quarter of a million dollars the
accusation the Netanyahu backed a bill
that would have saved his friend much
more money if he wanted to repatriate to
Israel Netanyahu rejected any such
suggestion in his late-night rebuttal
saying only that he helped him with a
visa application not in return for
cigars but because Mill Shan was a
friend of Israel and you know conquer
the last what movie do I'm not here for
personal gain if that was what was
driving me I would have been somewhere
else long ago what drives me is one
thing to assure the future of our state
in the second case Israel's Prime
Minister is accused of trying to get
favorable coverage in the country's
second biggest newspaper by offering to
hamper the activities of its main
competitor the police are also
reportedly recommending the proprietor
of the year off her anof newspaper be
charged with bribery the question now is
how much the Prime Minister's carefully
cultivated image of a wise economic
steward and strong security pragmatist
will be undermined by the tawdry details
in the police document was distasteful
is there is the pettiness of it he is
personally a millionaire
he doesn't need a billionaire to buy him
cigars more important than the voters
reactions may well be those of
Netanyahu's political allies will his
coalition partners continue to back him
and perhaps the most consequential
decision will fall to the Attorney
General whether or not to follow the
police recommendation
indict the sitting Prime Minister of
Israel Harry faucet al Jazeera West
Jerusalem
