over the better part of a century it had
been a central campaign promise in
February 2008 three months after being
elected Australia's new Prime Minister
apologized for decades of institutional
racism and abuse as Prime Minister of
Australia I am sorry on behalf of the
government of Australia
I am sorry watched by Australians across
the country Rudd was specifically saying
sorry to the Stolen Generations tens of
thousands of people who as children have
been forcibly removed from their
families to bring them up often
institutions as part of white Australia
instead it was a much-anticipated event
how did you feel giving that speech
personally I felt as if I was carrying
an enormous responsibility of my
shoulders on those important symbolic
national occasions you have to bring the
mood and the sentiment and the heart of
the country with you and so I spent a
lot of time including until about 3
o'clock that morning writing the speech
out by hand to make sure it was going to
be authentically me and therefore as the
prime minister of the country and
authentic apology to the indigenous
peoples who'd be assembled in the
chamber of the house as well but a
decade on many Aboriginal people say not
enough has actually changed official
policies to remove Aboriginal children
from their families ended in the early
1970s but even today indigenous children
are far more likely than others to be
placed in institutional or foster family
care Vanessa Turnbull Roberts spent 7
years of her childhood in different
foster families now studying to be a
lawyer she wants to stop other
individuals children and having
similarly disrupted childhoods when
someone says sorry I will forgive them
as long as they pull through with action
we have not seen action take part since
the apology we've seen nothing but over
30,000 young people be removed 2008's
apology came with a practical initiative
to close the
between the lives of indigenous and
non-indigenous Australians kevin rudd
created ambitious long-term targets to
improve the education employment health
and life expectancy of Aboriginal
Australians today
he says substantial progress has been
made but on Monday Australia's current
prime minister said that of seven
targets three are on track to be met
Andrew Thomas al-jazeera
