masked figures in an upmarket Kiev
restaurant shot get down the target is
the former president of Georgia Mikhail
Saakashvili he was eating lunch on
Monday when more than a dozen men in
military uniforms swept into the
building Saakashvili was a marked man in
Ukraine as an opposition leader who had
rallied against President Petro
poroshenko a close friend turned for
security camera footage posted on his
Facebook page shows him being dragged
out by his hair he's then thrown into
one of two white vans and driven away
he says his mouth and eyes were covered
as he was punched and pushed to the
floor of the vehicle a private plane
waited distant for Poland on arrival in
Warsaw who made these comments I was
very nicely met by Polish side and
Ukrainian side was absolutely outrageous
but aloneness was a kidnapping illegal
one but poles are very good too
poroshenko and Saakashvili had been
close friends the ukrainian President
granted him citizenship in 2014 and
helped him to become a regional governor
but suckish really turned on him with
allegations of corruption
poroshenko hit back stripping him of his
citizenship last year still his former
friend snuck back into Ukraine through
Poland and September the Ukrainian
border service says for that reason it
was a legal operation that suckish
really was sent to Poland now according
to the court's decision Mikhail
Saakashvili was on Ukraine's territory
illegally
that's why keeping with the judicial
norms he was returned to the country
where he came from for breaking the
national laws of Ukraine Saakashvili
supporters say he's fighting for justice
they chant resignation for president
poroshenko he's trying to deport all the
political opponents
can mobilize people in public opponents
in order to prepare to win the election
second time
well Saakashvili alleges the Ukrainian
president is corrupt others have accused
him of the same and say he should be
detained he cannot return to his native
Georgia because of charges of abuse of
power for now he'll likely stay in
Poland a temporary safe haven from his
political enemies Charlotte Palace
al-jazeera
