Fozzy genady is 16 years old and already
a veteran of the israeli prison system
in december he was visiting shops in his
home city of Ebron when protests started
around him his arrest was caught on
camera his parents gave us permission to
interview foul see he says he tried to
flee the protest and didn't take part
despite that Israeli soldiers pushed him
to the ground and stuck a new headman on
one of them caught me hit me on my chest
with the butt of his rifle he pushed me
to the ground and then all started
beating me they arrested me and took me
into detention and beat me again and
cursed at me he spent 20 days in
detention and is currently out on bail
he was arrested on charges of throwing
rocks and resisting arrest
the Israeli army says it's investigating
his claim of innocence he's having
regular hospital treatment because his
shoulder was broken during his arrest
his case is far from unique my leg Galef
lives with their parents and the jailers
in refugee camp in Ramallah it had it
made me grow no one enters prison as a
child then leaves us such they didn't
allow me to call my family or a lawyer
before investigation they used pepper
spray on me called me names and beat me
up the help group a defense of Children
International is concerned that the
Israeli military often makes violent
arrests the group says children often
lack proper legal representation during
the court process and the impact of
detention lasts well into adulthood what
we see is that those three months or
four months in in military prison for
having first stone-throwing for example
which is the most common charge end up
impacting the entire trajectory of that
child's life Palestinians in the
occupied West Bank are subject to
Israeli military law now for a very long
time
international human rights groups and
local human rights groups have
criticized the Israeli military courts
for handing down harsh sentences the
illegal occupation of their land by
Israeli forces is never far from
children's lives in the latest available
total from the Israeli prison Authority
in November said 313 Palestinian miners
were in jail for security offenses
Imran Khan al Jazeera Abram
