a gunbattle in a busy rio de janeiro
thoroughfare terrified motorists and
pedestrians look for cover desperate not
to become the next victims of stray
bullets violence is again out of control
in this city where a person is shot
every two hours in confrontations
between rival drug gangs or with police
bags the intensity of confrontations in
urban areas is new we're seeing younger
criminals with more and better weapons
last month alone there were more than
640 gun battles here in Rio and not just
upon the hills in the favelas or the
slums but right here
on the asphalt as people here like to
refer to the main part of the city these
shootouts with assault rifles have
become so common that residents are
resorting more and more to technology
rather than turning to the police
OTT means where are the shootouts it's a
non-profit application the tracks grim
battles in real-time based on
eyewitnesses media and police accounts
so that's where the initial concept you
know trying to help the Rio de Janeiro
citizens and therefore needs visitings
Rio to avoid those areas more than a
million people are using the app
including architect and Accorsi I have
started checking the OTT app to see if
there is something happening on the
roads I will be driving its alerting me
to make a u-turn when they're being gun
battles on my route the sharp spike in
violence is due in part to Brazil's
acute economic crisis rio and its police
department are now bankrupt and so in
the absence of effective police
protection residents of the emblematic
neighborhood of santa teresa are taking
extreme measures Daniella Freixo de
l'ile explains that closed-circuit TV
cameras were not enough to deter
criminals so the neighbors installed
sirens I can just do like this
I feel very anything every day I get
when I come home and when I leave I'm
scared it's a fear that's well-founded
in this city where 90% of murders and
assaults go unpunished you see in human
al-jazeera Rio de Janeiro
