for years Republicans in Washington
promised to cut government spending if
their party won the White House but for
the second straight year Republican
president Donald Trump's done just the
opposite we will build we will maintain
and the vast majority of Americans want
to see us take care of our
infrastructure on Monday
Trump presented his 2019 budget proposal
giving the world a hard look at his
administration's spending priorities
they include a proposal for 1.5 trillion
to rebuild roads bridges and airports
and 686 billion for the US military a 13
percent increase from the previous year
Trump's proposal also reduces the state
department budget by nine billion or 26
percent that decrease includes the
elimination of a program promoting
climate change we have spent 7 trillion
dollars in the Middle East 7 trillion
dollars what a mistake as with his 28
team plan Trump has again proposed cuts
to humanitarian and economic aid last
December he threatened to link foreign
assistance to support for us measures at
the United Nations like recognizing
Jerusalem as Israel's capital but when
it comes to foreign spending Congress
largely ignored Trump's last budget
proposal and is expected to do the same
for 2019 last week the US Congress
approved its own - you're spending deal
that the President signed into law
keeping the government open with boost
to defense and domestic spending that
congressional deal essentially overrides
the budgets released by the White House
the president has merely when it comes
to the budget the power to propose but
it is Congress that appropriates and
decides and Congress decided and
appropriated last week but what is
consistent about both proposals is
unrestrained spending Trump's budget
projects the deaf
set of more than a trillion dollars with
no plan for reducing America's spiraling
debt Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera
Washington
