in snow-covered fields 70 kilometers
southeast of Moscow
there's grim work going on this is where
a passenger plane fell out of the sky on
Sunday killing all 71 people on board
it's freezing cold and the force of the
crash meant people and plane were blown
to small pieces but the investigation is
making some progress economy separatist
so far only the parameter black box was
found the search for the voice recorder
is underway the content of the
recordings would allow the international
aviation committee to restore the
history of the flight in detail and to
establish the cause of the crash also
early eyewitness accounts that the plane
was burning as it fell are now being
discounted in the store money at the
moment of the crash the airplane was
intact with no fire onboard the
explosion took place after the plane
crashed but it's too soon for the
authorities here to say with any
confidence why the plane came down
sifting through all the fragments
scattered across the fields here is
going to be a laborious process hampered
by the deep snow hundreds of body parts
have already been found and
investigators say they're going to keep
looking for perhaps another seven days
WASC is in mourning the city of the
southern tip of the Ural Mountains is
where the Antonov 148 was flying to
relatives there are giving DNA samples
to help identify human remains
yekaterina lost her mother
Natalia Michelle rickover to the very
end yesterday we believe that at least
someone would survive we call the
airports barely managed to get through
and then they published the lists and
mum was second from the bottom of the
list like all those who've lost loved
ones she'll be waiting for any
information that can explain this
tragedy
Rory challon's al Jazeera Moscow region
