the uk's foreign secretary came to see
the situation with his own eyes Boris
Johnson tour door hinge a refugee camps
in Bangladesh and met with villagers who
remain in Myanmar's Rakhine State
he thinks Myanmar leader Aung San su Chi
does not fully understand the crisis I
don't think she's been up in a
helicopter to see what we have seen
today I don't think he has come through
to her the full extent the horror of
what has happened the horror Johnson is
talking about is what the u.s. caused
ethnic cleansing and the UN says it may
be genocide 700,000 Muslim Rohingya have
fled to Bangladesh and a mass exodus
since August that's when the military of
the Buddhist majority country began its
latest crackdown the RO hindi accused
the Myanmar army of mass killings rape
and the torching of their villages you
see they've done their villages yeah
August terrorist attack most of the
village waistband on Myanmar says its
military operations were a
counter-offensive two attacks by armed
oranga it's not known how many people
have died in these operations since
August but Doctors Without Borders
estimates at least 6700 roja were
murdered in the first month of violence
I've seen nothing like it in my life
hundreds hundreds of villages torched
it's absolutely devastating and I think
that it what is needed now is is some
leadership some calm but some leadership
working with the UN agencies Johnson is
calling on Myanmar to work with the UN
and repatriate the refugees back to
Rakhine State but under UN supervision
Myanmar has so far blocked UN
investigators from the region and a
high-ranking US diplomat recently quit
an advisory board saying he feared the
panel would whitewash the crisis new
reports and photos of mass graves are
increasing international pressure on su
Chi and her government I believe she can
still make a change and make a
difference but to do that she needs to
show lead get the agencies in get the
refugees back
in a way that is safe and voluntary and
undignified what remains to be seen is
if su Chi can live up to her 1991 Nobel
Peace Prize and put a stop to the
humanitarian and human rights crisis
that continued Paul Trudeau G on al
Jazeera
