it's a classic political tactic code the
news media on your way to power make
time for them smile for the cameras then
once you are sworn into office develop a
certain aversion to journalists to the
decision then we very rarely see
mackerel the Elysees palace is quite an
impregnable fortress macron does not
host luncheons with journalists like his
predecessor Francois Hollande used to he
stopped doing all of that there's never
an off-the-record moment he's a
president who is always on the red wagon
yep ended off McCraw arrived at the
Elysee Palace having been traumatized by
what had happened to his predecessor at
the hands of the media as Minister for
finance macron witnessed that from up
close and must have thought his solution
was to build a bowl so to speak between
him and journalist he was div clearly
released the first break in that wall
was microns mobile phone Francois loans
made his mobile number available to
journalists
dozens of them could contact the former
presidents any time McCune didn't want
to play the game that way and from his
earliest days in office he made it clear
which journalists he wanted covering his
story the outset Emmanuel macron seemed
like he was part president part
assignment editor usual for instance
only a few days into his mandate the
president decided to travel to molly's
he then contacted 13 media outlets to
let them know he only wanted journalists
he specialized in defense and foreign
policy not political journalist they've
caused quite a stir among media outlets
who rightly said that the president
should not be allowed to choose which
journalist to have by his side it was
his first show of strength and so
Deponia had fierce what good news on
this Wysocki domain a lot of journalists
think he almost never talks but that's
not true he talks about quite a lot of
jobs
they're mainly for ik and that annoys
French journalists a lot you talk to CNN
mr. president welcome to the program and
when he went to Africa he spoke to 200
students so it's not that he doesn't
speak it's just that he talks to others
the media here have no choice but to use
bits of these encounters go Media
imagine over at Jean Nouvel on Kolarov
electric Ron's choice of words is never
a coincidence
he often uses English terms so we can
appear met ha to make our planet great
again in task force on T - mini fake
news and it's very disrupting for us as
French journalists and also for French
people who feel disconnected we are not
the target of his messages he is
targeting business executives and
decision-makers worldwide I don't want
him within three months of taking office
having won 66% of the vote McCune saw a
sharp slide in his poll numbers his
proposed labor reforms and tax cuts were
making the wrong kinds of headlines
so Mike indeed what most politicians who
are having trouble with journalists - he
hired one bhunivelze PT a business
journalist was his new communications
director across the - magazine channel
he co-wrote a particular lead esoteric
Dusseldorf in terms of LGBT made room in
McCune scheduled for magazines like the
glossy party much and the conservative
liberal on the TV side if heard his boss
with surreal a noona a celebrity host
who is more of an actor comedian than a
journalism community media makan favors
media outlets to have a direct impact on
the public having a match which life
covering the presidential cuttle or
civil an owner whose
extremely popular with young people we
both swappers it oh come on self cocido
hallelujah
of course when makan cool fear nanana
live on TV the political journalists are
choking because they keep trying to
reach the president and in fact it was
almost five months before my call
relented and granted his first French TV
interview he didn't go to France state
broadcaster he chose the largest
privately owned channel in sequoias
course a little bit about what for this
is your new palaces wha when he finally
did speak to state TV McCaw and the
journalist laurent de la luz strolled
around the Elysee Palace it struck
French journalists and audiences is a
very American style of light touch
interviewing let dojin s the makuu
crumbs youths has been a major asset in
his political rise he realized he
couldn't present himself in the same way
as former presidents he needed to do
something in keeping with his new world
ideal so he invited someone from his
generation they met as two young people
one a present the other the journalist
with the most important audience in
France he decided to act like they do on
American shows I think macron tricks
Laurent della whose how do you conduct a
meaningful interview when you're
strolling through the Alisa's corridors
in dim light you can't ask sharp
questions in that kind of setting only
don't vote kuba veto missed a path to
solving bills a piece of you except by
accepting this format della boost was
forced to go in with a series of
softball questions it looked like a
concession from the press and it added
fuel to the fire regarding the media's
relationship with the president
but she knows a propeller knob I wish
you know a fellow in the national poppy
glass AP what are a man will make whore
no longer gives French journalist the
silent treatment but the relationship is
far from koryo he has criticized
previous presidents for being too close
to journalist accused the French media
of narcissism and has reportedly called
the state broadcaster La Ronde de la
r√©publique the shame of the Republic
McCrone has made it clear they are in
for an overhaul among the buzz words
being circulators there is restructuring
and externalization that means putting
more TV production work into the hands
of independent media companies but
there's also talk of big budget cuts
media analysts here say the proposed
reforms could result in less public
service journalism and eventually fewer
people holding power to account to
Ljubljana noia
Bushido for instance the government
plans to change the amount of airtime
parliamentary parties get on TV
this could mean about 70% of airtime
goes to the Crone's own party on marsh
and only 30% of their time goes to all
the others this could be a game-changer
for now we know very little about these
reforms necessary shouldn't prejudge the
president what a cetera to do to clear
out the whole history of French
presidents and broadcasters weather with
meteorologist with elan has been about
keeping public TV and radio under their
control I think he's really old world in
that he thinks he should have complete
control over public broadcasting sir but
Sumi is a pothole when it comes to the
media Makin's intentions are not all
that different to his predecessors even
if the tactics and the rhetoric are if
the French president gets away with it
his so-called revolution will be
televised
he's worth
