this is what so-called liberation from
ISIL looks like to Hassan Ali and his
family it's been six months since Iraq's
Prime Minister declared Nineveh province
freed Ali's house is still in ruins so
as much of Rabia town he used to work as
a farmer tilling the soil now he plows
the rubble of his home and reaps what
others have sown in his life we've given
up hope in returning home
we've been displaced for over three
years look at how our house has been
destroyed Ali fled when ISIL fighters
seized the nearby city of Mosul four
years ago he's not alone more than two
and a half million Iraqis remain
displaced by the war there have no money
to rebuild their lives so they live in
tent camps such as Hamel a lil south of
Mosul the government should look after
us I'm the only breadwinner I'm
supporting six children my parents and a
sick family member these are the people
the conference in Kuwait this week must
help if it's to succeed rejecting ISIL
from the third of Iraq the fighters once
controlled has left a wasteland human
rights groups such as Amnesty
International blamed both ISIL and the
us-led coalition for unnecessary
destruction and civilian deaths the
Nineveh reconstruction Committee says
the conflict destroyed three quarters of
Mosul's roads almost all its bridges and
2/3 of the electrical network UNICEF
says three-quarters of a million
children in mosul region lack access to
health services organizations and the
government does not get funding in the
quake conference the likelihood that
violence will repeat themselves are very
very high more children will be forced
to leave school more girls will be
forced to marry early we might see more
young boys joining the fighting Iraqi
officials come to Kuwait looking for
investments in over a hundred projects
everything from the agricultural sector
to the energy industry is on the table
and Iraq's Prime Minister well he says
he needs a hundred billion dollars to
get the job done it's a huge amount of
money we know our budget can't cover
that nor condone oceans it's all
impossible that's why we're resorting to
investment Iraq is counting on outside
help to salvage itself into a united and
functioning state but when asked what
commitments they're ready to make in the
Kuwait conference our policy posture has
changed since previous administrations
remember we used to be in the whole
nation building the United States
government is not doing that any longer
that outside interest may determine
whether Iraqis thirst for a normal life
will ever be quenched
Sammis aid an al Jazeera Kuwait
