Israeli soldiers collected debris on
Sunday at the site where an Air Force
f-16 fighter crashed a day earlier while
the investigation continues the army
told Al Jazeera it had confirmed the
plane was struck by a Syrian
anti-aircraft missile the first Israeli
fighter shot down since 1982 at the
border Israeli media reported
anti-missile batteries had been
increased after extensive Israeli
counter strikes the day before inside
Syrian territory yesterday we landed
hard blows and the forces of Iran and
Syria we made unequivocally clear to
everyone that our modus operandi has not
changed one jot we will continue to hit
back for every attempt a harmless for
any blow inflicted on us this has been
our policy and this will remain our
policy the incident began with the
downing of what Israel says was an
Iranian drone launched from Syria that
had crossed into Israeli airspace Iran
continues to deny the charge the
secretary of the National Security
Council saying the allegations by
Zionists that they hit Iranian bases in
Syria is a lie we are in Syria as
consultants we don't have the kind of
military presence for them to make this
allegation for years Israel's government
has been talking about a mounting
Iranian threat on its northern borders I
don't think we felt we were not too
vulnerable but we certainly didn't
expect it to happen this quickly so
that's why I'm saying it's a wake-up
call for the future the army knows how
to respond in a way it won't create an
escalation the only way it'll create
installations the other side wants an
escalation Israeli politicians have been
praising what they've called a comp uh
blick reaction to this incident but
they're also aware that it highlights
the increasingly complex and difficult
relationship with Russia and its role
inside Syria Israel struck targets close
to where Russian forces are based on
Saturday
prompting a statement from russia's
Foreign Ministry calling it absolutely
unacceptable to endanger the lives of
Russian soldiers inside Syria this after
months of diplomatic efforts to convince
Russia to help constrain Iranian
activity they're the one former senior
Israeli military intelligence officer
the loss of the plane and the extent of
the retaliation don't represent a new
phase in the conflict rather a reminder
of its stakes in the longer run not that
long
the Iranian presence in Syria should
come to an end and we expect Russia and
the United States to make sure that this
is going to be the end result is rayul
says its military response is now
complete but this weekend has put the
dangers of a larger scale cross-border
conflict into sharp focus
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West Jerusalem
