hi I'm from me okay South African
President Jacob Zuma's political future
is uncertain after days of negotiations
between him and the country's ruling
African National Congress this comes
more than a year before his second term
is due to expire today we discuss one
soon as possible departure means for
both the future of the ANC and South
Africa's political landscape I'm Malika
Bilal and you're now in the stream live
on al-jazeera
and YouTube a be sure to send you send
us your questions and your comments I
know you have a lot to say and we will
try and get it into this show I am
social activists and a former cabinet
minister and Nelson Mandela's cabinet I
am in the AJ stream
President Zuma has been at the center of
several scandals since he first took
office back in 2009 although he faces
more than 700 charges linked to
allegations of bribery and corruption
Zuma denies any wrongdoing and
maintained support among a segment of
the ANC but his scandals have been
considered by others in the party to be
a political liability ahead of next
year's general election amid mounting
pressure from within the party and
protests demanding Zuma must go ANC
officials led by South African deputy
president Cyril Ramaphosa met with Zuma
on Monday to discuss his fate al Jazeera
correspondent for me de Miller reports
from Johannesburg all those meetings
been going on for a couple of hours now
and the expectation is that the National
Executive Committee will come out to
push a Jacob Zuma to resign all
indication so far that his resisted that
and that's even through talks with the
president of the ANC Salama poza
over the last few days where they were
trying to come to some sort of solution
some sort of exit plan to get Jacob Zuma
out it seems that those talks collapsed
there were a number of demands from
Jacob Zuma which the ANC as a party even
though the governing party can't
necessarily meet around Indemnity around
prosecution related to these per
corruption charges and and even the
state covering the cost of legal fees as
well as security for his family now
these reports around what the president
may have wanted he's not stepped down
yet and so the expectation is that this
NEC meeting does come out with a
decisive plan and a push for Jacob Zuma
to step down from office Sophie Miller
will continue to report out that story
you can follow her on Twitter for me de
Miller so what will be Jacob Zuma's
legacy and what are the ramifications
are the resignation will here to help us
unpack this story in Johannesburg
readeth lobby is a talk show host
Tasneem ESOP is a researcher at the
society work and Development Institute
at Vitz University and Kumi Naidoo
is the chair of Africans rising that's a
pan-african movement of social justice
activists and civil service or
welcome everyone to the stream I want to
get started with our community pretty
active on this topic and for a while now
this is debo lalume who writes in we've
basically been kept in the dark it feels
like a whole lot of tiptoeing around
Zuma when he should just be booted out
no negotiations should be held with a
thief she goes on to say we've been told
to respect the process and wait at some
point they have to bite the bullet and
make a decision
Madiba hardwork rahuri to Nelson Mandela
there has crumbled in just a few years
it saddens us as a nation as we sit
around and just wait Reidy what are you
making of her comments on just waiting
can you relate to that well it is
absolutely apt I mean everything that is
said in that tweet is so appropriate and
a true reflection of the situation the
fact of the matter is that we are being
thanked and I'm not making this up the
deputy president who is the eighth
president of the ANC Salama poza
posted a tweet yesterday where he
thanked South Africans for their
patience and I thought nobody is patient
this has been dragging on for a very
long time and secondly it is quite
jarring to learn that the ANC thinks
this is its own private internal matter
it isn't it is about the country and
they've not taken us in today confidence
so I think that is a failure in a vacuum
of leadership so yes we are waiting I
would have just share this with you this
comes from the HuffPost South Africa
have a listen so you hear that coming
here that vuvuzela there in the
background as well the enthusiasm from
the crowd if we if we took a temperature
of the mood in South Africa right now
what would it be how do you describe it
well in September opinion polls were
already saying that seven out of ten
South Africans as a whole we're wanting
present too much to step down
immediately and within the ANC in
September it was already six out of ten
so right now following the ANC National
Conference with a new
ENC president in Cyril Ramaphosa and so
on I think that right now the mood is
shifted way in antagonism to present
Zuma and right now I think his behavior
confirms his presidency where he's
putting himself before the ANC he's put
himself before the country it's for
himself before the people and the way
he's handled us without no dignity no
sense of decorum and so on come here can
you give us an example of that because
you're sitting now in South Africa so
you're saying it almost play-by-play
lack of dignity explain give us an
example so for example President Zuma
always maintained with regard to the
corruption charges against him in the
early days he said I want my day in
court I want my day in court and once
the legal system started bringing
charges against him multiple cases he
has done everything possible everything
possible to actually delay facing those
charges and sadly it's been at the cost
of South African taxpayers so right now
I would say that he doesn't have pockets
of support it's waning it's declining
quite heavily but it's important in a
way we discussed this is to actually
just acknowledge that most of Africans
recognize that while the fish rots from
its edie as they say and we have to do
remove President Zuma none of us are
naive enough to believe that just
removing President Zuma is going to sort
out the decay the corruption the
absolute disrespect of our people at
multiple levels and we need not just
Jacob Zuma to go
we need the ANC to go back to its roots
I understand they are servants of the
people and stop acting like kings and
queens as many of the leadership have
been doing so you've just said what are
the other examples of Zuma being selfish
hitting disregard for the people in
putting himself first well the big
scandal was taxpayers money state
coffers about two hundred and forty five
million South African rands which is
about 22
in u.s. dollars used for refurbishments
and his private residence the Public
Protector who is tasked with
investigating such miscarriage of
justice and misuse of public funds but
Zuma had broken the law but he held on
it dragged on for two years he wouldn't
concede that he was wrong he wouldn't
pay back the money until he was
embarrassed in Parliament and until the
matter went to the highest court in the
land the Constitutional Court which
found that zuma had violated and failed
to defend the Constitution so that's a
perfect example of somebody who was in
it for himself but I will back up what
 is saying that even in that incident
the ANC would not turn its back on Jacob
Zuma they supported him they humiliated
the previous Public Protector she's left
office now
they literally disregarded the South
African public and showed us the middle
finger so that's why I kun is saying
this is not just about Jacob Zuma but
the entire NZ and I bet that's why
they're battling to get rid of him
because they too have been complicit in
this decay so really though it begs a
question and and to your point and also
to kumys why exactly now so I want to
read two tweets one is someone
referencing what you mentioned and it's
something we've also covered here on the
show Junaid says we pay 246 million and
on his home he clearly lied about what
his role in these huge amounts were this
resulted in him having to pay back a
small part of the money he was also
found guilty of breaking the
constitution we don't deserve a
president like that but nafeez ahir
points out something that a lot of
people are pointing out he says Jacob
Zuma has survived impeachment moves in
the past he's known of course some call
him Teflon Don but I doubt if he's going
to survive this mass action to sneem he
has survived in the past why do you
think now might be different why do you
think people like Nafisi are saying this
might make all the difference well he
has survived many votes of no confidence
and you know either you know public
trials in the last few years but why he
is really on the chopping block this
time and it's different is that there
was a really significant event that
happened in December and that was the
ANC's national elective conference so
the African National Congress went to a
conference
elected a new leadership and Zuma and
his preferred candidate and his factions
preferred candidate effectively lost the
presidency at that conference and that
put him in a very precarious position
because the incoming president well now
the president of the ANC so Rama Rosa
has been going against Zuma quite a lot
in the last few months so this this is
what has shifted and ultimately the
December conference shifted the
political sands in the ANC and then
shifted the political mood in the
country around Zuma and his presidency
is it too soon guest to talk about the
legacy what did suma do for South Africa
Kumi it's not and and really aunt as me
but let's not Riku me I gather it's not
too soon no it's not too soon his legacy
was written almost before he came into
power he was complicit in corruption he
has
I mean his legacy is corruption
corruption corruption they were certain
good things that he did but that could
have happened without him it wasn't
perfectly inspiring for example he's
held back because of corruption is held
back progress so for example on energy
he's insisted and driving forward a
corrupt nuclear deal with Russia and
notwithstanding every sector of society
opposing it including the majority in
the ANC because his son stands to
benefit from the nuclear deal so I think
the legacy will be that he destroyed a
lot of what Mandela built in terms of
the image in the status I mean myself as
a young 15 year old ANC activist from
that age it is it is deeply distressing
to see a movement that many of us gave
our lives to many people gave everything
to that is being destroyed so for me
Jacob Zuma within couple years in power
his legacy was that of corruption
manipulation lies
an abuse of the trust of the people of
South Africa toss me let me play this
for you it comes from the Pretoria
bureau chief of the African news agency
I was posted yesterday but the very end
of the bike there's something that I
want to ask you about let's have a
listen
but that please fellow South African do
not go to work tomorrow tomorrow
in all nine province please don't go to
work whether you're a police whether you
are a nurse whether you're a doctor
whether you are a say critic at whether
you're a garden boy whether you work in
a butter cake do not go to work because
they these crises that we are facing in
a fatass this man is like mu topping
South Africa
this man is like Maga be Tasnim so I
mean I think there are some significant
differences between the situation in
Zimbabwe and Mugabe and what's happening
in South Africa and his Ummah I think
it's for me it's a stretch to make that
comparison and I would have to see how
one makes it but it's something that
I've heard a lot it's something that a
lot of people will say you know so much
trying to be like Mugabe and so on I
think it needs a bit of reflection I
think we need to really think about what
what the real you know comparison is
there a comparison though that you know
Kumi kind of brought up was that of
Mandela's ANC and Mandela's government
versus Zuma's ANC and zoom US government
and perhaps I'm not as optimistic as my
other colleagues about you know the
early 1990s in South Africa but I've
heard this comparison to you know and
many people have said that Sorum opposed
and the new ANC will be going back to
kind of Mandela and see and I think
that's also something that we need to
press on that we need to critique the
idea of where the Mandela and C in
government got us and you know what what
we need now given that the context is
different so I think we need to also
create
sighs those kind of easy comparisons
Mandela's in Seas emergency I see the
the significant points where we can
where we can talk about how Mandela is
you know tenure as state president was
positive for the country but I think we
also need to be critical of that and
that comparison similarly to the
comparison of Mugabe and Zuma who me I
wanted to bring this up because it's
it's mentioning something that you
referenced earlier is very similar but
song on Twitter says when I joined the
ANC in 1989 it was a movement that
wanted to give a better life for all the
people who live in South Africa the
party now is beyond redemption and
should just exit the political scene the
ANC has become synonymous with
corruption on the other side of that
coin though we got this comment very few
and far between are comments like this
on our Twitter feed but she writes in my
president has done lots of things look
at the schools and universities who me
are there any redeemable qualities from
the legacy when you look back at the
legacy of Zuma that you can find I think
that they were the most important
intervention that he made was he did the
right thing on hiv/aids and did expand
the antiretroviral programs but I think
the credit for that
it's go to the treatment action campaign
and civil society rather than to Mandela
sorry to zoom I himself but I think that
what has Lim says is really important
because we must be very clear that the
ROPS
because Y was Zoomer able to get away
with what he has done over the last 10
years it couldn't be that it just
suddenly happened he came into power the
rock started a long time ago and I don't
want to I just want to be clear I don't
want to romanticize the the Mandela
years which was only 5 years in power I
was really talking about Mandela as the
leader of the ANC as a liberation
movement more so but it's you know much
as many of us had criticisms are very
you know range of different things on
land reform on economic transformation
and so on and the pace of it and the
Mandela I think when we look at where
rumor has taken us today that period
under Mandela would be still a golden
but people must be clear removing Zuma
is the first step then it's a question
of cleaning up the National Executive
Committee that also has a whole bunch of
corrupt powerful people in it and then
it's a question of humbling ANC humbling
itself and going back and listening to
people but just to be clear on that
tweet about as the ANC outlived its
value I think there are many people that
believe that right now the test is going
to be whether the ANC does well in 2019
elections is where they in fact the ANC
shows consistent passionate urgent
attention to eradicating corruption in
our state-owned enterprises in our in
institutions across the board and if the
ANC does things like try and shelter
people in the Zuma camp who have been
implicated by corruption and treat them
with one set of rules and treat the rest
of the South African people differently
then the ANC's is dead politically
speaking moving forward yes it might
still be the major party in the next
election but if the ANC currently in the
leadership doesn't the size of me
address corruption and shows that Zuma
ends up in prison let and and all the
ANC leadership needs to do is allow our
justice system which has been working I
think the one thing we all pray and say
thank God for the courts in our country
and I paid tribute to the judiciary and
civil society for their all they played
so far I want to share with you a
headline that really came up with and we
were just chatting just before the show
I said what was your headline for where
South Africa is right now really show it
with us your headline it's really is
headline realese headline take this one
out because we're not ready for that one
yet ready I want you to write the
headline where are we right now okay so
I really do think that Jacob Zuma is the
ket with ten lives because if he was
just a kid with nine lives we'd have
exhausted them all by now how does
somebody who is so scandal prone who's
facing multiple charges of fraud
racketeering and corruption we should
never disappear
throughout his presidency who has made
one constitutional blunder after another
what do I mean by that femi I mean that
every time Zuma in the presidency and
the government had been taken to court
most times they lose those cases in
court including when he was trying to
challenge the public protectors report
that he should pay back the money that
he that was used to refurbish his home
so I really do think that Jacob Zuma
still has some cards to play and the
reason your sample cards to play goals
goes back to what Cooney was saying that
some of his ministers have been
complicit in the corruption some of them
are tainted some of the members of the
ANC attainted so they can't just turn
around and say dude your time is up they
too have a case to to answer and I must
say that clip that he played earlier and
asked has mean what she makes of the ANC
members asking us all to not go to work
to shut down the country
I mean I'm exasperated by that nonsense
because civil society for years has been
saying Jacob Zuma is flawed in the ANC
is also disrespecting the Constitution
by continuously protecting him and now
at the 11th hour they want us to shut
the country down well we did try for a
couple of months we did try for a couple
of years as Jacob Zuma took us from one
scandal to another it was the ANC that
was there holding his hand protecting
him so now they're coming to the party
it is too little too late I'm afraid so
what is nuanced perspective on this
looking back some of the good and some
of the bad this person says looking at
the legacy this is Thomas he is a law
student in Pretoria and this is what he
told this dream the way young people
participate in political dynamics has
completely changed we see this in the
rise of student-led movements such as
bees must war and they show that during
the Zuma years radical action was
demanded and when it wasn't provided by
the government young people took it into
their own hands however an insidious
theme that has emerged through these
years is a complete mistrust for
authority and essentially the entire
system which most young Africans believe
to be inherently broken in contrast it's
also been a period where young South
African voices were amplified in a way
they have never been before it's been a
time where most young people
have become more legislated being
politically aware and in a sense this is
given our once official democracy it
kind of dip so to seem he mentions a
distrust for authority but also seeing
the light and all of that the good part
of that what do you make of that you
know it's interesting that he talked
about the fuse mass whole movement and
other kind of popular mobilizations that
have happened in the country and seumas
presidency and certainly what we've seen
is a huge student movement yes
but also massive community protests you
know across the country happening almost
on a weekly some would say in even daily
basis various small mobilizations in
communities around the country that
relate to various issues local issues
but it's it all links into bigger
politics and what I what I will say
about this is that while we've seen all
of that and we've seen these massive
kind of mobilizations across the country
we also haven't seen a huge popular
mobilization popular protest against
Zuma they have been attempts but I'm
also critical of these attempts so there
was a Zuma most full movement that
movement didn't manage to gain the kind
of support that many thought it would
they were a number a number of
criticisms around that even now in the
wake of all of this uncertainty that's
happening and supposedly many people
saying that most people in the country
want Sumer to go we still haven't seen
South Africans really taking to the
streets and because we are in a
country's name why why so I mean that's
that's the real question right one for
me at least is that in a country where
we see so much protest why haven't we
had a big popular protest around so my
leaving and that that really is a
question that I think we have to
collectively answer perhaps it's because
South Africans believe that the ANC will
be able to resolve this issue perhaps
it's because there is a fundamental
distrust for the system and that people
believe that you can't get rid of
someone like Zuma perhaps still it's
because there isn't sexist at name it's
like I made my all of the above really
what do you think sure exactly I
disagree with has named is Zuma must
fall marches that happened in April were
unprecedented to never have South
Africans in poster
South Africa marched against a sitting
president and they cut across ours at
what what one of the biggest to the
Union Buildings they were attempt prior
to that main event and that's why I say
it was that it was a success it cut
across racial lines and class lines I
think what has happened is that the
criticisms have been amplified but in my
view doesn't in any way diminish the
fact that this was an unprecedented move
and what was the criticism while the
charisma that white people in South
Africa I never March they're only March
when they are comfort is disturbed and
disrupted the criticism was that we have
what we call service delivery protests
and these are protests by poor people
who just want basic services like water
and electricity and you don't see white
people there perhaps that criticism was
deserved
there was a very cynical Wow the white
people in the middle class they never
there when real issues are affecting
people in perhaps that is a timid
criticism but that movement against Zuma
was unprecedented I would say that it
was it was successful and also people
protests different ways on social media
columns radio stations certainly the
voices are being amplified in a way that
they never were in them beigey and and
in in Monday night years fantasm and
Tommy can you believe that we've been
talking about this for half an hour and
I want to show you a headline here this
is the headlines from The Guardian so
this meeting has been going all day on
Monday still no result have a look at
that headline I know that none of you
will be surprised in South Africa is
being asked for patience this
conversation continues online using the
hashtag AJ stream thanks for watching
everybody
thank you guys very much indeed take
care
you
