few places in the world can boast the
kind of biodiversity found in Costa
Rica's forests here you'll find unique
species and unique climates but
deforestation is taken its toll over the
last 70 years about 80% of Costa Rica's
forest has been lost the Cloud Bridge
Nature Reserve researchers and
volunteers are fighting back we've got
the the river that in just a few short
years they've replanted and regrown
large parts of this rainforest and the
results are promising when we finally
captured a Jaguar on the camera trap he
was our our big cat that was a huge step
for us when we walked through the areas
that we've planted and and you see the
tree is large enough to make it on its
own and the forest is changing that's a
huge step you see it
like biologists from around the world
now come here to study what this kind of
regeneration can achieve the return of
species once lost to agriculture and
logging is for many an unforgettable
experience
I'm sure there's you know success
stories and other countries in other
places but having been able to
experience it firsthand here for so long
for sure it's gonna be something that
I'll look back on and tell people about
you know it it works the Cloud Bridge
Reserve is now an example of what simple
techniques patience and preservation can
achieve the countrywide huge progress
has been made it's astounding to see
what 15 years of regrowth can look like
and according to the United Nations
reforest ation is the best way to combat
climate change and it's something Costa
Rica has done very effectively through
various incentives and government
programs they've managed to reclaim
almost a quarter of what was lost
Costa Rica's rich natural heritage has
long been a draw for students and
tourists alike for this nation's
reforest ation efforts stand as a
testament to what can be achieved at a
time when the environment faces its
greatest challenges and a Gallacher
al-jazeera
at the cloud bridge reserve in Costa
Rica
