the joint opposition is back in the
limelight the Sri Lanka people's front
which contested the local government
elections for the largest share of the
vote known locally as the SLPP the party
says the ruling government has lost its
mandate the result is unequivocal this
is a very emphatic a very clear
rejection of me syriza becomes therefore
served in the clearest possible terms
that this government does not have a
mandate to continue governing this
country the SLPP is a breakaway faction
of the party of President Maithripala
Sirisena and the man he defeated by in
the Rajapaksa the former president used
his popularity which remains high after
he defeated the Tamil Tigers ending a
25-year long conflict to campaign for
the new coalition front even though he
remains a member of his successors party
as confirmation of a significant win
filter through on Saturday night
Rajapaksa urged winners to be
magnanimous a welcome change from the
past where political rivalry resulted in
violence ambition Megrahi policing in
las economy hasta a debate I appeal to
all those who want to enjoy their
victory without harassing the losers
despite her party's weak performance
Rosie Seneca had something to celebrate
becoming the first woman mayor of the
country's oldest and largest municipal
council Colombo she acknowledged that
her United National Party would have to
do some soul-searching we need to take
stock of you know where we are and what
we need to do and I think you know the
sentiments that I hear from people is we
haven't really delivered the promises we
made in 2015 and maybe it is time that
ferocity in is speed up hurry and do
what we came to do members of presidency
reasoner's party who met the president
on Sunday said he had promised to make
key changes that the country would feel
in response to the results of the polls
the election results are a wake-up call
for all political parties while the
joint opposition savors it's victory in
more than two-thirds of the 340 local
government institution
up for grabs the ruling coalition must
look closely at white voters who help
them defeat minded Rajapaksa just three
years ago our returning to him Meena
Fernandez al Jazeera Colombo
