a military crackdown or election
campaigning Egypt's president orders a
massive army operation in northern Sinai
weeks before his re-election bid but is
the cleanup of what he calls terrorist
hotbeds the answer this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim Egypt's president is
vowing to wipe out enemies in Sinai in
the run-up to his re-election bid next
month the peninsula is being scoured for
fighters linked to ISIL they're blamed
for a series of bomb gun and suicide
attacks which have killed hundreds in
Egypt Egyptian ground air and naval
forces along with border guards and
police are on the hunt possibly with the
help of Israel The New York Times says
Israeli warplanes have carried out
covert airstrikes in Egypt with the
Egyptian president's approval Egypt's
denying the report the Israelis aren't
commenting this is what president Abdel
Fattah has c.c. had to say to armed
forces three months ago
Mohamed Hadid Haji allow me to use this
opportunity in front of you and in front
of the whole Egyptian people to assign
general Mohamed farad he Ghazi you are
responsible for regaining security and
stability in Sinai in three months you
and the Ministry of Interior fighters
linked to ISIL have repeatedly attacked
the army police and civilians in Sinai
at least 300 people were killed last
November in a bomb and gun attack on a
mosque in the northern town of Bearden
Abid 100 fighters and 17 soldiers were
killed three years ago after
simultaneous assaults on military
checkpoints in north sinai president
Sisi declared a state of emergency for
years ago following the killing of 33
soldiers in a suicide bomb attack the
armed anti-government campaign in Sinai
gained pace after the overthrow of
President Mohammed Morsi and killing of
16 border guards six years ago let's
bring in our guests joining us from
Berlin hamid vidoe a senior researcher
for the center for Middle Eastern and
North African politics at Free
University of Berlin from Istanbul Mahon
met somebody a journalist and author of
Sinai Egypt's linchpin gauzes lifeline
Israel's nightmare and by Skype from
Cairo is Timothy called US non-resident
fellow at the korea institute for Middle
East policy thank you all for joining us
now Timothy I want to start with you
could you explain to our viewers what is
the importance of the Sinai for Egypt
and perhaps more importantly what is the
importance of securing the Sinai not
just for
but for the broader region the Sinai has
a huge symbolic value for Egypt in its
history in its modern history
particularly given that so much so much
blood was shed over holding cyanide
regaining Sinai during the wars with
Israel beyond that it's a it's a crucial
site for tourism and for attracting
revenue for for hard currency for the
tourism industry its beaches are prized
it's diving sites are some of the best
in the world so it's it's crucial that
the security situation there be under
control so that tourists feel safe to
come back that's important for the
country's economy and then but at the
same time Sinai is a place that the
government has struggled to fully
control for a long time and there's
always been a degree of lack of control
in that part of the country and that has
allowed for groups like Isis to operate
there more easily than they would in
other parts of Egypt Muhannad we've
heard so much over the years about the
various insurgent groups in the Sinai
could you walk us through what some of
those groups are and did all of those
groups that were there prior to ISIL
being part of the presence there did
they essentially morph into ISIL well
thank you very much for having this and
to answer your question without going
back into the into the past two decades
or three decades let's start with 2011
where we saw the rise of unsolder baton
macness or the champions of Jerusalem
who began by bombing the gas pipeline
carrying natural gas - to the eastern
Mediterranean countries including Israel
and their first operation happened to
take place before the Revolution toppled
president Hosni Mubarak on February 11
2011 and continued from there and
something to mock this for for over four
years continued to attempt to prove
itself and succeeded very much in doing
this and became the umbrella
organization for a number of other
groups that claimed to have presence or
merely had some online presence and
nothing more than that
I'm sorry BAE to mock this before
pledging allegiance to Isis before
morphing
Isis has proven that it could it could
execute some of the most unprecedented
attacks and in the modern history of
hundreds and those include the bombing
of the of the Capitol security
Directorate which never happened in the
history of Egypt planning and executing
an assassination attempt on the interior
minister himself at his residence in the
couple in the capital Cairo it did fail
but it proved that this is an
organization with highly sophisticated
capabilities in terms of intelligence
mobilizing weapons and fighters and so
and so forth of course given the
regional given the regional security
crisis it was not surprising when when
I'm sorry Beth and Marcus pledged
allegiance to Isis in Syria and Iraq and
became what we know now as the Sinai
province or will I it's I now and again
it continued down the same route proving
the same successes against the Egyptian
military and security forces and going
back to what Tim has just said which I
fully agree to there is no better
example than bringing down the Russian
airliner in 2011 the passenger airliner
in 2011 was there was an AED which which
gave and again a massive blow to the
worthy ailing economy we are talking
about simply a group that we that we M
shortly described as a group that is
unprecedented in the modern history of
Egypt i'ma do you believe that this
current operation is more about Egypt
and the politics of Egypt with this
looming presidential election if not
what are some of the other factors
behind all of this some analysts have
argued that the current operation has to
do with the elections that CC wants to
mobilize the Egyptians behind him after
securing a victory in Sinai I'm not sure
that this is the case Egypt doesn't need
to mobilize Egyptians behind him his
he's practically running unopposed in
the elections I think the timing has to
do with the if we if we look back at the
last week a couple of weeks ago there
was this article from the New York Times
claiming that is
waged many air raids in Sinai wood with
the tacit approval of the well the
secret approval of the Egyptian
government and then right after that
there were two articles in Haaretz
one of them was basically criticizing
Egypt for not finishing the job in Sinai
and the argument was and this is an
argument that we've heard from the
Americans and the Israelis over the last
couple of years that Air Force alone
bombing the terrorists from the air can
do only so much to get rid of the threat
in Sinai there has to be a ground
operation and it seems that since CC
issued this command to the army to get
rid of terrorism over a period of three
months and three months are finishing at
the end of of this month and we haven't
seen any real preparation to carry out
this threat that he issued two and a
half months ago I suspect of course we
don't have any information there so
there is a bit of speculation here I
suspect that he was under a lot of
pressure from Israel and from the United
States to finally make this decisive
step to go into Sinai with sufficient
ground troops in order to finish the
insurgency once and for all this is of
course a very risky promise that he made
upon himself to finish this I mean what
does it what does it mean to finish the
insurgency the the criteria for success
are not very clear and I think he's
taking a big gamble and I don't think
that the timing was of his own choice I
think he would have preferred to wait
until after the elections and then
conduct such an operation so I'm
speculating really but there is good
indicators to actually somehow indicate
that he was forced or he was pushed or
was pressured to give the go-ahead for
this operation
rather than after the elections Timothy
picking up on what Ahmed said if we're
talking about pressure from the u.s. of
course we have to mention the US
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will be
visiting Egypt do you feel that in light
of that that president Sisi really feels
under pressure to try to show the
Americans he is delivering on a promise
to combat ISIL and also picking up on
another thing that I had said do you
think that this time line the president
Sisi talked about three months basically
trying to defeat ISIL in the Sinai by
the end of this month that that's
realistic in any way well I mean I don't
think that any kind of conclusive defeat
of Iceland and terrorism and even
because they've said that they want to
eradicate terrorism history is probably
pretty unrealistic goal I mean we've
seen that for over a decade now with the
war on terrorism that was launched by
the United States in 2001 destroying a
tactic is not really a feasible military
objective or objective on any front so
that of course is setting yourself up
for some degree of failure they could do
damage depending on how much
preparations have been undertaken in the
last few months which we obviously are
not privy to it's very difficult to know
what the strategy is there's very little
information being released by the
military on this and so there's a lot of
speculation that has to has to take
place as I had noted with respect to
pressure from the United States I'm not
so sure that there's enormous pressure
in the United States the US has been
disappointed and critical of the
approach undertaken by the Egyptians in
Sinai for years it was communicated
under the Obama administration and I I
don't doubt that that the US military
continues to voice concerns to their
Egyptian counterparts to this day I
would agree that the reports on Israel's
participation in activities in Sinai
would intensify the pressure for Egypt
to show that it's capable of handling a
situation especially because some of the
quotes in the report suggested that
Israel was concerned that Egypt was
incapable of handling situation on its
own certainly the Egyptian military and
the Egyptian government would like to
disabuse anyone of that idea and so a
large operation in Sinai could be
undertaken in part to send that message
but I
document that there's really no concern
about the election the results the
foregone conclusion it's not really
election any wise so I think too many
people try to peg a consequence to an
event that doesn't really have any one
that there is a media blackout in Egypt
the Egyptian government is not allowing
journalists to cover what's going on in
the Sinai what are you hearing from your
sources on the ground there as to what
is going on with this operation and if
they believe that it is making any kind
of an impact well every source that we
spoke to in the Sinai over the past two
days and even before the operation began
because apparently everywhere apparently
a lot of people who are involved in this
subject have have known had there had
higher expectations that this operation
will be launched but but the most common
comment that we got which was pretty
glaring was the fact that this operation
has much effect on the newspapers rather
than on the ground itself we've been
hearing that the Egyptian military here
for the past three days now has been
using air strikes and and heavy
artillery on the ground to to bombard
areas south of Rafah and shares wider
than Irish that have been already
bombarded for the past for the past four
years I'm speaking of villages that the
military campaign has turned into rubble
literally or and displaced ninety five
percent if not more of the population
there we're talking about an area that
the military always complained that the
main problem with it was the population
and the population has been displaced
for more than two years so whatever is
happening actually contradicts what the
military spokesman said about this
operation being different and being more
tactical and it also poses a major
question over the over the the the
confirmations that we could get and
howhow did the military leave those
story gets further the past two years
despite the freedom that it had and is
now all over a sudden trying to tackle
them and now with regard to this
operation coming before the elections or
not or being a real operation and if
the state of the Egyptian state and the
regime denies that it has anything to do
with the the lawyer with the upcoming
presidential elections then it actually
creates a question about the about the
alleged success of the past operations
if this one is another actual operation
then what about the successes that you
have been promoting for the past four
years and have they been not real have
they been nothing but propaganda and of
course again those are questions as you
said there's a media blackout the state
itself does not provide any information
and sees the providing of information as
risky to the military and the security
operation which to be honest is a
medieval theory that has proven to be
wrong not only in Egypt but in so many
other countries the details on the
ground and the most confirmed thing is
that this operation has sparked a state
of fear among the community and people
are rushing to buy man-made a large
amounts of household items essential
items for forever medical emergencies
and and food supplies which are already
in shortage given the military a
stifling situation that is already
happening for the past years I think
this is again another question mark over
where do civilian stands stand in the
cut and the calculation the general
calculation of military operations like
this I mean you heard Mahana just talk
about military operations that include
boats and planes and tanks these are
very conventional tactics and these are
the types of tactics the type of
conventional warfare that allies of
Egypt have for years been discouraging
them from using in the Sinai because
they say it really isn't helping now
what do you think could be done to
actually help the situation in the Sinai
development long term social and
economic development that's the long
term solution of course the dilemma is
that it's very difficult to to start
this working to fulfill this long term
objective of developing Sinai and
providing better opportunities for the
people and to feel that and to make them
feel that they are part of Egypt there
is a big schism between the
people who live in Sinai and the rest of
the country mainland Egyptians they
always questioned the loyalties of of
the Sinai Eloy people and and and that
is that is also a big cultural barrier
between Egypt and and Egypt and Sinai
but the problem is with the short term
so security of course is very important
it's very difficult to to create
sustainable economic and and social
development if you don't have security
now the problem is that using such
heavy-handed conventional military
methods is probably creating more of a
problem rather than solving it
so how can we ensure that while you are
fighting a local insurgency and this is
what it's all about at the end of the
day it is a local insurgency that is fed
on the grievances of the people who live
in Sinai
how can you fight such a local
insurgency while making sure that the
act of fighting it is not creating more
grievances that would feed the
insurgency even more I think this is the
dilemma this is the equation that so far
it seems that that the Egyptian
government has not managed to solve
Timothy you had attacks early 2017
targeting churches not just in the Sinai
and other parts of Egypt as well by ISIL
then this past November you had that
horrific attack that was targeting of
course the the Sufi mosque in the Sinai
now how much of a shift in tactics was
that what did that mean even though ice
will never really claimed responsibility
for that attack most analysts believed
they were behind it what did it mean
that they shifted their tactics then
targeted a Sufi mosque I think what
we've seen in the past year or so is a
transition to seeing civilian targets as
more legitimate which was something that
we weren't seeing very much of before
right so
it started with a campaign announced
against against Egyptian Christians and
continued with the attack on the mosque
and their lot but I think that what
we've seen it in general is that we've
seen less attacks but more deadly
attacks and what what these attacks do
of course is increase the the level of
concern that things could get out of
control with as the repertoire of
potential targets expands there's it's
harder to figure out where they're going
to hit next and increases the challenge
of securing enough places which makes
this all the more difficult and the fact
that the government isn't adapting and
its strategies or at least we haven't
seen that as yet only increases those
concerns I mean as I would point it out
there seems to be a repetition of these
sports or tactics that have been
undertaken in the past that may just be
exacerbating the problem and increasing
the potential for recruitment as opposed
to addressing the needs of the community
and kind of building loyalty and trust
between the state and the people who
live in northern Sinai something that's
been absent for quite a long time well
under Timothy was just talking about the
possibility of addressing the needs of
the community the great needs of the
community in the Sinai could you tell
our viewers about just how marginalized
the residents in the Sinai are and how
marginalized they feel and how that
plays into all of this I mean there's
there's a very simple example for how
marginalized either the community in
Sinai is which is basically that they
are not allowed to own their lands
legally and with with with a government
certified documentation the better ones
of cyanide who owned their lands during
the Kingdom of Egypt before 1952 were
stripped of that right in 1952 and has
never given that that right back and
it's very it's very unfortunate and very
ironic that you see a foreign
businessmen who are given that right to
own businesses and to own real estate
and land that forms in South Sinai in
the tourism and the tourism areas while
the while the indigenous population of
Sinai that has lived there for thousands
of years it doesn't have that right and
they were the consecutive regimes they
have never explained why they are
treated
as as a lesser form of an Egyptian
citizen and a lot of times they are not
even they are not even treated as
Egyptian citizens but rather viewed as
spies disloyal infidels and so and so
forth this is one prime example but the
examples could go for for pages and
pages we're talking about the situation
today we are talking about entire cities
that spend their day and night in in
total darkness because of power cuts
we're talking about communication that
is being blocked by the by the state
authorities for days and nights which
has a direct impact negative impact on
the ordinary civilian we've had many
cases of pregnant pregnant women who
were forced to give birth in vehicles on
highways at checkpoints and and and you
were massive risks to their lives and
the lives of their babies because
because of having to give birth in
darkness at their houses simply because
the security forces would not allow an
ambulance to mobilize from our ears to
shields Wyatt or even from Shane's wife
to a suburb of the city and we're
talking simply about about a military
operation and an entire regime and local
authorities who do not consider any any
any part for human beings for the
civilians when planning their military
offensives or we're planning to when
planning to shut down the entire region
just like today in yesterday as for the
as for the other tactics effect the
warran terrorism we're talking about a
conventional military which has been
operating for years and I wonder again
it's it's a massive question that's not
posed that's not only posed by US
journalists and researchers but also by
foreign governments why is it so
reluctant not using an effective
counterterrorism strategy based on
intelligence and and and tactical units
rather than a heavy-handed the military
that's exactly like mr. Ahmed said
inflicts more harm and creates more of a
problem than solving the one that we're
already having Timothy the military this
time announced that Egyptians should
expect large numbers of casualties and
that rhetoric seems different to me than
other announcements in the past when it
comes to offensive the
offensives that have been carried out in
the Sinai why do you think that is why
is it different this time when it comes
to the rhetoric that they're using they
want to that they want the the country
to have a sense that they're undertaking
a massive operation and that they're
taking this very seriously since he
wants to be seen as decisive and
forceful in this I mean they made a
point of clearing a large number of
hospital beds throughout Sinai for this
perk for the purposes of this operation
that's how we kind of knew what was
coming was the reports coming from the
hospitals about that request doctor from
being sent home from the sent back who
had been on leave the anticipation that
they built for this operation was quite
substantial part of it I mean they serve
a purpose with relation to propaganda to
you know politicizing the operation and
part of it is I mean preparing them in
the event that there actually are large
numbers of casualties it's hard to know
because we just don't know enough
details about the operation but I mean
you'd also foresee a situation in which
if there are large numbers of casualties
at least they can say we we anticipated
this but this was a necessary sacrifice
but it was a plan one as opposed to what
they've been accused of the past which
is that people a lot of people get
killed in operations all the time and it
looks like they weren't ready or they
didn't plan for it or they got caught
off guard or by surprise like what we
saw in in the bhajate attack a couple of
months ago
and so I think by communicating it in
advance they're trying to indicate this
is this is in our calculus we are in
control of the situation and this is a
decision that we've made that you know
cost-benefit analysis if you will that
it's necessary so for all those reasons
you could see why they might might send
a message of that nature gentleman we're
gonna have to leave it there thanks so
much to all our guests Ahmed by the way
100 sub buddy and Timothy called us and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again anytime by visiting
our website aljazeera.com and for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Mohammed Jim
Jewell and the whole team here bye for
now
