my wife died about two and a half years
ago and I miss her Fred has to get all
his life John who is 90 had felt
increasingly isolated the death of his
wife left a void we'd been married for
65 years obviously companionship and
friendship are important to me the
solution arranged by a charity was for
John to give a room to poppy a 21 year
old student she helps with shopping
cooking going for walks it's mutually
beneficial most importantly they like
each other in simplest terms I probably
wouldn't be able to afford to live where
I am if I wasn't working and living with
John as a young person all the
conversations we have I come out
learning something new he's had such an
interesting life
loneliness is subjective individuals and
societies feel it in different ways but
says this expert its impact on health
can be measured having chronic
loneliness predisposes you to many
health conditions so there's been a
meta-analysis that looked at loneliness
and it showed that it was as bad for
your health as smoking 15 cigarette
today people that are lonely are more
likely to get heart disease and stroke
there early and onset of dementia come
comes earlier if you're lonely it's
linked to many mental health issues so
depression and suicide cocktails in care
homes an unlikely mixture but another
simple idea bringing young people into
care homes for the elderly in Britain
three-quarters of older people say they
feel lonely almost half say TV is their
main companion but on these evenings
everyone reaches out to everyone else
yeah just just enjoy how that made me
feel enjoy them appreciating unique
amenities in them
and don't be afraid of making
conversation stranger like loneliness
itself the benefits of a scheme like
this are very hard to quantify but
engaging in conversation between
generations makes almost all of us feel
good it creates understanding it
strengthens the ties which holds society
together
loneliness often comes with feelings of
shame but it is part of the human
condition and on evenings like these
some people discover that they have more
in common than their thought
Barnaby Phillips al Jazeera London
