soldiers prepare for battle inside their
base and indian-administered Kashmir
they were ambushed by an unknown number
of fighters in a pre-dawn raid on
Saturday commanders say they're from
Jerry Muhammad which wants Pakistan to
control Kashmir so build a barrier so
that calls for everybody deliberate and
professional way of conducting the
operation army is taking all precautions
because for us every human life is
valuable and we don't want any
collateral damage attackers shot at
guards on the perimeter before moving
towards soldiers homes inside the camp
Indian security forces evacuated
families while a helicopter search for
the intruders hundreds of reinforcements
were called in India's army chief flew
in to monitor the operation
Jerry Muhammad has a history of stoking
tensions between India and Pakistan the
group was founded by Masood Azhar seen
here in 2000 after released from prison
in exchange for passengers of a hijacked
Indian Airlines plane 16 years later he
launched the deadliest assault on Indian
security forces in two decades it too
was a pre-dawn ambush on a military base
and indian-administered Kashmir 19
soldiers were killed
India accuses Pakistan of supporting
such attacks pakistan denies the
allegations kashmir has been disputed
since independence in 1947 Pakistan and
India claimed it and full but rulers in
part and both continue to defend the
territory
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
