after the political Thor and historic
match on the ice a unified career for
now at least
via women's ice hockey a remarkable
event watched by South Korean president
mu Jin
alongside kim yo-jong sister of North
Korean leader Kim jong-un some South
Koreans particularly younger generations
were critical of this sudden union
between north and south preceded by the
nation's pervading together at Friday's
opening ceremony I said it would harm
the host nations medal hopes but others
including those lucky enough to have
tickets welcomed the step towards peace
however temporary it proves it was a
good idea to form the United team I'm
very much looking forward to this game
and the feeling that our nation becomes
one I think the United team is
beneficial as a part of improving the
relations between the Koreas win or lose
what a meaningful event I'm so glad to
see this game the Korean team took to
the ice in white jerseys with a unified
flag 229 North Korean cheerleaders
across the border urging on the Korean
team and providing further symbolism of
the current unity they had early chances
to score but it was Switzerland who
struck halfway through the first period
the Swiss are ranked as high as six in
the world and was showing their class
with a quick second an avalanche of
goals followed the final score was
Switzerland eight unified Korean nil a
disappointing score line for the crowd
but an important event this unified
Korean team will now need to pick itself
up for matches against Sweden and Japan
are coming up and their chances of
winning a medal in this event are
extremely unlikely but South Korea does
have stronger sports and this was about
far more than sporting success lee
Wellings al Jazeera at the quondam
hockey Center in Pyeongchang
