former Philippines President Ferdinand
Marcos ruled with an iron fist for
decades his Marshall rule was seen by
many Filipinos as oppressive in 1986 the
People Power Revolution removed him from
office assuring in a new era of
democracy the 1987 Philippine
Constitution was drafted with an
emphasis on bringing about social
justice past presidents have tried to
change that Constitution in the hope of
prolonging their stay in power president
rodrigo duterte is making another
attempt this time to change to a federal
form of government he wants to
decentralize power from what he
describes as an imperialistic Manila and
improved life for those living in rural
areas no person shall be deprived of
life liberty Edgar SIA who helped draft
the present constitution says it is not
the form of government that is
problematic but the quality of those
people in government more than 80% of
those elected officials come from
political dynasties a federal form of
government could help them remain in
power charter change at them for me it's
a Trojan horse because behind the effort
to change the constitution I believe are
transitory provisions where in fact
there will be no elections or there can
be a continued stay in office but most
of those in Congress say the election of
doTERRA is proof that people want a
decisive leader that can bring about
radical change there is no assurance in
any form of government because we are in
a democracy this is a democratic society
so how can we tell the people whom to
elect the church's political party PDP
Lebon has already drafted a proposed
constitution but critics say the Charter
it is proposing is dictatorial in nature
giving the president legislative powers
and even allowing him to rule
indefinitely
a local survey shows the majority of
Filipinos have little or no knowledge of
the constitution many are also unaware
of the plans to amend the constitution
this is what critics say is dangerous
those who led the transition ensured
that the 1987 Philippine Constitution
they drafted would serve as a vanguard
restoring checks and balances within
institutions so that power will never
rest with one man alone Jamel Allen dog
and al jazeera Manila
