officially more than half a million
Venezuelans crossed into Colombia in the
last six months of last year but no one
knows the true figures only that tens of
thousands of Venezuelans now try to
scrape a living across South America the
largest numbers in neighboring Brazil
and Colombia here there are many
mechanics doctors college graduates and
look at us we're cleaning windows
selling chargers and air conditioners
selling soda Venezuela's future is over
but hey you have to move forward I feel
really sad really sad because we have to
migrate to look for what we used to have
in our country because before in
Venezuela we had what Colombia has
abundance and a growing economy they're
escaping an economic crisis that has led
to severe food and medicine shortages
the International Monetary Fund predicts
inflation this year will reach 13
thousand percent the presidents have
been a swale and Nicolas Maduro blames
the u.s. black international conspiracy
for his country's troubles the Colombian
President Juan Manuel Santos says
Nicolas Maduro has mismanaged the
economy and the Colombia can no longer
live with those consequences
starting today only Venezuelans who have
passports or have in their hands the
migration card will enter Colombia he's
ordered 3,000 more soldiers and police
to patrol the border Colombia and Brazil
said the influx of migrants is straining
their social services to breaking point
if they mala regarding immigration what
the government wants and what the
country wants is to achieve orderly
secure and legal migration that means
foreigners are legal in our country in
that way we can plan for the future but
with the situation in Venezuela only
predicted to get worse the migrants will
keep coming me now they'll face a more
formidable challenge to cross the border
and you'll find their aljazeera
