this first visit to the occupied West
Bank for an Indian Prime Minister was
also very short just three hours it
ended with a media briefing no questions
allowed when a Hendra Modi offered the
traditional Indian support for the
Palestinians I assured President Abbas
that India is committed to the
Palestinian national interest India
hopes that Palestine will become an
independent and sovereign state in the
future the building of the state comes
through peaceful means and through
dialogue and understanding but there was
no mention of East Jerusalem as the
capital of a Palestinian state
something previous Indian leaders always
referred to from the Palestinian
President came the hope that India might
help in mediating future talks with the
Israelis we exchanged views about the
current dilemma of the peace process
that resulted from the continuity of the
occupation and from the blocking of the
political horizon following Trump's
decision on Jerusalem and the refugees
there was no comment from Modi on that
how different the relationship was when
Yasser Arafat was alive Modi paid his
respects at the former Palestinian
leaders mausoleum in 1998 India became
the first non Arab country to recognize
the state of Palestine India suffered
under colonialism and felt the
Palestinians were in the same boat 30
years on India boys 41% of Israel's arms
exports Israel's prime minister was in
India for a week-long visit in January
making new trade deals in light of
Israel Indian relations Palestinians
wanted to reintroduce balance to the
relationship and bring back India as an
important ally but Modi evaded talking
directly about whether India was ready
to take up such a role after his visit
Modi flew back to Jordan and on to the
Gulf Modi was in Israel last July but he
didn't add on a visit to Ramallah which
is what most leaders usually do India
wants to delink its relations with the
Israelis and the Palestinians which is
why there was a separate visit here now
the Palestinians hope this means they
can still rely on Indian support even
though strong relations with
Israel are now new delhi's priority
Burnett Smith al Jazeera Ramallah
