choosing members of 340 local government
institutions observers say voter turnout
was higher than expected some districts
reporting 85 percent voters had a clear
idea of what they wanted from their
local representatives corruption is a
big problem so somebody who is less
corrupt somebody who's educated and of
course somebody with a vision who can do
something for the community another
voter said changes to the electoral
system has made things easier compared
to previous system this is a much more
simple system for for the water it's a
new mixed result system which candidate
wins the most votes and which party has
the most support the changes also
included a quota of 25 percent for women
this election marks a number of firsts
the first time so many women have
contested the first time votes are being
counted in polling centers like the one
behind me and the first time election
violence has been so low observers say
there is a marked change in the conduct
of campaigns and the election the main
election organizer credits hard work
main thing is we have educated the
people not to break the law through the
low enforcement of the law we can't have
conduct a free and fair elections
despite being a local election which is
usually about issues in local
neighborhoods the campaign took on the
flavor of a national election President
Maithripala Sirisena
Prime Minister Rana Vikram singer and
the man they United to defeat behind the
Rajapaksa were heavily involved in the
campaign traveling around the country to
support their respective candidates the
stakes for each of them are high and the
results of this grassroots race will
point towards the political mood in the
run-up to the general election in two
years mina fernandez al jazeera colombo
