shouting color is not a crime
thousands rallied in Italy against
racism and fascism rallies took place in
Rome Milan Palermo and here the town of
Masada where a gunman targeted black men
and women during a two-hour shooting
spree last week we cannot accept that a
person goes on to the streets to kill
these are children people in the streets
watching this man went to the streets to
kill as many black people as possible I
don't know what to call it other than a
racist and fascist act police arrested a
28 year old white Italian man they say
was the suspected gunman a video posted
on local media shows the suspect wearing
an Italian flag around his neck at the
time of the arrest I think it's
extremely important to be here today
because the situation in Italy seems
very complicated I don't think that
politicians take enough notice of the
phenomenon of the resurgence of fascism
many are warning that anti-immigration
rhetoric has become part of the national
dialogue they fear this sentiment will
influence the upcoming national
elections on March 4th others warn that
racism is nothing new I have been faced
with the problems of racism here since
my primary school days there were
children who called me a negro it is far
from being a phenomenon that dates from
yesterday or the day before with the
shooting that took place there has
always been racism here
the shooting in Macerata followed the
arrest of a Nigerian man in connection
with the murder of an 18 year old
Italian woman while many say politicians
need to do something about the
resurgence of the far-right others
believe it's inaccurate to lump all
far-right parties and politicians with
the same label
I believe the far-right and in general
this entire idea of fascist revival in
Italy shouldn't be exaggerated the
far-right is definitely quite strong
nowadays in Italy but I believe
especially abroad there is a tendency to
generalize and put a lot of parties into
the same box which is not necessarily
the case far-right candidates call the
influx of refugees out of control
immigration but Italy's Prime Minister
has told us people
hatred and violence will not be able to
divide them Paul Chatterjee on al
Jazeera
