in the early hours of Saturday morning
Syria's war escalated to a new level for
the first time in 30 years Israel lost a
fighter jet to enemy fire as Israel
confirmed Syrian air defense shot at one
of its f-16 fighter jets the Israeli
prime minister was blunt Israel holds
Iran and its Syrian host responsible for
today's aggression we will continue to
do whatever is necessary to protect our
sovereignty and our security the crash
followed the shooting down of a drone
Israeli army video shows what they say
is an Iranian drone flying towards the
northern golan heights before it was
down in retaliation the Israeli Air
Force hit targets in Syria including the
suspected drone command center Iranian
targets and Syrian air defense Syria
launched surface-to-air missiles during
the Israeli raid and says it shot down
the f-16 which crashed in northern
Israel yes who thought on an island
Osteria the Syrian political leadership
took a decision at the highest level to
face decisively any Israeli military
aircraft over Syrian airspace today
Syria did what it promised by downing an
Israeli plane and striking it other
planes this is clear for Syria it is a
decisive decision to confront the
Israeli Air Force and its careless
behaviors both pilots ejected and
parachuted to the Israeli side of the
border one is critically injured the
Israeli army spokesman said Iran was
behind the launch of the drone but
didn't say whether it was armed or not
now the Iranians have reacted they've
said that they are going to stand with a
Syria against any foolishness by Israel
the Russians have also reacted saying
that Israel needs to respect Syrian
aceite state sovereignty also what we're
hearing is that the Israelis want to
send a strong message to the Russians to
get Iran out of the region
Imran Khan al Jazeera West Jerusalem
