only a year ago the Turkish leader
described the German trance law and her
government as enemies who opposed his
constitutional reforms now a red carpet
welcome for red ship Type R Diwan strong
at home with sweeping new presidential
powers but isolated in the West and
facing an economic crisis that leaves
German banks and businesses looking
vulnerable both countries have much to
gain from better relations even if their
disagreements were hard to hide we have
a common strategic desire for a good
relationship but on the other side when
it comes to a free democratic and open
society we have different perceptions of
how it looks is that all my ally we want
to advance a win-win scenario for Turkey
and Germany but both countries must
respect each other that is our right the
implications from both sides were clear
let's focus on areas of common interest
ending the war in Syria
keeping the migrant and refugee crisis
at bay presenting a united economic
front to turkish investors more
difficult questions would be asked but
not answered in closed-door meetings
certainly the Chancellor the president
other leading German politicians will
always raise the normative issues the
human rights issues the media freedom
issues that are there and that are
affecting Turkey but you know on the
face of it on the face of the
relationship both sides for the time
being have decided to to put the
interest dimension the realpolitik
dimension first meeting on Syria
bringing in France and Russia but it's
equally clear that among those
protesting this visit and there are many
of them they won't easily forgive German
politicians for appearing to overlook
Turkey's record on democracy on human
rights on freedom of the press
Channel Tunnel wave what is happening in
Turkey and re-install maybe the
democracy in Turkey in the end this was
an exercise in political pragmatism
rather than choice Jonah Hal al-jazeera
Berlin
