with Chinese New Year just round the
corner it's the busiest time of the year
for shops selling traditional dried
seafood and sales are brisk for one of
their most popular items shark fin duty
I guess we should be concerned about
shark fin if I feel it depends on how
its caught after all we have been eating
it for a long long time and when it's
time to celebrate the traditional
delicacy is seen as a sign of prosperity
and good fortune consumer like us just
have no choice because in their order
Chinese New Year menu each of the men
you have surfing conservation groups and
young activists are lobbying one of Hong
Kong's biggest restaurant chains to take
shark fin soup off the menu this is not
test two it's just a transition they are
just forced to eat that we need them in
the ocean the protesters are also
highlighting the cruelty and brutality
involved in shark finning the fins are
the most profitable part in most cases
they're hacked off while the shark is
still alive then it's thrown back into
the sea to drown or starve it's
estimated a hundred million sharks are
slaughtered each year and 70% of those
are killed solely for their fins Hong
Kong is at the center of the shark fin
business accounting for more than half
the global trade every year most of the
fins are packaged and exported to
mainland China once a rare delicacy only
the nobility and elite could afford it
is now widely available due to improved
fishing techniques and logistics China's
economic boom and growing middle class
have also added to the demand but there
is an increasing awareness events un
signo man we are having last shark fin
now because the youngsters are more
concerned about the environment but it's
our custom to have a grant meal at the
end of the year a recent study using DNA
analysis found that a third of shark fin
products sold in Hong Kong shops come
from species that are vulnerable or
endangered conservationists are calling
on the government to step in they say
they're running out of time in the
battle between thousands of years of
tradition
and millions of years of Shark evolution
the V Gopalan al-jazeera Hong Kong
