in the presidential blue house in the
capital Seoul relations between the two
Koreas continued to thaw the meeting had
two firsts kim yo-jong is the first
member of the ruling family to cross
into the south since the Korean War the
sister of the North Korean leader came
with a first-ever invitation kim
jeong-hoon is asking South Korean
president moon jae-in to come to
Pyongyang at a convenient time soon well
no one's key president moon said early
talks between North Korea and the United
States are essential to improve
relations he urged North Korea to be
more proactive to move forward to have
dialogue with the United States it's
unclear when that might happen
the US and North Korea have rebuffed
moon's attempts so far if an
inter-korean meeting transpires it will
be the first time kim jeong-hoon has met
with a South Korean president since
assuming power in 2011 the last time
leaders from the north and south met was
11 years ago during a summit in
Pyongyang jang hijae's oh because of all
the global attention
I believe reunification will be brought
forth the government is making efforts
and I think people are rooting for it
organizers of the Olympics say they've
been moved by the diplomatic
breakthrough it was quite an historic
moment and something that as you know
the IOC have been gently working for
since probably 2014 and you know I think
it shows it opens opens the door maybe
just a little bit critics say they doubt
that door will ultimately open much more
for now there's hope that the
Pyeongchang Winter Olympics is the
catalyst for a reboot in inter-korean
relations
Natacha guy named al jazeera conn-young
south korea
