for more than four and a half years
Iranian refugee
behrouz Bjarni has been living in limbo
on a remote Pacific island he was sent
there by Australia after he tried to
reach its shores by boat for us it is a
prison it was a prison and even worse
than a prison because the prisoners in
around the world
nobody tortured them you really see it
as torture yeah of course you know it is
a systematic torture whoo Charlie was a
journalist in Iran publishing stories
promoting the Kurdish language and
culture after colleagues were arrested
and accused of undermining the Iranian
state who Charlie feared he'd be next he
fled aiming for Australia tens of
thousands of others had gone before him
paying smugglers to take them across the
sea from Indonesia to the Australian
territory of Christmas Island between
2009 and 2013 more than 50,000 people
had made similar journeys most of them
ultimately were allowed to settle as
refugees in Australia but in Australia
people were alarmed at the growing
number of refugees coming by boats
they watched horrified as some boats
sank or was smashed against rocks on
trying to land in the midst of an
election campaign in July 2013
Australia's government announced a
radical new policy people who come by
boat now have no prospect of being
resettled in Australia the rules have
changed if you come here by boat you'll
be sent to Papua New Guinea Australia's
government had done a deal with Papua
New Guinea once its colony but now an
independent country in exchange for
billions of dollars PNG would
accommodate refugees who tried to reach
Australia until at the very least
they're claimed to be refugees were
decided combined with Australia's Navy
turning back boats at sea the
deportation policy was about deterrence
if settlement in Australia was denied to
anyone arriving as Australia's
government saw it illegally by boat who
in future would try who Chinese boat was
at sea when the new policy was announced
it arrived on Christmas Island
four days later ANBU Chinese 30th
birthday four weeks later he was
deported to Manus Island in Papua New
Guinea he's been there ever since for
nearly five years and it's from Manus
Island that he talks to Al Jazeera
Ubu Johnny thank you very much for
talking to Al Jazeera can we start with
why you left Iran back in 2013 you know
I fell in trouble with the government so
I will I hide myself for about more than
a month in Tehran in a friend house
after that I received some information
that they are going to arrest me and
they have some plan to do some action on
me so I decided to leave Iran so yeah I
came to Australia Australia's government
says its policy was and is necessary to
deter what it's called illegal
immigration
it has questioned the motives of those
arriving by boat asking why they didn't
claim asylum in countries they traveled
through before getting on boats to
Australia it is suggested that those who
come by boat are economic migrants
rather than refugees genuinely fleeing
persecution that their refusal to accept
a permanent life in Papua New Guinea or
on the tiny island nation of Naru shows
that their real aim is and always was
life in a wealthy developed country not
just a safe one it says the refugees lie
or exaggerate with stories of poor
conditions in Australian run detention
centers on malice and Naru ultimately
Australia's government says tough
policies against uncontrolled migration
are necessary to allow generosity
towards refugees through a managed to
process Australian support record
numbers of people coming through the
migration program and the humanitarian
program when governments have proper
control of the process I don't want to
give up our process and the right to
decide who comes to our country to
people smugglers so you left Iran yeah
and he decided to go to Australia yeah
did you do that journey you know I flow
to Indonesia
I found a smuggler that he told me that
I am going to send you to
why did he not stay in Indonesia you
were out of Iran yeah you were not gonna
be pursued by authorities there why not
stay in Indonesia at that point the
first place you got to apply for asylum
through the UNHCR some of the refugees
they were arrested by the police
Indonesian police and they deported them
and they didn't ask them question just
they arrested them and deported them
because so many refugees on that time
were in Indonesia so the government
wanted to you know and reported them
wetback to Iran yeah yeah they send them
back to Iran so you decided it wasn't
safe to be an Indonesian yeah well I got
really was not safe for me and I decided
to come to Australia
you took about how much did he pay for
that journey I paid about five thousand
dollars
yeah on the first boat the boat after 48
hours were sunk and I found myself under
the ocean that was very scary and I swam
for about 30 30 meters and I could reach
to a wood that was on the ocean
underwater and after that ship came
there some fishermen and they took me
from the water after that I was on the
ship for about two days and they called
the police and police came and you know
they put me in the jail I was in the
jail for a night and after that I
escaped and I went to Jakarta after 2
weeks I started to come to Australia
again so that was a very big decision
you know because the journey on the
ocean is very dangerous and so many
people died so and I experienced that I
once experienced that how is danger some
of the refugees they don't know that how
is danger but I once explained
so in second time when I started to come
to Australia it's mean that I didn't
feel you know safe in Indonesia and I
thought that I must go to Australia and
I must you know leave this country
because was not safe for me he landed on
Christmas Island on the 23rd of July
2013 that was four days after
Australia's government changed their
policy the rules have changed how did
they tell you that news that you hadn't
be coming to us you know I didn't know
that was trainee maybe I was on the
ocean because I our boat get lost for a
week and we came to Australia on 16 July
and was supposed to arrive to Christmas
Island after 2 days what our boat get
lost
and we were lost for a week and when we
arrived to Australia was 23 July exactly
my birthday when we arrived there they
put us in a place like a contrary place
and they didn't allow us to call our
family we were there for about 20 days
after 20 days they told us they just
told us that you must go to Papua New
Guinea so for 20 days I told that I
arrived in Australia as you know
three countries so I didn't know that
after 20 days they said yeah we are
going to exile you to among China and
you must live there forever or you go
back to your country do you understand
why Australia's government felt they
needed to introduce this tough policy
well I cannot understand this you know I
have been thinking about this for more
than four years and they cannot
understand is that why they are not
torturing people but they say
Australia's government more than 50,000
people came just before you more boats
were coming all the time as you say and
you almost experienced more than a
thousand people drowned at sea that had
to stop and this policy has stopped it
people no longer come by boat so well
every sympathy for you in your situation
can you understand the need for the
broader policy no I cannot understand
because I think sending people to the
islands like Nauru and Manus Island you
know
didn't prevent the boat come to
Australia
yeah the main reason was that they sent
back the boats to Indonesia so it's not
so much say and I pushed it there so the
people in Indonesia they're refugees in
Indonesia or in Middle East or other
countries they are not watching us that
when we get freedom they come to
Australia
the main reason is that they send back
the boats you know they send back the
boats and the people in Indonesia they
the refugees they think if we go to
Australia we will lose our money and we
will you know have a very risky journey
and maybe we arrived there and they send
us back so the main reason is that the
main reason is not that they send people
to a money sign and not do you
understand why Australia feels it needs
to control its borders a former Prime
Minister of Australia famously said that
we will decide who comes to our country
and the manner in which they come that
was John Howard back in 2001 that is a
very reasonable thing to say isn't it in
order to be an open country in order to
have high levels of immigration as
Australia does it needs to know that it
is controlling its borders that's fair
isn't it you know I am not in a position
to make decision to Australia huh or
give advice to them you know I am a
refugee so and I don't think about this
that was trainer is trying to protect
its borders the main an important thing
is I myself and these people that we
have meaning this prison camp in this
island for more than four years for
their first three years on Manus the
refugees were kept in what Australia's
government called a processing centre
half an hour away from the islands main
town with high fences and guards
refugees weren't allowed out nor
visitors in those inside considered it a
prison
in 2016 Papua New Guinea's opposition
leader took a case to the country
Supreme Court arguing that the refugees
detention was illegal under PNG
Constitution the court agreed and to
comply with the ruling the government
made the center and open facility
refugees still lived there but could
come and go freely in October 2017 the
center was completely shut down
guards medical and support staff left
power and water supplies were
disconnected but most refugees refused
to leave for three weeks they lived in
the former prison surviving on rain
water and food smuggled in by
sympathetic locals the refugees the
siege was a protest a chance to make a
stand but in late November Papua New
Guinean police evicted them by force
some refugees were hit with sticks and
dragged onto buses that is that was your
home for four of years essentially it is
very Australia's government always said
it was never a prison it was a regional
processing center what was it to you for
art it is a prison it was a prison you
know you know their policy was to create
hate you know they were happy that
people in Manny's prison hate Australia
to forget Australia so they established
this policy and they were running the
prison camp like this there interesting
thing I would like to say once I put a
request and asked them to give me an a
map Australia enough I want to put it in
the wall and because of my work and they
say no you cannot have the Australian go
to Australia any card yeah and I said I
I don't want to go to a stranger just
saying want to have a map they would let
you have him yeah
they didn't allow me what was life like
in the three weeks after when you were
refusing to move really as a protest
yes you know that was like a war zone
and you know I myself I experienced that
because I was born in warm well was like
a war zone
but in some ways we were happy because
we were out of the systematic torture we
were you know the officers were not
there you know there were there was a
bad economy you were in charge of your
own lives yeah yeah we were controlling
our life during the siege and the
eviction he tweeted in fact ever since
being sent to malice but Charlie has
campaigned relentlessly against the
policy that sent him there and has kept
him there he's kept up his journalism
using mobile phone credit to paid for by
sympathetic Australians he tweets
prolifically he writes an online
newspaper column in The Guardian which
in November one him an amnesty
International Media Award but Johnny has
even shot a film on his phone edited by
a dutch director the resulting movie
about life on Manus Island has been
shown at film festivals around the world
he's now working on writing a play and a
book you were very successful you have
become prolific you have a column in The
Guardian newspaper your tweets are read
by many thousands of people you do
regular interviews in the Australian and
global media including many times on al
Jazeera do you feel more a journalist or
refugee I don't think about myself you
know as a journalist or refugee I feel
the time human I am human and I am
fighting for humanity I am fighting for
these people they you know the people
that I feel their suffering and they
know them for a long time I know them
you know I am living with the refugees
and they hear their stories I know their
stories so it is very important for me
but on the first day I thought that and
still I am thinking like this that it is
my duty as
it is my mission it is my duty to work
on this issue it is my duty to tell
through to people and also important
thing is that I am working to record
history of this policy record history of
this prison camp for history for their
next generations the deals Australia
reached with Papua New Guinea and the
room where the refugees would stay in
those countries permanently after their
stories of persecution were confirmed
Australia's government says if refugees
were genuine
they'd happily accept life in any safe
country why not take the option on the
table which is resettlement in Papua New
Guinea
you know first is that we didn't come to
PNG and second is that PNG is doesn't
have this capacity to protect the
refugees and accept the refugees and the
refugees think and they are sure that if
they accept to live in PNG they will
lose everything they won't have any
clear future in PNG but millions of
Papua New Guineans have clear futures
they live here this country is not at
war why not stay here you're not going
to be persecuted here no PNG is the
country with
tribal culture with poor economy and
also is not safe for the refugees so the
refugees cannot accept to live in PNG
also they are saying if you accept to
live in PNG after eight years we will
give you a passport so how can we accept
that some people they have family but
people watching this will think this is
a man who was fleeing for his life yeah
he fled Iran because his life was in
danger your life is not in imminent
danger here why not accept that and stay
a lot of people were refugees will
attack by the local people why because
you know the PNG people are very kind
people what they cannot accept they
cannot accept that while they are living
in a poor condition the government
accept some people and try to protect
them they cannot accept that and believe
in me that the refugees can not live in
pain there a PNG you know some of the
refugees they already try to live in PNG
but they couldn't so because of you know
cultural reasons because of economic
reasons because of you know so many
reasons because it's not safe country
for the refugees because the government
cannot protect them they cannot start a
you know simple life in PNG and it is
and that you know the but you can try it
have you you haven't tried you you
saying you could you say you couldn't go
in company but you don't try yeah you
you are asking a question from me that
the if you ask the PNG government they
answer you
you know in my way they are angry that
they cannot accept the refugees and they
are not saying that they we want to
accept the refugees now Ida Papua New
Guinea's Prime Minister nor its
immigration minister responded to
requests for an interview but another
government minister speaking in a
personal capacity did talk he says life
in PNG is possible for Refugees who try
to make it work
but if they won't it's not for his
country to force them what they do want
is resettlement in a country that they
feel that they will have a proper chance
of integrating into and they don't
believe that's perfect well that's for
Australia to sort out that's that's
Australia's problem Australia needs to
resolve it quickly it's not a pupper new
any problem Australia's created the
issue they have to solve it do you want
them not really we really don't need
them it's import
on Manus Island to most locals think
it's time the refugees moved on which
you know is four and a half years almost
five years I would have thought that
they should have won by now you know so
that's that's that's my view my concern
is that they might hang loose and you
know they they might freed born with
suicide bombing and so like that it's
what I had on the street they might do
something yes like we still hear on the
TV and radio suicide comic yes what
about so that I considered terrorists
I'm not sure potentially yeah I'm gonna
finish over there but that's what
they're seeing on the street and then
like they're saying be careful just be
careful okay Australia has done deals
with other countries to take refugees
during his final days in office
President Obama agreed to settle as many
as twelve hundred and fifty of
Australia's refugees in the United
States President Trump has called that a
dumb deal but has said reluctantly he'll
honor it but an offer from New Zealand
to resettle others has been rejected by
Australia's government which says as New
Zealanders have the right to settle in
Australia refugees would use New Zealand
as a back door into Australia going back
to the broader policy Australia's
government says rightly that there are
millions of refugees around the world
needing resettlement are you and the
other men here any more deserving than
any of them a resettlement in a rich
country like Australia what makes you
any more deserving than someone stuck in
a refugee camp in Lebanon for example I
know that it is a crisis in the world
but when we arrived to Australia was not
like this when we arrived to Australia
there was not Isis when we arrived to
Australia then you know the Australian
government has this right to torture us
is that what you say it has to adjust
people they very strong words you feel
tortured yeah it is the torture you know
we have been under torture still they
are torturing us you know we have been
under torture we have been under a
systematic torture you've been fed
they've been housed know it how's that
you know six people already died six
people are really dying under this
policy in this prison camp six people
six young people one of them killed by
the
stuff four of them they because of
medical neglect that leads to kill
themselves you know that was the you
know they they torture them for a long
time and after that they left them in
the island without protection no without
protection and they and also you know
they died in a suspicious way so we
still we don't know that they kill them
or they kill they their stuff but it's
the you know they those guys you know
they were with psychological illness for
a long time in his phone call with the
American president Australia's Prime
Minister Malcolm Turnbull described most
of the refugees here as economic
migrants you obviously now know them all
quite well is he right are you and some
of the others economic migrants rather
than genuinely genuinely fleeing
persecution yeah you know the Australian
Government and Pina government they
processed people under you know by in
international law and more than 90% of
the people recognized as a refugee but
you had money all of you you paid five
thousand dollars to get on a boat to
Christmas all the refugees not mean that
you know the poorest of the poor though
are you there's a desperate yeah yeah
it's not mean that you are poor you know
the refugees should be pool what are
your hopes for your future you know I I
hope that the you know the so many
people in Australia are fighting for us
and they are supporting
I hope that the Australian government
make solution a real solution and let us
go through so Johnny thank you very much
thank you talking to others
you
