with its bilingual German and soba SH
Street science and so close to the
Polish border cop bus has been a
cultural melting pot for centuries so
news that it would not accommodate any
more Syrian or Iraqi refugees sparked
angry demonstrations including even some
neo-nazi elements and makeup bus a
flashpoint between rival groups after
the demonstrators have dispersed though
the reality here in cop bus is somewhat
more nuanced and complex a town which
finds itself the rather reluctant focus
of a much wider issue here in Germany
City Hall insists the decision on new
arrivals was forced by practical issues
including a lack of kindergarten space
but it's put cut bus in the eye of a
storm of protest by us both the
situation is bad from all sides it will
have to be managed in case it escalates
there are acts of violence which we
condemn and where we hope the police and
justice authorities will respond to the
appropriate punishments those include
two separate knife incidents involving
Syrian youths and another word German
youth attacked a group of Afghans the
police presence in Cottbus has been
visibly raised but the perception of
fear has affected attitudes because how
many skills and I really have nothing
against immigrants they're welcome in
Germany but I am scared of I have
friends who are foreigners but what if I
end up with a knife in my back some
residents worry though the debate has
become quite so polarized as we hide out
to fish in I tried to understand that
there are people who are fierce and I
don't think it works to call them all
Nazis do you have a problem here with
right-wing extremism no doubt we don't
get further than that there's no factual
discussion architect our swed fled from
Homs and arrived in Corpus three years
ago
the tensions he says are being
manipulated to me it's like a bit like
propaganda it's like they use the story
the way it fits them that's that's what
I think because as you can see it's like
totally quiet I mean
there is no such a quiet city like
locals concerns about integration
resourcing and security are certainly
not limited to this city but
distinguishing reality from perception
is the key
Paul Brennan al Jazeera Kok boss
