the pictures and the achievement amazed
millions of people around the world but
SpaceX's Falcon heavy rocket launch with
its gracefully landing boosters didn't
seem to impress Russia's state space
agency Roscosmos it dismissed it as
little more than a PR stunt for Elon
Musk's Tesla electric cars if you have
noticed Ross cosmos said on a Russian
radio station this launch went up not
with some empty dummy or a load which he
wouldn't regret losing in a failure but
with one specific car there's some truth
in what Ross cosmos says speed on masks
is among other things a master at
promoting his various products but Ross
cosmos also seems to be covering its
eyes to the main point SpaceX is a space
technology game-changer and it's a game
some Russians fear they are likely to
lose this reveal his success is in fact
that he made the process less expensive
his Rockets are to be used multiple
times therefore he doesn't have to build
a new rocket every time and the price is
low he can take a satellite into orbit
cheaper and will lose it in these
competitions because our Rockets can be
used only once ego korchenko is one of a
number of deeply concerned Russian
defense and space analysts he's
concerned for Russia's share of the
space market and concerned SpaceX will
benefit the US military the workhorses
of Russia's state space program like the
Soyuz here suddenly feel like aging
remnants from a different era which they
are really saw use first launched in
1966 a new cosmodrome called Vostochny
in Russia's Far East has brought some
modernization but millions of dollars
have gone missing from the accounts the
cosmodromes corruption scandals
highlight the country's problem with
self sabotage even on projects of
national priority
Russia's illustrious history of space
exploration is set a huge source of
national pride but as the dawn breaks on
a new era one of commercial space travel
Russia will have to match innovative
nimble relatively cheap operators like
SpaceX if it's to stay competitive
that's a huge political and
technological challenge and one the
country is only just waking up to Rory
challon's al Jazeera Moscow
