police and military forces are holding a
routine checkpoint in Cancun in response
to a homicide rate that has risen 300%
in the last 14 months this driver was
detained after officers found a half
dozen mobile phones and a handgun in his
vehicle but even with the cooperation
military state and local police law
enforcement agencies are struggling to
fight crime mayor person that can also
massage are related to organized crime
they are committed by criminal groups
competing for control over other
criminal groups all of it is related to
the sale of drugs we rode along with the
division of federal police officers
patrolling a popular beach mexico's peak
tourism season is fast approaching and
the government is dispatching some 5000
federal agents across the country for
tourists looking for white sand and
turquoise waters however the violence
seems far away I feel very safe I walked
around late yesterday and it was very
calm I haven't noticed a lot of bad
things happening or anything
Cancun draws in billions of dollars from
tourism every year once the Sun sets
bars and nightclubs are packed with
partygoers but just a short drive away
there is another more dangerous sight of
the city we're in a residential
neighborhood near the center of town and
police have blocked off this road behind
me after a shooting took place only
about one hour ago police tell us that
two people were shot and the gunman fled
sadly this is a scene that plays out on
a near daily basis here in Cancun the
district attorney says there are one to
two murders on average everyday civil
society groups argue that the recent
increase in police hasn't served
everyone equally the decisions of
federal government are to protect the
hotel industry but what about the ones
that work in that industry and then
return to the area Square crime and
violence prevails walking along the
hotel district the two sides of the city
become apparent and nightly patrol by
federal police makes foreign tourists
feel safe but it also keeps the nearby
violence out of sight and out of mind
Manuel Rapinoe al Jazeera Cancun Mexico
