mikhail saakashvili thanks for joining
me on upfront
you were twice elected president of
Georgia and govern there for nine years
and yet you're now a wanted man in
Georgia you've gone from President to
fugitive how does that feel
no I mean I finished my presidential
term and I finished it with quite a
record
we you know Georgia has been the most
spectacular reform
transformation case in this part of the
world but then we had the government
after peaceful transition first-ever
peaceful transition in this region which
from the very beginning said our may one
of my main goals is to indict secretary
on no matter what so in the end they
said let us look for at least something
and finally they gave me a sentence for
presidential act of pardon for pardoning
prisoners well that's the only case in
modern world when President had been
tried not for corruption not for other
abuses but for right hold on hardened
although it wasn't a pardon it was the
cover-up that they alleged was
associated with the pardon but just for
the benefit of our global audience you
could face up to 11 years in prison in
Georgia for multiple charges dating back
to your presidency there including abuse
of power
you've already been sentenced to three
years behind bars earlier this week an
appeals court in Ukraine rejected your
request for protection against
extradition to Georgia you're in Ukraine
right now it does look like you're on
your way to prison doesn't it regardless
of how accurate you think the charges
are I have to say nobody in Georgia is
expecting me Georgian government despite
their formal announcements are very
scared that if I ever get extradited to
Georgia then there will be just wiped
out by an happy populace we where there
in the present government is extremely
unpopular and I am a creator of modern
Georgia State we have very strong
support among the people you say you
have you say you have a lot of support
amongst the Georgian people we'll come
back to that a moment but before we do
just to be clear is it correct to say
that as of now as of today this week you
are currently a stateless person because
you gave up your Georgian citizenship in
2015 to pursue a career in politics in
Ukraine and then last July you were
stripped
crane Ian citizenship for allegedly
providing false information on your
registration form so you're neither
Ukrainian or Georgian right now yes
probably I'm a stateless person but I'm
appealing in the courts and it's an
ongoing case to get my signatures back
of course under present legal system
Ukraine there is a slim possibility I
can do that because the president
certainly is he can control the courts
and for him it's a very very important
but you've had this big Rao you
mentioned the president you've had this
big round with President poroshenko of
Ukraine who is a former friend and ally
of yours but just on this issue of you
being in Ukraine you're sitting in front
of a Ukrainian flag what made you a
former president of one country Georgia
moved to another country Ukraine and try
and become prime minister of that
country many would say that's pretty
unpatriotic of a former president of
Georgia to do first of all there are
historic presidents Simone de Beauvoir
there was such a great historic figure
was president of a leader of five Latin
American countries but on the other hand
if Ukraine fails if Ukraine breaks up if
Russia is victorious Ukraine then
Georgia's which is ten times smaller
we'll just might disappear from the map
that's one big motivation I have second
I already had spent 13 years of my adult
life in Ukraine and I've been not only
participant of two Ukrainian my dance
Ukrainian revolutions or uprisings I was
one of their organizers argue lately so
the first Maidan so I've been I'm
heavily invested emotionally in Ukraine
and they have strong links for this
country and and also I have people you
say you have you say you have strong
links with the country but Ukrainians
don't seem to support your poll last
December by the International Republican
Institute showed that 75 percent of
Ukrainians three out of four people in
that country had either a somewhat or
very unfavorable view of you why not
just move on and let more viable popular
candidates run for office in Ukraine
you're not popular there I mean first of
all you're president of Ukraine
according to the same poll this year and
more unpopular second if you look at the
poll numbers every Ukrainian politician
is doing rather bad and that's the
that's the particular crisis in this
country that basically the entire
political class is hate your party was a
polling at 1% at the end of last
your Ukrainian party the movement of new
forces though one participant president
saakashvili no no no wait a minute
between one and seven and eight percent
depending - up in the polls second
president's part is not falling much
better either the problem is that it's
our political spectrum needs to be
reshuffle and needs to be changed and
that's exactly what we attract I stand
up for the idea of modernized Democratic
European Ukraine without an economy free
of all the guards free of corruption
because corruption is killing the
economy and if you the economy's being
killed if Ukraine doesn't get that of
the budget it will just disappear your
whole entire region will become a man
you you said earlier in the interview
that you said earlier in the interview
that the criminal charges against you
and George are all politically motivated
they're made up and yet you also face
criminal charges in Ukraine where you
are right now in fact you were supposed
to come to a studio to do this interview
but I believe you were so worried about
being arrested we've had to do this via
Skype isn't it a problem for you that
wherever you go for the Georgian Ukraine
you're being accused of crimes the
Ukrainians don't want to harass me to
try me I told them if you want to try me
try me because there is no evidence of
any crime subcommittee you know they
don't want to try me they want to expel
me from the candidate to want to get rid
of me and that's entirely different game
and the reason why they want to get rid
of me is that because they don't have
real case against me because I really
cross the path of oligarchs that want to
further plunder become to the country's
potential in the wealthiest country in
Europe because of resources and they
right now it's poorest country in Europe
gtp while GDP wise because seven
oligarchs hold hostage is the entire
wealth of the country and they hold up
do so and I'm there and they regard me
as their main enemy so you say you're
the enemy of the oligarchs and yet you
quit as governor of the corruption
ridden Odessa region in southern Ukraine
after just 18 months in 2016
without really making any dent in
reducing that corruption or going off to
those oligarchs and in fact back in
Georgia
one of the main charges against you
relates to massive embezzlement of
public funds by you wait a minute let's
go to Georgian charts it's not public
funds but presidential office expresses
the fact that they can't find any
personal benefit from me no personal
accounts no personal wealth which is
extremely rare in this region where
everybody steals like everybody
and we were the only case where absolute
president had zero
I came with the same amount of wealth or
whatever assets and developed with the
same ones I've never been rich and I'm
not rich now I'm even poorer now than I
was before presidency if you're so
innocent why not go back to Georgia and
make the case that you're making to me
in a court in your own former country
which you ran for nine years it was
European Court of Human Rights clearly
said that in Georgia they use
preliminary detention for the purpose of
color former because I really do know
how hard it is to hear you quoting the
ECHR against your own country's court
system when you were president for nine
years they criticized you and that court
system you locked up hundreds of people
and you didn't have a problem with the
Georgian a court system then no you
locked up your own defense minister on
charges of money laundering extortion
and abuse of power
European Court never supported this case
and supported the government first of
all second yes I'm proud that we locked
up corrupt officials of my own
government when I became president the
country was absolutely corrupt and it
was a failed state when I finished my
presidency state budget went up eleven
times economy went up four times Georgia
became the ninth best place to do
business in the world Georgia is number
816 in terms of economic freedom index
Wendy was right that's nothing to do
with what I asked about the judicial
system it's all about transparency it's
all about government it's all about the
legal system in fact our judiciary is
not ideal and it's right now being
controlled at system control control was
seized by biggest private or shareholder
of Russian Gazprom
with clear goal to jail me so the fact
is that he had clear goal to put me in
preliminary detention for many years
without even trying me because this
whole trial I understand your argument
all I'm asking is do you understand
anyone watching this interview might
find it odd that when you're accused of
corruption by Georgian court you say
it's all bias but when you accuse others
of corruption you lock them up and you
were criticized by human rights groups
not only I say the United States State
Department said that charges were biased
you know the European Union said the
same consolidation also criticized your
arrests of people you were criticized by
the ECHR in 2011 when you were president
you were criticized by Human Rights
Watch you were criticized by Carnegie in
various groups so what
so what we into a hypocrite so what no
I'm sorry I don't accept this I many
would say the double standard I think
you should select your words more
carefully because world bank wrote a
letter wrote a book when said that the
only case a successful transformation
worldwide in the Georgia was world's
number one performer in a reformist
country Ivan questioned you told me a
lot of people we locked up criminals
Georgia that was one of the most
criminal acts in reading country in the
world you say you look okay you said you
locked up criminals you say you locked
up criminals right and the ICG the
International Crisis Group what said
that you they were worried about your
increasingly authoritarian behavior
Human Rights Watch said your government
forces use violent excessive force to
disperse peaceful demonstrations in the
capital the International Committee to
Protect Journalists pointed out that you
shut down two television channels these
are not all criminals
Makana suckers really course not and I
tell you there was one rarely when was
organized some footings money and
everybody knows that our security force
were not ideal and we couldn't have
turned Georgia into liberal democracies
in eight years time but non-existing
country was turned into a best-before
example in Eurasia no country no can't
had increased its credentials so well in
nine years time and this is a well-known
fact that's why I was invited Ukraine
that's why we I feel strong support
among best young people among young
reformers among well-educated Ukrainians
as well as Georgia that's how I feel you
mentioned Vladimir Putin you're best
known in the West and the wider world
for being president of Georgia in 2008
when your then country went to war with
Russia and in just five days nearly a
thousand people died more than a hundred
thousand people were displaced and
exhaustive 1000-page report commissioned
by the European Union published in 2009
ultimately blamed Georgia they blamed
you not Russia or Putin for having
started that war many would say
therefore you have blood on your hands
it's totally fake they never blow him
the US and specially not in your lateral
nuts what they said is that Russian
troops were first to enter Georgian
territory and indeed our military
response to other countries troops
entering my territory our territory was
regarded as the day to start of the war
with respect they didn't say that at all
I've got the report quotes here they
said it was Georgia this is the diplomat
who led the investigation it was Georgia
which triggered off the war when it
attacked at Shin Qvale in South Ossetia
with heavy artillery it could not be
verified that Russia was on the verge of
a major attack as you claimed that's
what the report says before that read it
very carefully
they said Russian troops were we
confirmed they were already inside the
Georgian territory and then what you
your quote is well but when psycho as
well the quote says it was Georgia which
triggered off the war that's you
you triggered a war that killed almost a
thousand people it already entered when
they enter your territory respond I
would see that any president who doesn't
respond to foreign army and tree
research is a traitor any president who
doesn't use military force when you are
being attacked is a trade the report
says you overplayed your hand and you
acted in the heat of the moment with
heavy artillery or God's sake small
hundred times smaller country was
invaded by hundred times bigger enemy we
were attacked and bombed by two hundred
production planes we were attacked by
hundred thousand people army and you
didn't want us to even resist I'm not
mean I'm quoting the e I'm quoting an EU
Commission report which says open
hostilities began with a large-scale
Georgian military operation the question
is whether it was justifiable under
international law it was not says the
reporters are not my words because I
could lead us to words with independent
report commissioned by the EU and we
have overwhelming evidence that wasn't
one experiment several ask we're
responding we were responding and it's
sometimes there's also people who like
to blame the victim when you don't want
to scalp the victim they say well you
know it's the victim behavior as well
I'm sorry we believe the Swiss diplomat
who led the investigation was biased
against Georgia I believe that the facts
are very stubborn we were enter we were
attacked you cannot be blamed for being
attacked we were attacked and this is
the fact of life we protect our
sovereignty they went towards our
capital they couldn't enter our capital
because United States intervened because
our army was heroic because it was sixth
prize many leaders of European countries
came and stood under the Russian
bombardments with our people in this
just to be clear they just we know we're
very
just to be killed no one on this show or
in this interviews defending the
Russians or Putin and the report
criticizes Russia very heavily you're
right about that but it does say that
you started the war in defiance of
international law you can reject that
conclusion but that's what the report
says don't shoot the messenger I would
be entered by informs and then somebody
says well I'm sorry but I'm
international lawyer I'm a human rights
lawyer okay
right now just before we finish right
now you have neither Ukrainian nor
Georgian citizenship so what's next for
you McHale sac is really where you're
gonna be a year from now two years from
now I'll be fighting together with
people of Ukraine and Georgia against
Vladimir Putin's influence here for
liberation of our country's territory
from Russian enemies
from Russian hostile armies but as well
as from domestic oligarchs and corrupt
elements that seize power in our
countries and are killing prospects for
our population I think Ukraine will
become superpower of Europe and George
will be again once again by shining
example of success and reforms worldwide
as it was under my leadership Mikhail
Saakashvili
thank you for joining me on upfront
