Francois Moyo Meshach Beluga and leafy
MIMO becau be are on their way to
bandulu in the west of Democratic
Republic of Congo three strangers
sharing this barge with many others on a
two-day journey home along the Congo
River it's the only way for them to
travel cheaply in a country with
crumbling infrastructure in December
they go to the polls hoping that whoever
they elect will improve their lives they
will for the first time use electronic
voting machines I do not know anything
about this machine no one has told us
about it the only thing I know and a
half is my voters card
opposition leaders and other civil
society groups say the new system is not
secure enough the technology was created
by a South Korean company which built
similar machines for elections in
Argentina last year but the devices were
then rejected because of security issues
that made them vulnerable to hackers no
war machine we we speak about about the
paper in order not the Machine Electoral
Commission officials denied suggestions
the machines could be used for rigging
and say changing the system means
delaying the election they have the
support of members of the ruling
coalition every mission has been taken
by the Electoral Commission to ensure
that the process is secure opposition
politicians are units this system are
just afraid they will lose about a
hundred thousand machines will be
distributed across this vast nation the
second largest in Africa to be used by
46 million registered voters most people
in dr congo live in rural areas at this
port in the capital Kinshasa travelers
tell us that they are worried about the
election in the new voting system but
how many also say that they are more
concerned about the basics food shelter
security and better ways of getting home
than these rickety boats because I will
get a good vibe away
we are expecting a lot from this
election the situation in the country is
not good people are suffering a ferry
erected Breda
can change that with less than three
months to go before the poles changing
the system seems highly unlikely but
opposition leaders are standing their
ground that are non familia and
questionable technology will only dent
the credibility of the vote Catherine
saw a al Jazeera Kinshasa
