go down to the woods today in Sweden's
darlin at County and you may well meet a
cross-country skier for thousands of
years skis were how you traveled traded
and survived in this part of the world
now cross country is a national pursuit
that is also responsible for most of
Sweden's success at the Winter Games
it's a tradition in Sweden cross-country
skiing is very good for the body it's
soft for their knees for their back so
like a symbol for Sweden that we are a
winter country
Sweden's 29 cross country Olympic gold
medals make them second in the world
only to their Norwegian cousins next
door now for Sweden at the Olympics
cross-country skiing is all about their
rivalry with Norway but it means much
more than that back at home where they
have skiing partially to thank for
Swedish independence that Revolutionary
King Gustav Vasa travelled this region
on skis in the 16th century drumming up
support for his rebellion it led to
victory against the Danes here in fallen
and 400 years later it led to Vasaloppet
begun in 1922 Vasaloppet or the Vasa
race is the biggest in the world at 90
kilometers long and with 16,000
competitors the route is based on one
supposedly taken by Gustav Vasa but the
race named for the king has become more
a part of Swedish DNA than their royal
history even if Norwegians sometimes win
it and I did 7 hours and 20 minutes and
I think that's a really good time for
the first first try it's incredible like
you can't really imagine that there's
10,000 people lining up to do this crazy
thing and it's just really I mean I get
really psyched up I want to do it so bad
it's just really amazing the pull of the
race for Swedes leads many to high
official Vasaloppet coaches gurus for
this very Swedish rite of passage the
Olympics have like 50k their longest
distance in the Olympics and it's I
think Vasaloppet is a race by their own
and it's real
good engine for the cross-country skiing
in Sweden or also in the in the world 12
years have gone by since Sweden last
topped the Olympic cross country table
they'll hope the time until their next
coronation isn't measured in centuries
polarise
al jazeera farlan sweden
