just before sunrise Iraqi soldiers
prepare for their latest offensive after
pushing out Isis from northern Iraq
they're securing the border from other
armed groups and smugglers this drive is
aimed at defeating remnants of ISIL and
their Kurdish allies who call themselves
the white banners or white flags all
sections of Iraq security forces are
involved now on FEMA k1 we are here in
Cohen Camp in the fifth Brigade of the
federal police operations have started
by the army popular mobilization forces
and Federal Police to clean up all of
the region and clean up all of to
schemata as well as the participation of
the Rapid Response Forces soldiers said
they made steady gains despite booby
traps left for them we found so many
improvised explosive devices or IEDs on
the main roads planted by the enemy
before their withdrawal to hinder our
advance the hammerin mountains in her EG
region was a smuggling route even before
ISIL captured the area Iraqi forces have
talked since last year about controlling
the border town of tusu karamatsu
after seizing areas in Kirkuk province
from Kurdish Peshmerga fighters dusk our
motto is in a strategic position because
it straddles the oil-rich border between
Iran in Iraq as well as the Iraqi
province of salahuddin the areas of
proposed transit route for trucks
carrying oil Iraq's government agreed in
December to transport crude oil from
Kirkuk to kermanshah refinery in Iran in
return up to 60,000 barrels per day of
Iranian oil will be trucked to southern
Iraq government leaders in Baghdad have
been reluctant to use the oil
infrastructure of northern Iraq Kurdish
regional government or KRG
in the last few days the Iraqi troops
say their operation helped secure some
villages despite losing control of the
area the Kurdish regional government
supports the offensive and says Iranian
not Iraqi Kurds are members of the white
flags I can safely say that Tuesday our
motto is now safe and we will continue
helping the displaced to return to their
areas there is good coordination with
the Peshmerga that's why I thank God the
operations have gone a very smoothly
Shia militias who are now part of the
Iraqi security force have been accused
of causing demographic shifts and of
stopping people from returning home in
other areas Iraqi army commander Sato
square mod who is being secured to allow
displaced people to return critics
however say the well-being of the people
of Iraq seems to be a lower priority
than the focus on oil in its profits
some have enjoyed other there
