hello and welcome once again to rewind
I'm Kumar Santa Maria in the decade or
so since the start of al-jazeera English
back in 2006 we've broadcast hundreds of
moving powerful documentaries and here
on rewind we are revisiting some of the
best of them and looking at how the
story has moved on
today we're rewinding to 2012 when
faultlines Sebastien Walker returned to
Iraq to assess the state of the nation
after the withdrawal of US troops that
was supposed to be the end of nine years
of occupation following the downfall of
Saddam Hussein since that time of course
Iraq has had to endure chaos in the wake
of the rise of ISIL a government widely
seen as exacerbating sectarian divides
and the virtual destruction of cities
like Mosul in the attempt to drive ISIL
out in retrospect said Walker's film is
an extraordinary snapshot of a moment in
time a very personal journey through a
devastated land with hopes of a better
life emerging from the ashes hopes that
were to be cruelly dashed from 2012 his
faultlines Iraq after the Americans
it's been five years since I was last in
Iraq back then coalition troops were
still deployed in the southern city of
Basra
the military has left but many of the
British soldiers who were based here
have stayed on this time they're here
for the money business is booming for
their client - Iraq is pumping record
amounts of oil and production contracts
to develop the country's massive
southern oil fields have been auctioned
off to foreign companies
Vanita is Tom Olivia do you think he's
asking why the last of all finish and
yes at the mourn one other country
company come here China's National
Petroleum Corporation has partnered with
British giant BP to develop the Rumaila
oilfield the largest in Iraq newly
arrived Chinese oil workers and other
foreign employees meet their security
details in this car park at Basra
Airport for us to a private security
escort is still obligatory and this is
ours Basra was the first city to fall in
the 2003 us-led invasion I came here
that summer to report on angry protests
that had broken out against the lack of
electricity today there isn't much
improvement in the basic services people
were protesting for 9 years ago
Basra still suffers power cuts
unemployment also is widespread here
almost a quarter of people under 30
don't have jobs and while there are
signs of new money flowing in the cost
of living is rising fast Omar Hassan I'm
in Milan achieved dictatorial are you
well how can finance it look at photos a
film are highly magical always a
shocking Kabira didn't woge in her shop
for nine years union leader hash Maher
al-asad army has fought to keep Iraq
soil well flowing to Iraqis not just a
foreign companies Iraq's deputy prime
minister for energy says that the deals
the government has signed with foreign
investors are reaping rewards we have
already increased our production to 3
million barrels per day and during this
year we'll add another half a million or
more barrels per day so the progress is
there but despite record output in Basra
there's frustration that companies
developing the fields are importing
labour
and that there is no meaningful
legislation to protect iraqi jobs look
at it isn't it be affected it's cocoa
butter and legibly almond partner ramón
limón Cobra this is you remember Jim
Crimean Tatar Jana oh Allah Allah sure
and a monitored at Oakland High fetish
allocated Saddam he says it was the u.s.
decision to dismantle Iran's army and
national industries in the name of deep
Arthur vacation that caused widespread
unemployment and created a large pool of
Angry Men ready to take up arms from
Basra we drive north toward Najaf along
a road lined with symbols that
commemorates a battle lost and injustice
done
the cemetry of yd alsalam
or valley of peace surrounds the city it
is possibly the largest burial ground in
the world and the final resting place to
which many shia aspire the scale of this
place is absolutely breathtaking for
fourteen centuries sheer from all over
the world have been bringing their dead
to be buried here it's so immense that
in Najaf they say their city is half for
the living and half of the dead in 2004
the serenity of the Valley of Peace was
violated that spring fighters loyal to
moqtada al-sadr the son of one of Iraq's
most revered Shia clerics for US forces
in Baghdad and the holy cities of
Karbala Kufa and hearing a Jaffa but up
RPG landed yeah destroyed everything at
the beginning of August trying to root
out Sanders Madi army and take control
of Najaf US Marines invaded the cemetery
we've been taken into a part of the
graveyard where you can actually see the
destruction from the fighting that took
place in 2004 there's RPG holes in the
walls some of these graves are
completely destroyed I remember speaking
to Iraqis at the time who simply
couldn't believe that things had
deteriorated to such an extent that this
one of the most holy and sacred sites in
all of Iraq had turned into a
battleground between the mighty army and
the Americans
hundreds of mande fighters died in the
battle
in a new section of the cemetery built
for Sanders followers killed in the
uprisings and sectarian violence that
the us-led occupation provoked families
come to honor their dead no one knows
how many Iraqis have been killed since
the invasion estimates ranged from more
than 150 thousand to over a million for
years the u.s. claimed not to keep a
body count
but there are some 6,000 graves in this
cemetery alone where the grief seems
impossible to bury Ali Shakur Saddam's
mother died during the violence in 2004
his brother is buried here in the
section reserved for those killed by US
forces welcome to a terminal our Ataman
Nicole Baraka me any harm to many
Intifada energy offensive a little
poofer well hot on our Jew and you're
jokin in Hakka Darby the apostolate are
removable
Aladin Assad the Ratana Serena the
marina these were the people the US
military expected to welcome them but
they soon made enemies of people like
Ali and his family la cañada ma one
Colonel Hodges in al Martin Lake on
Maharana Abaddon like in another burner
if a tradition were in IBM in cave
economist hypnotherapy vaca frita job
Aneesa ok fair where my dad to him a
pool a la mala ali Neerja all be lucky
be him in America they think this is
over
Alamos Talal watter who Bhatia
who clearly on think Adira Quillin Tala
moqtada al-sadr followers listened to
him deliver some of his most incendiary
sermons against the occupation here his
base in the nearby city of Kufa now
sadder spends much of his time in Iran
and on this Friday he isn't here but the
message is political populist and
doesn't shy away from criticizing the
government in Bagdad the sermon
addresses the deepening conflict between
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-maliki's
party and opposition bloc's that has
virtually paralyzed Parliament for
months
over the years Santa has cultivated the
image of an independent champion of the
dispossessed Shia who make up his base
and he's transformed himself from a
leader of a militia into the leader of a
political party an important one on
which Maliki relies to maintain power
for years Saddam Hussein had banned
public celebrations of Shia festivals
and limited the flow of Iranian pilgrims
to measure now the pilgrims and tourists
are back prompting a boom in trade and
hotel developments and there were
unconfirmed reports that Iran is
planning to spend a billion dollars to
refurbish the Imam Ali shrine after
decades of being victims the Shia
majority in Iraq have emerged the
victors a Shia now holds the top post of
Prime Minister and commander-in-chief
and government positions are distributed
according to ethnic and sectarian quotas
the new balance of power in Iraq has
raised fears that Iran's influence is
growing both in Baghdad and here in
there jack Ayatollah Ali al-sistani is
the top spiritual guide for Iraqi Shia
and the leader of the school of clerics
that guard this shrine early in the
occupation he demanded the u.s.
organised direct elections while
opposing Iranian style theocratic
governance but Sistani is 81 years old
and there are reports that Iran is
campaigning to have one of their
ayatollahs succeed him in Iraq these
days regional ambitions run like
undercurrents reshaping the country but
over the past nine years political
violence has literally refashioned the
landscape I haven't been back to Baghdad
in about five years and we're only just
entering the city but immediately the
first thing that strikes you is a
drive-in is one thing that's really
changed
these wars
Baghdad is battle-scarred and sectioned
off by blast walls that were raised
first around government ministries and
military bases then around hotels filled
with foreigners and then as sectarian
attacks escalated around neighborhoods
the city was reconfigured as Iraqis fled
mixed areas for the relative safety of
religious and ethnically homogenous
enclaves harboring the wounds and
stories of the bloodshed the occupation
unleashed many remain there protected by
concrete walls checkpoints and each
other more than 1.3 million people
across Iraq are still displaced and in
Baghdad almost half a million remaining
camps like this one on the edge of the
shear neighborhood of CAD Amir Abu Saud
Jon's family was living in Tonia a Sunni
neighborhood north of Baghdad where
resistance to the occupation was fierce
al Qaeda also found a home there as it
chased others out when the family fled
they left everything behind and squatted
here and although they live in constant
fear of eviction they say they can't
return to tomia what's the point in the
Sunni neighborhood of Gaza Leah where
they came to escape threats from the
Mahdi Army in 2006 Hannah naive and her
mother-in-law are struggling to care for
their household including Hannah's two
kids
like almost 1 in 10 women in Iraq they
are widows Hannah's husband for sane was
killed by US forces during a raid on a
market in 2005 she had just learned she
was pregnant with their second child and
Berlin about moderation with the
neighbors Channel can only been home so
they had nearly a lower Galilee and one
metal solution hard to turn me I said
mom whatever he met atossa which I
inductively found her to be radiant so
far today honorable Hanuman or are they
which he hates be humble say anime Aman
survivor jihad your money
two years later Mandy is second son nori
was killed in a militia attack the
family lost another breadwinner and
bureaucracy has made it difficult for
them to get the support payment extends
to widows
baba Baba Sarah Medina yahooza the
Simkin another some of the Amazon had a
machetes
jolly mood why I know that's a little me
it's me Narnia and handy
yeah anisole tights - yeah honey
mother-in-law I heard of a virgin FCB
home on he had that I Jenni I made
hundred seventy Bassanio
it's a Vanya I may have a Democrat layer
and then Hamas in boredom whatta ya nah
jus da da da Korea is a new Mustafa door
for Khun DEJ kun Allahu Akbar
I'd Nana who I'm an eternity of Carmen
me my doorman Charlotte majora she a lot
littler yet about her home will help
myself
Kassem Mary Alice spent seven months in
US custody at Abu Ghraib prison and more
than a year and a half in other us run
detention Council he has testified to
u.s. military investigators that at Abu
Ghraib he was stripped and paraded naked
with a sack over his head dressed in
women's underwear cuffed and hung from a
window frame for hours when he asked to
pray and beaten into unconsciousness
minted it'd be a New Year's message
Anissa and G banana through him and how
a minute I did we left us all a little
early old cool in my capilene
ya know JD little salami Jared carry on
Jana any little how that she had it as
cassava field job or toss for money he
says it was part of us interrogators
strategy as they tried to quell
resistance that the u.s. terms
terrorism detaining people across the
country especially those from Sunni
areas Connie was Bill mean NDS mark
that's Martin ASEAN II yeah any trouble
okay all on us yeah I know I'm cleaner a
smart a nice
over the past year human rights groups
have reported that Iraqi government
security forces have conducted sweeps
preemptively arresting hundreds of
people detaining and sometimes torturing
them in secret prisons inside the
international zone
some are the same people who were
detained by the Americans and were
accused of being terrorists then many
live in Sunni areas in and around
Baghdad from where armed groups still
orchestrate attacks the government says
there are no secret prisons I could say
that there is no secret detention so we
welcome now Human Rights Watch Amnesty
Organization and the United Nation
organization to come and check and to
find out whether there is a secret
detention center in Iraq but the arrests
have fueled the perception in
communities like this one that the
government is targeting them much like
US forces used to we've come for Friday
prayer in addameer a Sunni neighborhood
that for many years was an important
center of anti-occupation resistance
getting here hasn't been easy
the current leaves being stopped from
getting access to the main mosque and
addameer by a police checkpoint and
further down the street there are
soldiers to our security guards
currently negotiating with them to get
approval for something we already have
approval to do and when prayers are over
no one here is willing to speak to us
people here are definitely scared to
speak on camera they're saying that if
they talk to us they think they'll be
arrested down the line and we've now
been told the we're not allowed to film
anywhere outside the compound around
addameer mosque the guards have taken
down the details of our security guards
and said that if we go outside that gate
and start filming we'll be arrested I
kind of speak but Lenape well deputy
prime minister Salah al mutlaq tells us
that the fear we felt in and Emir is
warranted he receives frequent reports
that those arrested face extortion by
security forces when they are again to
go to the trial they have to pay money
in order to go to the trial otherwise
the north
they will not be trial they will stay
for a lot of ten years mukluks duties as
the sunni deputy prime minister were
temporarily suspended shortly after US
troops withdrew in december and after he
called Prime Minister Maliki a dictator
I cannot be run by one one one party and
one one one man especially when it was
based on sectarianism but there are many
political parties that exist there were
elections held here there are ministries
controlled by different ministers this
isn't a dictatorship who is running the
Ministry of Defence who is running to
the Minister of Interior who is running
the intelligence who is running all the
security departments of a in this
country is one man on next destination
is the only city in Iraq where victory
celebrations were held as the last US
soldier left the country for Lujan's
protested the US military presence in
their city from the beginning of the
occupation and when the mutilated bodies
of four American contractors were strung
up on this bridge across the Euphrates
in 2004 Fallujah fate was sealed
what followed were two of the largest
assaults of the entire war with US
Marines using devastating firepower to
bombard the city into submission
the bloody campaigns had a profound
effect on the residents of Fallujah
Danny guns could be to show heart being
told that these graves are actually for
people who are still dying as a result
of the fighting that happened back in
2004 these are the graves of babies
who've died from having birth defects
and other diseases
nine-year-old Hamid cannot speak eat or
walk on his own his two younger siblings
are buried in what Fallujah pne's called
martyrs Cemetery I'll get it either how
that has to he Tian and I thought I said
give it tomorrow
I took a lot fun let's see how about MA
Anna didn't I miss my head Nana look at
Olivia so joining us while opinion you
know what Martha I said withstand tissue
a jalapeno wouldn't if Noah was near him
what assured that when he was born just
months after the us-led invasion hamid
seemed healthy but after the sieges of
2004 doctors diagnosed him with brain
atrophy there's no question in his
father's mind as to the cause but he was
had a comment about hawaii st holly in
with an alliance of them all lambda
canticle medina miss for the other one
muhammad one Ian how men's parents dread
the future that lies ahead for him here
in Fallujah
in the neonatal ward at Fallujah General
Hospital dr. Samira Aulani
has grown used to seeing babies born
with cancers and congenital
malformations both hands out I do not
know he's only four fingers not only
missing our ship Zayn Jassim is 24 days
old during the siege in 2004 her
mother's idea was living in a village on
Fallujah outskirts like many residents
of Fallujah dr. Elanna fled the worst of
the fighting in 2004 when she returned
she and her colleagues were immersed in
treating the injuries and trauma in its
wake then they started seeing a new
crisis imagine incidents of breath
difficulty before we are facing these
defects in le daily now she documents
every case she sees she has hundreds of
pictures and video clips saved on her
laptop of newborns with cleft palates
deformed limbs cancers enlarged and
atrophied brains our deaths have many
many cases of heart defects the Miss
shapen hearts are harder to detect and
those babies are often miscarried
stillborn or died shortly after birth
in a year-long survey Aulani conducted
at the hospital she found a hundred and
forty seven incidents of congenital
malformation per 1000 births about five
times the international norm and in
another study she and her colleagues
found higher than normal levels of
enriched uranium and mercury in the hair
of parents of children born with
congenital malformations and cancers how
do you explain that something happened
as you know uranium was not present in
the kids toy toys and it's not
we didn't buy it right from the shops
there's something happen in the city
well everybody knows what happened in
the city don't they actually we need
more investigations we need our DNA have
to be examined our chromosomes have to
be examined you know what happened in
Japan after Hiroshima and Nagasaki you
heard about what happened
years after that study by study
Aulani is trying to confirm beyond a
shadow of a doubt what people in
Fallujah are convinced is true that
there's a causal link between the
weapons used by US forces in 2004 the
amounts of enriched uranium in their
bodies and the alarming rise in numbers
of sick and malformed children here my
personal experience although you don't
want to talk about it it is so harmful
but one of my brothers have lost two
kids because of anomalies year after
2010-2011
yeah
after the u.s. assaults on Fallujah many
of the foreign fighters fled north and
set up camp in the city of Mosul I used
to live there until Al qaeda-linked
groups moved in while the violence has
dropped significantly from its peak in
2006 civilian casualty rates across Iraq
are on the rise again since I left in
Mosul has been under siege from car
bombings and assassinations of
government officials governor a Thiele
al new Jeffy's predecessor was killed in
one of those attacks he blames the
Americans for Moses plight and he says
it's taking on new dimensions the
American Excel above mistake in New York
not just to what al Qaeda and to fight
here but also in the how to govern Iraq
the new Iraq but they give dr. Elam Elam
cannot enter a lock like this if not the
America is here New Jersey says his
forces have made great strides to rid
his city of al Qaeda at other than al
Qaeda learn he or she and he really
examine Russia happening who not men you
have Daniel and maja mineral either over
the Qaeda in Mosul wanna worth of
knowledge or not or how they figure but
with armed police escorting us to our
next destination it's clear that fear
still remains Mosul streets are eerily
quiet and there's a sense that the
violence for which the city is notorious
is never far away
the family I'm about to meet protected
me from that violence and this is the
first time I'll have seen them since
their youngest son and the Reuters
photographer whose work is on exhibit
here was killed by US soldiers he said I
want to help
what you feel when you heard when in the
middle skill I was very excited to hear
that I was in Doha
we saw the story appear on the Reuters Y
out so I called you I think at that time
and I asked you to call Nabil because I
can go through it and I think the bill
is in Syria yeah
now Mia's older brother Nabil was in
charge of the Reuters operation in Mosul
we used to be a team the three of us
traveled around together
reporting on the growing insurgency
turning Mosel streets into a bloodbath
not like they're now and not not like in
2007 very difficult you need the Muslim
in them just when it was starting to as
the situation deteriorated
Namir was moved from Mosul but he
continued to document life under
occupation and the violence they had
unleashed the US economy here literally
Iraq victory from Iraq minzu Angie Dahl
who nocturia as what Netanyahu Natasha
and also our kathira minute tomorrow
will cotton one of visual art will modes
eligible eternal well Akina become
harder Jaheim ready can fell hard Cadmus
terminal allowed for sordin Amir habitat
and the who knock Terry hunt s word
what about within three years the man
was killed by US forces in back Tyler
his death captured forever on video shot
by the US military and eventually leaked
to the public by WikiLeaks fire
holla holla holla holla holla holla
mujahadin hua hua alum then usually
Philip Lenny zoom Mahalo to America who
are sharp no how'd that be and a masala
ha jab can you add more hey disturb less
than an hour's drive from Mosel the
notion of Iraq as one fabric has now all
but disintegrated the prospects of
Kurdish autonomy has been a fault line
cutting across the North since Iraq's
borders were drawn but when I was based
here it still at least looked like the
same country now it looks like a
different planet and that seems to be
the master plan that the Kurdish
authorities have massive foreign
investments and regeneration and
infrastructure projects transforming the
way these cities local Kurdish leaders
established their own regional
governments when a u.s. sponsored no-fly
zone was set up here after the first
Gulf War and they welcomed us forces
during the 2003 invasion in the years
that followed Washington lavished
political and financial support on
Kurdish leaders billing the region as
tomorrow's Iraq today an example of how
a liberated Iraq could look so if
there's one place where the u.s. can be
proud of its legacy in Iraq it should be
here and on the surface at least the
future seems brighter than ever it's a
bit surreal to see the architecture
transformed and major international
chains selling goods at Western prices
and it doesn't entirely make sense
most Iraqi Kurds earn only around $400 a
month actually doing the shopping on
Kurds from this region
it's Iraqi Arabs who've traveled up from
Bank now and all the rest of the country
and tourists who've come in from Turkey
and even Iran while Iranian influence
may be expanding in the south Turkey's
footprint here is growing by the day
Iraq has become turkey's second largest
trading partner most of that trade is
with the Kurdish region after years of
animosity economic potential seems to
have won out over turkeys antagonism
toward Iraqi Kurds and their dream of
Independence and the Kurds appear to
have found a new patron from
constructing the roads to rebuilding the
souk signs of the deepening ties are
everywhere
the Turkish company building on this
site has some of the biggest contracts
with the municipal authorities but 90%
of the work is here but from Turkey so
not everyone's feeling the benefits of
herbals boom lastly I mean I've sleepy
there you know Bonica deco all right
come on then boy boom boom not clear but
sighs it's gone it's nothing it but
Scarborough somebody took out of a dick
I've ever most imagine photography
should know you should add animal
anatomica Johnny he'll die because Hey
yeah hair Zaza's yatta laughs as Madonna
cosmetics he'll come down the cards have
always been strong supporters of their
own political leaders and the struggle
for self-determination that they have
represented
when I was here five years ago I never
used to hear the levels of frustration
with the Kurdish leadership that we're
hearing now and as we travel from Erbil
to Seoul ammonia that discontent becomes
even louder the families who've been
living in this building have been told
they have to leave the government is
making the move to the city limits so
that this area can be redeveloped they
say they don't have the means to build
homes there
Oh Stan Iike her Amon - she fucking cake
yeah babe she about Holly no she well
I'm I saw there's a growing perception
that the money flowing into the region
is ending up in the pockets of a small
business class all of them politicians
and party men a year and a half ago
frustration here in Seoul ammonia boiled
over it was February 2011 and inspired
by people's uprisings in Tunisia and
Egypt Kurdish activists took to the
streets against government corruption
and repression launching a protest of
thousands the lasted 63 days Emma Emma
Jo
Perdue silence a famine area we we
gotcha Mamata committee Omega G emulator
darker tan away Cassady women that have
a conservative selenium a militant girl
adobo millet not javonni in charka so
Allah Muhammad are not energy funny
Oh Anika when you could on the first day
government security forces opened fire
on demonstrators who had surrounded
political party offices and were
throwing stones dozens were wounded one
man was shot dead over the next two
months government forces killed at least
nine more protesters among them Zahir
Mahmoud a man's 14 year old son
sakhu dude the Select equal tha Bonet
democratical design unique binary image
men could channel a man I'm tuturro for
this surah Lauren Emma but the Kurds
have other worries tensions with the
central government are escalating
Kurdish leaders have been signing
development contracts with foreign oil
companies asserting it's their right to
do what they please with resources in
their territory Baghdad says that's just
not true
the KRG this is the Kurdish regional
government feel that they have the right
to negotiate sign and decide on the oil
that is located in the region they feel
they have the right to sign these
contracts and this is what the real
disagreement lies with the US allies
gone Iraqi Kurds are feeling less secure
than when thousands took to the streets
a year and a half ago demanding
democratic reforms in my bezanika Kumud
Nia Sarita Yaqui Surya robot marriage
even our you know Bujji 108 or Hermia
get a matte kool-aid and Manitoba woman
and I'm condemned you dizzy byakuya as
idea let me now I am towards the key
Anika but there a miracle Eugenia were
on to the air nephal yet but as Kurdish
leaders defy Baghdad and brokered deals
for oil pipelines with Turkey
it seems they're betting that this new
alliance will protect them even if it
cost them the promise of an independent
Kurdistan a term as Adi happy a
democracy our academic remember Abhishek
Nayar
Balam Katya Kara ordinary be reborn is a
machine territory for the Cockney
Kurdistan Pakistani army kotoba limited
territory accordingly declare the
determination whether division or hadn't
also amalgam is a man I mean cashier he
owns a military soda maybe if there's
one man who epitomizes claims that Iraq
is in danger of sliding back into
authoritarianism
it's fugitive vice-president Tariq
al-hashimi the day after US troops left
the country in December
Prime Minister Maliki issued an arrest
warrant for Iraq's most senior Sunni
politician accused of financing death
squads targeting Shia he fled to the
Kurdish north to escape arrest we caught
up with him shortly before he left the
country for Turkey my case is
straightforward sectarian politically
motivated in no way Tariq al-hashimi
could be engaged in any sort of violence
Hashmi says that his security guards
have been detained and tortured into
making false confessions against him
members of his entourage show us photos
they say or of one who died in custody
his body appears to show signs of
torture the judicial process has to be
respected and if Barak al-hashimi
believes he is innocent he should go to
the court and prove that innocence he
cannot fled the country or said someone
and they start trying to politicize the
issue the drama is the most visible
manifestation of a political crisis that
threatens further fragmentation
and iran sri descent into violent
conflict the reality is that we don't
have the real democracy in this country
it's a fake and iraq is moving towards a
very dangerous situation it's going to
be a dictatorship but in a sectarian way
throughout our journey across the
country from Basra to Erbil from nan
Jeff to Baghdad Fallujah and Mosul the
post occupation landscapes have varied
every city unique every stretch of road
another distinct piece of Iraq but in
each place the people we've met have
voiced similar things impatience of the
lack of basic services and jobs anger a
political corruption distrust of the
regional powers that seemed to have more
influence over their destinies than they
do and deep lingering bitterness about
what invasion and nine years of US
presence here has created
that legacy for nearly everyone that
we've met can be summed up in a single
word fear fear of the Prime Minister and
his grip on power fear of government
security forces and the armed groups of
sectarian politics and regional power
struggles fear that the ghosts of the
past will never stop haunting the
present and if Erica's ok you going to
continue and that where it's going to be
divided and there will be a war before
they divided and after they divided Iraq
after the Americans a powerful and
moving film which is made yet more
poignant by the fact that the terrible
events following the rise of ISIL had
yet to happen we're going to talk about
those issues now with founders eras
Middle East correspondent numeron can't
just back from Baghdad himself maybe you
can just give us a rundown of well those
last five years basically since the end
of that film and ISIL comes along well
that's it I think to really explain it
that we have to go back slightly further
to 2006 7 & 8 when Iraq was at breaking
point it was a near civil war between
the Sunnis and the Shia's and also there
was Al Qaeda in Iraq at the time now al
Qaeda in Iraq were able to form because
of a lot of anger towards the shia-led
government within Baghdad itself but it
was really the precursor to everything
that we've seen since then now al Qaeda
in Iraq were defeated by Sunni tribal
militias the suck was the awakening
councils supported by the Americans
now when the Sunni tribal militias got
rid of al Qaeda in the rock who they
were promised all sorts of things by the
shear led government in Baghdad and fast
forward now to 2012 and the Americans
leaving al Qaeda in Iraq had been
defeated there was a group coming up at
the time called the Islamic state in
Iraq again another threat to Iraq and
what happened was the she led government
in Baghdad really completely ignored the
concerns of the Sunnis particularly in
Anbar province and for years the Sunnis
protested saying they were promised all
sorts of things jobs within the military
civil service things like that for
defeating al Qaeda
things they were never given things are
getting better though I mean that sounds
like a very bleak picture but things are
getting there because prime minister
haider al-abadi is pushing forward with
with reforms but these reforms are being
met with with the stiff resistance from
those of people who have entrenched
positions around let's just pause for a
second because I want to bring someone
else into our conversation to talk a
little bit more about the human cost of
these last few years Johnny us from
Beirut Roger our who is Amnesty
International's advocacy director for
the Middle East and North Africa it's
nice to have you with us
ride em Ron's givin us a really good
rundown of how the politics have changed
I guess in the last five years and
bringing ISIL in our film talked about
1.3 million displaced people half a
million lived in just one camp how of
those numbers and situations changed the
numbers are much worse now Amnesty
International can confirm that the
number of IDPs in Iraq is over 3 million
now the Iraqi government has
unfortunately been a part of the problem
many of these internally displaced
people were displaced because of the
actions of the Iraqi government and
militias affiliated with the Iraqi
government and their conditions are
really bad because of the actions of the
Iraqi government many of them internally
displaced people are taken through
screening procedures where families are
separated many of them are arrested
under suspicions of collaborating or
working for Isis there are tens of
thousands of Iraqis who have been
arrested in the last few years with no
due process with no access to attorney
mostly based on a tip from an informant
or other suspicions so there are
government is definitely a part of the
problem in many cases it is the reason
behind the problem and the
reconstruction effort that was promised
has not even started in many cases right
tell me about outside influence and I'll
also ask you and run about this after we
from raid I'm specifically talking about
Iran amnesty has not commented on the
politics of what's going on in in Iraq
it doesn't really fall under our mandate
I mean I can say from from a person and
point of view that many of Iraq's
neighbors have been interfering in
Iraq's domestic politics in different
levels Iran for example has a lot of
leverage and power over Iraqi
politicians Iraqi militias some of the
militias seem to be armed directly or
even controlled directly by Tehran so
it's one of the countries that has been
involved very heavily in Iraq's domestic
issues I do think the Iranian influence
is absolutely key also Turkey you know
and we're looking you know Saudi Arabia
as well they're opening an embassy again
which they haven't done since 1991 so
these are all people that have something
to play for with in Iraq and the
influences are all there but what ride
was saying is very very important what
he was saying earlier about the Sunnis
and about their people who fought for
ISIL or not as the case may be being
separated from their families that will
lead to a lot of anger what I'm very
concerned about for the future of Iraq
is those people who are absolutely angry
at this government won't again be given
what they were promised they'll go back
to their homes they'll be abandoned and
that's what led to ISIL coming into
existence in Iraq in the first place
that's so many anger so the next fight
may well come from the very people ride
was just mentioning Ryder ah in Beirut
thank you so much for your time and your
thoughts in Imran Khan as well with us
here in studio thank you and that is it
from us to join us again though next
week and check out the rewind page at Al
Jazeera comm for more films from the
series I'm Camille Santa Maria thanks
for joining us we'll see you again soon
you
