when the waters rise they do so rapidly
and they're ruthless there's just time
to save what's essential I saved my two
nephews but then I couldn't get back the
water reached seven kilometers from
there I haven't heard anything from my
sister more than 100 members of the
truth day indigenous community left
everything behind when they fled Santa
Victoria evacuated to this school in the
nearby town of Aurora they're being fed
but they want to go home we're ready to
go back but we're scared the water is
filtered through losing our things would
be very sad we spent our lives there our
children grew up there
Carlos is one of the few who risks
staying behind there's nothing to eat
today it's been two days since we last
ate Carlos is waiting for his neighbours
to return which they will when this your
new road into town is repaired the
waters are subsiding these defenses and
constant vigilance saved Santa Victoria
this time that life here for the mostly
indigenous communities is precarious
they're returning home but wondering
when the floods will come again these
Tauber were not so lucky their community
Lakota Vita flooded and is now
unreachable but they were all rescued by
the provincial Civil Defence Force
working with police the Army and the Red
Cross it's not about preventing
emergencies anymore the emergencies come
by themselves there's no way of stopping
them what we've got to do is reduce the
risk determine what the risk is and be
there
it's a plan that worked while preparing
for disaster is one way to deal with
ever more frequent flooding and forest
fires some have other ideas madre the
river is our mother
we are fishermen and we live from her
now she's giving us a signal telling us
children think of your future so we'll
meet and decide whether to move away
from here for the future of our children
grandchildren this is a harsh infertile
region eking out a living keeping the
community together
it's insecure unpredictable the floods
have made that challenge a whole lot
more difficult
Daniel Schwimmer al-jazeera Santa
Victoria northern Argentina
