hello I'm Sammy say Dan this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business em economics
this week a lack of power and water in
an oil-rich economy the challenges
facing Iraq's next government also this
week a coffee fix calls for consumers to
wake up to changes leaving cotton
farmers in poverty plus Google at 20 a
look at how the search engine which
changed the internet impacts our lives
of this week German conglomerate Siemens
said it's in discussions to help get
Iran's power grid up and running
Iraqis held elections in May and the
country is in the process of forming a
new government so the timing is
interesting since the defeat of ISIL
last year there have been widespread
protests about a breakdown in public
services rebuilding efforts in Iraq have
been slow it's estimated that 100
billion dollars is needed for
reconstruction in the next 10 years
Iraq's allies pledged 30 billion dollars
at a donor conference in February but
part of the problem is ensuring the
uncorrupt use of the country's oil
wealth and reconstruction funding
nevertheless there has been some
progress Rob Matheson reports now from
Baghdad on a railway project underway in
Fallujah two shining rails stretching
west from Baghdad snaking through the
desert for 57 kilometers at the other
end is the city of Fallujah accessible
once again to rail travelers Fallujah
today is not like Fallujah in the past
the railroad is a sign of life getting
back to normal after getting rid of ISIL
these whale tracks were closed when ISIL
fighters swept through the west of Iraq
in 2014 when Iraqi railways reopens the
bag that the Fallujah line we didn't
think of the economic benefit this is a
message of peace to the people of
Fallujah after the dark days when ISIL
used to rule those parts
after the defeat of ISIL there have been
roads that have been open between
Baghdad and Fallujah but they're
peppered with security checks and that
journey can take anything up to several
hours but this train doesn't stop for
checkpoints the journey between Baghdad
and Fallujah takes just 55 minutes by
railway and the high cost of fuel means
traveling by Road is more expensive
basic train tickets for a one-way
journey cost just under $2 going by the
Train is much easier we avoid traffic
jams many checkpoints across the highway
or even deadly car accidents it's also
much cheaper than road transport when
the train arrives in Fallujah 57
kilometres may not seem far but this
reopen track is a milestone for Iraq's
railways joining me now from London is
Schwan's allows chuan is a fellow at
King's College and a managing director
of Carducci consulting good to have you
with us so from the protests in the
South that it looks like a pretty urgent
situation how urgent is the electricity
crisis from an economic perspective
though thank you well the the
electricity crisis in Iraq is not one
issue that can be resolved overnight
there's a compounding spontaneous issues
with the electricity sector for example
if you look at the the the power
generation and demand they're completely
at odds with each other especially at
peak time if you look at the in the heat
of summer for example the month of July
there's almost 50% shortage in
electricity generation - why why is
there such you know why they at such
odds with each other
why is electricity grid in such a bad
shape to start off with in such an
oil-rich country well there's plenty of
issues I mean one of the main issues for
me is the the fact that the business
model for electricity sector in Iraq
doesn't work it doesn't work for example
it's all a government-owned that there's
no enough investment coming into the
sector and secondly the the government
who
who sort of manages the electricity
sector it doesn't really collect enough
from the consumers when you say you know
not enough money's coming in officially
forty billion u.s. dollars has been
allocated to the power sector over the
last what 15 years where did that money
go well if we look at the mini Iraq
generally the this the the corruption is
sort of eating the country alive for
example if you look at Basra is very
good example you mentioned the protests
not only electricity even water hasn't
been managed to be provided although
despite millions billions of dollars has
been spent on the sector to try to
revamp there but because of the the way
the the bureaucracy works and the
multi-layer corruption you have this
monopoly from the private local small
power generator very polluting very
noisy in a neighborhood which charge
extortionate amounts of money given what
you said then can the solution be you
know it's been suggested building more
Siemens power stations for example which
can convert or rely on the conversion of
flag gas
if the problem is corruption if the
problem is much deeper than simply not
enough supply of electricity it's waste
corruption etc extortion racketeering
doesn't sound like something you can
solve with more Flair conversion gas
stations definitely not I think the the
recent news about Siemens sort of
bringing three hundred thousand bringing
electricity to three hundred thousand
Iraqis it's a very welcome news the
problem is as you mentioned you can
increase you know powered power
generation but the demand increase
because the the consumer doesn't take
responsibility at the same time if
you're not if you're not paying your
bills you wouldn't be you know keeping
tap on how much how much electricity you
use so the more you increase generation
the the consumption grows up and given
the Iraqi population is growing at a
fast rate is in this cash up game it
just never works I was at an Iraqi
reconstruction conference in Kuwait last
year where around 30 billion u.s.
dollars was committed to help Iraq
particularly with its infrastructure
is any of that money actually
materializing not really no I think and
that's a testament to itself the
investors international community are
willing to help investors are willing to
invest because Iraq as you mentioned
there is a huge wealth oil wealth is
coming from with especially we're now
with high old prices however when
investors go to Iraq and look at the
regulatory environment look at the way
how sluggish the bureaucracy is most
investors at the end give up I mean for
example there are good ideas there are a
good project for example there's solar
which is you know could resolve a lot of
the issue specially in the house there's
plenty of Sun in Iraq there's no
shortage of it and the peak demand
usually in Iraq in its summer month in
during the afternoon where the Sun is
blazing so air conditioning can easily
be you know the Sun can easily be
converted to power to power air
conditioning in Iraq let's thank very
much
Sean's allow thank you for your comments
on this thank you US President Donald
Trump's second round of Iran sanctions
targeting oil exports are due to kick in
in November and the EU has come up with
an idea a special purpose vehicle
illegal payments tool to help companies
continue trading and buying oil from
Iran Russia and China also want in but
it's unclear how it'll work
she Hobart ANSI has more from Washington
DC the EU was reported to have been
discussing what it calls a special
purpose vehicle for several weeks the EU
foreign policy chief said it would be
going ahead
EU Member States will set up a legal
entity to facilitate legitimate
financial transactions with Iran and
this will allow European companies to
continue to trade with Iran in
accordance with European Union law and
could be open to other partners in the
world
the plans discussed in the past have
involved an entity being set up to act
as a go-between or Clearing House
between Iran and other nations to
facilitate commercial transactions for
example if a country or company wants to
buy Iranian oil it would send money to
or perhaps engage in a
falta system involving this entity which
will handle the transaction with iran
the same will be true in Reverse for
Iran's dealings with the rest of the
world the idea is to bypass commercial
and central banks who are fearful of
being frozen out of the US financial
system if they help circumvent the new
sanctions being imposed by the Trump
administration against Iran in November
however the details have yet to be
worked out and there is some skepticism
that the system will work especially
given the large number of European
companies already curtailing their
business dealings with Iran those
meeting at the UN also announced that
Iran remained in compliance with the
nuclear deal and pledged their
commitment to remain participants still
to come on counting the cost Argentina
gets the biggest loan in the IMF's
history but first Google is celebrating
turning 20 years old began as a simple
search engine is now technology giant
which has revolutionized the world and
the way we do things
Rob Reynolds reports from Mountain View
California in just a few minutes but
first his Charlotte Bayliss with a quick
snapshot of the rise of Google let's
start in Menlo Park California where
Google was born on September the 27th
1998 working out of Susan Wojcicki
scourged now the CEO of YouTube Sergey
Brin and Larry Page launched a search
engine unlike any other the Stanford
graduate students decide to list search
results based on how many other pages
were linked to it not keywords you got
the most relevant results at the top
Google also provides you with a really
fast efficient interface well we really
measure is how long does it take from
when you have an information need until
Google's satisfied that need for you 20
years on and Google is now a verb a
simple search will scour 1.9 billion
websites to produce a ranked list of
results
Google's offerings expanded in 2004 as
the company went public and debuted
Gmail revolutionizing webmail the next
year can Google Maps the year after it
bought YouTube and in the last decade
Google released its file storage service
called Google Drive smartphones
self-driving cars
and advanced speakers billions of people
now use google products every day most
through its search engine in 2012 Google
reached 1.2 trillion searches for the
year but that's where the data stops
Google now just says searches are in the
trillions and with advertising the main
source of revenue the money follows at
the page views google's prophet saw to
one hundred and ten billion dollars last
year while alphabet its parent company
has a market valuation of eight hundred
and twenty billion dollars this is what
google's search page looked like the day
it was launched and this is the
company's first headquarters with
founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin 20
years later
Google's enormous success has given it
this huge ever-expanding Silicon Valley
headquarters known as the Googleplex
page and Brin are multi-billionaires
and Google knows a lot about us they
know who you are they know a lot about
your habits they know what kind of
videos you watch they know how many
emails you get they are very large an
important part of most people's daily
lives it's search engine processes three
and a half billion requests per day or
1.2 trillion a year that information is
power Google uses the information to
lucrative ly target advertising to
customers the more they know about you
the more they can market you to
advertisers the collection of our
activities and what we do every day you
know who what are the rules what are the
rules that govern that when when a
company collects and amasses that much
information in the u.s. Google like
other big tech companies is largely
unregulated regarding what they do with
the information they collect the idea
that these companies will self-regulate
is is laughable and I think it's been
shown that is insufficient that may be
changing in congressional hearings this
week lawmakers discussed a federal
internet privacy law to regulate big
tech companies behavior the European
Union has taken a stricter line passing
sweeping new online privacy rules and
recently levying
the multi-billion dollar fines on Google
for anti-competitive practices Google's
corporate culture appears to be changing
earlier this year Google quietly dropped
its famous motto don't be evil from its
corporate code of conduct in April 3000
Google employees signed a petition
demanding the company and its
partnership with the Pentagon called
Project maven that uses images and
artificial intelligence to improve drone
strike accuracy on the battlefield
Google now says it will not renew its
Pentagon contract when it expires in
2019 in just two decades Google has made
itself practically indispensable in the
lives of billions of people what it will
do with its information power and wealth
over the next 20 years is something that
should concern each one of them Tesla
without the Elan musk at the wheel the
stock market regulator in the u.s. is
seeking to bar him from serving as the
electric car makers CEO the Securities
and Exchange Commission alleges he
committed securities fraud when he
tweeted about privatization plans the
agency's complaint is the first fraud
case involving the use of social media
by the CEO of a public company in a
statement issued by Tesla must called
the SEC action unjustified wake up and
smell the coffee
that's the message to consumers of
coffee drinks all over the world this
week you see the International price of
coffee has fallen below 1 US dollar per
pound bumper harvests and weaker
currencies in places like Brazil are
being blamed and that's jeopardizing the
livelihoods of 25 million coffee farmers
now the International Coffee
Organization says some coffee farmers
may be forced to abandon production
altogether an ascender amputee has more
from Rivera in Colombia I leave you
Morales coffee plains are as lush and
loaded with beans as ever yet for the
first time he's considering leaving them
on the tree alone with the situation as
it is right now we can't continue
producing we are running out of
fertilizers we can
pay our debts or pay the workers we've
reached our limit the price buyers pay
for Olivia's pressures Arabica beans has
fallen to less than one US dollar a
pound that's less than what it costs to
grow the coffee in Colombia's
mountainous labor intensive coffee
region I've seen people crying over what
they're being paid for a bag of
hard-earned beans people just crying out
of desperation current prices mean that
farmers make less than one cent of a US
dollar for each cup of coffee sold
across the world farmers here in
Colombia are wondering for just how long
they'll be able to work at these prices
others already gave up like the owners
of this field that abandoned it two
months ago Lisa it's very painful it's
devastating because we spend all of our
life growing coffee these are new plants
that just started producing last year so
much work such a big investment yet the
situation is so bad that these people
decided to let the beans rot a small
representation of farmers held a sit-in
in front of the Embassy of the European
Union in Bogota to bring attention to
their situation Olivia says he's giving
up hope
I'm not sure what we're going to do what
I do know is that it's not sustainable
and that we might be close to the end of
the road the Colombian government said
it's considering emergency financial
help for the growers but unless farmers
receive a more fair share of the cut
their beloved Java will leave them with
nothing but a bitter taste
so as Alessandro was reporting there's a
bitter truth at the heart of the
industry this kind of crop you see is
not economically sustainable at least
not for the farmers 90 percent of the
world's coffee production takes place in
developing countries if the cost of
production suddenly goes up for a coffee
farmer they have few - no options now
there are growing calls for leading
companies including Nestle and Starbucks
to commit to buying coffee at more than
the cost of production this week
Starbucks said its committee
up to 20 million dollars to provide
emergency relief to the smallholder
farmers at the bottom of its supply
chain joining me now from London is
josée Sethi
josée is the executive director of the
International Coffee Organization good
to have you with us so first of all
explain to us if coffee production is
expected to increase going forward is
that going to push prices down further
eliminate eventually a lot of farmers
and then the price comes to some kind of
profitable equilibrium well that's that
is the worst case scenario I think
coffee is a cyclical commodity it's a
perennial crop it's a tree crop so the
adjustments to changes in supply and
demand take time but what we need is
much greater support from the industry
during this difficult period and this is
in the self-interest of the industry
they need coffee supplies going forward
in the long term the future for coffee
is very bright demand is increasing
steadily we are opening new markets
especially in Asia so the the prospects
for coffee demand are great but we face
immense challenges first in prices right
now that's an immediate challenge but in
the medium and long term we have to deal
with climate change we have to deal with
aging farmers and attract the youth to
coffee farming we have to close the so
called the gender gap and make coffee
more coffee cultivation more attractive
for women more profitable for women okay
let me jump in Joe say when you say it's
in the interests of the industry that
produces the companies to make sure that
the farmers aren't wiped out surely it's
in their interest just to keep those
farmers barely alive so that the
production continues to keep the price
as low as possible it's not in their
interest to really make sure that they
get a really good generous slice of the
coffee pie right the the amount that
goes to of the total revenues of the
industry that goes to farmers is very
small my question is what's your
solution if it's not a cartel than
regulation I mean what can you do this
the livelihoods of 25 million people
could be at stake so how do you help
them without distorting market forces
like I said I think we have to raise
awareness in the industry about their
shared responsibility so that they can
invest more in the sustainability of
coffee farmers farming let me just give
you a couple of figures we estimate that
the total revenues from coffee all over
the world per year are around more more
than 200 billion dollars a year now that
of that maybe 16 billion around 8
percent reaches the the farmer in
addition the industry does already
invest in some sustainability
initiatives and that we estimate to be
around 350 million dollars a year now
this is the figure that I think needs to
be looked at carefully and the industry
needs to really up their game and
increase this and invest a lot more in
the sustainability of farmers which are
the base of their business if they don't
farmers can switch crops they can move
on they won't have well if they don't
they won't have the coffee supplies that
they will need in the future and what
does that mean for the world problems
like you mentioned the environment human
migration and so on there's a lot at
stake here right exactly we
pauperization we see unauthorized
migration both from Central America to
the US but also from Africa to Europe so
this is likely to put more pressure on
the existing tendencies that are already
out there so as I as I said before it's
in the self-interest of the roasting
industry to invest more in the health in
the sustainability of the farmers thanks
so much Jose they've given us a lot of
ideas to distill over a cup of coffee
thanks thank you and keep drinking
coffee and finally a bigger and faster
bailout Argentina has secured the
biggest ever loan in the history of the
International Monetary Fund Argentina is
battling a budget deficit an economic
crisis and a collapsing currency so this
week the IMF increased a previous
bailout package to fifty seven billion
dollars Christine Lagarde managing
director of the IMF says 7 billion
dollar boost is all about restoring
investor confidence the phone remains
fully committed to helping Argentina
tackle the challenges that it faces it
is the largest ever program that the IMF
is putting together we stand by
Argentina and we have confidence in the
efforts that they want to deploy
the big change is in two numbers
nineteen nineteen nineteen billion US
dollars additional for 2019 and that's
our show for this week but remember you
can get in touch with us via Twitter use
the hashtag a JCTC when you do or drop
us an email counting the cost of al
jazeera dotnet is our address there's
more for you on line at aljazeera.com
CTC that will take you straight to our
page which has individual reports links
and entire episodes for you to catch up
on that's it for this edition of
counting the cost
I'm Sam is a Dan from the whole team
thanks for joining us the news on al
Jazeera is next
