this was a patriotic celebration at home
and a display of North Korea's military
might
for those abroad our army defends us and
keeps us happy it's our People's Army
just like its name so this army founding
day is a great day for all of us
Thursday was the 70th anniversary of the
founding of the North Korean army the
military parade in Pyongyang comes after
the world witnessed advances in the
isolated country's weapons program last
year leader Kim jong-un praised what he
called quote a world-class military with
the most powerful force
despite punishing sanctions I would say
that it's a show of defiance but it's a
show of modest and well measured
defiance a North Korean government wants
to emphasize that they are a nuclear and
missile power and likely to remain such
in the Festiva future no matter what
this year's army parade wasn't broadcast
live on state TV and no new high profile
weapons were displayed the toned down
approach was likely a response to a
criticism of the show of military force
on the eve of the opening ceremony of
the Pyeongchang Olympics with North
Koreans participating in an
unprecedented way at these games South
Koreans are hoping the only suspense and
drama will be during competition I feel
very proud that a global event like the
Olympics is taking place in South Korea
Kim Jong Un's sister is expected to
attend the opening ceremony in which
North and South Korean athletes plan to
march under a unified flag she'll be the
first member of the ruling Kim family to
step foot on South Korean soil since the
Korean War in the 1950s from government
leaders to people on the street there's
optimism that the Pyeongchang games will
help rebuild the ties between the two
Koreas it's already being called the
peace Olympics
Natasha came al Jazeera come young South
Korea
