this rescue team from Taichung in
central Taiwan is preparing to go into
the building for the first time whoo
yeah Chung and his men are used to
dealing with earthquakes but this
building is in a particularly perilous
position as you can see it's very
slanted so we have to take precautions
and special gear to ensure our safety
other emergency crews from across the
island have also joined this operation
and local media are camped around the
building anxiously following progress
along with many others you know what not
we are struggling against aftershocks
and bad weather and we will continue to
search we won't give up aftershocks have
become less frequent but they still
occur an alarm sounds each time and eyes
turn instinctively towards the teetering
structure inside the tight young team
stop aftershock one of them shouts and
deep within the structure all they can
do is wait for the tremor to end more
steel reinforcements have been brought
in to prop up the building it means when
the alarm sounds the crews can wait
inside until the tremor passes before
continuing their work but they know the
time for any survivors is running out
the Taichung team emerged finding no
signs of life and admit the job makes
them sometimes fear for their own lives
as ambassadors or when the aftershock
happens I still get nervous there's
nothing you can do but get into a safe
corner and pray if survivors are still
to be found alive they're likely to be
in more inaccessible parts of this block
harder for the rescuers to get to more
dangerous for them to work in Rob
mcbride al jazeera wily and Taiwan
