a staff secretary Rob Porter essentially
monitors the paperwork that goes across
the president's desk he often travels
with the president and had a hand in
writing the State of the Union address
he's not a well-known name but he plays
a key role in the West Wing but in the
past few days the deal-a-meal comm has
published stories quoting his two
ex-wives who say they were physically
abused by him one to the extent she
obtained a restraining order after
dismissing the claims is outrageous and
false he has now decided to quit from
the podium of the White House briefing
room there was a defense from the
highest level rob has been an effective
in his role as staff secretary and the
president chief of staff have had full
confidence and trust in his abilities
and his performance in a more of an
update on that front Rob has put out a
statement which I can read to you now
and I think it will address some of
those other questions these outrageous
allegations are simply false I took the
photos given to the media nearly 15
years ago and the reality behind them is
nowhere close to what is being described
it's reported the FBI knew of the
assault allegations and that could have
impacted on Porter security claims he'll
leave the White House after a transition
period but the date of his final day at
the president's site has not been
decided Allen Fisher al Jazeera
Washington
