a huge crowd gathers for the funeral of
Khalid Walid to you he was shot in the
chest by an Israeli army during their
raid on Wednesday night he died in
hospital his distraught mother calls out
for her dead son Carla that was 22 and
worked with his father in the family
business
these Raley say they were looking for a
Palestinian man suspected of stabbing a
settler from an illegal settlement near
Nablus they didn't find him but 110
people were wounded in the raid
according to Palestinian medical sources
the injuries were result of gunfire
rubber-coated steel bullets and tear gas
the youth stood up to the Israeli army
when they raided Nablus clashes started
and he was killed he will remain strong
in our hearts and this will not break us
it's not just a mine we should resist
they don't want to arrest us they shoot
to kill Palestinians here are very angry
or what they say our heavy-handed
Israeli army tactics they feel that
every time a raid takes place it's like
they're being collectively punished the
search for the man accused of killing
the settler continues that Palestinians
know that when night falls it could be
their village or neighborhood that gets
raided next Imran Khan al Jazeera Nablus
occupied West Bank
