his family has kept his room the same as
it was the day he left home for the last
time a reminder of the kind of man he
was
Michelle Han was studying journalism at
Abdullah Khan University in Mardan in
April last year he was lynched by 200
fellow students the mob was spurred by
rumors that Khan had somehow insulted
Islam but earlier this year a police
investigation found that there was no
evidence he ever violated any blasphemy
laws police did find that university
officials whom Han had publicly
criticized for corruption and
incompetence conspired to make false
allegations against him and rallied the
mob that killed him
he was just only criticizing the system
and you allege blasphemy and him so I
will tell to government to diminish
these laws because if we will not
abolish these rules and these laws from
its roots and we will not emerge this so
I think that more and more marshals will
be killed in this world more and more
machines will be assassinated because
this is a very easy blame to alleged on
someone for his mother losing one child
has been so traumatic that she won't let
her other children go back to school too
afraid of what might happen to them she
says when her son's body was brought
home he had been so badly beaten she
only recognized him from the tips of his
fingers and when she kissed him on his
toes in the aftermath police were
accused of not responding quickly enough
to stop the attack and in some cases
even facilitating it police say they're
reassessing their approach to blasphemy
cases committing blasphemy or not is a
separate issue the main thing is whether
we will allow people to take law in
their hand and kill any person for
committing any kind of a crime so my
answer is no we will not allow anyone to
take law in their hands and kill anyone
for committing certain act of crime even
in death Michelle Khan is not safe a
police unit guards his grave because of
threats from religious hardliners
of digging up and burning his body the
final resting place of this young man
has become a kind of symbol in this
community people with a little more
liberal a point of view come here to pay
their respects to someone who was beaten
to death for thinking a little bit
differently despite the fact that Han
was innocent of allegations against him
in Pakistan facts are often ignored in
the court of public opinion many people
here still believe that what happened to
him on the day he died was the right
thing
Jane buss Ravi al Jazeera Mardan
