there were large protests on the streets
of Jakarta one year ago held by
conservative groups accusing the city's
Christian governor of blasphemy bazooka
cahaya Poornima was sentenced to two
years in prison and lost his re-election
bid
during a news conference in Jakarta the
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights
said this case shows strains of
intolerance have made inroads into
Indonesia's once liberal culture
discrimination on the basis of religious
beliefs and color is wrong
discrimination on the basis of sexual
orientation on any other spaces the High
Commissioner has urged Indonesians to
not move backwards on human rights and
resist attempts to introduce new forms
of discriminatory lost Parliament is
discussing a new proposal that outlaws
gay relationships or any other forms of
consensual sex between unmarried couples
he condemned the rate in Icheon late
January where a police chief detained 12
people he's suspected of being
transgender women he was filmed scolding
them in front of an angry crowd having
them stripped of their shirts and having
their hairs cut while the police chief
is under investigation for possible
abuses and he gay protesters in Aceh
came out in his defense I chase
Indonesia's only province that enforces
Islamic law kita we are more and more
eroding our own constitution our
Constitution guarantees that all
citizens from whatever religion ethnic
group or any other difference are
entitled to the same treatment if one
group in society becomes effective it
means we have failed as a nation the
High Commissioner was invited by the
government to witness the progress the
country has made in protecting people's
rights but human rights groups say there
has been
improvement and Indonesia's human rights
situation remains critical it is seen as
a bold move by Indonesia to invite the
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights at
a time when intolerance against
minorities is growing president Joko
Widodo has campaigned on a platform for
diversity has been criticised for not
speaking up in defense of all citizens
of the country heading into elections
next year many here fear that
hostilities against minorities will only
increase the government says the High
Commission appraised Indonesia for
coming a long way in a short time and
for being an example to other countries
in the region but it admits more needs
to be done step fasten al Jazeera
Jakarta
