the negotiating teams emerged blinking
into the bright Berlin sunlight clearly
relieved it was all over three days
after the supposed deadline for
agreement it had taken a marathon 24
hour session to finally seal the deal it
was mid-afternoon by the time that party
leaders felt ready to speak I know that
millions of Germans have been watching
us very closely over recent weeks they
had to justified demands of us firstly
please form a government at long last
and a stable one and second think of
people's real needs and interests I'm
convinced that the coalition agreement
we've come up with together can do
precisely that I think that what we've
managed to achieve really does bear the
stamp of a Social Democrats the
agreements been heavily influenced by us
and we're grateful was been able to
achieve some concessions that were
difficult for the Conservatives for the
past five weeks Germany's center-right
CDU and center-left SPD have been locked
in negotiations over a common position
on issues including health care labor
reform immigration and housing policy
allocating ministerial positions
involved more compromise but with a deal
now done those compromises have been
bitterly criticized by the right-wing
AFD party the assignment of the ministry
shows that the CDU has totally
surrendered out of fear of the SPD
members the CDU has given up his
ideology and now it's giving up in
practical terms - because it has none of
the main ministries anymore the CDU is
just an empty shell there is one last
hurdle to clear though before the new
grand coalition government can be
confirmed SPD members now get their vote
on the deal and their sentiment appears
evenly split
Kevin Koo not the leader of the SPD
young socialist group use us has been
organizing a strong youth campaign
against another so-called grow curve the
question might be though whether his
appeal
and especially his voting strategies
representing carries enough weight to
convince the older members which are
probably more inclined to be persuaded
by the older wart which is gonna rally
in favor of joining the wrong coalition
the SPD postal vote will take about two
weeks to produce a result the Coalition
is not a done deal yet
Paul Brennan al Jazeera Berlin
