the intensity of the fighting on the
ground in Yemen is showing no signs of
letting up while the saudi-led coalition
targets Houthi rebels in fighting
between Yemen's political factions has
turned city streets into frontlines
after more than three years of war the
United Nations says the humanitarian
crisis here is the worst in the world
and it's children who are suffering the
most at this hospital in western Aldana
province babies and their mothers are
brought here for treatment most suffer
from severe malnutrition but with little
money and even fewer resources health
officials say there isn't much they can
do most of our patients are suffering
from malnourishment especially babies
who breastfeed from their mothers the
number of children that are dying is
higher than that of mothers as we are
unable to treat severe cases we are also
unable to provide proper nutrition to
pregnant women the United Nations
children's charity says at least 5,000
children have been killed or injured
since the start of the war that means on
average five children lose their lives
or are maimed every day the UN says more
than 11 million children nearly every
child in Yemen needs some form of
humanitarian assistance to survive the
ongoing war has led to the spread of
war-related epidemics such as cholera
which broke out in Yemen last year this
exacerbated the malnutrition crisis and
caused the number of cases to double
however we'll never know how bad the
situation is because many people cannot
make it to hospitals or medical centers
Saudi Arabia says it has sent nearly a
billion dollars worth of aid to Yemen
and plans to spend another
one-and-a-half billion but rights groups
accused the Saudi military's air
campaign of repeatedly striking civilian
targets including markets and medical
facilities and say the coalition's
blockade on ports under Houthi control
has been a major factor in pushing Yemen
into near starvation whatever the case
the war and the humanitarian crisis it's
caused is likely to continue for some
time in Thea's tyub al Jazeera
