as a medulla receives mourners outside
his home in rare hanley his mind is
elsewhere he's still trying to process
the death of his daughter Fatima who was
killed last week she had just turned 17
his son bill Gaye was injured in the
same attack when a rocket fired by the
Kurdish militia the YPG hit their home
in the early hours of the morning we
were sleeping a lot sounder
I couldn't see anything for a second it
was pitch black when I looked up there
was a hole in the ceiling the wall next
to me had collapsed
I felt incredible pain on my ankle
doctors say that while bill gay will be
able to walk again his leg will never
fully recover he won't be able to run or
jump again the mourners here don't only
share feelings of sorrow they're United
in their opposition to the Kurdish
militia who they consider to be
terrorists
Ahmed takes me to see his house it's
around 10 kilometers away from the
border with Syria the destruction caused
is extensive not only has he lost his
daughter he's also lost his home this is
the room where fatima spends her last
night in this world she was sleeping
when the rocket landed it came through
the ceiling and it killed her instantly
her blood still stains the place where
she lay on that fateful morning as far
as her father is concerned he has no
doubts he's very clear as to who is
responsible for the killing of his young
daughter and what needs to be done in
order to ensure that other parents don't
suffer the same as him lucemon Berlin
the PKK and YPG are responsible for the
death of my daughter
they're attacking us from across the
border it's their rockets and bombs that
have killed our children the Turkish
army must kill them all despite his loss
on evident grief or maybe as a direct
result of it
Ahmed is defiant if the nation in our
army need us then we are ready to join
the war even if there are a hundred or
thousand martyrs we will carry on the
fight turkey says it's fighting the YPG
is part of its war against
terrorism the YPG accuses the Turkish
military of killing Kurdish civilians in
its bid to control parts of Syria the
undeniable fact however is that nothing
will bring back this man's young girl
and the sad truth is that more parents
will sit clinging on to photos of their
dead children as this war continues
jamal al al jazeera where Handley on the
turkey-syria border
