the confluence of two rivers this is
where Kuala Lumpur began more than 160
years ago
the name means muddy estuary in the
Malay language but as the city expanded
what used to be the administrative and
commercial hub soon lost its importance
to newer shinier buildings parts of the
older downtown area fell into disuse but
there are plans to revive this part of
the city as more people move in the
cities there's a growing demand for
spaces in cities and the challenge was
it is then it's about regenerate
existing urban areas as opposed to
expanding and eventually resulting in
urban sprawl urban sprawl only results
in negative outcomes like eggs pollution
extract commute think city an urban
regeneration body owned by Malaysia's
sovereign wealth fund believes one way
to revitalize the city is by making
existing spaces more inclusive that
includes turning parking spots into
small Gardens some temporary others
permanent there aren't many places
around here where one can stop to rest
so this is great when you're tired you
can sit down here for a break there's
also a plan to introduce the concept of
micro housing and communal living this
house is a prototype built as part of a
showcase for the ninth world
urban forum taking place in Kuala Lumpur
actually a lack of housing choice in the
city for young people to want to be here
by using this sort of
communal living plus Macker housing
model then hopefully the young people
want to come back built on a space
measuring five by five meters the
footprint of each house is just the size
of two parking spots clever designs
ensure space is not wasted these shelves
double up as steps
and once you're up in the bedroom you
can close it and it becomes part of the
floor the house lacks a dining room
because that's meant to be a shared area
over the next few weeks those behind
this project will gauge public reaction
to this type of housing model but what's
clear is the drive to inject a new life
into the city has begun florence lui al
jazeera
kuala lumpur
