a supposedly secure part of Kabul the
scene of mass casualties a luxury hotel
targeted and now in the US Capitol new
questions about whether President Donald
Trump's strategy in Afghanistan is
working the attacks last month were a
real shock
that's a State Department official
touting the new policy and hearing these
kinds of criticisms maybe it's time we
have a frank discussion Congress whether
or not there is a military solution in
Afghanistan we're spending 50 billion
dollars a year that could be better
spent why do the Taliban want a
political settlement they now control
more territory than they controlled
since 2001 they're gaining ground
they're creating chaos that was the big
question here what is the long-term
strategy the administration has long
said they want to negotiate a settlement
with the Taliban that is until President
Trump said the opposite there's no
talking to the Taliban we don't want to
talk to the Taliban we're gonna finish
what we have to finish what nobody else
has been able to finish we're going to
be able to do it the explanation now he
was simply upset I think what President
President Trump was expressing was a
reaction to the terrorist activities of
that the horrible terrorist activities
last month in Kabul significant elements
of the Taliban are not prepared to
negotiate and it may take a long time
before they are willing to negotiate to
get them there the administration says
they need to turn the tide on the
battlefield the coalition just announced
that they've expanded the bombing
campaign to the north in just over the
last four days
dropping 24 bombs on what they say were
Taliban targets the most ever from a
b-52 bomber the air campaign has
dramatically increased under President
Trump according to data from the US
military they drop more than 4,300 bombs
in 2017 that's up from around 1300 the
year before Secretary of Defense James
Madison the strategy on Capitol Hill in
fact what we are doing to earn the trust
of the American people is to ensure
another 9/11 hatched out of there does
not happen during our watch making it
clear recent events will not change the
Strada
after more than 16 years more troops
more bombing with the hope it eventually
leads to peace petty Colleen al-jazeera
Washington
