hi I'm Sami okay done Malika Bilal the
Roma people are the largest ethnic
minority group in Europe but they often
experience hate and social exclusion
however many Roma artists especially
women are using their work to fight
sexism racism and discrimination today
we speak with a few including the
co-founder of a feminist theater group
to learn how the challenging stereotypes
about their community you're now in the
stream and we're live on al Jazeera and
YouTube so be sure to leave your
comments on YouTube and your questions
we will do our best to get them into
this show I am very positive : I am a
Roma from Czech Republic and I am
activists working with a people on the
ground and I am industry
2005 was the start of Europe's decade of
Roma inclusion it has been years since
the multinational initiative wrapped up
its aim was to close the gaps between
Roma and the rest of society but Roma
community to continue to experience hate
as well as social and economic
discrimination in response Roma
activists are using the power of art to
combat negative stereotypes about their
lives and culture some of these artists
like Romania's feminist Julie Penn
theatre company particularly hope to
bust myths about the lives of Roma women
held both within and outside the
community how to look at one of the
group's performances
Oh
so how our jeweler pen and other Roma
using their activist art tell their own
stories and challenge negative
narratives joining us to talk about this
in Valencia Spain
mihaela dragon is an actress and
playwright and the co-founder of
Romania's uvula pen theatre company
Nicoletta bitsu is the president of the
Democratic Federation of Roma from
Romania as well as the co-chair of the
European Roma Institute for arts and
culture she joins us from Bucharest also
in Bucharest alina sherman is an actress
and founder of the untold stories'
theatre company and in worcester UK Lisa
Smith news editor of the travelers times
and that's website covering Roma news
and culture hello everybody good to have
you here
mihaela I'm just thinking when you're
thinking up a piece of theatre and
you're thinking how does this help
people understand the Roma better where
do you start
what are you trying to do well we we
created two roma Roma feminist theatre
to be penned like an answer to all the
the way in which very stereotypical way
in which Roma people are presented in
art in the public discards in society so
we wanted to show to the people that
Roma art is contemporary is alive it's
progressive we are we are feminist we
are progressive women and we want to
share our stories because it's a lot of
stick a lot of stigma around Roma people
and included to the Roma women so we
want to say other stories Elina going
back a few years ago there was a time
when you and some friends got together
and you did performance street art using
the kind of words that people use about
Roma people can you repeat some of those
phrases so that we understand what we're
talking about here and then how you turn
that into performance art yes back in
2009 when there were no cultural shows
about Roma people and they were vilified
or demonized or exotic fide I went on
the streets with few actors and spoke
this derogatory saying like don't play
with the gypsy if you if you paid for
bad I'm gonna take you to the gypsy oh
don't be such a geek or even from the
pop songs that we know only you bring
out the gypsy
so we try to we go on the street and
look into the eyes of the people and to
say hey I am a human just like you and
you know what I didn't have your
privilege yet where you are but if I
would get the chance I will so through
the art we managed to come closer to the
people and to as we had our thing to
bring our stories and show how how human
we are and how beautiful in all the
senses I'm just thinking Nicoletta
and Lisa when you're hearing that when
you hear these these clear insults how
do you react Nicolai so you go first
Lisa he's passing the buck here you need
more time to think Lisa when you hear
these insults when people say these
words these phrases what's your reaction
people I sure film that we looked at is
trying combat negative stereotypes of
deceptions of what it means to be Roma
was recently I wrote and produced a
short film called Hut she and what this
looked at heart she in Roman II British
Romney language translated means
Hedgehog and this was because the leads
character he was very much an introvert
at heart and he had this perceived
really hard exterior and if the story
was actually based on my brother's truly
true life experience and it was him
as a Romany man as a Roman II gay man
and as a Roman II gay man who was
profoundly deaf and and I think film and
moving image in particular can be a very
very powerful tool to be able to convey
those stories that are untold and that
we do not get to hear a very often I
would say and what I wanted to provide
was with that was a snapshot the foreign
outside is just to have an in
side into this person's lived reality
this person's lived experience and as we
know we're are all so many things and so
often or not Roma we get to find by this
one the one thing and that is simply
being Roma and one of the things that I
see Roma artists challenging across
Europe and across the world is that
they're actually they're challenging
what is this perception what is this
rhetoric and what it means to be Roma
within that within our own communities
and actually within outside of that so
picking up on what you mentioned there
Lisa I wanted to bring in the
perspective of someone online this is
Peter who tweeted that most of this
discrimination that you all are talking
about begins with those stereotypes
almost everyone has heard of the
discriminatory stereotypes of Romania
Kamel Roma communities he says in
Romania specifically he goes on to say
the most negative is that you can never
trust anyone from a Roma community that
stereotype is mainstreamed and popular
culture and then more particularly he
says another ignorant stereotype is that
Roma women will seduce they will deceive
and they will rob their non-roma lovers
this stereotype is also in popular
culture
Nicoletta can you talk to us about this
particular part of that stereotype as it
affects women yes of course I can and
it's I mean I'm trying to talk about
this for the last 26 years and I just
you know I'm sure that my Romani women
fellow artists will do more than I will
succeed to change the minds of people
more than I did but when I hear these
it's I have mixed emotions because in a
way you I realized that the discourse
about Roma and stereotypes didn't change
since 19th century so this is really sad
and in the same time I'm after 26 years
of activism I have the impression that
every day I have to take take it over
and over again from the beginning and to
explain from everything but the
conclusion is that our societies are
really systematically
and systemically reproducing the same
stereotypes through all the institutions
and this is like you know very bad and
you we are talking about the population
which is on the territory of Europe
since the 14th century and which was
part of the formation of the National
States across Europe but they are not
there we are still foreigners on our own
lands in our own nations in our own
States so this is really very
deep-rooted in in the minds and systems
for society and of course why can we can
find with sorry if I can add to that
exactly to the roots that the internet I
was saying nobody or very few know about
the history of Roma in the Romanian
countries which is rooted in slavery so
when we speak about the situation of
Roma women nowadays and we stigmatize
them for being in situations of early
marriages and we stigmatize
traditionalists we do not think about
the fact that these early marriages come
from the past when women were used to
raped by the boyars by the owners so
when we do not know about this very very
dark history of slavery of Holocaust how
can we heal the present see you know I'm
just gonna slug it down a little bit
because you put up huge chunks of the
Roman authorities history huge chunks so
I'm gonna stop with with let me stop let
me start with your play here the great
shame there's a little clip that you
sent us and it talks about what you've
been talking about but in a real live
conversation have a look
Selena obviously I'm watching a play
here but I'm being educated at the same
time who's your audience who are you
talking to right there
it's a wide audience it's not only for
Roma or Romanian it's for people across
the countries and coming from different
backgrounds because first of all we're
all humans so it's just that because of
this continuation of stereotypes we
don't get to see each other to know each
other's history so when people come to
see this play they distinct some people
that we they only hear through the media
when they are stereotyped and so on so
forth but when they see a play and when
they feel film about them are people
made through our vision because that is
a major problem that is always missing
our point of view of the Tauri big I
would say it it bridges art makes this
bridge between people so we come maybe
at the middle of this bridge and say hey
I respect your differences and if I can
I will emphasize with your fame that's
the beauty of art don't don't we history
anymore or don't really here
I don't know write in brochures about
discriminations they want to speak do
people like me when we think about early
marriages on order history here am i I
come from a traditional Roma family I
refused early marriage go merci
so when speak about this perform up for
more people that are in community than
ha hidden they should just see that
amongst them there are a lot of
individual Roma it's also scared I mean
it's about hate I think it's a when you
think about the image I mean the
representation of hate it's a it's a
deep hate and here it's not only hate
it's fear and it's not racism and
discrimination itself fear getting too
close to a Romani women because Romani
women exotic because Romani women are
dangerous and of course in all the in
all the history of the world and the
human being the hate and the fear the
representation of fear and hate unknown
was rude images of women in general and
the witches for example in timber in in
time of the cathodic recession so in
case of Roma is the same the the peak
representation and the most how to say
stereotyped and charged representation
of the fear against Roma is through the
images of Romani women and that's what I
mean my colleagues are trying to educate
the public that we are not all the same
and it's a that's that's a mistake and
image of ourselves well that said
there's someone here who may agree with
you and and she's fighting back in her
own way through song and music this is
real night she sent us a video comment
on how she's trying to change the
narrative and reclaim it for herself
have a listen hi I'm Brian recently I've
been involved in developing a production
called Roma army with the director Gail
in Berlin and one of our main objectives
when developing this production was
about reclaiming our narrative and
rebranding our image as a method of self
empowerment for us and for the wider
community something I wish people knew
about us as a community was that
actually we're just like you and while
we have a massive importance placed on
family and a respect for our elders and
on our community as a whole there's so
much stigma surrounding us that I feel
like the human element the fact that we
are humans just like you gets lost and
that's why I wish people knew no mihaela
you heard what she said about what she
wants people to take away from her word
what is it that you want people to take
away from yours and what's been the
feedback so far yes so it was it was
Ryan my colleague from Roma our mediator
show from Berlin well we when we speak
about Romani women how they are
represented in society in the public
discourse there are a lot of stereotypes
we have created a show that is called
Gazzo deal done with all these
stereotypes about Romani women and they
are seen at mysterious exotic submissive
this is our the biggest cliche about us
very often is the hyper sexualization
that non-roma men are doing regarding us
so we do a lot of criticize I mean this
theater showing Gadgeteer know about
about this day about all this Christian
so this these are the labels that wants
to remove remove we are we are Romani
women we are we are not submissive we
are not exact we yes there are some
areas that you can entry that if you had
them or talked about them on a
discussion show if you talked about them
face to face
they would be incredibly taboo that show
in particular has issues of LGBTQ issues
except shoe a leti issues
how are the audience how's the Roma
audience reacting well we had very
different reactions first of all because
it's a very provocative show it speaks
about sexuality of Roma women and it
says the story of a Romani Liz
woman so it was I think it was for the
first time in Romania when we opened the
discussion about LGBT Roma's so of
course there was a lot of Romani men
especially from the Roma community who
reacted in a very negative way because
they say well we we deal with the
anti-racist message if we if we include
the issues about LGBT Roma we don't have
so many this is not our issue of the
Roma movement and who tried to tell them
well we have an intersectional
perspective these people are existing in
our communities and they face homophobia
racism or sexism if we speak about trans
lesbian the Romani women and of course
we we receive negative reaction from the
conservative Roma people but this is our
role to change perspective and create a
progressive disgust I find in the same
time in the same time we had a lot of
Romani LGBT audience that came to us and
for the first time they felt represented
representation is so important Lisa I
see you nodding there's mahalia speaking
I wanna show everybody this the
travellers times your news editor at the
travelers times when I actually went on
to your Twitter feed I found this story
no exhibition of photos from Roma
youngsters in Glasgow helps show the
whole picture and then this wee youth
must never give up the fight for Roma
equality read the latest these are
images that you don't necessarily see
let me say mainstream media how do you
combat that Lisa well this is why
travelers times exist is to try and
combat the huge amount of negative
stereotyping that happens in mainstream
media and an untold story in the UK very
similar to Elena's point in Romania is
that we have an untold history of
deportation slavery execution and
children's displacement being taken away
from Romany families on the basis that
they are just Roma and I really liked
Elena's point when she said you know the
power of Arts and I think that's the
message that we'll all try to say here
is the power of art is humour
humana tithing people and what I felt
was how we confused the power of vanity
more creative interactions we we made a
short film actually a travelers time is
called oldest show on the road on the
road that highlighted the persecution
through time and history and how now we
are people and we're situating ourselves
as empowered individuals you know who
are telling our own narratives and are
increasingly creating and writing our
own discourses I hear you there but I
want to throw in I want to throw in one
other perspective because we're talking
about art to change the narrative but
people online and reminding us of course
there is not just one narrative so this
is Jelani on twitter who says although
some roma groups are enthusiastic about
creating a shared identity discourse of
the roma has pointed out the difficulty
in a non territorial traditionally
itinerate group seeing itself as united
another person picks up on that theme
and Jonathan he tweets in he says we're
not a single group and not so he wants
people to know we're not a single group
with a single culture across the
continent it would be like talking about
the worldwide African community Roma
have many cultures languages religions
and customs and these make us richer as
a people Nicoletta
can you give us that perspective keeping
in mind that yes people are trying to
represent to their community but it has
not been just one monolithic community
and the difficulty in that it's not only
one monolithic community and this is
driven by the local histories national
histories and we have been influenced by
the majority religions and majority
history but this and all the artists are
trying to and they are succeeding to
represent the diversity of the stories
we are holding with us for the centuries
but in the same time it's have told me
that it's a sense of belonging to a
transnational people sense so it's like
we are so diverse and we are not only
diverse in terms of geographies and
cultures we also diverse in sense of
sexual orientation or
or religion or other other diversity
which are or social class including so
but I have to admit that being 26 years
an activist on international levels
there is a sense of belonging when you
come together there's a sense that you
especially for artists and activists and
people it's the sense that you really
have a common fight so you have a common
fight anyway you want to add it I can
quote something from the greeting the
play about Roma's slavery is that at one
point a character says you know what is
for my identity what I identify with the
feeling of hate identify with the
feeling of being rejected because even
though we are so so different and unique
in our own way when we steal the
belonging is sometimes when I connect to
me highlight the fight until it
satisfied and other women's fight when
they too are discriminated on on this on
this base of being from the Roma
community so in this feeling of oh I
will connect rejection because I know on
my skin what is that like I guess I want
to share this quote with you it's from
crimina Buda Nova and crimina says if
the mainstream media remains closed off
to Roma perspectives quotas right here
on my laptop then Roma should find
alternatives create alliances with
independent journalists and use the
digital space to promote their views and
their work which is what I hear that you
are doing Mallika what do you have to
add I will end with this comment from
someone who describes herself as an
American Roma woman as she's watching us
live on YouTube and she says I hope that
we can also work and support each other
transnationally because I relate it to
what Alena was saying earlier and what
all the panelists are saying even though
I'm in the u.s. there's nothing so
pointless is talking about art you have
to see it as well let me end with a
little bit of the Roma Army trailer have
a look at this
ham Spanish license a king allant a
tracker he can finish / design when I
can enlighten first class I'm rather
unsteadily CFO with a minor in vanished
and report it and need Romania I was a
co-conspirator in Berlin Thank You
mihaela Nicoletta Alena and Lisa for
being part of our conversation this
conversation is a big one it continues
online we'll see you there hashtag a day
stream thanks for watching
you
