Russia's presidential election takes
place about six weeks from now the
Kremlin has been clamping down on
critical voices and as the opposition
politician at the heart of this story
Alexei Navalny will tell you there's
nothing particularly subtle about the
government's tactics Navalny was
arrested last weekend his YouTube based
channel was shut down in the middle of a
broadcast
he was probably banking on the attention
that he gets from global news outlets
international coverage along with his
online following have been central to
navall these media strategy as the
Kremlin has steadily tightened the
screws on domestic news outlets over the
past few years ownership of mass media
in Russia has shifted almost entirely
into the hands of the Kremlin's allies
Moscow has also blocked access to VPNs
the virtual private networks that
allowed citizens to circumvent
censorship online and a new law is in
the works that would require some
journalists and bloggers to register as
foreign agents it's no wonder that the
loudest voices in Russia these days are
those who call President Vladimir Putin
a national Savior our starting point
this week is Moscow
not to sell Alexei Navalny short but his
arrest last weekend in Moscow does not
really fall under the category of
breaking news in Russia it's the fourth
time the vonlee's been arrested since
calling for a boycott of a presidential
election in which he has been banned
from running
both his arrest and the storming of his
foundations YouTube studio in mid
broadcast were tailor-made moments for
me dobra ultra insurance was
multi-generational kanai's now a new
life Domino is Prescott drama teacher
that sound you hear is a chainsaw the
police playing their part in the new
spectacle this particular video is
pretty dramatic
during the conversation that the hosts
are having while the police is trying to
break through the door they call
themselves journalists but you're
working for a politician and this is a
political channel probably you're not
really a journalist this whole video
falls into Alexei Navalny z' campaign
strategy he knows if he goes out he will
probably be arrested and the footage
that you saw was done quite
professionally you see two young girls
looking at him with admiration as if he
were some celebrity this is an
opportunity to mobilize supporters and
perhaps acquire new ones because if he
doesn't produce media events you will
disappear the politician it's also an
opportunity to show one more time to the
global community that the leader of a
protest has been arrested and isolated
and when the Western media covers the
arrest it helps him build his image
overseas
somebody has to cover Alexey Navalny
since Russian news outlets owned or
controlled by the Kremlin have
effectively blackballed him Western news
organizations however have never met a
Russian dissident they didn't like is it
worth your life because there is a big
target on you no question whether it's a
soviet-era Sakharov or soldier Nats
senator Orrin Navalny today your
position they tend to give the Navalny
story the surface treatment
the one time blogger the anti-corruption
crusade who bypassed probe Putin news
media by using social media to take on
the Kremlin where the foreign coverage
tends to fall short though is the nerve
only backstory is past rotations with
Russian nationalist movements in 2007 he
likened Muslims to insects in 2008 it
was George's he called them rodents and
said they should all be deported from
Russia and in 2013 he publicly backed
nationalist skinheads who attacked
immigrants he tried to shift more to
mainstream liberal values so I don't
think that I didn't notice some
nationalistic ideas they just don't
write about this now because he doesn't
say anything mystic anymore nobody his
base of support is not in Moscow it is
not in Russia but it is mostly in the
West among American government officials
among American media and some European
governments that believe that his
political activities in Russia benefit
them and that is why in the Western
media and the valley is presented as a
martyr but the reality is that the
current in Russia is quite lenient when
it comes to no one and his supporters
because even though Vladimir Putin has
authoritarian tendencies his government
applies them quite selectively
politically that means a dissident like
Alexei Navalny gets arrested frequently
but is never locked up for long
the Kremlin takes a similar approach to
the news media again it can act in
authoritarian ways but falls somewhere
short of being dictatorial the first
came to power in 2000 it was arresting
the owner of an TV channel he obtained
control over TV pretty quickly then he
took control over the biggest internet
newspapers like petrol lnter ooh
but then social networks became very
important and he faced the problem that
he cannot just close Facebook so this is
the biggest challenge now for the
Kremlin there's news cluster gears best
of thing there is a cluster of media
outlets that the state directly
influences in terms of editorial policy
Channel One and Vega Turki for example
both of which a state-owned channels
then there are media outlets owned by
large businesses that are loyal to the
state this includes channel 5 is bestia
and ren-tv there is no doubt that there
are lists of people like nirvani who are
banned from appearing on these channels
and then there are oppositional media
such as Novaya Gazeta mediazona and
medusa which take the counter position
more and media executives have developed
an internal system of values where they
self censor over what kinds of things
they can and cannot say otherwise they
wouldn't keep their jobs but still you
are not a very big informational source
if less than 1 million viewers per month
usually they will allow you to exist
there's a reason for that Vladimir Putin
understands that he does not need to
control all of the Russian news media
just the bulk of it the major plays
which is why for the most part the
Kremlin leaves newspapers alone knowing
that print journalism is nowhere near as
influential as television and by
tolerating the existence of an
independently minded radio station like
echo Moscow or a relatively small
critical television outlet dodged there
is just enough media plurality in Russia
for the government's defenders to say
things like this support government
positions there are opposition magazines
and newspapers there are opposition
radio stations nobody has access to
newspapers and magazines he has access
to radio he has access to pushed channel
for example and despite all that we see
in the last few months in the last year
that he has not been able to garner
significant support with Alexei Navalny
effectively neutralized that clears the
way for Russian mainstream media outlets
to focus on the job at hand which is
casting Vladimir Putin the president who
stood up to the West during the showdown
over Ukraine as the savior that Russia
and Russians could Cano cranium eaten
the fruit of corruption how because of
immigration because it's explained like
invasion of Muslims they try to explain
that Russia is the only one island in
the ocean of crisis economy and values
with defending us from this invasion
there is a specific narrative that that
they are trying to push right now there
is this documentary about Putin
restoring
Asian monastery in Berlin in the
northern part of Russia
guruship resilient a cushy season and
the message of this story is to try to
combine some sort of religious narrative
and Putin's ability to restore justice
to bring order and to show him as this
national Savior so that sort of
religious sentiment that plays here is
something that the Kremlin is trying to
exploit that added religious element
suggests that after all these years
Russian news outlets are still managing
to find new ways to showcase Vladimir
Putin as far as most of the mainstream
media are concerned this story is about
a national Savior He Who Must Not Be
questioned against a flawed outsider he
who must not be mentioned it's no
contest and that's just how the Kremlin
likes
