residential areas are often the target
buildings flattened civilians killed and
injured pro Syrian government forces
have been on the offensive into the
opposition-held province of Idlib for
weeks now
but since fighters from Hyatt parish M
chopped down a Russian aircraft and
killed its pilot it has escalated
Russian and Syrian aircraft have carried
out dozens of airstrikes in a number of
towns in the past 48 hours at least two
major hospitals have been hit one of
them is now out of service the assault
is being described as one of the
fiercest yet it includes a suspected
chlorine attack in the town of Soraka
now the Syrian army says it has deployed
air defenses and anti-aircraft missiles
to the frontlines in Aleppo and Idlib to
cover the airspace of the north
it says the deployment is a message to
everyone the s400 are Russian and they
are controlled by the Russian
intelligence not the Syrian regime so
this is Russia we need to understand
there is an indirect contacts between
the US and Russia it's dangerous because
at the same time turkey is trying to
force its presence in the area the
deployment of anti-aircraft missiles
could also be a message to Turkey its
planes are using Syrian airspace and its
offensive against the Kurdish YPG in
Afreen Turkey had Russian backing to do
so but at the same time the Syrian
government has threatened to shoot down
Turkish jets on the ground
Turkey's army is deployed deep inside
Eid Lib where it setup posts as part of
the astin of de-escalation agreement
Turkish troops are now positioned less
than five kilometers from pro Syrian
government forces the northwestern
corner of Syria is now the main
battleground Russia the United States
Turkey and Iran are the main players pro
Syrian government forces Wand
adlib turkey wants to clear a freeing
from the YPG and it's no coincidence
that Iran is now calling on Turkey to
stop its military operation in Afrin the
players are sending political messages
to each other and it's not the first
time they negotiate on the battlefield
and it's not the first time civilians
are the pawns the other main rebel
stronghold in Syria the Damascus suburb
of eastern Goethe is also coming under
heavy fire many civilians have been
killed and injured in the besieged area
the United Nations is calling for the
fighting throughout Syria to stop for a
month to allow aid deliveries and
evacuations of the sick and wounded that
call is unlikely to be heeded
at least not until the latest round of
negotiations is settled on the ground
senator al Jazeera Beirut
