the coffee industry and Laos is one of
the fastest-growing in Asia its output
is still small compared with regional
leaders like Vietnam and Indonesia but
fueled by increasing demand from
neighboring China production grew by
more than 8 percent last year growers
say Laos has a real opportunity to take
the industry to the next level through
improved infrastructure like better
processing facilities promote a final
signal but despite it being one of the
few lao export products there's no sign
the government is willing to help
netting always to develop the country on
bigger projects on hydropower on mining
big big factory but the small SMEs are
not enough supporters indeed the
government has big plans to shake off
the tag of one of Asia's poorest
countries it wants to graduate from the
United Nations least developed country
status in the next 12 years and it's
turned to China to help fund big
projects like this economic zone just
outside the capital vientiane which is
being built in anticipation of the city
expanding quickly and a six billion
dollar high-speed train line that will
run from southern China to vientiane but
the amount of money the Lao government
is borrowing for the projects is causing
concern public debt is estimated at
around 68 percent of GDP and almost half
of the money is being borrowed from one
source China too much reliance on
Chinese financial sources certainly
would be risky because this country will
be exposed to this business cycle of
China credit cycle of China
the Lao government says big investment
is vital if it's to improve the
livelihood of its people one priority is
health care which like many aspects of
Lao society has fallen into disrepair
through poor governance and neglect the
main hospital in the capital was built
by the French in 1903 and has had few
improvements since but as part of the
government's health care reforms work
will soon begin on a new hospital to be
built on the same size built with
Chinese money Wayne hey al-jazeera
Vientiane
