for San Jose's police operations like
this are becoming increasingly routine
each evening they gather a large force
and head out into the city's poorer
neighborhoods the streets here and not
what they were
authorities say violence fueled by drug
trafficking has led to a record high
murder rate why not that community
policing is part of the effort to fight
back but the rise in violence is
something they've never dealt with
before
tarika suffered a change we can't deny
that before criminals did not have the
weapons they have now the issue of drug
trafficking was not present in our
country nor in the barrios or wider
community we tried to fight back by
showing a presence here the common cabal
zetas Costa Rica's new realities already
claimed both her sons
they got involved in the drug trade and
paid with their lives Commons now caring
for the children they left behind this
place has brought me so much pain I've
lost two sons I always fought for my
family so we could get ahead I never
imagined something like this would
happen but they ended up there it's
important to know that Costa Rica's
crime rate is far lower than other
countries in the region in El Salvador
Honduras and Guatemala there were more
than 17,000 murders in 2015 but the
unprecedented figures here are of
concern to everyone their most
vulnerable
this country's young and poor this
community center in a neighborhood made
up of Nicaraguan migrants is doing what
it can to keep children off the streets
the staff here are all volunteers
working hard to solve a growing crisis
one authorities say will take more than
police work to solve seeing indeed Mr
Ewell is the solution it will not come
from the police alone this is a
countrywide matter it's about access to
education better job opportunities and
creating a better quality of life for
families the murder rate here is
expected to be even higher in 2018 as
drug cartels grow in power Costa Rica's
reputation as the most stable nation in
Central America may be at risk if things
get worse
and the Gallacher aljazeera San Jose
Costa Rica
