if investors weren't spooked by the US
stock market sell-off on Friday they're
almost certainly wishing they'd put in
for a three-day weekend the Dow Jones
Industrial Average fell 4.6 percent on
Monday and it's down 8.5% since its high
point on January 26
that means stocks are now cheaper but
the value of retirement and investment
accounts has dropped making Americans
poorer at least on paper some market
watchers fear the US could be on brink
of recession but not everyone agrees in
reality it feels that way but it's not
really to the point where we can say
it's a repeat of 1987 now I think
investors need to be calm I think they
have to look at the the whole picture
and and and and the economic picture
remains quite strong while traders
dumped everything from energy to finance
and tech stocks the US president Donald
Trump said nothing just last week Trump
was bragging about the stock market
strength but in Cincinnati he was
celebrating tax cuts and accusing
congressional Democrats of trying to
sabotage the economy
somebody said treasonous I mean yeah I
guess why not can we call that treason
why not I mean they certainly didn't
seem to love our country very much but
you look at that and it's it's really
very very sad later White House aides
released a statement downplaying the
market turmoil and praising the
president's focus on tax cuts and
deregulation still Barack Obama's former
press secretary Jay Carney taunted Trump
on Twitter quote we never boasted about
the stock market because we knew two
things one the stock market is not the
economy and two if you claim the rise
you own the fall the stock sell-off
comes at a time of change at the us is
central bank on Monday Jerome Powell was
sworn in as the Federal Reserve Chairman
replacing Janet Yellen
she had been criticized for not raising
interest rates quickly enough to curb
inflation but now economists will be
watching how Powell keeps the US economy
humming and investors from panicking a
difficult test in his first days on the
job rosalind jordan al jazeera
washington
