the attack was brazen and blatant at
least 11 people were treated after an
airstrike in Syria chlorine was probably
used this the latest in a series of what
seemed to have been chemical attacks it
led to a war of words in the Security
Council a meeting you were not supposed
to see this regular monthly session on
the issue is usually held behind closed
doors but an angry US ambassador
demanded it was made public nikki Haley
condemned Russia will not even agreeing
to a press statement on the latest
attacks if we can't even take the first
step of establishing accountability for
chemical weapons use we have to
seriously ask ourselves why we are here
Russia which has used its veto to avoid
action on this issue was strongly
criticized by ambassador Haley and by
her French and British colleagues its
ambassador Vaseline a Ben Xia hit back
which you did annoy statements by these
representatives as always contain very
little truth mixed with mountains of
lies the Gipper is something you in all
this Jerry where is the presumption of
innocence prior to any investigation you
were accusing the so-called regime
quote-unquote with that point he
appeared to ignore clear facts in 2015
the UN Security Council unanimously
decided to create the joint
investigative mechanism or gym to work
out exactly who was guilty of chemical
weapons use it concluded that in four
cases the Assad government was
responsible for using chemical weapons
soon afterwards Russia used its veto to
stop the renewal of the gym leaving the
Security Council powerless does it just
not highlight the impotence of the
Security Council I think you are very
right the fact that these the use of
chemical weapons continues time and
again in Syria is a challenge to the
very authority of the Security Council
the Security Council continues to talk
but on this issue is unable to act
the continuing sporadic chemical attacks
underlining its weakness and undermining
the international consensus against the
use of some of the world's most hideous
weapons James BAE's al Jazeera of the
United Nations
