flanked by masked police officers salah
abdeslam refused to stand up at his
trial in brussels and told the judge
that he would not answer questions the
only surviving suspect in the November
2015 Paris attacks which killed 130
people Abdeslam is in court over a
police shootout in the Belgian capital
the following year which eventually led
to his arrest Abdeslam told the judge I
do not wish to respond to any questions
I defend myself by keeping silent
Muslims are judged and treated without
pity there is no presumption of
innocence outside the courtroom his
lawyer refused to comment on his clients
decision we talked about procedural
problems in fact there are new civil
parties and what his feelings were all
about this four police officers were
wounded by gunfire in the Brussels
shootout Abdeslam and another man
sophiana re
also a trial escaped but were later
arrested in the city
abdeslam's appearance in court was the
first in public since his arrest his
long hair and beard a contrast to photos
of him released by police when he was on
the run going into this trial one of the
big questions had been whether or not
Salah Abdeslam would break his silence
since his arrest he has been in jail in
France where he faces another trial over
the Paris attacks and each time he has
been questioned by French investigators
he has refused to talk the head of a
French victims Association said up two
slums refusal to cooperate with the
justice system was a lack of respect
Coffee of me
this one absence due he confirmed his
disrespectful attitude towards the
judicial authorities disrespectful and
provocative he says he can't stand up
because he is tired we see his cynicism
but then we expected little else the
prosecutor has requested a prison
sentence of up to 20 years for attempted
murder
if Abdeslam remains silent under
questioning it could speed up
proceedings and the trial could close
before it was scheduled to end on
Friday Natasha Butler al Jazeera
Brussels Belgium
