Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs of
aldrick yam ski thanks for joining me on
upfront
Nicaragua this year has been in crisis
since April you have hundreds of people
reported killed thousands wounded armed
groups attacking civilians on the
streets thousands of Nicaraguans fleeing
to neighboring Costa Rica do you does
your government the government of Daniel
Ortega take any responsibility for any
of that the government of Nicaragua
faced a violent criminal coup the reason
we call it a coup is because it's
fundamental and main objective was to
overthrow the constitutional elected
government Nicaragua an election that
happened just recently in 2016 and that
was recognised by many international
organizations including the OAS as
expressing the will of the people that
violent uprising that violent coup was
perpetrated by a group of political
motivated fringes of political parties
NGOs who then mobilized through
manipulation terror and fear the
population of Nicaragua so a lot of
governments a lot of human rights
activists a lot of journalists have
objected to your description of it as a
coup they say you haven't brought
forward evidence you say it is a coup
isn't the easiest way to solve this to
allow UN observers who you invited into
the country earlier this year to finish
their job rather than kicking them out
as your government did in August now
when they asked for greater access to
prisons and to other areas we probably
now kick out the UN Human Rights
Commission we invited UN monitors to
accompany the government and the
dialogue especially the the Council of
Bishops in organizing what we call the
verification commission that was
supposed to go on the streets you know
and try to verify what was happening
that is what we invited them to do that
reason was not any longer needed because
you're telling the world there was a
coup you're saying that all the
protesters the ones doing the killing
the UN are saying hold on we've got
evidence otherwise and you say goodbye
rotation to the US hundred and
ninety-eight now 200 deaths that are the
result of a coup nations monitor it is
result of the coup everything else
you're it's it's somebody else's in the
United Nations you're pretty credible
group of people it's not the CIA coming
to check on the rest but I'm saying no
we're not saying that we've seen human
rights abuses we want to go into prisons
we're not led into prisons we're getting
reports of killing of civilians just
release the number of prisoners and the
conditions where the prisoners are doing
what we are saying is that we did 19 who
did not invite United Nations for that
specific activity so there's a coup
against us but we are clean you provided
no evidence and you chucked out the UN
we're claiming she looked suspicious the
bjd the evidence is very simple
the mobilization on the street was to
overthrow violently the government if
that is not a reason and that is not the
definition of a cool then what is the
definition of a cool the UN High
Commissioner for Human Rights has said
you're sliding into a dangerous spiral
of violence and impunity amnesty says
Nicaragua is turning into a pressure
cooker about to explode because of
serious human rights violations
permitted by your government the
inter-american Commission on Human
Rights says you should seriously
investigate the killings Human Rights
Watch says the safe are all these groups
in making it up and they all wanted the
inter-american Human Rights Commission
to help us understand what happened at
the beginning okay and they instead
because of their methodology using
information coming from NGO or local
organizations without any verification
began to define the these activities we
say that what happened on the streets
was perpetrated by a group of very
radical and very violent a military
activists you have the names I can show
you the photos so you've arrived you
will have a resident and we are in the
process of arresting them and that does
it we don't have political prisoners
there isn't one and same with all the
death there is they disagree with you is
one single political
hundred people here cell we have since
April we have captured and that is what
the human rights organs in the
international inter-american Human
Rights Commission asked us to do they
asked they told we do not look at these
we cannot look at non state violence you
are the Vice foreign minister of the
country you are traveling the world
speaking on behalf of your government
I'm asking very simple question when the
UN High Commissioner for Human Rights
and Amnesty International and Human
Rights Watch and the inter-american
Commission on Human Rights are all
saying that you are killing civilians
that you are holding political prisoners
why are they saying that are they
because they are feeding from a number
of organizations do you understand the
concept of homogeny homogenization of
the discourse this is what we're saying
the information that is coming out of
Nicaragua is manipulated and it is based
on false premises the problem that when
I look at it as an outsider the human
rights groups are admitting what you're
saying they're saying policemen have
been killed by police men ok but my
point is they're criticizing protests
more than 60% gets killed our government
let me let me just ask is the human
rights groups are criticizing both sides
you're saying you've killed no one who's
saying that the police has responded to
armed attacks that's what we're saying
ok so amazed when pro-government
militias killed 16 protesters in what
was basically a massacre Nicaragua's
mother's day we don't have minister who
is a peaceful in the mosque geez people
animals are police and police voluntary
police we halogen voluble is the law of
1992 of 1990 police law of 1992 the poly
flower of 1996 and the police layer of
2002 or 2006 recognizes that the police
uses voluntary police which is a group
is a set of citizens who support the
police let me ask you about the the
examples that are given by some of the
reports a woman told the United Nations
that a group of hooded men detained my
husband at her house beat him took him
away naked
is she lying the pregnant woman who told
Associated Press that she was hit in the
face slapped by a group of police and
volunteer police they crushed my fingers
hit me in the ribs and stomach when I
was on the ground they kicked me is she
lying to her all these protesters lying
the Nicaraguan police has been
recognized publicly and in the world as
a human right police that respects human
rights false that is not read to you
police has been recognized the basic
concept is you find smarter Minister
just closing statement human rights just
do under any guys the Nicaraguan police
this year as respect to human rights
that is a flat the current policeman
does not violate human right that's fine
that's your favorite human rights
respect what I'm saying is there are
there are there's human rights
organizations are feeding half of that's
why I say government so I'll ask you a
question the women in the main said let
me ask my question you know the women
you say a pregnant woman fellow in the
Korean citizen who you represent your
your the government elected government
when she says the volunteer police beat
me kicked me in the stomach that doesn't
worry it as a body it already how do you
know every investigation worries me and
we are carrying out every single
investigation that's miss necessary to
understand what happened that is the
origin of the invitation of the
inter-american Human Rights Commission
we brought you to them your volunteer
police or militias as well we are
carrying out the investigation we are
right now in the process of carrying to
the courts every single one of those who
are in the roadblocks you must remember
that the people you are prosecuting
you're saying you're prosecuting people
are both sides of the damage what we are
saying we are beginning to prosecute
people who have committed crimes and
that is a process that is ongoing
the police was half of the streets of
Nicaragua for 51 days by request of the
bishops and the most heinous crimes were
committed in those 51 days but
in the end of April and the middle of
June since July 5th
police were of the series but the
volunteer police were no Daniel Ortega
who is now 70 has spent more time in
power 21 years over two stints than the
late brutal dictator he helped overthrow
in 1979 Somoza president Ortega hasn't
just abolished term limits
he's also seems to have brought back
family rule to Nicaragua the
vice-president is his wife and his
children have been appointed to key
advisory positions in government is it
any wonder then that his critics are
saying he's the new Somoza the new
dynastic leader that is that is bringing
back the whole idea polarization number
one and number two I don't see anyone at
the Children's on the government payroll
that is I don't see that we're not gonna
get the discussion because you know
let's go back to other examples but come
here the vice president of the country
for many reasons constitutional reasons
she has a right to run for political
reason she has been a cadre in the
Sandinista movement historically and we
have a law in what we call it 50/50 law
that you have to have a candidate for
president the vice-president has to be
if it's one is a man the other one has
to be okay but what you're telling me is
that because the gender balance is the
reason she's the vice president find any
other women in the Kreger good but what
I'm saying is you have a cadre that has
been historically a part of this and mr.
movement yes there may be other people
of course there are let's talk about the
some men do let's talk about the
sandanista movement the president's own
brother Umberto Ortega was in charge of
the armed forces for many years he says
quote this is not a dictatorship but
it's very authoritarian
family dominated style of governing is
he part of a coup a conspiracy against
his brother that I'm saying is he has
his own position his own he has his own
position and he has a right to have his
own position Oscar I'm not saying I see
part of the conspiracy I'm saying I
don't see his partner in comparison
wait Aryan got his opinion of the
government of his own brother so when I
look at so many high-profile figures who
were supporters of yours in the 1980s
supported the Sandinistas struggle who
are now shocked at what your government
are doing the philosopher Noam Chomsky
says there's been a lot of corruption a
lot of repression your government is
autocratic the celebrity activist Bianca
Jagger says Daniel Ortega may be worse
than Somoza he's a war criminal
Jack underbelly the Nicaraguan poet
former sandanista activist joined your
movement in 1970 she says Ortega and his
wife have turned Nicaragua into a land
of terror why are all these people who
spent their lives
supporting your shifted shifted when we
see who is the best planner of how this
whole media manipulation system happens
can have his opinion but you're talking
to me about homogeneous opinions okay
let me ask you this you have a situation
now where as you say you what you call a
coup others are calling you no protests
legitimate protests what is the solution
to this crisis Ted what are you gonna do
about these people who are taking the
streets just carry on shooting at them
no we're not carrying on shooting of
them since July 15 when we recaptured
the streets when we move the way then we
remove the barricades there hasn't been
one single person died one last question
as you deep in Roxy will you be
supporting President Ortega if he runs
again in 2021 that's a decision of the
Congress of the party but you're in
favor money personally if President
Ortega runs I would be support the
president for life I am NOT saying
president for life I am saying the
Sandinista is an evolving movement a
very strong nationalist movement who is
there to strengthen democracy and to
strengthen the development of the
country that is what was being destroyed
in this propagated coup
Vice foreign minister thanks for joining
me on upfront thank you very much
you
