opposition politicians film outside
Molly's Criminal Court waiting to hear
the fate of their colleagues ill hem up
med and Abdullah sanam they were
arrested and charged with bribery upon
arriving in the country on Sunday a
judge dropped the charges and released
them they are two of nearly twenty
politicians affected by a Supreme Court
ruling that has created a political
crisis in the island nation Maldivian
celebrated on Thursday when their top
court called for the retrial of nine
opposition politicians including exiled
former President Mohamed Nasheed and the
judges reinstated 12 MPs who had lost
their seats for siding with the
opposition but one day of celebration
soon turned into four nights of protests
when president Abdulla yameen refused to
comply with the ruling Parliament was
scheduled to reconvene after a recess on
Monday but the president said it would
be closed indefinitely and imposed a
state of emergency for 15 days the
Maldivian Parliament is now under
military control the initial session was
scheduled to be held this morning but it
was cancelled at the last minute with
the speaker citing security reasons
unspecified security reasons for the
cancellation opposition politicians want
to get inside Parliament to file
impeachment motions against four top
officials in the president's
administration for not freeing their
colleagues so any effort to impeach the
president would be blocked by the
military and the police force
so the Parliament cannot function and
the Supreme Court cannot function at the
moment police targeted the
administrative head of the Supreme Court
on Sunday raiding his house the court
issued a statement ruling police didn't
have enough evidence to arrest a
judicial executive president yameen has
asked the court to reconsider the arrest
warrant ruling he said he's told the
court his prosecuting attorney needs
more legal direct
before he can release any political
prisoners the president says his people
need to be patient
critics have less faith I don't think
the government would release them
because the president has indirectly
stated that he will not release any of
them the opposition thinks they can turn
their domestic support into
international pressure they want foreign
intervention but the president and the
Supreme Court are unified against it
Charlotte Bella's al Jazeera
