aisa sharif says some of his family
members were killed in the war in
neighboring Syria
he has also lost contact with others who
have been displaced Lebanon has been his
home for six years he is from the
opposition-held province of Idlib and
for him going back is not an option
we want the safe zone to return to
otherwise why do they want us to go back
to do they want us to die if we go back
we'll be bombarded there's nowhere safe
there's only death it live is a
de-escalation zone there is supposed to
be a ceasefire here instead civilians
are being killed in almost daily
airstrikes by Syrian and Russian planes
humanitarian agencies say the violence
in some parts of Syria means it's still
not safe for refugees to return they are
warning governments in Europe the United
States and the region not to force them
back
we the ADEs humanitarian organizations
that are on the ground in Syria and in
the neighboring countries we call this
report dangerous grounds for the simple
reason that these women children and men
have to be informed of conditions and we
have to assure that it is voluntary when
they go back and then we have to assist
and protect the return the UN doesn't
have exact numbers but the figures
available show some 70,000 refugees
returned on their own from neighbouring
countries last year but aid agencies say
for every returnee there were three more
newly displaced because of the violence
since mid-december
more than 200,000 people had to leave
their homes because of fighting in the
southern edges of adlib province pro
Syrian government forces control the
main cities they've recaptured a lot of
territory from the opposition ISIL has
been pushed out of many areas and there
are local ceasefire agreements in place
but the picture is misleading there are
many areas where fighting continues it's
not just safety there is widespread
destruction there are a few civilian
facilities left of hospitals have been
hit mass returns can't be sustainable if
these people can't find jobs and if
there is no health care or schools
there are no proper living conditions
imagine if I need to take my children to
a doctor there are no health centres
there is no life there I'm afraid of the
day when they kick us out of here
Lebanon's government says there will be
no forced returns and any returns will
be coordinated with the United Nations
but refugees here are still worried so
our aid agencies that is why they are
warning no one should be forced back to
Syria without the plan that takes into
account their safety and well-being
sanika dar al jazeera bakov Valley
Lebanon
