born to a Somali mother in Saudi Arabia
Abdul Abdi was 6 when he came to Canada
as a refugee he was taken into care by
child welfare authorities and shuffled
among 31 foster homes as a ward of the
state as relatives couldn't get him
citizenship a troubled teenager he
committed crimes and went to jail when
he was released this year border
officials tried to deport him to Somalia
where he has no connections I don't
remember anything
I don't remember my culture I don't
remember my language and that terrifies
me even more to be deported to somewhere
that you don't know anything you forgot
everything
Abdi considers himself Canadian but
Canada's government says he's Somali why
are you deported my brother how come you
not stopped in it his sister Fatuma led
a campaign to stop his deportation even
raising it in an open meeting prime
minister justin trudeau for now the move
is postponed while his lawyers ask a
court to let him stay mister obviously
own self but I think one of the things
that stood out to me is that he also did
not want to see other former children in
care go through the experience that he's
going through Somalia has been unstable
for decades
Canada routinely accepts asylum claims
from there but it also Deportes people
like Abdi refugees who've committed
crimes to a place that Canadian
officials won't visit a United Nations
panel ruled in 2011 Canada was violating
international law the practice continues
it's a violation of the right to life
it's a violation of family life is a
violation of the right to remain and and
ensure one's country
there's not a deportation this is an
exile Abdi has been released from
custody while fighting his deportation
that could still happen at any time but
he's taking advantage of his release to
tell the country he considers home why
he should stay I am the man I am here
for you today
I got a job I got a child I got family
here you know I am a man I took
responsibility for everything I did all
I'm trying to do is get the government
to take responsibility for what they did
since 2015
Canada has welcomed more than 40,000
Syrian refugees and is widely seen as
open to immigrants of all kinds but many
say this case and others like it tarnish
a global image that is a source of pride
to many Canadians Daniel lack al Jazeera
Toronto
