leaving Seoul's High Court a free man
few would have predicted Samsung
Electronics vice chairman J Wiley would
be released when he arrived just a few
hours earlier on Monday again I feel
sorry for not showing everyone my best
side and it has been a really precious
time for you reflecting on myself I will
thoroughly check and do my best the 49
year old had been in prison for more
than a year on charges arising from
what's been described as Asia's biggest
corruption scandal that exposed the
close ties between Korea's family-run
conglomerates at its political leaders
it was a scandal that eventually led to
the removal of president Park geun-hye a
lower court convicted Lee in August for
bribing the former president for her
help in strengthening his control over
samsung electronics one of the world's
biggest technology companies he was also
convicted on embezzlement and other
charges now an appeals court has reduced
the original five year jail sentence by
half and suspended it Lee's release is
already being felt by markets Samsung
share price spiked on Monday a sign that
investors are looking forward to seeing
him back in charge but there are
political consequences to his release
South Korea's current president moon
jae-in won office by campaigning to
clean up Korea's powerful corporate
sector and many will see the court
ruling as effectively a get out of jail
card for Lee that goes against
everything the president stood for in
Thea style al-jazeera
