it's a common sentiment among asylum
seekers here in Israel who are being
issued with deportation notices no I'm
ready to stay in a prison Mele behan
Gabriel is another man who fears for his
future
he's 27 and from Eritrea after a
four-year journey which involved prison
time in Egypt in Israel he's now been
handed a deportation noticed he says the
Israelis have dismissed his asylum claim
out of hand he's being held at the halat
Detention Center where Al Jazeera
interviewed him
they don't even interviewed me I don't
know why they'd given me rejection I
just applied them that I came to here in
search of protection you know I'm not
coming here in search of what you know
the government called us
the government called us in flitters
immigration experts say his case is
typical but these new notices target
people outside of the halat Detention
Center Michelle man Spicer works for an
organization that helps asylum seekers
and refugees in Israel we obviously have
a problem with having to send out the
refugees and asylum seekers to Rwanda or
Uganda or even leaving Israel I mean
these countries aren't safe for them
what's happened they're going there and
they're not being allowed to stay so
they go there and research shows the
research that came out recently that
they leave they get there and then they
have to start all over again and going
through countries that are very
dangerous to try and get into situation
where they can stay because it's not
safe to stay in Rwanda and Uganda Israel
has a hardline policy the first round of
deportation notices has been issued to
refugees and asylum seekers from Eritrea
and Sudan that's about 200,000 people
and they have 60 days to leave the
country according to government figures
there are some 39,000 error trains and
Sudanese in Israel including 5,000
children single men are held here at the
hill otter Detention Center and they
were among the first to receive the
deportation notices others sleep rough
in parks like this one in Tel Aviv
deportation notices will not be issued
to women children fathers of children or
anyone recognized as a victim of slavery
or human traffic
but international groups say Israel's
deportation policy could be violating
international law
Imran Khan how does zero telly
