this is becoming the new route to Europe
for would-be migrants more than a dozen
bodies were pulled out of these waters
near Malaya a Spanish Enclave bordering
Morocco most of them were from North
Africa trying to get to Europe via the
so-called western Mediterranean route as
opposed to arriving in Greece or Italy
2018 may have only just begun but it's
already proving to be a deadly year for
those trying to seek a better life in
Europe on Wednesday more than a hundred
migrants were rescued from rubber boats
off the coast of Tripoli and on Friday
it's believed 90 people were on a boat
that sank off the coast of Libya the
sole survivor told authorities that many
were from Pakistan he along with 32
other Pakistanis were brought to the
boat that was waiting in the deep sea
off the coast of Jawara these people
were being illegally transported to
Europe in the boat which was in a bad
shape this was being done by the human
smugglers the International Organization
for Migration has issued another warning
about the dangers of trying to reach
Europe we think there's about 260 have
died so far this year alone so here
you're adding another ninety to that so
it's a really significant episode at a
time when people continue to try to get
to Europe they're lured there by social
media they get onto a phone they promise
to El Dorado they think life is going to
be great and before they know it they're
getting into the hands of awful criminal
extorting people the migrants that do
survive usually end up in detention
centers many of which are already filled
to capacity protests were held last week
by hundreds of North African migrants at
this facility in Libya many of them
saying they've been held for months in
living conditions which are quickly
deteriorating Katherine Stansell al
Jazeera
