the lone gunman took two hours to target
his victims in an attack that police
said was racially motivated firing from
the front seat of his car he shot six
people as he drove through the streets
all of them were black and thought to be
asylum seekers Nigerian immigrant
ezekiah diem said he was shot without
warning I hear gunshot boy I thought
that maybe it's a rocket you know so now
I could who hit me I couldn't feel
anything
what the other one gunshot immediately I
hear the sound what I hear it
my right leg you know so these are four
done the head surgeon in March at a
hospital said they'd all been very lucky
a 28 year old Italian named as Luca
trainee was arrested by military police
draped in an Italian flag he reportedly
wore during the shootings he was
escorted to prison early on Sunday
morning shirani had no previous criminal
record
overnight Italian police sealed off his
apartment and later released video of
the inside of his home
it showed a copy of a loaf Hitler's Mein
Kampf and other right-wing flags and
symbols
Johnny stood as a far-right candidate
for the Northern League and recent local
elections but was said to have received
no votes in the count the Italian Prime
Minister was quick to condemn the
shootings criminal behaviour cannot have
ideological motivation criminals are
criminals the state will be particularly
severe against whoever things of
nourishing the spiral violence let's
stop this let's stop this right now
with the arrival of more than six
hundred thousand migrants over the past
four years the events of the last few
days come amid a heated election
campaign in Italy where anti-foreigner
sentiment has become a key theme Peter
sharp al Jazeera
