portions to resume went to the scenic
chaos
hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
stories were covering this week brexit
brings out the worst in the British
papers Brussels does not approve but the
satirist s-- strike it rich maja fear
the sequel journalists in Malaysia
wonder what's in it for that and the
country's media space and more than two
years after their publication the Panama
papers are still making news Britain is
more than two years into the painful
process of negotiating its way out of
the European Union and the media angle
to this story is no mere sideshow when
the II used justice Commissioner Vera
you rova said this past week that the
news media can sow divisions spread
disinformation and encourage exclusion
she said that the brexit debate is the
best example of that many of Britain's
papers especially the tabloids like the
Sun and the Daily Mail are playing an
outsized role stoking the political
flames pushing their pro leave agendas
in fact the day after the EU rejected
Prime Minister Teresa Mae's brexit
proposal the sun's front page served up
yet another example of that another
reminder of the role it played in the
2016 referendum that landed Britain
where it is today it's not just the
politicians who have a lot to answer for
on this story our starting point this
week is London
four voices on brexit and the UK media
on the leave side a former political
editor at both the Sunday Times and the
Daily Mail papers that want the UK out
of the e as an island we've never been
fully part of the European project on
the remain side a journalist campaigning
for a more reasoned debate on issues
pertaining to the EU British miss them
as failed and to academics one studies
journalism for the Reuters Institute
much of the newspaper industry
historically has been very skeptical of
Europe the other teaches journalism and
advocates for the reform of the British
media the right-wing press have a lot of
responsibility to bear one of the
curious things about this story is just
how unsurprising it was the political
development and the coverage Prime
Minister Teresa may's blueprint for
Britain's exodus from the EU the terms
under which the UK would depart did not
even have the support of her own party
at what point it was decided that breaks
it means remain let alone the opposition
had EU officials somehow agreed to May's
proposal that would have been real news
but they didn't about the only people
surprised by that or who feigned a
surprise with a little outrage thrown in
was Britain's Pro brexit tabloid press
what a great headline that was yes this
language is emotive but this is a
tabloid paper it is a red-blooded
tabloid designed for red-blooded readers
who have strong views on where we are
going with the brexit negotiation I
think some readers look for that full
throttle coverage the Sun is not a
newspaper that is on the one hand on the
other the Sun is a newspaper that takes
its position and goes for it - see there
- such an important
fragile delicate moment can be used by
the media to whip up really what is
essentially hate that was extremely
extremely dangerous
today in the current situation in which
we have a country profoundly divided to
use a kind of rhetoric it's completely
responsible the sort of language that
talks about two-bit monsters of the
European Union reflects a discourse
that's been going on around coverage of
the EU for the last two decades it's
always been about the contest between
the UK and the EU rather than a more
collaborative relationship so that's
been based on a lot of conflictual
understandings and sometimes downright
lies but it fits a discourse around this
idea of the EU being a very bullying and
nannying construct that is taking away
powers from the UK but who is really
bullying whom the European Union takes
issue with the kind of coverage it gets
in many of its member states Brussels
has become kind of a journalistic
shorthand for a political body many
European media outlets depict as remote
out-of-touch and overly bureaucratic
which is why this past week when the
--use justice commissioner spoke of news
outlets that are divisive exclusionary
and dealing in misinformation she made
it clear she wasn't just talking about
the media in the UK almost daily we
could find examples of stories what she
did say was that the British press has
produced some of the most divisive EU
coverage sadly I don't think that would
have any kind of effect in Britain
because it seems that anything that
comes from your
the moment is mostly distorted and
turned on its head this is a consequence
of the transformation of the media
because there is no incentive especially
in a landscape which is extremely
competitive in being the ones who foster
dialogue and harmonious dialogue and
harmony doesn't pile up click clicks on
the net well I don't think anyone in the
British media is going to take lessons
from anyone in Brussels over the
rhetoric and the kind of demeanor of the
debate it's hardly as if the EU and its
officials are entirely guilt free in
this dialogue clearly we don't want it
to become more hateful or hate-filled
but it's not a problem for it to be
colorful for it to be passionate because
you know what people are really fired up
about this which begs the following
questions if the British really are that
fired up about the EU and brexit how did
they get that way and are the newspapers
the tabloids in particular reporting on
the public mood or are they producing it
the referendum results in 2016 was close
52% in favor of leaving 248 at the time
Pro leave papers were far more numerous
and more widely read 73% of the
newspaper sold in the UK favored brexit
only 27% of the papers sold opposed the
country was evenly split the newspapers
were not reflecting the views of their
owners who are mostly conservative as
opposed to their readers media analysts
describe those papers as euro skeptical
what they really are is euro hostile a
term that also applies to Boris Johnson
a politician who has seen the EU story
from both sides the Conservative MP and
former cabinet minister campaigned hard
for brexit making dubious claims to
journalists about simple solutions that
have since proven untrue why we sending
a year net to Brussels summer which is
spent on Spanish bullfighting Johnson
used to be a journalist although not a
very good one in the late 1980s he was
fired by the Times of London for making
up quotes then hired by the Daily
Telegraph and assigned to Brussels to
cover the EU it was there that Johnson
honed his anti-eu messaging developing a
style of coverage that was later
emulated by other British journalists
Boris Johnson did not invent the current
form of coverage of the European Union
that we see in the British medium but he
is a good symbol often in the way that
as a journalist he had a keen eye for
the sort of quite engaging often funny
and occasionally misleading while write
false a story about seemingly quirky
forms of European legislation or
regulation around food you know curved
bananas and the like but it's only
partly about the media it's also very
much about politics and of course Boris
Johnson made the journey from being a
journalist to being a commentator and to
being now a very prominent conservative
politician and he was very well known
for not showing up at the press
conferences and then going to the office
and making it up whatever they thought
was funny oral arias to ridicule day.you
someone who has been responsible for
that kind of disinformation lies and
irresponsible journalism then handed up
but you benefited from it politically
the pro brexit press in the UK does not
limit its antagonism to the EU two years
ago when a British Court ruled that
Parliament had the constitutional right
to have the last say on brexit the Daily
Mail declared the judges involved
enemies of the people and reported that
one of them was openly gay the Daily
Mail is one of the country's biggest
selling newspapers it's a good deal more
popular than it is trustworthy which is
not as contradictory as it may appear
popularity and Trust it's not the same
thing and this is really clear when you
look at the trust scores of individual
tabloid rants and lots of people really
like the Daily Mail I really like the
Sun for lots of reasons they find it
funny they find it something that sort
of you know gets their blood pressure
out but it's not necessarily something
they consider particularly trustworthy
source of information trust in all news
organisations it's dropping its dropping
most for the tabloid press that's true
people no longer know who to trust and
it's largely to do with media release
and political elites and the
entanglement of power between media
elites and political elites makes them
even more distrusted because people know
that they work together and that that's
where power resides
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar today with one of
our producers Johanna who's Joe we've
been keeping an eye on the media story
in Hungary for a few years now and this
past week yet another news outlet was
taken over it has new owners what are
the details
well Richard the website in question is
indexed hu Hungary's largest independent
news outlets one of the new owners is
joseph old yun a media investor and a
member of a political party currently in
coalition with Prime Minister Viktor
orb√°n's party Fidesz now whilst the new
owners have insisted that the
publications independence is guaranteed
staff there are warning of a doomsday
scenario in which the website could be
made to parrot the fee - party's
ideological agenda 88 employees have
signed a statement saying that if there
are any changes we will notify the world
as loud as we possibly can but we've
seen this kind of thing before Pro
audubon business tycoons taking over
news outlets critical of the Orban
government promising not to tamper with
the editorial policies and then reneging
there's a pattern here isn't there yes
there is over the past four years dozens
of newspapers radio and television
channels critical of Orban have changed
hands some have subsequently shut down
others have drastically changed the
editorial line just last month we
reported on the takeover of here TV one
of its new owners Joel Negus insisted he
would not get involved in the channels
work but that same night he cancelled
one of her TVs political talk shows and
in its place broadcast the speech by
Orban on a loop so there's good reasons
for concerns that index dot H you will
go the same way moving on now to the
Panama papers investigations first
published in 2016 that made news in so
many countries in the midea was just one
of them but now a lawsuit has resulted
what can you tell us about Henner
Diekman the lawyer who's filed the suit
and the paper he's suing the Namibian
well the Namibian is the country's
largest newspaper and it published two
stories in 2016 and in 2017 linking
diekmen to companies used by alleged
mafia kingpin Vito Palazzolo Namibia was
an important port of call for the
Sicilian Mafia strug trade in the 1990s
and early 2000s and Palazzo lo
reportedly had multiple bank accounts
there
according to the namibians reports
Diekman was the lawyer of choice for
anyone wanting to invest in companies
related to pilots alow Digman denies the
allegations and demands that the
newspaper retracts the articles
apologizes or pays him $20,000 in
damages and how's the paper responding
well Tom Gainey amou patty the namibians
editor who's also named as a defendant
in the case caught the lawsuit and
attempt to intimidate and stop us and
the rest of the news media from writing
about people who clearly have a lot of
resources to keep their activity secrets
we have followed the best journalistic
practices and standards when publishing
these articles and we stand by our
reporting he also said that the lawsuit
would be a killer for his paper as
potential defeat would mean legal cost
five times greater than the damages
sought ok thanks Joe
a muzzled media corruption in government
and a silenced opposition many
Malaysians are hoping those things are
now behind them with the ousting of
Najib Razak from the prime minister's
office four months ago
however the country's new leader
Mahathir Mohamad is no stranger to media
censorship or corruption maha vir has
already spent 22 years as prime minister
and was known for locking up political
opponents shutting down newspapers and
remoulding media legislation but that
was the old math ear allegedly this new
one has pulled a u-turn in his approach
to the media news sites shut down by
Najib are now back online and maha
--there has repealed one of the more
contentious laws passed by his
predecessor the anti fake news act but
many onlookers still wonder
understandably if this new maha theer
won't turn out the same as the old one
given that much of the system he's
talking about dismantling was built by
him the listening posts Flo Phillips now
on what Mahathir Mohamad change of tune
might mean for the Malaysian media
Mahathir Mohamad the seventh Prime
Minister of Malaysia was also its fourth
in his first stint from 1981 to 2003 he
gained a reputation as an autocrat this
time rather as he vowed in his campaign
video things will be different
Mahathir had shown that he's not the old
manager and I think he's constantly
reminded of the fact that he had this 22
years of terror he is a man of the
moment he's very popular he is now
someone who can do no wrong
it is pretty unpredictable the wall is
important is that we would judge him by
by his action
not many people start a new job or
change their politics at age 93 Matty
did birth he left his own party to lead
the opposition partnering with a man
that he'd put in prison Anwar Ibrahim an
idea made freedom of expression a big
part of his election campaign this is
the same man that the Committee to
Protect Journalists branded an enemy of
the press back in 1999 the most
notorious thing that he did was
Operation lalong which happened in 1987
so these hundred over people were taken
in and detained without trial on top of
that at least three newspapers were
suspended it instilled in society the
culture of fear over two decades in
power McAteer introduced and tightened
legislation to keep news outlets in
check there was the printing presses and
publication act which kept news outlets
on their best behavior by requiring them
to reapply for their license every year
the Official Secrets Act was broadened
in scope and used to prosecute
dissidents and journalists Mejia also
introduced the Communications and
Multimedia Act which was later used to
target the media and activists for
content published online journalist
Steven Gannon set up an independent news
outlet in 1999 he remembers the legal
hoops and requirements he had to go
through when we thought of setting up a
an alternative you know media in
Malaysia it was difficult for us to
actually a do print there's no way that
we could
license so the internet was our last
resort and we were called traitors by my
idea how office were raided by the
police almost two dozen of our computers
were taken away and they were not
returned to us two years later it was
really an attempt to shut us down I
believe that the Prime Minister has
changed he has reformed he has
transformed we have promised that we are
going to do away with some of the laws
that considered inhibiting press freedom
and the freedom of expression generally
so we are now not looking back we are
looking forward the rehabilitation of
Maha tears image is the accidental
legacy of the previous Prime Minister
Najib Razak a former protege of
Moroccans in 2015 Najib was found to
have been at the center of a global
corruption scandal involving the State
Development Fund one malaysia
development bir had known as 1mdb
under Najib's watch the fund lost 4.5
billion dollars through shell companies
and opaque transactions that spread
across 10 countries 681 million of that
according to US prosecutors was found in
Najib's personal bank account
once the 1mdb scandal hit the headlines
Najib made use of the repressive laws
that he'd inherited and he came up with
one of his own the anti fake news act
that whole fake news is connected to the
whole 1mdb scandal or any other
corruption cases that involves the
government so basically what they are
trying to say is that don't believe
anything that you see on the internet
unless we say so or unless we sanction
so this whole fake news thing was
basically the last act that Najib had
put out there just before the elections
to try to scare people the government
tried to you know to use the NTV News
law against mahaki during the election
campaign heartier was claiming that
there was an attempt to stop him from
actually putting his
nomination papers in type and the fact
that has repealed this defendants law it
shows that you know that he's taking a
step in the right direction
maha Tia did away with the anti fake
news act last month but there are other
laws the Sedition Act introduced under
British colonial rule back in 1958 still
remains in effect the definition of
sedition under that law is extremely
broad and in 2015 alone
Najib used the law in 91 times almost
five times as often as during the first
50 years of the laws existence one of
the people accused under that law was a
cartoonist zouna suna has always had
trouble publishing his work during Maha
Tia's previous time in office none of
the major newspapers would dare hire him
but over the last 10 years do not found
that he didn't need publishers
he's self-published on social media and
highlighted the corruption of Najib and
Najib's wife Roz ma whose many luxury
handbags and diamonds were a gift to
satirical cartoonists that didn't go
down well zouna was charged with
sedition nine times and banned from
leaving the country when the new
government came into power I found out
that my travel ban have been lifted they
also dropped all the sedition charges
against me thank you very much for them
but I think this is still not enough so
the interpretation is very very big and
anybody can be victim of it you draw a
cartoon solution somebody write
something solution if you do some speech
seditious what the government needs to
do is to abolish the solution
in the months after the election
Malaysia and McAteer experienced a sort
of honeymoon period they came together
to oppose Nagi
whose trial date has been set with full
media access despite Najib's request for
a gag order however Matt his campaign
promised to review all repressive media
regulation remains unfulfilled and in
August McAteer announced that the
Official Secrets Act is here to stay
there are the things that he needs to do
in order to redeem himself he needs to
bring back to the independence of the
judiciary so that we have a real
democracy the judiciary has been
emasculated and it was done by him in
those days it would be a real test of
his sincerity to give it back its
independence
I think he's redeeming himself he has
allowed people to debate on so many
issues and you can see columns and
articles written questioning him
insulting him or criticizing him and we
haven't seen anyone you know complaining
that he's been told to snippet or zip up
so far not yet
yeah this is Madea I portray him like a
crocodile he destroy every institution
is Malaysia so blessing people they have
to play a very active role now to
strengthen the institution you shall
understand before mother is a dictator
and we don't change the data and the
data doesn't change and finally back to
Britain and the campaign calling for a
second brexit referendum a number of
artists there are backing the movement
on social media musicians Becca and
Michael ham we have formed a group they
called The Herald patch they've released
a song entitled oh what a lovely brexit
it's a parody of that old stage musical
based on World War one oh what a lovely
war and like the original the song
relies on that staple of British humour
irony to tell Britons that it's not too
late to jump back up the cliff we'll
leave you now with a little sampling of
the tune and we'll see you next time
here at The Listening Post we're digging
for bigotry chaps we've planted a
quintillion go to a new mix are in hence
videogames and a pig
we're taking control of our borders are
primary sovereign intent now we preside
over the front Cliffs of Dover we're
turning them into the Garden of England
is ours to cementing our yeoman of Kent
we're starting a shiny new era of
calling together as one from neutral and
failure that this ela Clarion for four
would kill keep calm and carry on we
would think of mothers from a frog or
the ham
