this was a drive-by shooting that
Italian police said was racially
motivated firing from this vehicle the
lone gunman is said to have targeted
foreigners on the streets in a shooting
spree that lasted over two hours it took
place in the central Italian city of
mature otta the mayor said six people
were wounded all of them black one with
life-threatening injuries a 28 year old
Italian named as Luca trainee
was arrested by military police draped
in an Italian flag he reportedly wore
during the shootings
terney had no previous criminal record
and his motive for the shootings is
unclear he did stand as a far-right
candidate for the Northern League in
recent local elections but received no
votes in the count the Italian Prime
Minister was quick to condemn the
shootings
manali non posso avere al kunam of us
criminal behavior cannot have
ideological motivation criminals are
criminals no status are a particular
mentis aware of it your state will be
particularly severe against whether
things of nourishing the spiral of
violence let's stop this
let's stop this right now tensions in
Macerata had risen this week following
the discovery of Pamela mastropiero s
body she had run away from a drug
rehabilitation center on Monday and
police said she had met a Nigerian drug
dealer the next day he was arrested by
police
more than 600,000 mainly African
migrants have reached Italy by boat over
the past four years and the center-right
bloc says the vast majority have no
right to asylum and as promised mass
expulsion 'he's if it takes power Peter
sharp al Jazeera
