there's a new way of teaching in this
public school classroom class to
children on the outskirts of the Capitol
are part of a pilot program for the new
curriculum to be rolled out next year it
focuses more on life skills technology
natural talent and less on final exams
many parents and teachers say it's a
welcome change from the old one called
8:44 but also ambitious and expensive
for its not to fail the government you
need to consult even the donors because
as you have seen there needs a lot of
finances and just the same way that it
for forced attends it prefers a very
good system because we had workshops
students used to be trained on home
science on things that they can do with
your own hands but then it failed that
because of lack of funds primary and
secondary education in public schools is
free but they are crowded and there's
not enough teachers or books so many
parents who cannot find space in
government schools or afford expensive
private ones bring their children to
even more crowded cheap community
schools like this one in one of Nairobi
slums our salary scale or our wages we
are still you know because this are
complementary school whatever we get
their school fees is not enough to cut
offer their teachers and they would say
we begin by telling them that we only
issue a token here that token is just
about a hundred and fifty dollars a
month at the highest the teachers here
are more fortunate than in the other
schools which pay much less for more
work
are facing the same problems investing
teacher shortages little or no funding
some end up producing students who
cannot properly read write or even so
basically this director of a child
education rights group Oso choses
findings of research done last year
middle school pupils in dozens of
government schools nationwide were
tested on literacy and comprehension
most were below average you're teaching
a class where you have maybe 50 children
20 of them can actually learn at the
Paseo TT the remaining 30 cannot so you
keep teaching the 20 every day you're
moving on with the 20 the other 30 just
escorting others they left way behind
they are not catching up and that is a
problem but at work una primary students
prepare for their final exam at the end
of this year their teachers tell us they
are all trying their best with a little
they have Katherine sorry al Jazeera
Nairobi Kenya
