six years ago this factory was producing
sixteen thousand tons of biodiesel fuel
a month now it's down to about six
thousand the industry won't grow there's
no investment it worries us that the
United States will stop importing our
biodiesel the industry was created to
export not only to fulfill internal
needs some say factories located in
Rosario in the province of Santa Fe are
Argentina's first victims of Donald
Trump's America first approach to
foreign trade the US announced a 72
percent tariff on imports of its
biodiesel American officials accuse
Argentina of unfairly subsidizing the
country's biodiesel industry at the
expense of US producers Korea
the decision is arbitrary unjustified
and illegal they discarded all the
arguments presented by Argentina
Argentina has an export tax on the soya
bean and a different one for biodiesel
it is not a subsidy this is one of mr.
Trump's protectionist policies almost 90
percent of Argentina's biodiesel is
directed to the United States cutting
that flow has impacted almost 30
companies here and put jobs at risk
Argentina is one of the world's top
soybean producers and biodiesel here is
also produced with this crop it is a
crucial source of income for Argentina
because it provides the US dollars that
the economy desperately needs dollars
that help keep the trade balance in
check since taking office President
Mauricio Macri has been trying to open
up Argentina's economy Argentina is
trying to open its economy and biodiesel
is one of the products that it exports
the most by losing its main buyer means
we will have to look elsewhere
Argentina cannot afford to lose markets
if it wants to get its economy back on
track
environmentalists have long questioned
the cost of Argentina's reliance on the
soya bean
entire areas of the country's forests
have been destroyed to grow what is
known here as green gold
experts say biodiesel is different Aloka
the United States and Europe request a
sustainability test so that the soya
being used for biodiesel can be checked
Argentina has been certified and
credited for this Argentina says it will
file a complaint against the United
States at the World Trade Organization
in the meantime factories here will have
to find new overseas markets if they are
to save the industry and precious jobs
terasawa
al Jazeera Rosario Argentina
