Lambert Mende thanks for joining me on
upfront
your boss Joseph Kabila has been
president of the Democratic Republic of
Congo for 17 years and you've had
presidential elections in your country
delayed for nearly two years now is he
ever going to give up power and let
someone else be elected president well
as my president used to say often you
just read the constitution of the
Democratic Republic of the Congo and you
find the answer there is a provision
within the Constitution that can tell
you if he can step down or not and it is
written in the Constitution very clearly
and nothing will change in that
Constitution under the Constitution I
was supposed to be in elections in 2016
your government said there would be
elections in 2016 then they were delayed
we were told they would be in 2017 they
didn't happen in 2017 now we're told aim
should happen in December 23rd I think
December 23rd 2018 at the end of this
year how do we know they're ever gonna
happen everybody know that we had the
security challenges I think you have had
about these terrorists offensive we had
to face in North Kivu province where
even soldiers from un died you have
already had already understood about
what happened in Kasai with the Camarena
Sampo terrorist offensive or these
didn't make it easy it jeopardizes their
that's the reason exercises you have not
elections of course you think as in
previous interview you and your
president have said the reason for no
elections was the Electoral Commission
the electro register giving technical
problems now you're switching and saying
it's security we're looking for any
security is a big issue
you can't organize elections where they
are killing those people of the
Electoral Commission
it is impossible we had the problem of
not racist you're never gonna have
elections cuz they'll never be perfect
security no no no in the democratic
governor
to register electors and when they start
to register electors we found a lot of
provinces under attack terrorist attack
and a lot of officials from Electoral
Commission were killed and they refused
to go ahead with these electoral census
that jeopardize the exercise so you're
saying now that we haven't had elections
you haven't had elections in the
Democratic Republic of Congo for nearly
two years now because of security issues
here's what I don't get you say that you
want you know safe elections free
elections without violence your
president has said in the past we want
perfect elections I believe is a phrase
he's use and yet in 2011 when he was
re-elected for a second term President
Kabila
those elections were not considered free
and fair by international models you
didn't care about free and fair
elections in 2011 when he was being
reelected
this is comment of people we monitors
from the Carter Center sorry this is not
a country that belongs to a commentator
for my I don't know who it is people of
Congo who decides again then we decide
that the election we're good
so let people say what they want but the
people of Congo you say will decide
what's free invite people in Congo
protesting in the streets they have been
for the last two years against the
delays in election protests my dear
there are no breeds we are having 12
million people in this town of Kinshasa
okay and there is there were no it not
even ten thousand people protesting ten
thousand yeah we are having non elected
people trying to capture the protest in
a democracy is that your position
nitrogens our definition is that non
elected people cannot give the policy of
a nation only let's say you're against
peaceful protests
well that's very honest and a
blood-stained man lost policemen
they killed policemen my dear is it non
democratic to protest in the streets i
delayed elections to come with guns and
to keep okay but if your piece in this
talk about the peaceful it was not
peaceful so tense
you are gone you are not well informed
okay so I'm asking for information in
questions of people have you found some
bandit well then 10,000 guns these
police people didn't commit suicide
minister whether he's and people with
gay we are killed in the police has the
right not just maintain order many
peaceful protests was killed with 1000
many many many people died you said 10
or 20 faster two people died Minister
this work work of individual assist I
would have report 120 thousand people
carrying guns that's all I'm asking
simple question so you accept there were
nonviolent protesters theories where
among the three protestors and ranges of
people and the police they kill the
police you killed no they didn't kill
any protester really is a lie it's a lie
nobody can say that says that you use
lethal force against Congolese civilians
amnesty says you use firearms against
unarmed protesters Human Rights Watch
says you've you fired at point-blank
range we have a problem with amnesty but
we have a problem with a lady working
with Human Rights Watch everybody know
I'm glad you hear that she had a problem
with our immigration officer ok that is
a problem
Minister lotsa questions what I do
admire is you do speak in a very blunt
way you said you have no problem with
Amnesty International this is what
amnesty says the wanton disregard for
protesters lives the unlawful use of
force cannot be tolerated the use of
firearms against unarmed protesters
contravenes Congress obligations on the
internet maybe they are not well
informed amnesty
you should not go and take a report from
somebody who has a problem with somebody
but I should say that's killing the
people these are messy who should I
believe police I shouldn't believe the
French government to put US government
Human Rights Watch but I should believe
the government wearing out because we
are in the field my dear ok so let me
ask you this question
a UN official UN Human Rights official
on the ground was monitoring events with
to the ground by security forces kicked
and punch even though he was wearing a
blue vest identify Monsieur terrorists
that way of that so perhaps you should
get more information I'm not just there
you were telling me to get lost we're
gonna tackle a UN report by the New York
Times no no we receive all information
from a police incident but these we
didn't have that information the reality
is that the Congolese people a lot of
Congolese people support Kabila a lot of
Congolese people don't support
completely democracy indeed indeed an
apology without elections yes there was
a poll done last year that showed 10
percent of Congolese people support the
president 38 percent say they've backed
the exile up by 10 percent of people
will you are you joking when did you
make these you know a poll was done an
opinion poll who are you I have never
seen those people making a pool in combo
okay they are making pools here in New
York or in Brussels or in the police
this is large all made up those are
Alaia okay so that Liars do UN maybe
lies their honesty Human Rights Watch
are liars we Western countries are
unhappy because we are giving now
partnership Western countries an unhappy
son some partners like Belgium okay what
about the respected head of the Catholic
Church in your country mm-hmm
who has compared life in Congo to living
in an open prison we has a devastating
problem with the Catholic Church in the
Congo let me but they have a problem
with you it looks like we have problem
with some prominent clergymen who are
acting as politician about the head of
the Catholic Church
no we does not have a head he says how
can you says have its own can you kill
men women children youths and all people
chanting are we now living sorry I'm
sorry are we now living in an oppression
be were killed during demonstration
Cardinal Laura Masanga says are we now
living in an open prison it's a very
simple question
it is the clergyman who is acting as a
politician who said so but not the
Catholic Church okay so he was
dishonored by many other bishops okay
under the cursor you just dismissed the
bishop as well
him we dismiss him why because he
doesn't like your business relationship
with China he's a politician okay
do you fear your Congolese opponents is
that why you don't let them protest free
free do you think that there is any
country in this Central Africa this part
of the continent where people can
demonstrate freely as in the Democratic
Republic of Congo give me a single
hundred hundred people are being shot
dead hundred people six people were shot
dead this in January 26 is not hundred
let's just do the maths then challenging
numbers I love a few blasts in December
2016 62 people killed in August 2017 27
people that's 89 laughs it's not on the
seven in December Sultanate that's 96 in
January that's a hundred dismissing your
fellow people can be fluent right it's
impossible to have a conversation is you
borrowing presidents from fake reports
I'm sorry how many of you killed they'd
have been confrontation between
terrorist element columns and our soul
John agrees with you
not in Kinshasa being killed the message
nobody was killed during the
demonstration how many were killed five
five terrorists we are killing this my
z16 how many people have been killed in
protests not even ten really not even so
when suddenly we have court marshaled
the soldiers who have killed the people
without out of the combat the properties
you keep saying the facts of fake
information that your government is
actually trying to control information
you shut down the internet you prevent
people from text sounds like you're very
worried about remote si the country
where freedom of speech e of speech
freedom of expression more than this is
just like Africa this is not you just
give me a simple making nonsensical stay
gives me
are you the freest country singing name
respect your interview
are you three countries has the freest
speech in Africa to use your free yes
sanction you you're the minister
communications free quote repressive
media policies of China undermines
electric bridge I'm traveling to the
your band is lobbies your mind all very
well okay laws of China I know very well
and why did the US government sanction
officials in India us your colleagues us
your colleagues are normal it's our the
US and the EU members of your government
but apparently you're the freest
government in quote black Africa no no
no no this is why some of your
statements on challenges that measures
your challenge Academy just okay
challenging by the EU we have a problem
with a country called Belgium okay but
the US government says you're corrupt
and prey on your citizen maybe they are
influencing by bedroom okay well Jimmy's
are these days you know so I can change
the trumpet misery Lobby I don't get the
US government the EU the Belgian
government of Belgium
I'm not don't extend it to I'm talking
I'm quoting the US government okay me
the u.s. I'm quoting the US government
the French government the EU
Human Rights Watch Amnesty International
NYU the UN the Cardinals in the Catholic
Church is not okay one Cardinal Catholic
dismissed all these people which is
you're right but what I don't get is why
not why pretend that your democracy when
you say you're the freest can i yes we
are a democracy but we are free to
interact with who they were who we want
and when we decided to interact with
each I know we got problems with Belgium
because they are the former colonizer
and they wanted us to remain in
partnership with them so my question is
yes when all of this criticism for the
international community is coming are
you want to just say we don't care why
pretend that you're a democracy when no
one thinks you are we are a democracy
because we are it is matter of a fact it
is not a matter of your president it is
not a matter of the opinion of others
does it seem to be because the matter of
facts my dear is not a matter of
somebody say you are a Democrat so
you're a Democrat it is a matter of
facts are we acting as Democrat if yes
we have Democrat even if you don't think
that me a Democrat if actually we are as
Democrat we are Democrat indeed Lambert
band a thank you for joining me on
upfront
thank you thank you
