she's been called the de facto leader of
the EU the new leader of the free world
and even the most powerful woman on
earth but in our own country German
Chancellor Angela Merkel is more
unpopular than ever before she's been
struggling to form a coalition
government and last year lost a number
of seats to the far-right nationalist
AFD or alternative for Germany party
speaking at the recent World Economic
Forum in Davos the German leader claims
she was doing all she could to get the
populist wave under control but is she
or is Merkel the cause of it and how do
her current political struggles affect
not just the future of Germany but of
Europe joining me to discuss this are ya
Shah monk a lecture on government at
Harvard and host of the good fight
podcast and from Frankfurt Ralf Bollman
a journalist historian and author of the
biography the German Angela Merkel and
us thank you both for joining me in the
arena
Ralf let me start with you in the past
you've praised Angela Merkel's
leadership you even wrote in your 2013
biography that she was quote in perfect
sync with the national mood that isn't
quite the case today though is it
nearly half of Germans according to the
poll say they want Merkel to resign in
2017 she led her party to the worst
result since 1949 her era of dominance
seems to be over isn't it yeah there are
two reasons I would say first of all she
is an office for 12 years and that's
lots of time even for Germany and of
course it's also a problem that forming
the government is very difficult now and
that's not a very comfortable position
for and the other reason of course is
refugees policy since 2000 or in 2015
when the nearly 1 million refugees came
to to Germany and of course that was a
great push for the right-wing
nationalist AFD party but well I think
that it's not the fault of Angela Merkel
because there were few
how to react in the situation we had in
that year yeah but of course it's a
consequence of her policy okay yeah sure
um it's to do with the fact that she's
been in power for a long time that's one
of the main reasons why she's so
unpopular now it's not through faults of
her own I means a little bit of both
obviously once been in power for over 10
years it's easy for people to sau-lan
you but I think the the best line and
Angela Merkel always used to be but
she's minimally invasive she doesn't
really get on your nerves and I think
she still doesn't get on people's nukes
in quite that way it's not very see her
I'm go to V screens and I think I just
kind of stand to see his face anymore I
don't want to hear that voice anymore I
think people are recognizing but she
actually hasn't shown real strategic
leadership and that's true across a
whole range of issues the refugee crisis
is one moment where she seemingly had
some kind of leadership for she was
actually buffeted by events to a
remarkable degree but the same is true
on the euro crisis where she didn't
clearly set out how Germany should deal
with Greece and other countries she sort
of kept muddling through the same is
true of a rise of liberal populist and
Poland and Hungary where she hasn't
shown real leadership but I think people
are recognizing now that the same is
happening in coalition negotiations
which have dragged on without a clear
word of leadership from Angela Merkel
without her saying this is where we want
to go and why that she's not as strong a
leader as has been claimed
Ralph she lacks real strategic
leadership and she's been muddling
through secession well yes but I think
that for that what you call muddling
through is part of good political
leadership its pragmatism and to see
what is realistic and if you take the
eurozone crisis for example the
countries of northern and eastern europe
were not so much of the people in these
countries were not so much willing to
pay money or to guarantee credits to be
more exact for other countries in
southern europe and vice-versa people in
southern europe were not very much
attached to the idea
of financial stability and I think it
was a really big political leadership an
act of political leadership that Angela
rocker was able to find a compromise
between these two positions yeah sure
let me ask you this she accepted 1.5
million migrants asylum seekers refugees
in 2015 and 2016 her critics say that
open door policy backfired on her people
on the Left actually praised her and say
that was a humanitarian gesture from a
purely political pragmatic viewpoint was
that a mistake in your view with the
alternatives as ralph asman well I think
one of the things that was a mistake and
in the migrant crisis which is quite
typical of her shortcomings which is
that she's not somebody who can actually
set out a vision and hold a speech in
order to get people on board was a lack
of communication so what she did was
quite bizarre you would expect somebody
who's actually committed to helping
refugees to try and keep the door open
while reassuring people that there is a
limit and that she is taking steps to
manage flows what you did instead was
the opposite which is to say that she
actually did what she could to stop a
migrant flows she struck a very dubious
deal with threats of erawan of Turkey
for example to make sure that no more
migrants could actually reach Germany
and over why she told the German public
there's no end to immigration and to
refugees we will not have an upper limit
this is going to go on for however long
it will and I think one of the reasons
why Germany turned against refugees so
strongly is precisely that if I had a
sense of this is going to go on forever
and so then it will change we have been
very clear about the fact what there's
going to be an end of us okay I think
that people would have been more proud
to policy now I think that the main
reason why she acted how she acted was
simply Europe she thought that Germany
could not be the country which closes
the borders if Oster does that doesn't
matter but Germany cannot do that and
especially in the situation of the
summer 2015 after the deal with Greece
where many people thought that Germany
was too hard against Greece and Greeks
and so this was a main motive but Angela
Merkel didn't want to speak about that
because she thought that this argument
Europe was not popular enough among
Germans and that was because I'm running
after the opinion polls moment after
moment and that's made her very
successful it's allowed to get reelected
number of times but it's also the reason
why she hasn't actually solved any of
the issues facing Germany what's her
legacy in what way has she actually
changed the country you mentioned
political legacy what is her legacy
would you say that part of her legacy is
the rise of far-right nationalists the
AFD the alternative for Germany parties
which became the first far-right
nationalist party to enter the German
parliament since the Nazis Merkel's vote
sure went down last year their vote sure
went up and they won seats for the first
time on this level do you hold her
responsible for the rise of such groups
I mean there's a case to be made fair
where do you can say that because she
has vacated of a political right in
Germany because she's moved her party to
the center but left is space for V aft
when you look around Europe there isn't
a single country with a system of
proportional representation where some
form of our right populist party hasn't
risen so I think Germany was overripe
for that and that probably would have
happened with a different Chancellor as
well Ralph perhaps it's part of an
anarchist legacy but it's not in the
center of Angela Merkel's legacy a
legacy is in my view that you manage to
the third modelling through yes of
course but to bring Germany and Europe
quite safe through the recent ten years
of crisis first of all financial crisis
and eurozone crisis then Ukraine crisis
we were at the edge of a third world war
when she started to talk with Obama
Putin and so on and then of course
refugees crisis and Europe angular
Merkel she's been in office nearly 13
years
we don't know how long she'll be an
office for will she be remembered as a
great leader who United Germany in
Europe behind her or as an overrated
leader whose tenure ended in failure
how will historians judge her I think
she she won't be seen at a great leader
like I would call the very new things
like reunification but she will all be
seen at a great leader such as her much
meat for example a Chancellor of crisis
who managed to keep Germany Germany and
Europe safe in the time of crisis and I
think when she is not there anymore
popularity worldwide again almost I was
on briefly Yasha how old history judge
Angela Merkel I think it's a very decent
very competent leader who didn't have a
foresight in the strategy to actually
confront some of the big crises that
haven't really come home to hit yet that
right now and quite felt yet but I fear
will be over the course of the next
decade gentlemen we'll have to leave it
there we're out of time thank you both
for joining me in the arena that's our
show upfront we'll be back next week
you
