opposition supporters in the capital
male say the Supreme Court ruling paves
the way for the Maldives first
democratically elected leader to return
from exile and run for president in
elections due this year
speaking from Colombo Mohamed Nasheed
said he would contest the elections
and he said president Abdulla yameen
should free all political prisoners and
democracy activists the Maldives
military and the security forces must
give safety and security to the judges
and I strongly believe that that would
happen there is still a small element of
small element within the military and
the police that wants to prop up the
dictatorship we should isolate them and
we should reform the police in the
military the celebrations in the capital
turned violent when police fired tear
gas to disperse opposition supporters
overnight the Chief of Police was sacked
by the government after the police said
they'd implement the court's ruling to
free political prisoners pending retrial
the situation is very fluid it's it's
developing and anyway either way going
forward I think even from from the
perspective of the opposition we are
looking at many many changes that have
to be made as soon as there's new
elections and there's a new government
president yameen was elected in 2013 he
was set to run for re-election virtually
unopposed with all his rivals either
jailed or exiled in its ruling the
Supreme Court also reversed the
expulsion of 12 politicians who defected
from you means party the judge's ruling
now gives the opposition a majority in
parliament Bernard Smith al-jazeera
