- shining rails stretching west from
Baghdad sneaking through the desert for
57 kilometers at the other end is the
city of Fallujah accessible once again
to rail travellers Fallujah today is not
like Fallujah in the past the railroad
is a sign of life getting back to normal
after getting rid of ISIL these whale
tracks were closed when ISIL fighters
swept through the west of Iraq in 2014
when Iraqi railways reopens the bag that
the Fallujah line we didn't think of the
economic benefit this is a message of
peace to the people of Fallujah after
the dark days when ISIL used to rule
those parts after the defeat of ISIL
there have been roads that have been
opened between Baghdad and Fallujah but
they're peppered with security checks
and that journey can take anything up to
several hours but this train doesn't
stop for checkpoints the journey between
Baghdad and Fallujah takes just 55
minutes by railway and the high cost of
fuel means traveling by Road is more
expensive basic train tickets for a
one-way journey cost just under two
dollars going by the train is much
easier we avoid traffic jams many
checkpoints across the highway or even
deadly car accidents it's also much
cheaper than road transport when the
train arrives in Fallujah 57 kilometers
may not seem far but this reopen track
is a milestone for Iraq's railways Rob
Mathison al Jazeera Baghdad
