it's one of the most violent places on
earth but just how democratic is the
Democratic Republic of Congo given its
president was supposed to have left
office back in 2016 I lost a country's
controversial Minister of Communications
and will also debate the future of
Germany's Angela Merkel
I'm Mary Hassan also on the show she's
been called the new leader of the free
world but German Chancellor Angela
Merkel has grown increasingly unpopular
at home struggled to form a governing
coalition and has been undermined by the
rise of the far right so how much is
Merkel herself to blame for the problems
she and Germany now face
that's our debate but first protesters
shot dead opposition figures exiled and
the internet shut down all some say
because the president of the Democratic
Republic of Congo Joseph Kabila
refuses to leave office the country's
constitution says elections should have
been held in 2016 but the authorities
keep postponing them so what next for a
nation that's still recovering from
what's been called Africa's great war
this week's headliner congos Minister of
Communications Lambert Mende Lambert
Mende thanks for joining me on upfront
your boss Joseph Kabila has been
president of the Democratic Republic of
Congo for 17 years and you've had
presidential elections in your country
delayed for nearly two years now
is he ever going to give up power and
let someone else be elected president
well as my president used to say often
you just read the constitution of the
Democratic Republic of the Congo and you
find the answer there is a provision
within the Constitution that can tell
you if he can step down or not and it is
written in the Constitution very clearly
and nothing will change in that
Constitution under the Constitution that
was supposed to be in elections in 2016
your government said there would be
elections in 2016 then they were delayed
we were told they would be in 2017 they
didn't happen in 2017 now we're told aim
should happen in December 23rd I think
December 23rd 2018 at the end of this
year how do we know they're ever gonna
happen everybody know that we had the
security challenges I think you have
heard about these terrorist offensive we
had to face in North Kivu province where
even soldiers from un died you have
already
had already understood about what
happened in Kasai with the Camarena
Sampo terrorist offensive or these
didn't make it easy it japa dies that's
the reason exercises you have elections
of course you can get in previous
interview and your president have said
the reason for no election was the
Electoral Commission the electro
register getting technical problems now
you're switching and saying it's
security we look if any security is a
big issue
you can't organize elections where they
are killing those people of the
Electoral Commission it is impossible we
had the problem of analysis you're never
gonna have elections cuz they'll never
be perfect security no no no in the
Democratic governor we had to register
electors and when they start to register
electors we found a lot of prophecies
under attack terrorist attack and a lot
of officials from Electoral Commission
were killed and they refused to go ahead
with these electoral census that
jeopardize the exercise so you're saying
now that we haven't had elections you
haven't had elections in the Democratic
Republic of Congo for nearly two years
now because of security issues here's
what I don't get you say that you want
you know safe elections free elections
without violence your president has said
in the past we want perfect elections I
believe is a phrase used and yet in 2011
when he was re-elected for a second term
President Kabila those elections were
not considered free and fair by
international mothers you didn't care
about free and fair elections in 2011
when he was being reelected
this is comment of people monitors from
the Carter Center sorry this is not a
country that belongs to comment or form
I don't know who it is people of Congo
who decides how can we decide that the
election we are good it was good so let
people say what they want but the people
of Congo you say will decide what's
reinvented people in Congo protesting in
the streets they have been for the last
two years against the delays an election
more protests an idea there are no
breeds we are
twelve million people in this town of
Kinshasa okay and there is there were no
not even ten thousand people protesting
ten thousand doesn't count as a price we
are having non elected people trying to
capture this are only allowed to protest
in a democracy is that your position
night wishes are definite position is
that non elected people can not give the
policy of a nation on let's say you're
against peaceful protests wow that's
very honest and applaud stays lost
policemen
they killed policemen my dear is it non
democratic to protest in the streets a
delayed elections to come with guns and
to keep your peace in this town about
the peaceful towards not peaceful to ten
thousand you are in our gun you are not
well informed okay so am i I'm asking
for information minister question end of
people have you found some money to ten
thousand guns these police people didn't
commit suicide Minister whether a
thousand people with gay we are killed
in the police's there are maintained on
the ANA many peaceful protesters
question I'll tell you figure number
people died you said ten or twenty first
two people died Minister this won't work
with individuals have twenty thousand
people carrying guns that's all I'm
asking same no question so you accept
their were nonviolent protesters there
are I swear among the three protestors
and ranges of people who can they kill
the police you killed protest no they
didn't kill any protester really did
they lie it's a lie
nobody can say that says that you use
lethal force against Congolese civilians
amnesty says you use firearms against
unarmed protesters Human Rights Watch
says you've you fired at point-blank
range we have no problem with amnesty
but we have a problem with a lady
working with Human Rights Watch
everybody know I'm glad is here that she
has a problem with our immigration
officer okay well that is a problem
a minister to respond to that me to
repeal not sequestered what I do admire
is you do speak in a very blunt way you
you have no problem with Amnesty
International this is what amnesty says
the wanton disregard for protesters
lives the unlawful use of force cannot
be tolerated the use of firearms against
unarmed protesters contravenes Congress
obligations under international form
that is all you should not go and take a
report from somebody who has a problem
with somebody but I should say that's
killing the baby these are misty Hussein
should I believe police I shouldn't
believe the French going to put US
government
Human Rights Watch but I should believe
the government wearing out because we
are in the field my dear a UN official
UN Human Rights official on the ground
was monitoring events were thrown to the
ground by security forces kicked and
punched even though he was wearing a
blue vest identify was you was in
terrorist I'm aware of that so perhaps
you should get more information I'm not
just that you were telling me to get
lost attacker a UN report by the New
York Times no no we receive all
information from a police incident but
these we didn't have that information
the reality is that the Congolese people
a lot of Congolese people support Kabila
a lot of Congolese people don't support
community democracy indeed indeed
another poly a democracy without
elections yes there was a poll done last
year that showed 10 percent of Congolese
people support the president 38 percent
say they backed the exiled opposition
supported by 10 percent of people
willing are you joking when did you make
these you know poll was done an opinion
poll who am i you I have never seen
those people making a pool in combo okay
they are making pools here in New York
or in Brussels or in the police this is
all made up
those are Alaia okay so that Liars UN
maybe lies their honesty Human Rights
Watch are liars we some Western
countries are unhappy because we are
giving now
partnership Western countries an unhappy
son some partners like Belgium okay what
about the respected head of the Catholic
Church in your country mm-hmm who has
compared life in Congo to living in an
open prison we
relating problem with the Catholic
Church in Congo let me but they have a
problem with you it looks like we have
problem with some prominent clergymen
who are acting as politician about the
head of the Catholic Church no the
rhetoric does not have a head he says
how can you SS have its own can you kill
men women children youths and all people
chanting are we now living sorry I'm
sorry are we now living in another
property were killed during
demonstration Cardinal Masanga says are
we now living in an open prison it's a
very simple question
it is the clergyman who is acting as a
politician who said so but not the
Catholic Church okay so he was
dishonored by many other bishops okay
dismissed the bishop as well him we
dismiss him why he doesn't like your
business relationship with China he is a
politician okay do you fear your
Congolese opponents is that why you
don't let them protest free free do you
think that there is any country in this
Central Africa this part of the
continent where people can demonstrate
freely as in the Democratic Republic of
Congo give me a single hundred young
people are being shot dead hundred
people six people were shot dead this in
January 26 is not hundred let's just do
the mast and she's challenging numbers I
love a few blasts in December 2016 62
people killed in August 2017 27 people
that's 89 laughs that's all on the seven
in December Sultanate that's 96 in
January that's a hundred figures
dismissing your fellow where is the name
it is we people can be fluent in there
right it's impossible to have a
conversation they can write news you're
borrowing presidents fake reports I'm
sorry how many of you killed
they have been confrontation between
terrorist element columns and our so
John agrees with you no no not in
Kinshasa the hostage has been killed
demonstration nobody we are killed
during the demo
how many were killed five five
terrorists we are given this my lady
sixteen how many people have been killed
in protests not even ten really not even
so when so we have court marshaled the
soldiers who have killed the people
without out of the combat properties you
keep saying the facts of fake
information that your government is
actually trying to control information
you shut down the Internet sounds like a
way of speech freedom of our country has
the freest speech in Africa to use your
from yes sanction you you're the
minister of communications for a quote
repressive media police force of China
undermines election time traveling to
the uses your band these lobbies your
mind all very well okay those of China I
know very well and why did the US
government officials in in in the US
colleagues your colleagues are normally
stars the US and the EU members of your
government but apparently you're the
freest government in quote black Africa
no no no no I mean this is why some of
your statements and challenges that we
just we are challenging that me just
okay challenging by the EU we have a
problem with a country called
Belgium okay but the US government says
you're corrupt and prey on your citizen
maybe they are influencing by barium
okay well tell Jimmy so these days you
know if I could change the trumpet means
what I don't get the US government the
EU the Belgian government of Belgium I'm
not don't extend to us I'm talking I'm
quoting the US government okay me the
u.s. I'm quoting the US government the
French government the EU Human Rights
Watch Amnesty International NYU the UN
the Cardinals in the Catholic Church
you've dismissed
this is not okay one Cardinal you know
on Catholic Church okay you've dismissed
all these people which is your right but
what I don't get is why not why pretend
that your democracy when you say you're
the freest color yes we are a democracy
but we are free to interact with who
they were who we want and when we
decided to interact with each I know we
got problems with Belgium because the
former colonizer and they wanted us to
remain in partnership with them so my
question is yes when all of this
criticism from the international
community is coming are you want to just
say we don't care why pretend that
you're a democracy when no one thinks
you are we are at democracy because we
are it is matter of a fact it is not a
matter of your president it is not a
matter of opinion of others does it seem
to be because a matter of fact my idea
is not a matter of somebody say you are
a Democrat so you are a Democrat it is a
matter of facts are we acting as
Democrat if yes we are Democrat even if
you don't think of me a Democrat if
actually we are as Democrat we are
Democrat indeed Lambert Mandy
thank you for joining me on upfront
thank you thank you
she's been called the de facto leader of
the EU the new leader of the free world
and even the most powerful woman on
earth but in our own country German
Chancellor Angela Merkel is more
unpopular than ever before she's been
struggling to form a coalition
government and last year lost a number
of seats to the far-right nationalist
AFD or alternative for Germany party
speaking at the recent World Economic
Forum in Davos the German leader claims
she was doing all she could to get the
populist wave under control but is she
or is Merkel the cause of it and how do
her current political struggles affect
not just the future of Germany but of
Europe joining me to discuss this are
Yasha Munk a lecture on government at
Harvard and host of the good fight
podcast and from Frankfurt Ralf Bollman
a journalist historian and author of the
biography the German Angela Merkel and
us thank you both for joining me in the
arena
Ralf let me start with you in the past
you've praised Angela Merkel's
leadership you even wrote in your 2013
biography that she was quote in perfect
sync with the national mood that isn't
quite the case today though is it nearly
half of Germans according to the poll
say they want Merkel to resign in 2017
she led her party to the worst result
since 1949 her era of dominance seems to
be over isn't it
yeah there are two reasons I would say
first of all she is an office for 12
years and that's lots of time even for
Germany and of course it's also a
problem that forming the government is
very difficult now and that's not a very
comfortable position for her and the
other reason of course is refugees
policy since 2000 or in 2015 when the
nearly 1 million refugees came to
Germany and of course that was a great
push for the right-wing nationalist aft
party but well I think that it's not the
fault of Angela Merkel because there
were few alternatives how to react in
the situation we had
that year yeah but of course it's a
consequence of her policy okay yeah sure
um it's to do with the fact that she's
been in power for a long time that's one
of the main reasons why she's so
unpopular now it's not through faults of
her own he's a little bit of both
obviously once been in power for over 10
years it's easy for people to sau-lan
you but I think the the best line and
Angela Merkel always used to be but
she's minimally invasive she doesn't
really get on your nerves and I think
she still doesn't get on people's nukes
in quite that way it's not very see her
I'm a TV screens and I think I just kind
of stand to see his face anymore I don't
want to hear that voice anymore I think
people are recognizing but she actually
hasn't shown real strategic leadership
and that's true across a whole range of
issues the refugee crisis is one moment
where she seemingly had some kind of
leadership for she was actually buffeted
by events to a remarkable degree but the
same is true on the euro crisis where
she didn't clearly set out how Germany
should deal with Greece and other
countries she sort of kept muddling
through the same is true of a rise of
liberal populist and Poland and Hungary
where she hasn't shown real leadership
but I think people are recognizing now
that the same is happening in coalition
negotiations which have dragged on
without a clear word of leadership from
Angela Merkel without her saying this is
where we want to go and why that she's
not as strong a leader as has been
claimed Ralph she lacks real strategic
leadership and she's been muddling
through says yasha well yes but I think
that for that what you call muddling
through is part of good political
leadership
it's pragmatism and to see what is
realistic and if you take the eurozone
crisis for example the countries of
northern and eastern europe were not so
much of the people in these countries
were not so much willing to pay money or
to guarantee credits to be more exact
for other countries in southern europe
and vice-versa people in southern europe
were not very much attached to the idea
of financial stability and i think it
was a really big bullet
leadership an act of political
leadership that Angela rocker was able
to find a compromise between these two
positions yeah sure let me ask you this
she accepted 1.5 million migrants asylum
seekers refugees in 2015 and 2016 her
critics say that open door policy
backfired on her people on the Left
actually praised her and say that was a
humanitarian gesture from a purely
political pragmatic viewpoint was that a
mistake in your view with the
alternatives as Ralph asmin well I think
one of the things that was a mistake and
in the migrant crisis which is quite
typical of her shortcomings which is
that she's not somebody who can actually
set out a vision and hold a speech in
order to get people on board was a lack
of communication so what she did was
quite bizarre you would expect somebody
who's actually committed to helping
refugees to try and keep the door open
while reassuring people that there is a
limit and vegies taking steps to manage
flows what you did instead was the
opposite which is to say that she
actually did what she could to stop the
migrant flows she struck a very dubious
deal with threats of a Don of Turkey for
example to make sure that no more
migrants could actually reach Germany
and over why she told the German public
there's no end to immigration and to
refugees we will not have an upper limit
this is going to go on for however long
it will and I think one of the reasons
why Germany turned against refugees so
strongly it's precisely that if I had a
sense of this is going to go on forever
and so then it'll change our country
because she had been very clear about
the fact what there's going to be an end
of us okay I think that people would
have been more proactive policy yeah I
think that the main reason why she acted
how she acted was simply Europe she
thought that Germany could not be the
country which closes the borders if
Oster does that doesn't matter but
Germany cannot do that and especially in
the situation of the summer 2015 after
the deal with Greece where many people
thought that Germany was too hard
against Greece and Greeks
and so this was a main motive but Angela
Merkel didn't want to speak about that
because she thought that this argument
Europe was not popular enough among
Germans and that was why she because I'm
running after the opinion polls moment
after moment and that's made her very
successful it's allowed to get reelected
number of times but it's also the reason
why she hasn't actually solved any of
the issues facing Germany what's her
legacy in what way has she actually
changed the country
you mentioned political legacy what is
her legacy would you say that part of
her legacy is the rise of far-right
nationalists the AFD the alternative for
Germany parties which became the first
far-right nationalist party to enter the
German parliament since the Nazis
Merkel's vote sure went down last year
their vote sure went up and they won
seats for the first time on this level
do you hold her responsible for the rise
of such groups I mean there's a case to
be made well you can say that because
she has vacated of a political right in
Germany because she's moved her party to
the center but left his space for via
aft when you look around Europe there
isn't a single country with a system of
proportional representation where some
form of far-right populist party hasn't
risen so I think Germany was overripe
for that and that probably would have
happened with a different Chancellor as
well Ralph perhaps it's part of an
artists legacy but it's not in the
center of Angela Merkel's legacy a
legacy is in my view that she managed
through with her modeling through yes of
course but to bring Germany and Europe
quite safe through the recent ten years
of crisis first of all financial crisis
than eurozone crisis then Ukraine crisis
we were at the edge of a third world war
when she started to talk with Obama
Putin and so on and then of course
refugees crisis and Europe angular
Merkel she's been in office nearly 13
years we don't know how long she'll be
in office for will she be remembered
as a great leader who United Germany in
Europe behind her or as an overrated
leader whose tenure ended in failure
how will historians judge I think she
she won't be seen at a great leader like
I would call with very new things like
reunification but she will be seen at a
great leader such as how much MIT for
example a Chancellor of crisis who
managed to keep Germany Germany and
Europe safe in the time of crisis and I
think when she is not there anymore
popularity worldwide again almost I was
on briefly Yasha how old history judge
Angela Merkel I think it's a very decent
very competent leader who didn't have a
foresight in the strategy to actually
confront some of the big crises that
haven't really come home to hit yet that
right now and quite felt yet but I fear
will be over the course of the next
decade gentlemen will have to leave it
there we're out of time thank you both
for joining me in the arena that's our
show
upfront we'll be back next week
you
