Eastern goethe is one of the so-called
de-escalation zones but it doesn't feel
like it on the ground
this is the last rebel-held area close
to the capital damascus the siege by
government forces for years now
allegations of another chlorine gas
attack doctors say patients showed
symptoms in lied with inhalation of the
gas the city Maui this is renewed
aggression by the regime using chlorine
gas against the place where people live
in Duma this is the third chemical
attack in 15 days the US has reacted
concerned about the Syrian government's
chemical weapons program and
capabilities its chemical weapons should
have been destroyed after a
decommissioning deal brokered by Russia
five years ago that followed what the
Obama administration said was a redline
the chemical attack in the same rebel
controlled area which killed at least
1,300 people the Trump administration
has taken a more active approach in
reaction to an alleged chemical weapons
attack in northeastern Syria in April
last year the u.s. fired 59 Tomahawk
missiles at a Syrian airfield where they
believe the attack originated and now
the Americans are hinting they suspect
the Syrian government still has chemical
weapons the UN estimates eastern gouta
is home to around 400,000 Syrians
starving and malnourished getting aid to
these people is fraught with challenges
the UN special envoy to Syria Yun Eglin
says that there is a desperate need for
humanitarian pause in eastern gutte he
added that both the Syrian government
and the armed opposition are failing
hundreds of thousands of civilians who
are stuck in these besieged areas it
seems almost seven years into this war
and despite the political meetings
taking place many thousands of
kilometers away it is the military
option that remains the priority for all
sides Stephanie Decker al Jazeera
antakya
