as you approach as is gone on the main
highway in Sichuan province it's pretty
evidence what this area is known for its
home to one of the largest dinosaur
fossil discoveries in the world the dust
on poo formation fascination for
dinosaurs put the city on the map
drawing in millions of visitors each
year but it's ancient history was also
the spark for a homegrown industry about
80% of the world's large dinosaur
replicas are made and is gone among the
first of 25 companies to start making
replicas of some of the Earth's first
inhabitants was founded by gucci home he
was born and raised here kun is a
dinosaur time I've been very interested
in dinosaurs since I was a kid and I
majored in electronic engineering
I wanted more people know more about the
goal through our replicas that's why I
studied this business but the business
of manufacturing and distributing these
prehistoric animal replicas of all
shapes and sizes is facing a very
contemporary issue tariffs imposed by
the United States
goichi honk now has to pay 10% tariffs
on his dinosaurs going to America and
then on January 1st it goes up to 25%
Kenya who do a meeting in China Doha
this will definitely have an active
effect on our exports we were try to
talk to our customers in the States and
I try to reduce costs we would try
everything to ease the pressure brought
on by the trade or he says this is one
of the biggest challenges he has faced
since he opened the factory doors some
12 years ago he hopes to continue
shipping 2,000 dinosaurs a year without
the need to downsize this despite the
noise that's being made
by the leaders in Washington and Beijing
Scott hi there al Jazeera this is gone
