the memo has dominated talk in
Washington for days Donald Trump was
even asked about it as he left his State
of the Union speech the four-page memo
was written by Republicans on the House
Intelligence Committee it alleges a
misuse of power by the FBI and Justice
Department under the Obama
administration while investigating the
Trump campaign during the u.s. election
the FBI issued a rare statement arguing
that there were important details left
out which would fundamentally impact the
memos accuracy and the Justice
Department says releasing the document
would be extraordinarily reckless it's
the president who must make the ultimate
decision to declassify and release but
now after a national security review the
White House's blanked out some parts of
the document and sent it back to the
committee it can now be published at any
time at a gathering of Republicans in
West Virginia the president made no
fresh mention of the memo but afterwards
speaking to the media Republican
leadership defended the idea of its
release this memo is not indictment of
the FBI of the Department of Justice it
does not impugn the Moller investigation
or the Deputy Attorney General what it
is is the Congress's legitimate function
of oversight Democrats have argued the
release of the memo over their own
objections are all part of a campaign to
undermine the investigation into alleged
Russian meddling in the presidential
election in fact the leading Democrat in
the House has called on the Republican
chairman of the Intelligence Committee
Devin Nunez to be removed in a letter to
speaker Paul Ryan Nancy Pelosi says
congressman Nunez has abused his
position to launch a highly unethical
and dangerous cover-up campaign for the
White House
congressman Nunez deliberately dishonest
actions make him unfit to serve as
chairman and he must be removed
immediately from this position the
leading Democrat on the committee says
the row doesn't serve the American
people the memo is seriously misleading
because it omits very material
information and has deep factual
inaccuracies Nunez was part of the Trump
transition team and last year recused
himself from leading
the russia investigation now he will
decide if he will release the memo that
he wrote on an inquiry which continues
to divide Washington and the country
Allen Fisher al Jazeera Washington
