ah four just immortalized in folk songs
poetry and popular history the Northwest
Passage is fascinated Canadians for
centuries
once explorers and adventurers now
shipping lines and cruise ship
passengers all have sought the Northwest
Passage until 2007 Canada's Arctic was
ice bound all year but rising
temperatures are melting sea ice at an
alarming rate leaving open water for at
least part of each year since then cargo
and passenger ships from Europe the US
Canada even China have sailed through
here traffic is expected to double by
2020 the Arctic is an incredibly large
remote and extreme region it's a
hazardous place to navigate at the best
of times and the remoteness means that
there's no search-and-rescue capacity
located anywhere close to the Northwest
Passage other concerns are environmental
an oil spill in these now pristine
waters would be devastating to fish and
wildlife that local people need for
survival the rules governing shipping
have to change say experts putting the
rules in place that benefit communities
and protect wildlife it includes
regulations on the discharge of
pollutants like gray water and sewage
and includes phasing out or banning some
of the most toxic fuels like heavy fuel
oil it it also includes restraints on
emissions and reducing greenhouse gas
emissions from shipping thousands of
years the indigenous people of the north
the Inuit have roamed the ice water and
land
thanks to land claims agreements they
now have a real say in how the Northwest
Passage will be developed as well as
tough environmental standards the people
of the north are demanding a share of
economic benefits and jobs that may come
once international shipping begins using
the passage regularly because we don't
have ports along our coastline we need
to have resources available for you need
to get the Davis skill
so that they're able to take part in the
kind of industry and I think that
there's an opportunity there that in the
knowledge and expertise of the land can
be used temperatures in the north are
rising faster than anywhere else
now even recreational sailors from far
away can come here and find an ice-free
Northwest Passage that has eluded so
many for so long
Daniel Locke al-jazeera Cambridge Bay in
Canada's north
