with relations between the u.s. and the
Palestinians already at their lowest
point for years the Palestinian leader
is taking the dramatic step of flying to
the United Nations this month it means a
showdown with the Americans and the
Israelis on the floor of the UN Security
Council every month the council meets to
discuss the conflict normally
ambassadors of Israel and of Palestine
attend but in a deeply unusual move
Mahmoud Abbas will himself be there
he's angered by the Trump
administration's decision to formally
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
and to cut a large chunk of its funding
to Unruh the UN agency that provides
humanitarian aid to Palestinians the
last straw was president Trump's attack
on him last week at Davos he said he
disrespected vice president Mike Pence
and he declined to give an audience to
when he visited the Middle East the
decision of the Palestinian leader to
come to the UN was announced by the
incoming president of the Security
Council what do you hope it will achieve
having him here in the council chamber
Lamia President Abbas will come it will
be a good thing it will be a good thing
for the members of the Security Council
to listen to the president himself it
will be beneficial for everyone the
Israeli ambassador to the United Nations
Danny Danon has issued a statement
saying that President Abbas is
completely misreading the situation and
harming the prospects for his own people
it's not clear at this stage who will
attend the Security Council meeting for
Israel or the United States James BAE's
al Jazeera of the United Nations
