the refugee protests outside the German
parliament looked as forlorn as the
hopes of the thousands of families
across Germany wanting their loved ones
to be reunited even before the vote
inside the Bundestag a deal had already
been agreed in principle the price of a
new coalition government is tight
new immigration controls for us in the
CDU it was important that we have a
legal regulation for migrant family
reunifications and for the SPD it was
important that family reunifications are
possible in general so here is our
commitment what's called the right of
reunification was suspended in 2016
meaning refugees who had reached Germany
were prevented from bringing their
immediate family to join them
asthma's Ino was an experienced engineer
in Syria before fleeing the war and
reached Germany with her two sons she
tried six times to have her husband
who's also an engineer joined them all
in Berlin in the end she succeeded
through a refugee sponsorship scheme my
husband was alone in Syria it is very
dangerous we were apart for two years
and my children had to grow up alone but
in the end I had to chance through this
wonderful organization and my husband
was able to come I think the law is
impossible and inhumane but I don't
think you can tear families apart rights
campaigners say they're deeply concerned
the original ban on reunifications had
been due to expire in March and many
families had made applications in
anticipation of that date their hopes
have now been dashed until late summer
at the earliest plus the figure of 1,000
a month is a maximum number and in
reality depending on the criteria the
real fear could be much smaller there
has been a huge and very ugly debate on
numbers and guessing of how many persons
will come in fact there were serious
studies they talked about 60,000
people who will come family as a right
under human rights law
you can tear families apart and that's
why we think it is one of the the only
legal and safe routes for refugees to
come to a safe place the Bundestag vote
appears to address the largest obstacle
preventing a new coalition government
being formed but the debate over the use
of quotas to regulate refugee numbers is
far from over here
Paul Brennan al Jazeera Berlin
