the Polish Senate voted overwhelmingly
to approve new Holocaust legislation
that makes it a crime to refer to
wartime Nazi extermination camps as
being polish or to accuse Poland of
complicity in the atrocities of the
third Israel has condemned it the
foreign ministry saying on Twitter
Israel views with utmost gravity any
attempt to challenge historical truth no
law will change the facts but Poland's
ruling party denies the charge pointing
out that academic research and artistic
expression are exempt research of the
past is not threatened in any way
talking about the past and analyzing it
even the darkest most shameful part of
the Polish past is not threatened in any
way opposition MPs warned the bill was
an attack on free speech people they
cannot be any law that will suppress the
discussion this bill is worded in such a
way that discussion can be suppressed
here in Poland but also abroad and that
is the worst fear Poland was occupied by
Nazi Germany in World War two it lost
six million of its citizens including
three million Jews who died in camps
like Auschwitz and Birkenau in occupied
Poland helping Jews even offering them a
glass of water was punishable by death
the Senate vote in Poland happened a day
after Germany and other nations joined
in annual remembrance of the Holocaust
there is no suggestion that Poland
willfully colluded with the Nazis
Israel's Holocaust Memorial yad vashem
says the polish bill is liable to blur
the historical truths regarding the
assistance the Germans received from the
Polish population the bill that aims to
defend Poland's wartime image must now
be approved by the president who has
previously indicated his support Jonah
hull al Jazeera
