The Associated Press news agency has
released a video it says confirms
reports of a massacre of her hinge of
Muslims in Myanmar last year AP says the
pictures appear to show the bodies of
half buried men its investigations
suggest at least five previously
unreported mass graves have been found
the news agency spoke to villagers who
say the number of dead could be as high
as 400 whoever was injured but still
alive after the attack was thrown into
flames young men like myself managed to
escape the attack but others like small
children and women couldn't run away in
time they were either killed or tied up
and thrown inside homes by the military
which they burned down using launchers
it's thought the massacre took place as
Ruth our pian in the kind state in
August a few weeks ago for the first
time the military here said that
soldiers were involved in civilian
deaths it acknowledged one mass grave
containing the bodies of ten revenge'
it's called terrorists the UN says
reports of more mass graves warrant
further investigation I do not have the
details of this particular site or the
village mass graves but it is repet it
is but you can see it's a pattern that
we that I've said earlier and you know
we had that to atole Massacre but India
is where the mass graves were discovered
but when I was talking to some of the
refugees a man said to me he had he had
buried four hundred and thirty plus
bodies before he escaped his town and
I've been I received Scrolls of names of
people who are alleged killed or missing
so this is something that needs to be
investigated and this is why we've
called for an fact-finding mission and
Human Rights Watch says there's growing
evidence of genocide in Rakhine State
what is most worrisome about these
reports beyond obviously the killings is
now the effort to cover this up that
they discovered
and in some instances acid is being used
to burn off the features of the people
killed or burn off the fingerprints to
try to obstruct any accountability and
that shows a degree of pre-planning that
will really I think impact the
international community's decisions
about whether this is constitutes
genocide or not
Myanmar's government has previously
denied any reports of a massacre it has
now cut off access to Gouda pian other
than tightly controlled government trips
the area in northern reclined state
where there was violence has been closed
off to the UN humanitarian groups and
journalists Scott Heidler al Jazeera
Yangon
