these are troubling times for Germany's
car makers news of the emissions tests
on volunteers and monkeys on behalf of
BMW Daimler and Volkswagen has shocked
many including VW's chief executive who
issued a rapid apology I consider such
conditions to be unacceptable I can only
apologise for these facts on behalf of
our company to all affected I can only
ensure that the processes in our company
are reformed in such a way that such
conditions will no longer occur in the
future
Daimler quickly followed suit announcing
the suspension of a senior executive and
condemning the tests it's just the
latest emissions scandal for the German
car industry the dieselgate affair where
so-called defeat devices were fitted to
engines to pass emissions tests has
barely faded from the headlines these
new revelations are prompting more this
is the last thing the current acting
government wanted to happen as it tries
to build another coalition for this
unfolding parliamentary term it's also
raised questions in some minds about
just how closely aligned the senior
government ministers are with the motor
manufacturers the environmental lobby is
particularly incensed the wooden eggie
politics has been bowing to the car
industry for years we are experiencing a
situation where the car industries from
BMW to Daimler to Volkswagen in Hannover
and Munich are effectively governing and
even in the government in the form of
the Chancellor Angela Merkel helped
broker a deal late last summer when the
major manufacturers committed to steep
reductions in damaging emissions to the
environment a Volkswagen company video
shows actions taken to remedy what many
considered to be a public relations
disaster the automotive industry is very
important to Germany creating many jobs
and export revenue helping to make it
the motor economy of Europe which
explains why the ethical questions now
being asked of BMW Daimler and VW have
such potentially profound implications
dominic kane al jazeera berlin
