thank you and God bless america
good night for many people it wasn't the
text of Donald Trump's State of the
Union speech that made headlines instead
it was his unscripted comments as he
left the chamber referencing a secret
memo purporting to show top law
enforcement tools were used for
political purposes in the 2016
presidential election it's a classified
memo written by top Republicans and
members of the House Intelligence
Committee the allege shows a misuse of
power by the FBI and Justice Department
under the Obama administration while
investigating the Trump campaign during
the u.s. election Republicans on the
House Intelligence Committee voted on
Monday to release the classified memo to
the public despite protests from
Democratic lawmakers and the Department
of Justice the memo and the partisan
decision to make it public have only
intensified the controversy surrounding
the inquiry by special counsel robert
muller into accusations of russian
election meddling and potential
collusion with the trump presidential
campaign democrats argue it is all part
of a wider effort by Republicans and the
White House to undermine the mulher
investigation by continually raising
questions about its fairness this week a
top FBI official announced he was
stepping down after Trump personally
criticized him on Twitter for having
ties to the Democratic Party and recent
reports suggest Trump himself wanted to
fire Muller fake news though they do
New York is big story the Russia
investigation has clouded Trump's
presidency from the start yet as Trump
checked off his list of what he sees as
successes in his first year there was
barely a mention of Russia in his State
of the Union speech and despite an
almost unanimous vote by legislators to
further sanction Russia for interfering
in the u.s. election the White House on
Monday decided not to move ahead with
those sanctions the White House has
received the classified memo and says
it's under review the president now has
five days to make good on his promise to
make it public
Kimberly halket al Jazeera Washington
