a big stage and a chance to make good on
a big campaign promise US president
Donald Trump announced a newly signed
executive order he will keep the
controversial Guantanamo Bay military
prison open in the past we have
foolishly released hundreds and hundreds
of dangerous territories only to meet
them again on the battlefield including
the Isis leader al Baghdadi who we
captured who we had who we released both
of those statements are just not true
ISIL leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi was
released in 2004 by Iraq and according
to the u.s. Director of National
Intelligence of the 714 Gitmo detainees
that have been released 121 are
suspected of returning to the fight
that's around 17 percent the executive
order says detainees can be transferred
to the prison but it doesn't mean they
will be it gives the Secretary of
Defense 90 days to decide if anyone
should be sent there a decision to do
that would be controversial too many
across the globe the international
community needs to condemn the latest
statement from Donald Trump President
Trump saying that he will keep the
prison open we know it doesn't work we
know it costs a vast amount and we know
that the human rights abuses are
manifold and it's a stain on any justice
system there are 41 detainees still
being held in Guantanamo the majority
have not yet faced trial and even those
cleared for release are facing an
uncertain future as the Trump
administration decides if others will
meet the same fate Pattie Colleen al
Jazeera Washington
