that's in your net that yield Ries is
paying his mobile phone bill 40
Bissell's or roughly $3 for unlimited
calls for the month as a municipal
employee in the town of somethingness in
southern Mexico that US drone is his
most valuable tool for coordinating
public works up until a few years ago
however something nests population 750
was just one of countless areas left in
the dark by telecom companies that was
until a non-profit group called the
indigenous communities
telecommunications network came to town
it has helped a lot not only for this
community but for the people of two or
three neighboring towns who come here to
use the service there's been a big help
for years the plea had gone out to cell
service providers to expand their
coverage but without a profit incentive
telecom companies aren't known for
making investments in rural villages
some estimates suggest that more than
40% of Mexicans live in areas outside of
cellphone reach but with the
installation of two antennas and a
single call routing system half the
population of something nests isn't how
connected at a price they can afford
there is a problem however the Mexican
government has charged the nonprofit
group who built the network nearly 1
million pesos about fifty two thousand
dollars to operate with ESA you can make
a thousand calls in a month and it won't
generate any cost it's only gonna cost
you if you call long-distance so don't
think it's far but as we say the
government is the government and they're
always trying to apply their taxes
through the mobile phone network the
people of San Thais can finally contact
emergency services make long-distance
calls or simply order a cab members of
low-income communities invest their own
money to create the network locally
sourcing materials to build an entire
communications infrastructure the result
is mobile phone and Internet services
and an almost 98 percent lower cost than
other providers in Mexico
the network is still new and far from
perfect but locals seemed thrilled to
have any service at all for public
workers like that eel the user own
network is about more than just
connectivity
it means the members of his community
are being better served ma non troppo no
al Jazeera Oaxaca Mexico
