Britain's relationship with China is
complicated by history
this is the remains of Beijing's old
summer palace ransacked and looted by
British and French troops more than 150
years ago
Chinese people are taught not to forget
it
Vishal Bhardwaj we should try every way
to get these things back from Britain
there are all China's national treasures
there are ours Britain should return the
things they looted from China because
they belong to China as she embarks on a
three-day tour of China Theresa May will
have larger concerns than historic
grievances she's here on a mission to
increase British trade with China that
need is growing quickly following
Britain's decision to leave the European
Union
she should have tried to convince
Chinese leader that she's okay and her
government he's okay
and he will she can you know provide any
I mean efforts to have a stable and a
smooth sprack seat and especially doing
the practice braclet process there will
not be any negative impact on China
Britain relations 13 billion dollars
worth of trade deals were signed on
Wednesday significantly the prime
minister said in spite of her earlier
reported reservations Britain would now
cooperate with China on its one belt one
Road initiative President Xi Jinping's
pet project a joint media conference
with China's Premier Li Keqiang was
dominated by questions about Britain's
future after brexit we're determined to
ensure that we get the best brexit deal
for the United Kingdom and that means it
is it will be a deal that will ensure
that we take back control of our money
of our laws and our borders but we're
also able to maintain a good trading
relationship with the EU for the future
because that is good for both the United
Kingdom and for the European Union do
you hope you no matter what changes may
happen in the UK's relations with other
parts of the world China will remain
committed in its policy of developing
friendly relations with the UK
and I have faith in the brighter
prospects of China UK Thais Theresa May
won't be going to Hong Kong the former
British colony returned to China more
than 20 years ago and where calls are
growing for her to address concerns
about threats to political reform
judicial independence and human rights
Mae said that a so-called golden era in
relations had now intensified the
outcome of her visit will determine by
just how much Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
