now on to other world news and to
British lawyers are calling for Saudi
Arabia to be suspended from the UN Human
Rights Council after investigating the
arbitrary detention of activists in
Saudi Arabia they'll submit their report
to the council in Geneva it accuses the
Saudi government of targeting human
rights activists and political
dissidents who try to exercise their
right to free speech
Rodney Dixon is one of the report's
authors he hopes it will encourage
countries to put pressure on Saudi
Arabia to truly reform we were
commissioned to look into exactly what
has happened and presented a legal
report on it and our main recommendation
is that steps should be taken by the
General Assembly to suspend the
government of Saudi Arabia from the
Human Rights Council it being completely
contradictory and ironic for a
government with systemic patterns of
abuse as we've highlighted in the report
to be sitting on the council and in fact
previously to have have chaired the
council we're hoping it will galvanize
many states to recognize the problem and
to confront the government about the
situation in their jails and in that way
put pressure on the need for real change
not supposed reform but the real change
and then what we are hoping of course it
depends on the states in the General
Assembly is that that that suspension
will act as a major lever on the
government there to clean up the act and
to make a proper new start all right
joining us now is I'm a bench emcee
whose communications an advocacy
director for the Middle East and North
Africa at Human Rights Watch he's via
Skype from New York thank you very much
for your time sir
Saudi Arabia ironically currently chairs
the Human Rights Council how likely is
it that they'll be suspended and you
know how is the UN General Assembly
going to be handling this issue you
think well I can speak for the UN
member-states what I know is that we in
Human Rights Watch and Amnesty
International have called for the
suspension immediate suspension of Saudi
Arabia's membership rights on the UN
Human Rights Council since more than a
year actually dates back to June 2016
because of the
Croesus human rights violations and laws
of war violations that the coalition led
by Saudi Arabia was committing in Yemen
this call now is for another reason but
it's also a good reason because dissent
is suppressed in Saudi Arabia and in a
very frank and and outdoor way I mean
the Saudi authorities are not even
hiding their motives what's most
extraordinary is that the government
doesn't hide its motives its inclination
to suppress free speech just look at the
charges against human rights activists
do you think that these various calls
from your organization's and other human
rights groups are not having an effect I
mean do you think this threat of
suspension from the Human Rights Council
might put any sort of pressure on the
Saudi government I think the Saudi
government is sensitive to its
reputation across around the world
I think Crown Prince Mohammed bin Said
man is trying to bring himself as a
reformer as someone who is going to
change and bring about change and hope
for young Saudis by taking decisions
like a lot of women to drive opening
cinemas and so on but what we say is
that this cannot hide the grave
situation of human rights in the country
and the fact that multiple activists are
I mean at least 15 according to our
accounts and maybe more now that this
new report has emerged our jail solely
for the human rights activism and this
is absolutely not acceptable and I mean
the efforts of the crown prince to brand
himself as a reformer cannot fly in the
face of such blatant human rights
violations let's talk a bit more about
the alleged abuses that are being
committed the two lawyers in their
report say 61 people were arbitrarily
detained or disappeared by the Saudi
kingdom's authorities are these isolated
incidents what sort of abuses are we
seeing
I cannot address the reporter by these
two gentlemen because it was it has just
surfaced that we didn't investigate
those specific claims what I can talk
about is the background of human rights
violations and the repression against
human rights defenders and activists in
Saudi Arabia I can tell you it is fierce
until today at least 15 noted human
rights activists are behind bars
including what in the world
muhammad ali including rice by the way
so helpful to me and others and these
have been jailed only for peacefully
claiming reform and human rights I mean
again look at the charges facing
Mohammed ibn Abdul Lata we were the two
latest human rights activists who were
sentenced to to jail 14 years and seven
years respectively when you look at the
charges it's it's it's incredible I mean
they have been jailed for quote
participation in forming an OC and
Association and announcing it before
acquiring the necessary license or
making international human rights
organizations hostile to the kingdom by
publishing on social media reports about
the kingdom these are the motives for
which people are jailed during 14 years
and seven years respectively in Saudi
Arabia this is really serious I'm in
binge MC a question here from one of our
viewers do you think the human rights
situation in Saudi Arabia right now is
worse under this new Crown Prince or is
it improving a little bit under the new
Crown Prince it is definitely not
improving many people are jailed for
their peaceful activism what is
happening in Yemen is absolutely
atrocious I mean millions of people on
the verge of famine the worst
humanitarian crisis ever because of a
many blockade and war effort that
violates all they are many of the laws
of war and this is all under the
guidance of the same crown prince who
brands himself as a reformer so no we
can definitely not say that the
situation is getting better thank you
very much for speaking to us I'm a bench
MC of Human Rights Watch joining us
there from New York thank you for your
time thank you
