Yemen has further split with Aden under
the control of southern separatists the
internationally recognized government is
confined to the presidential palace so
how does that complicate the saudi-led
war against Houthi rebels and is Yemen
on the way to inevitable partition this
is inside story
hello there and a warm welcome to the
program I'm Norah Kyle Yemen appears on
the verge of disintegration with three
major factions now battling over the
fate of the country the internationally
recognized government has been forced
from its headquarters in Aden by
separatists seeking to carve out their
own state in the south
fighting broke out after the government
ignored a separatist demand that the
Prime Minister and his cabinet be
dismissed
Prime Minister Ahmed obeyed when dagger
was widely blamed for food shortages in
the region it's a major blow to a
president avid Rabbu Mansour Hadi who's
already battling Houthi rebels in the
north with all those signals divisions
in the saudi-led coalition whose support
is essential to Handy's war effort the
saudis back Haddy but their allies
United Arab Emirates have thrown their
weight behind the southern separatists
it's complicated
Yemen is deeply divided with several
groups fighting for control Houthi
rebels have been battling the government
for years
in 2014 they took control of the capital
sana in the country's north the
internationally recognized government is
backed by the air power of the saudi-led
coalition and up until this week it
ruled from the port city of Aden but
that's now in the hands of a third
faction southern separatists supported
by the United Arab Emirates South Yemen
was an independent country until 1990
and a nationalist sentiment there
remains strong al Qaeda and other armed
groups are also active in the region
holding pockets of territory in the
north and the south so let's take a
closer look at the separatists well
they're loyal to the southern
transitional council STC and want the
restoration of an independent South the
STC was formed in May last year by a
former governor of Aden
idara Salva body had been ousted by the
Hadi government over accusations of
disloyalty until recently the government
and the STC had been united against a
common enemy the Houthi rebels but the
battle over Aden represents a new split
in the already fractured country well
here to help us make sense of all of
this are our guests in London Bharat
Shah ban the Yemen project
for the international human rights group
reprieve also a former member of Yemen's
National Dialogue from 2012 to 2014 and
from Washington DC Nabil Corrie a former
deputy chief of mission with the US
Embassy in Yemen a very warm welcome to
both of you
burrow we've got the Prime Minister and
his government holed up in the
presidential palace at this stage do you
see it likely that they're actually
going to leave the city of Aden I don't
think so I was in touch with them area
today and yesterday they confirmed again
but they're not eating Aden what seems
to be the situation right now is that
they are still in the government the
government's a presidential palace they
are confined to two districts amongst
Aden 8:8 district and they're waiting to
hear back from the president India who
is currently meeting with the with
primarily with the with the with the
Saudis and until then they're waiting to
hear to hear what's what's next the
situation is basically have been
escalating since two years both groups
the presidential forces and the SDC
forces have overlap in control over the
city and they're actually not
coordinating with with each with each
other and efforts to merge them together
have repeatedly repeatedly failed one
group is back by the UAE and that's the
SVC
and the other is about and supported of
course by by by Saudi Saudi Arabia and I
think it was inevitable to happen okay
because simply you cannot have two
forces controlling the same area and
then eventually the rice okay now pls
bring you in there because I wonder why
efforts to merge these two groups have
failed why do the separatists now want
to bring down the hardy government well
as bara said there have been tensions
between these two groups it's a question
of leadership it's a question of taking
control
of an area but frankly I don't think
either side can take full control in the
end this is a failure on the part of
Haddie if there were any doubts
remaining of his lack of competence and
lack of leadership these events should
shed these doubts he is a man of the
south and if in the South he cannot lead
and he cannot appeal to people to be
unified then he cannot lead anywhere and
this fig leaf of legitimacy should now
be totally removed okay I mean it was an
uneasy alliance wasn't it Nabil because
had he might be a man of the south but
he wanted unity in Yemen and that's
diametrically opposed of course to what
the southern secessionists want I'm not
sure that he really wants unity I think
he is content to stay in Riyadh and be
well fed and taken care of he presides
over a corrupt government since he
supposedly was legitimately elected he
has brought nothing he has contributed
nothing to the country he's been a
disappointment to everybody even to his
closest supporters and advisers he
should just step aside and frankly I
don't think although on the surface this
looks like a proxy war between Saudi
Arabia and UAE I think there is actually
connivance between the two the Saudis
have not really lifted a finger to help
their protege mr. Hadi
and I think they're probably in
agreement with the UAE to let them start
some kind of a state late' in the south
that would be presided over by a puppet
government led by zubeida okay that's a
really interesting point I want to get
on to the Saudi UAE alliance in just a
moment just before we do that barrage
want to pick up on what Nabil was saying
about Haddie do you agree that he's
essentially checked out that he's quite
happy sitting there in Riyadh to let the
South sort itself out on its own or do
you think he's going to come to the
Prime Minister's aid I mean I partially
agree and partially disagree I think
Hadi supports a federal federal system
the main issue is that why had he hasn't
been able to to to return is basically
the husband that has been mounting
challenges including himself being
prevented to enter the city of Aden in
mid-2017 by the by the SCC and to remove
tensions he decided to to go to the
other until further discussions between
the two groups conclude to something
fruitful and that didn't happen so I did
I do agree with him partially that he
takes a part of the blame or even a huge
part of the blame for many of the of the
events and his inability to lead in
these I think crucial crucial
circumstances however is in in regards
to its legitimacy the main issue is that
there is no other legitimate forces or a
clear political process that I can say
this is we are a point a with Hadi and
this is where we're going to go and to
point B and until that happens how he
will remain will remain a president and
it is a complicated situation unless we
have a clear plan of how our goal is to
elect a new leadership to the of the of
the of the country similar to what
happened in 2011 and 2012 when the GCC
stepped in and provided at least some
somehow a clear map of a transitional
process a plan that this is not the case
right now right now you have fighting in
the in the north with the duties you
have tensions in the in the in the south
and you have almost 17 front lines
active front lines where clashes are are
happening so I think this what's
happened is even further complicates I
think the situation and doesn't help if
anyone wants
according for Heidi to remove what
happens even complicates it further and
doesn't help even for happy to be
removed anytime soon
let's look at the UAE and Saudi and the
the size that they're backing but our
why is it that the Emirates has thrown
its weight behind the sudden separatists
I mean it's been trying to recruit or
pushing to recruit southern militias who
are acting independently of the Saudi
back forces for the best part of the
last year so why is it chosen that
particular side I'm not sure why
specifically that they choose that side
but the UAE has a lot of distrust to and
many of the members of the is life forty
who are very influential player in the
current dynamics in Yemen they're very
close to Heidi and have decided to join
the fight against against against the
beauties
now the UAE do share with them that goal
and with the with the Saudis as well
they do agree that they have all of them
together NGO duties but the UAE in
addition though wants a result where I
think Islam would be a dominant player
in the in the current in the in the
future in the future of Yemen in the
South if the SDSU now is the most
influential power with the concern with
the continuing support of the UAE of
course that would weaken is lot on the
other the other and the other groups
however the problem is that this
approach is unsustainable it doesn't
help to whenever the government will is
close to bringing some stability to the
ground and earlier this month in January
the prime minister announced the Fiske
appearance budget which is for the first
time since three years and announced
that the Parliament would meet to
approve the budget so we was trying to
bring some order at the local level very
simple basic basic order these tensions
arise so I think at the long run we are
the the continuation support of further
and other groups outside of the straight
state structure will definitely weaken
this thing okay the bill given that you
suggested the idea that Saudi in the UAE
and are in agreement here would you then
follow up that sound
would support the STC and abandon Haddie
and and what is essentially the legal
the internationally recognized
government of Yemen I think the Saudis
are trying to find a face-saving way of
dumping Haddie Saudi leadership and the
UAE s for that matter are both very
opaque and hard to judge what the real
intentions are they certainly don't tell
you that in their official
pronouncements but sometimes the lack of
action lack of even verbal support tell
you a lot in a situation where Hadi is
being totally excluded from the South
and his government is holed up in a
small area and the presidential palace
in Aden there has been very lukewarm
support from Saudi the spokesman even
suggested that perhaps had the ought to
listen to the demands of the south
really I mean this is not something new
he should have been listening to them a
long time ago the UAE has thrown its
military support behind sue Bedi the
Saudis have not of course the Saudis
don't have any soldiers in Yemen but
they do have mercenaries under their
control and these are not being
mobilised to help the head aside
therefore and there there is strong
friendship between MBS and Mohammed bin
Zayed in the UAE and I doubt that they
are working at cross-purposes here I
think they are talking every day and I
think that the Saudis are probably going
to eventually let a state let in the
south be formed and hope that they can
press the war against the north and
eventually establish a northern state
that they can live with along their
borders I mean this is a country where
allegiances shift all the time but if we
look back Massoud is really pushed for
the unity of Yemen back in 1990 so it
would be quite
turn around wouldn't it for them to now
support the separatists but perhaps they
see that as the better option when they
want to fight the Houthis in the north
yes I mean at this point it's very hard
to maintain unity in in Yemen certainly
there hasn't emerged a yemeni leader in
Elson Mandela let's say who can really
through charisma and and strong appeal
unite the people and keep them together
lacking that the Emirates and the Saudis
are not able to influence him any
politics that much and certainly do not
appeal across the board I think you know
in addition to to had his failure as a
national leader one has to say that the
Arab coalition has failed and the Saudi
leadership they have after three years
of using all the mercenaries that money
can buy using the best military
equipment that they bought from the US
and the UK that's all they have to show
after three years is a divided country
and chaos cholera spreading diphtheria
malnutrition the country is in such a
mess that if this is the new leadership
that we expect in the Gulf and the Arab
world I must say we're in pretty bad
shape okay because as you say after
three years of this fighting if we look
at the map that we saw a little earlier
at the beginning of the program we see
that the Saudi forces the hadith or the
saudi-led coalition do control the vast
majority of Yemen but if you peel back
that top layer will find when we borrow
that it's actually controlled by a
patchwork of tribes such as the nature
of Yemen so one wonders and perhaps one
needs to ask how strong those tribal
loyalties are now to the Hadi government
well I mean for a long time the forces
were fighting the Houthis shared
one common goal there are activities and
many of them then joined for many
different many different reasons if you
if you come to the Southern Movement
they want to push authorities because
they see them as northerners who have
invaded their land if you talk about the
troubled coalition in the north they
view them as simply as people from
outside again outside their immediate
territory and our pushing them out of
their out of their areas so there are
many different interests into why this
coalition that they came came came
together however I think the the problem
is that there is a lack of first of all
a clear political leadership from all
spectrums say this is our vision to to
Yemen moving forward and since that's
not the case and you need a vacuum and
that I can gets filled with many
different other ideas and other and
other plans
and then you have many groups who can
say like I have my own plan and I can
just push forward for the SDC they felt
that with the current movements of Ahmed
bin double the Prime Minister he is
trying to have more control over their
their areas away he went to he went to
at the end he went to that he was trying
to mobilize support around with the
governments and the final thing is that
when he called the Parliament to
actually held in sessions inside inside
inside Aden it was with them again a
push they felt against their vision
towards towards in the independence it
will make things further I think further
are complicated but the again when we
talk about the humanitarian situation we
talk about a complication
we need a functioning state the the the
problem is that there is no clear
political process by any of the people
and in the international community who
supported Yemen during the transition in
this critical time of Yemen everyone
leader seems to have felt like they have
abandoned the abandoned the the country
and they're waiting for some miracle to
miracles or happen fara jump in there
because I know that you're talking about
this clear vision
you were a member of the National
Dialogue in the years between the
uprising in 2011 and the start of the
war at Europe until 2014 was that a
missed opportunity to settle southern
secessionists demands for one thing to
create this clear political vision that
you're now saying the country so
desperately needs well the National
Dialogue did achieve what was it was set
forth it did come out with the draft
constitution the problem is when we were
supposed to vote for her for coming
Constitution the houthis staged a coup
against against the against the
government and dragged unfortunately the
entire country into it into a civil war
and until today were all hostage to that
to that Civil War and this is the
problem this is quite a problem I think
the National Dialogue did bring out a
clear vision into how a man should look
like a clear vision into how the federal
system would would would work how is the
system with the balance of power between
the regions and the central and the
central and the central government but
it's only effective if we had if we were
able to get it through through a
referendum and that's not the case and
the abandonment of by the international
community to back that process quite
clearly unstrung Glee like they did from
the years 2011 and till 2014 makes
things further complicated it doesn't
make things work it didn't help when
they're all waiting for some miracle to
happen by Saturday's or by the UAE and
say well by the way
Heidi is weak and the and the under
country and the country is doomed Nabil
is Bora alluded to or mentioned earlier
this is the world's worst humanitarian
crisis that we're seeing in Yemen due to
this war how is this new split this new
level of violence going to be affecting
aid operations which were already
severely hampered in the country means
as a population that's already on its
knees well again I mean I seem to be
blaming everybody here first the failure
of Hadi second the failure of the Arab
coalition and Saudi leadership and now
the UN and the world the international
community has let Yemen down starting
with
the Trump administration here in the US
they have shown zero caring about the
Yemeni people and their suffering and if
they had the slightest bit of concern
they would have pushed for a strong
diplomatic solution and believe me with
with strong American backing and
pressure on the Saudis they could bring
this war to an end and they could go
back to a negotiated solution now look
you know Bora is part of a new vibrant
and very promising generation in Yemen
there are young Yemeni men and women who
are leaders of civil society who are
leaders in in the media and who are
spreading the word about what's going on
in Yemen they're doing a very good job I
commend them unfortunately it doesn't
seem to be their time yet to take over
the reins of power in Yemen the problem
with the national dialogue at the time
conducted by UN envoy Jamal benomar is
that it was concerned with a
constitution with refinements but there
was no real power braking power
brokering arrangement to get everybody
the main leaders of those who counted
who had soldiers on the ground to agree
on how they were going to share power
once you need that first then you can
come up with the most beautiful
constitution you want and you should
promote the new generation in Yemen but
I'm afraid that the time has not yet
come and we are looking at a few more
years of bloodshed and suffering per
hour would you agree with that then
we're a long way off from any sort of
resolution here and that the longer the
war grows goes on the more likely we are
going to see the breakup of Yemen well I
mean I agree that
I think we're not any fun closed way to
a resolution and to a clear and
sustainable clean sustainable solution
the conflict is still still ongoing but
again we cannot just wait wait and see
and say that's that's that's that's the
end of it it was a similar situation I
would remind this but Naveen in twenty
twenty ten when everyone felt like asada
is handing over power to his to his son
and the country is doing that there's
nothing to do to do about it
it took took initiative and took a lot
of effort and then the international
community stepped in and strongly backed
back to a clear process between 2012 and
2022 or teen so I think the burden
relies on the same groups who were able
once to mobilize themselves in 2011 to
come together and say now this is the
time to come to come together with a
clear plan the difference with Yemen
that we have some sort of a plan we have
some sort of an idea how to move from
the current situation through our
federal as a federal system we need to
support the local the local system at
the local level so they can support and
having a functioning and lower order at
a local level and I think that in the in
the future if the southerners were still
unsatisfied then they can have the right
sort of random but from reaching from a
points a until that at that time we need
a lot of work and we need a strong
commitment and strong work even by the
international community okay
what seems to be happy to your apologies
for coming in - you do hope that the
people who matter are listening and will
take action on your advice many thanks
both of you for joining us today for
very interesting discussion indeed bara
Shaban and Nabil Horry and thank you too
very much for watching you can see the
program again any time by visiting our
website let's aljazeera.com and a
further discussion do go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com for /aj inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ inside
story from me
Laura Kyle and the whole team here
bye for now
you
