an exhibit at the Museum in Washington
DC is currently showcasing the work of a
young photographer who spent three days
with the US Marines at the 1968 Battle
of way they bloody a single Battle of
the Vietnam War John Olsen starring
stripes photographer or the Tet
Offensive tells us about his experience
I'm John Olsen I'm co-founder of a
business name 3d photo works this is a
series of photographs I made as a young
combat photographer in 1968 during the
Tet Offensive in 1967 I was a 19 year
old US Army draftee in Saigon with an
incredible job I was the only
photographer assigned to the newspaper
Stars and Stripes I'd heard that the
Battle of Wei was vicious fighting there
I was met by a number of 18 19 20 year
old Marines and I spent three days with
them they were taking heavy casualties
and it was a totally new experience Tet
is the Vietnamese new year that
celebrated every year and in 1968
January 31st was the beginning of Tet
the ancient city of Wei was thought to
be a significant target if the North
Vietnamese could capture that the
populace would rise up and the and the
country would follow and in 1968 there
was a surprise attack the North
Vietnamese and the and and the Vietcong
launched attacks throughout all of South
Vietnam there were more than a hundred
cities and an outpost attacked and the
city of Wei was overrun it was something
no one expected on the morning of
January 31st 1968 the Marines were sent
into way to do what they called was a
mop-up of a couple hundred North
Vietnamese when they got there they were
met by 10,000 heavily armed and heavily
dug in enemy it's the only exhibit that
I'm ever aware of where we can look back
in time
50 years and see 18 19 and 20 year old
men and then jumped forward 50 years and
hear how this battle affected the rest
of their lives
