got to go for a president who wants to
unite the country his journey to the
Capitol in Washington was marked by
protests inside a much warmer welcome
for Donald Trump the State of the Union
traditionally when a president lays out
his vision for the future the state of
our union is strong for Donald Trump a
chance to look back at a tumultuous
first year he boasted about his economic
successes since the election we have
created 2.4 million new jobs including
including 200,000 new jobs in
manufacturing alone but he talked about
cutting black unemployment it was a
stunning reaction from some Democrats
the road over immigration helped close
down the government earlier this month
he appealed to Democrats to what with
him and Republicans to finally sort the
issue so let's come together set
politics aside and finally get the job
done and as he talked about teen
migration there were audible boos
under the current broken system a single
immigrant can bring in virtually
unlimited numbers of distant relatives
under our plan he talked about the
battle against ISIL claiming huge
success the pledging there was more to
be done and of the need to invest more
in America's military in a line not
trailed by the White House the president
revealed a new policy on the detention
camp at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba
overturning a decision by Barack Obama I
just signed prior to walking in an order
directing secretary matters to keep open
the detention facilities in Guantanamo
Bay and after a UN vote which criticized
the u.s. decision to recognize Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel there was a
clear threat to those who stood against
his administration I am asking Congress
to pass legislation to help ensure
American foreign assistance dollars
always serves American interests and
only go to Friends of America enemies
there was no mention of the Russia
investigation but there was mention of
Iran and North Korea but the president
ended with a familiar message and it's
the people who are making America great
again the Democrats reply came from the
son of a famous family Congressman Joe
Kennedy whose great-uncle was President
John Kennedy their record is rebuked to
our highest American ideal the belief
that we are all worth that we are all
equal that we all count Donald Trump
wanted to bring the country together
and believes this speech will help
Democrats want to see if his actions
match his intentions Allen Fisher al
Jazeera Washington
