guitar is a strong partner and a
longtime friend in the United States a
message of support from the US Secretary
of State to the state of Qatar who
didn't get the same treatment from Rex
Tillerson boss at the start of the
blockade we asked Qatar and other
nations in the region to do more and do
it faster president Donald Trump
initially sided with the blockading
countries but has since called for the
sides to settle their disagreements he
even promised to help them negotiate but
that was last September and not much has
changed so now these talks resolving
some big sticking points in the
relationship Qatar Airways has agreed to
open its books a big demand of US air
carriers and the sides have signed an
agreement to work together improving
labor laws and preventing human
trafficking in Qatar while here Qatar
sent a kind of message to the US
president in the kind of talk he likes
the most money and business is already
investing more than hundred billion
dollar and the US economy including ten
billion dollars earmarked for
infrastructure for its part the visit
meant the blockade was once again being
talked about in Washington and framed in
a way to highlight that this isn't just
a Gulf issue as the Gulf dispute nears
the eight month mark the United States
remains its concern today as we were at
its outset this dispute has had direct
negative consequences economically and
militarily for those involved as well as
the United States and Qatar also got
something it very much wanted a promise
of protection signing an agreement that
the US would work jointly with Qatar to
deter and confront external pressures to
Qatar's territorial integrity endless
EMAP Harr believes that will be heard in
the region what it does it puts the
United States more
closer together so to speak and it
basically tells the others that are
blockading it that the united states is
not going to really be in your camp
anymore there really hasn't been much
discussion here at the State Department
about how much longer this blockade will
last but they are sending a message with
this meeting signing an agreement that
this is going to happen every year next
year secretaries of defense and state
will be headed to Doha Patti call hane
al-jazeera Washington
