reloading de taking an oath of office
that is not officially recognized he
swears to serve and protect the country
as what he calls himself the people's
president he's basing his oath on the
August 8th general election that he says
he won the election was invalidated by
the Supreme Court which ordered a new
one to be held in October last year or
dinga and his opposition NASA coalition
boycotted that por Tuesday's rally in
Nairobi was largely peaceful and there
was no police presence despite the
government declaring the gathering
unlawful and shutting down live signals
of the country's main television
stations for most of the day the
ceremony itself took less than 15
minutes and left mixed feelings what
today was sort of anticlimactic for the
many many supporters of the opposition
NASA coalition who came to witnesses
symbolic swearing in of Raila Odinga and
his deputy Kalonzo Musyoka and the
reason why people went home so
disappointed is because the other three
main leaders including this colossal
Musyoka were reloading this deputy did
not show up to this event
they later issued a statement saying
their absence was beyond their control
but supporters here say does not look
good for opposition unity we thought why
other leaders will be here to support
board Inga it would have shown us how
strong the opposition is other people we
talked to told us that the important
thing is that Odinga himself Odinga says
he'll use the so called people's
assembly a forum established by the
opposition to operate within county
governments to push for electoral
reforms and other issues last year the
opposition also introduced the national
resistance movement the government has
just declared that movement an organised
criminal group
this Odinga supporters say it does not
matter they've put all their hopes on
him to deliver electron justice even as
they understand that the earth is
largely ceremonial and lacks solid legal
barking Catherine sorry al-jazeera
nairobi kenya
