for several hours it seemed like the
Syria Congress in Sochi would collapse
before it began
Turkish backed opposition figures
refused to participate after arriving at
saachi's Airport overnight offended by
the presence of Syrian government flags
we were surprised to see that none of
the promises were kept needed a brutal
bombardment stopped nor where the Syrian
regime flags and slogans removed from
the conference banners and we have seen
a lack of diplomatic manners from the
host country two hours late proceedings
finally got underway but the chaos
continues during Russian Foreign
Minister Sergei Lavrov opening remarks
in their conference hall in the room
1393 international observers and
delegates from many walks of Syrian life
political religious ethnic cultural and
business they pushed ahead with dialogue
agreeing in the end to embrace 12
principles developed in the UN stalled
Geneva process and to form a
constitutional committee comprising
Syrian government's and opposition
figures but there was no disguising the
absence of the main rebel organizations
among them the Syrian negotiations
committee the key concern that many in
the opposition have had about Sochi and
what's kept plenty of figures away is
that this would turn into a way for
Russia to sidestep the official UN track
to peace well that's something the
Russians have denied strenuously here
saying this was never meant to compete
with Geneva and now they say they are
handing the baton on to stefan de
Mistura it's a task the UN Special Envoy
has chosen to accept the constitutional
committee is to be formed comprising the
government of the Syrian Arab Republic
delegation along with a wide represented
opposition delegation for drafting a
constitutional reform the main tests for
the ultimate success of Sochi are
whether the opposition factions who
stayed away can be persuaded to endorse
its decisions and whether it does
russia says was always the intention
reinvigorate talks in Geneva
Rory challenge al-jazeera Sochi
