they've been making woollen cloth since
1783 and the expertise built up over
centuries by this very British company
in its Yorkshire Factory is now highly
valued by the Chinese today much of the
focus is on markets in the Far East and
it exports more textiles and fabrics to
China than to any other country probably
nowhere else like China in the world
stack up those relationships invest
together do giant projects and actually
move the market on you can see progress
quicker their backs you can in other
it's this company's business is
interwoven with China but the wider
British and Chinese economies are not so
tightly bound trade has grown sharply in
recent years but it's still relatively
small the United States is the largest
destination for British exports China is
only eighth exports to China are worth
about one fourteenth of those to the EU
which Britain will soon be leaving but
China's growing strength is felt in
Britain as elsewhere the arrival of the
first train from China in London last
year a symbol of China's desire to reach
across the world to trade more with
Britain Theresa May has visited China
before and met President Xi Jinping at
the g20 summit back in 2016 but now with
the Prime Minister weak at home and with
new government documents saying that
brexit will damage the economy is there
a danger the Chinese will consider her a
little desperate they clearly have the
upper hand in many ways because they're
a bigger economy three times bigger I
mean they're important to us in ways
that probably weren't before
BRICS it started to happen and so the
best outcome really would be that she
looks confident she's aware of the
strategic importance of this visit as
many many things that China does want
from the UK intellectual partnership
intellectual property a liberal
investment environment and so the best
outcome will be one where everyone comes
away thinking like it's win-win in the
Yorkshire factory they make products
that Chinese want there's now a
lucrative trade in cloth for snooker
tables
the challenge for tourism a on this
visit to convince China and other
countries that the brand of global
Britain still counts for something in a
post brexit world
Barnaby Phillips al Jazeera Yorkshire
