Russia hosts talks to end the war in
Syria but the main opposition stays away
and others are suspicious Russia is the
biggest backer of Syrian President
Bashar al-assad so can it play fair or
will it simply enforce its own vision of
peace this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle a new round of
negotiations to settle the Syrian
conflict is being held in the Russian
resort of Sochi but Moscow may have a
hard time convincing the world it can
act as an honest broker Russian military
might has helped tip the near seven-year
long war into the Syrian president's
favor main opposition has boycotted the
talks and Western powers say sorry could
undermine efforts in Geneva which are
backed by the United Nations and as Rory
challenged reports from Sochi these
latest talks have already got off to a
rocky start the Sochi Congress almost
unraveled before it had even begun with
a group of Turkish backed opposition
figures arriving in Sochi Airport in the
early hours of this morning seeing lots
of Syrian government flags all over the
place and decided in deciding that they
were going to go home unless these were
change cue lots of chewing and froing
between the Russian Foreign Ministry in
the Turkish Foreign Ministry to sort
this out the upshot was that those
delegates did go back to where they came
from but they handed their authority to
Turkish government representatives to
bring to the dialogue here in Sochi it's
been a perennial problem really for all
the various stages of Syria peace
negotiations to try and get the
disparate opposition groups to buy into
it and get on board the problem that
many of them have with sorry
particularly is they feel that this is a
way for Moscow and Damascus Damascus to
push its agenda on the Syrian resolution
squeezing out the opposition voices they
say that basically if this channels
directly into Geneva which is going to
be the ultimate settlement for Syria
then that is probably okay what they
don't want to happen is for Russia to
try and sidetrack Geneva Russia for its
part has always said that that is a
fallacy it has every intention that this
is going to push into Geneva and just
kick start that process once again
well Russia is a longtime ally ally of
the Syrian President Bashar al-assad
supplying his government with armistice
the earliest stages of the war the
Russian military directly intervened in
September 2015 launching airstrikes
against opposition positions that
support helped Syrian government forces
to key victories the following year
including the capture of opposition
stronghold of Al a poem parallel to UN
efforts in Geneva
Russia has initiated its own peace talks
the first were in the Kazakh capital
Astana and three rounds later they are
in Russia in Sochi but what are the
prospects for progress well let's
discuss that point now with our guests
and joining us here in Doha we've got my
own car Berlin he's director of policy
analysis at the Doha Institute for
graduate studies in Moscow Pavel Falcon
how economists with Novaya Gazeta and in
Dubai via Skype dr. Mazen saw off a
Syrian opposition member a very warm
welcome to all of you thanks for joining
us on inside story so pavel we've got
these Geneva talks which were led by the
UN we've got Astana talks which were led
by Russia and Turkey why do we now need
so she talks well this was seen and
planned as a kind of grand conference
that would give the ultimate authority
to the Russia vision of the future of
Syria and kind of solid defy the Russian
Turkish Iranian access in imposing a
solution on Syria that these three
countries want and for Russia of course
the presence of Turkey is especially
important because Turkey is most likely
the key right now in the entire Russian
policy in the region okay imagine you're
a member of the SNC why are you not
there I would never go to Sochi because
this is not a neutral place this is an
occupier who is giving
and civilians in the thousands and
supporting a war criminal who used
chemical weapons where they raped women
as a weapon to make rebel surrender the
rapes continue it was on France 2 with a
documentary that was unfortunately only
aired in France but we are busy
translating it and sending it even to
the Russian people we have no problem
with the Russian people or Iranian
people or American people it's always
the problem with politicians and
extremists including the Jewish people
we have no problem with them we have a
problem with the extremist Zionist
policies of netanyahu so we would never
go to a Mickey Mouse conference where
they invited 1600 people for a one day
of talks that's point 2 seconds per
person nobody is gonna be able to talk
it's just a place to cement the interest
of Russia and pretending it's a an
honest broker when it is not its
interest is in supporting Assad so that
it's 49 year lease on the military base
and the taking of the oil from Syria etc
and the prestige that Putin is getting
now that is in the world stage that's
one of the key factors and how much does
it matter to Putin that key opposition
members are not at Sochi well it's
unfortunate that the opposition didn't
come it's also unfortunate the Kurds are
not there but of course of their
conflict right now were there daguan but
for Russia's I already said it's turkeys
right now the most important player
Russian the whole incursion into Syria
was to solidify base in the
Mediterranean a sea base that we already
had but now is being expanded and much
more maybe even strategically more
important air base in mmmm and of course
what Russia was supported the Assad
regime not just simply Assad per se
but as a kind of stabilized serious
stabilizing factor in Syria that will
provide the Russian bases with a good
backup but all this Russian activity in
the Mediterranean and the Middle East
its main objective has been I mean it's
it's an old strategic Russian game or
gold strategic goal to control the
Straits of the the Black Sea straits for
centuries Russia wanted to have either
took full control or a friendly regime
there and I met Iranian forces to plug
up this these traits in times of war
that NATO doesn't come through and so
now Turkey which seems to be in conflict
increasingly with the United States and
with the Western general pulling it away
from NATO and from the United States
even at some degree would be the jackpot
of Russian efforts in Syria so that
trumps everything else the Syrian
opposition even the Assad regime okay
mom do you agree with that that the
Sochi talks are less about finding a
peaceful solution or a political
solution to Syria more about Russia's
geopolitics well I think I mean of
course I mean you can't bring 1,500
people and put them in one place and ask
them to communicate that is not how
negotiations actually work but I believe
that President Putin right now at this
particular stage is desperate to
translate his military victory in Syria
into a political one he's having
presidential elections like in two
months from now and he'd like very much
actually to capitalize on his win in
Syria in order to to have a very big
election election victory but this is
not going to be an easy task for him
because the Americans in my opinion are
having now more strategy more clear
strategy in Syria we heard we heard
Secretary of State Extension a couple of
weeks ago giving this very important
speech in the / center in Stanford
University California in which he said
that the United States will be staying
actually militarily in Syria and that it
will not actually withdraw from Syria as
it did from Iraq in 2011 and it will not
actually leave Syria after the defeat of
ISIL to the Iranians and he was actually
talking about how to use US military
presence in the east and north part of
Syria enforcing some sort of a political
solution to the Syrian conflict apart
from the Russian one because the Russian
our Russians are trying to impose their
own vision ie keeping Bashar al Assad in
power not because they like Bashar
al-assad as bhavan has said but because
actually they believe that Bashar
al-assad in fact guaranteed their
strategic interest geopolitical
interests in this in this part of the
world so the SUCI and the SUCI in my
opinion conference right now might be
turned into another peace process in
Syria because as you said we have Geneva
we have a Satana and now we are having
suchi so the the a Satana actually was
designed from the very beginning to deal
with military issues the ceasefire the
de-escalation zones and so on and so
forth right now Sochi is going to be
dealing with more political issues like
the constitutions the elections and and
and the likes so now we are having a
third actually process which makes
things even much more complicated for
for any peace
to take place in Syria because we can
see some sort of a competition between
these different processes in fact the
Americans they want very much to focus
on Geneva the Americans and Coe I'm
talking here about France but in Jordan
and Saudi Arabia who actually came up
with the no paper the paper the other
day talking about their vision of the
political that is true they boycotted
Sochi and they in my opinion they they
put pressure on the main Syrian
opposition not to go to sushi because
going to switch you will be actually
giving a legitimacy to Sochi to maybe
replace Geneva something the Americans
the French and the British actually also
the Arab allies Jordan Saudi Arabia they
don't want to see that
madam if political issues are on the
table at Saatchi which they appear to be
does it not concern you and other
opposition groups who have boycotted
that you're not there to be a part of
that process whatever it may be we know
that the agenda is not the right one
they invited 1,600 1,500 of which are
people inside Syria who are either from
the Baath Party or from the security
agencies they are they are not the
opposition they are pretending they are
covering every ethnicity and every group
and every interest and every city in
Syria this is true but they selected all
those who are puppets and pro-government
they are not opposition so the
opposition is diluted way so much that
they are it's insignificant so whether
we go or not we know the outcome the
outcome is going to be something that
Assad and Russia wants dear the the war
in Syria will never end until Russia
versus America decide who won or quit
fighting
Russia is and Turkey are now aligned
because they are fighting for the Turks
now are with Russia because they want to
stop that's for them drums every in
interest this is their national interest
and America on the other hand would like
to divide Syria
whereas Russia wants it to stay on one
country so in that sense we like the
Russian agenda but the Turks and the
Russians want to stop right now the
Turks the KERS whereas America is
pushing the curves because they want the
curse to be used against Turkey
and limiting its power and dividing
Syria because that ensures that the oil
bases and this they will stay forever
and taking the oil in Syria and it is
good for Israel's security to divide and
destroy
the country so until one or the other
settles they either say forget it we are
not going to be able to go in to use the
Kurds and they give up the Americans all
the Turks lose and we I would have loved
to see the Free Syrian Army supported by
somebody nobody has been supporting it
because it is a some solution that does
not involve religion unfortunately
turkey which and Aragon who has a
sympathy to the plight of the Syrian
people for him the number one issue is
the Kurdish issue and also the
Islamization of the revolution the
revolution started with a call for
freedom okay to pick up a lot I think
you made about Turkey there and just as
put that to pepper because father you
said that Turkey was a key player the
most important at the table but many
commentators do say they agree with
Mazen that turkeys key concern now is
the Kurds and it's mainly wanting to see
that border area cleared of Kurdish
fighters and it's not so interested in
the rest of Syria well for Russia it's
important that the Kurds and the
Americans are right now to some extent
at least are at loggerheads and Russia
sees a lot of possibilities arising from
that and also Russian a Special Forces
Special Service officers have been
working in there very much and for some
time in Syria in the center of
pacification trying to work out
agreements or different Syrian fractions
basically Moscow would want to see the
opposition as much as it is being under
one kind of leadership or some entity
that they can easily negotiate with and
if the Turks can take over the
opposition they already control parts of
it and recent weird the gun of saying
the about turkey taking over control not
only of the
order area but also with lib province
which is right now the main leftover of
what the opposition controls inside
Syria
so Russia would want to see of course
Turkey being in charge sort of the
patron of the Opposition in Italy in the
north and then Russia can negotiate
direct with Turkey over the heads of the
Syrian opposition and that's much better
than negotiating and trying to find
deals with the very splintered Syrian
opposition forces but Milan is Russia
interested in being the patron of rebels
in ed Lib attacking Turkey and Turkey is
in fact having a very important leverage
over a very important part of the Syrian
opposition because those people actually
who are now taking part in Suchi or
wahad actually travel to Sochi last
night actually they will they left from
Ankara from Turkey which means that
there has been some pressure on them by
the Turkish government in order to
participate and in Sochi because as we
all know today that there has been this
sort of bargain between between the
Russians and the Turks in which the
Russians they allowed the Turkish army
to enter Syria and to start this Olive
Branch operation against the Kurdish
forces in a nephron in exchange for
putting pressure on the Syrian
opposition or at least part of the
Syrian opposition to participate in
Sochi so we have seen in Sochi - the
major military factions Syrian factions
of the north taking part in Sochi so in
fact yes I mean Turkey is a major patron
of the Syrian opposition or important
part of the Syrian opposition both
military and and the military and the
political one which actually have access
and they have support of the Turkish of
the Turkish government but after all we
don't we shouldn't be forgetting
actually that the president are the one
when we talk about him I mean he is
clearly the president of the Turkish
Republic and he was elected actually to
take care of the interest of the of the
Turkish Republic of the entrance of his
own country not the interests of the
Syrian people so we have been seeing
this shift and changes in Turkish
foreign policy towards the Syrian
conflict from
from the first from the early stages of
this conflict in which he was actually
calling for President Bashar Assad to
step down and until the later stages in
which he actually started to become
their haps more interested actually in
containing the Cordish the Kurdish issue
in the northern part of Syria what do
you think un special envoy for Syria
Staffan de Mistura is doing in Sochi
what's his role there well I think he's
trying to capitalize on this meeting in
Sochi because de Mistura believes that
if he can actually channel that the
outcome of the Sochi conference because
after all he believes that Russia is a
very important part to this to this
conflict and is also a very important
part of solving this this this this
crisis so in one hand he's trying
actually to appease the Russians to
perhaps try to rescue the whole project
of Sochi because had he not participated
it would have been very in might be a
very big slap on the face for the
Russians so he went there on the one
hand to tell the Russians that well I am
trying to help you actually do something
with this so you have to give to give
something and in return this is number
four the Geneva process of course and
number two is he's trying actually to
capitalize as I said on any outcome that
might come out of the Sochi because in
Sochi the people they are going to talk
about almost the same issues that the
talks of Geneva are actually focusing on
two things here the Constitution's and
the elections so if something happens in
Sochi that could actually help them in
Geneva that would be good for him also
to talk the tools and exports this was
not a fair point that so she could make
some progress that could then be carried
to Geneva and helped break the stalemate
with those talks well what will come out
is that if if we put Sochi as a
prerequisite to move on to Geneva fine
let let Putin have his prestige etc but
at the end of the day nobody believes
that Sochi is a legitimate place and
process but let's get over with Sochi so
that we get to Geneva and end the misery
of the Syrian people
unfortunately the there are so many
agendas and and the least of everybody's
agenda is the plight of refugees and the
plight of the people etc hopefully the
Turkish invasion or incursion into Syria
will end within no-fly zone that allows
the two million trapped in Italy and the
refugees in in camps in southern Turkey
to move on and live their life the
ultimate would be of course a peaceful
solution but until those agendas are
worked out I don't see any solution
anytime soon I can until frankly the USA
decide to to end it and have its
stronger role leaving the whole thing to
Russia is not good and to Turkey is not
good because turkey is is not accepted
by the Gulf states because if its
support to Muslim Brotherhood's and it's
not it's the place for the Syrian
opposition who are the Islamists a small
fraction and the America needs to be
involved instead of leaving it all to
the Russians right involvement is not
and the point is that many people are
not involved they're not happy to see
Russia as an honest broker they just
simply don't see it as an honest broker
but it does reflect the reality on the
ground that Russia Iran and the
government Damascus Assad have the upper
hand so therefore that reality reflected
in Sochi is that they're able to lead
the process here the reality in the
ground of course has changed a lot in
the past year but this does not lead
them to immediate peace there indeed
verse it was already just said very
differing agendas around in Syria
the diminishing of the Islamic state
which went into underground though of
course exists there in the underground
does not did not bring a kind of
solution actually it brought more
problems as the other agendas are now
colliding there is also the problem of
Israel of Iran and the asset in his
interests which are maybe more with Iran
than with Russia because Russia is an
ally with Israel and there now I would
with Assad
but acid in Israel and NASA and Israel
and Iran are not ours at all their
enemies so these colliding agendas right
now in Syria may create even more war
than there was before when there was a
uniting kind of enemy the Islamic state
and now there isn't okay unfortunately
mom we have run out of time yeah we
could do a whole nother program on this
I'm sure we will
so many thanks to all of you for joining
us here today on Inside Story in Doha
now on Carlin in Moscow Pavel Falcon
Hauer and in Dubai dr. Mazen Sawa and
many thanks to YouTube for watching and
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website this
aljazeera.com and further discussion do
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com food /aj Inside Story
you can also also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at aj inside
story from me laura Kyle and the whole
team here it's bye for now
you
you
