in LA's busy Koreatown neighborhood
people are following the immigration
debate with a sense of dread right now
there is you know more anxiety and fear
show youn was brought without
authorization to the US by her parents
when she was just five years old so she
has qualified for daca but she resents
the Trump administration's offer of a
deal for dreamers in return for drastic
cuts in legal immigration a massive
border wall stepped up deportations and
the end of policies allowing legal
immigrants to sponsor their family
members to settle in the US it's really
frustrating and appalling that we're
being used as bargaining chips I
wouldn't like to throw anyone else under
the bus and it's really unfortunate that
they're continuing to further attack our
immigrant community like this Koreatown
like immigrant communities all over the
US would be hit hard by President Donald
Trump's proposals according to the US
Census Bureau the number of new
immigrants coming to the u.s. from Asian
countries has exceeded the number of
immigrants from Mexico for the past five
years labor activists can't long says
Trump's comments have inflamed racial
anger toward immigrants I do think that
the Trump rhetoric is not only offensive
to immigrants to communities of color
but it is also a distortion of who we
are as a society who we are as a people
and I do think that it is highly
politically motivated to motivate a base
of people who believe that somehow
immigrants pose a threat to our
lifestyle Alexandra Hsu heads the
Koreatown immigrants workers alliance
it's a dehumanizing policy that is
trying to divide
whereas we need to keep people together
we need to ensure that our multiracial
community and multiracial society can
thrive and we cannot do that with racist
immigration policies in Koreatown fear
for family the community and the
nation's future rob reynolds al jazeera
los angeles
