Donald Trump isn't known for modesty
most people expect him to spend much of
his State of the Union address
highlighting what he boasts as evidence
of success from his first year in office
passing a 1.5 trillion dollar tax reform
bill drops an unemployment and driving
the historic gains in the stock market
get that job the field right now out
he's fired
Trump is known for his off-the-cuff
remarks but the US president displayed
none of that last year in his first
address to Congress and most expected
the US president will appear as what's
been dubbed teleprompter Trump nearing
little from prepared remarks his aim to
sound presidential much as he did last
week in Davos Switzerland there has
never been a better time to hire to
build to invest and to grow in the
United States no issue is more divisive
at the moment than immigration Trump
wants 25 billion to build his wall along
the southern border with Mexico
something he'll request on Tuesday but
there's pressure on him to protect the
children of illegal immigrants as well
the issue is so contentious it recently
shut down the government
as celebrities like popstar Kesha use
their star status to shine a light on
sexual harassment and unequal treatment
of women it's unlikely Trump will
acknowledge the hashtag me to movement
even as his poll numbers continued to be
low amongst women Trump himself has been
accused of sexual misconduct by at least
19 women another president might you
know make some reference to the me to
movement he will not
for obvious reasons but again I think
that's a mistake
in fact some Democratic lawmakers are
boycotting the address for that very
reason at this forum analysts agreed he
should play up Republican
accomplishments particularly when it
comes to foreign policy I think you're
gonna see the president take quite a bit
of credit for protests in Iran I think
you're going to see the president
rightly take credit for what has
happened with Isis in particular it's
unlikely Donald Trump will mention in
his speech the accusations of collusion
a Russian interference in the 2016 US
election that continued to trouble the
Trump White House Kimberly Hellcat al
Jazeera Washington
