Ameena and her family left their home in
chillip about 300 kilometres away to
find food and security in Mogadishu a
severe drought last year meant they
could not grow any crops and they feared
for their lives as rival clans fought
but there is nobody left in my village
except very old people it was too much
fighting and we had to leave because
there was no food at the peak of last
year's dropped more than 3 million
people were in need of urgent
humanitarian assistance the United
Nations says that numbers dropped but
only by half a million the humanitarian
needs are still very high and we are
still seeing non nutrition levels that
are amongst the highest in the world so
that very much warrants our continued
attention at the same time
the progress that we've made shows that
we have a much more effective response
mechanism in place as compared to 2011
when a quarter of a million people died
three hundred thousand children under
the age of five are malnourished while
the effects of the drought in parts of
southern Somalia including the capital
Mogadishu have eased more assistance is
now needed in the north where there's
been low rainfall and the UN says 2.7
million people will be in crisis between
now and June since the famine in 2011
billions of dollars have been spent on
emergency relief but the government says
it can no longer rely solely on foreign
aid and must find long-term solutions to
conflict drought and the displacement of
people there have been few national
institutions to tackle these challenges
but now the government says it's come up
with a plan last year the government
opened a department to deal with
humanitarian and disaster management and
it's planning long-term investment for
development in rural areas usually the
worst hit by drought we have the longest
in and see a cost as well as we have two
rivers we have fertile land so country
like Somalia is something that could
have been avoided very long
but because of the lack of an
institution since 2019 since 1991 up to
now and that is why we have seen these
drugs keep coming back more funding to
produce food including in agricultural
and Fisheries sectors hopes to break the
impact of drought and the cycle of
suffering but Somalia's government says
it will take time
Femi DiBella al-jazeera Mogadishu
