African Union leaders have been holding
a summit in the Ethiopian capital
corruption conflict and funding for the
55 member bloc tops the agenda but can
the AU bring in much-needed reforms this
is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle the African Union has
been around in some form for nearly 55
years a symbol of african unity in the
post-colonial decades but it's faced
many challenges in this new era where
corruption and conflict continued to
dominate the headlines his new chief
London president Paul Kagame says Africa
is running out of time to save itself
from permanent deprivation he made the
comments at the AU's annual summit in
Ethiopia well this year's focus is
fighting corruption
the UN's Economic Commission for Africa
says the consonant loses 148 billion
dollars a year due to graft that's why
the AU has declared 2018 African
anti-corruption year I'll get to our
guest in just a moment but first Mohamed
Ardo says the story up for us from a
u.s. headquarters in Addis Ababa one
issue that dominated talks of the
African Union summit is that of
institutional and financial reform of
the African Union
these are feeling that the planned
continental body needs to get more
robust and independent in its financing
so that it can make its own independent
decisions another issue that's really
dominated here and the talks here is
corruption there is a feeling that it
has reached some untenable hates 50
billion dollars is lost in the continent
every year through illicit outflows and
there is a feeling among African leaders
that it's time to talk about it because
the East need to create hope for the
thousands upon thousands of young people
who living the continent in search of
hope but looking at the composition of
the African Union membership some of
these leaders have come to power through
fraudulent elections and many are
skeptical whether they can come up with
any measures that can adequately tackle
corruption in the content
well they use new leader Paul Kagame
hopes to implement certain reforms
during his tenure as chairman he's
pushed for member states to pay a 0.2%
tax on imports from outside Africa to
make the AU less reliant on foreign aid
about half of its 55 countries have
signed up the reforms commission has
discussed sharpening the AU's focus to a
few areas and re-evaluating its many
smaller bodies to reflect that it also
wants to encourage more unity across the
continent through an African passport
and African youth groups and the
Commission wants to adopt a process to
make sure members abide by the AU's
decision okay let's bring in our guests
now and joining us in Dhaka Adama gay a
West Africa analyst and in Abuja Abba a
djembe a lawyer and former director of
north-central zone civil liberties
organization a very warm welcome to both
of you
Adama the AU it's been criticized as
inefficient dysfunctional and irrelevant
to most Africans well Kagame is reform
package correct that look that is really
not just an impression but something
that is validated by many facts but we
need also to look at the other side of
the coin today at least with the African
Union the continent as a voice that is
there in existence the whole world look
up to the African Union in order to have
the idea or opinion of the continent
taken an example recently when mr. Trump
accused in very negative terms many
African countries the African Union at
least stood up by sending a message to
him by diplomatic and majestic voices
and that led somehow to mr. Trump
reverting back and saluting the African
country means you can also take into
account some of the other achievements
by the African Union such as the fact
that
no longer accept unconstitutional
changes in African nations that military
rule is now almost rejecting to the
dustbin of history in Africa and at
least this time around even though they
have to implement it they come up with
some ideas of reform including through
the financing of the organization's
activities by African nations themselves
so it's a half-full glass and now it's
necessary to fill the other side of the
glass by African countries themselves
and the African Union is a task to
achieve we miss the cavalry coming to
the pans I suspect that maybe we can see
some efforts and changes coming up okay
do you agree with that other largest and
mr. Khatami is right that the role the
African Union has been playing recently
has been some improvement on what it
used to be but mr. Khatami is wrong
totally wrong where he thinks that when
he has heard that the African Union the
perception of the African Union by
Africans has changed dramatically it
does not because one of the cardinal
objectives of setting up the African
Union is about 50 years of existence
which is the promotion of peace security
and stability in the African continent
has not been achieved in most very many
African countries start with Nigeria
there is massive destabilization of the
populace in the Northeast we heard the
Boko Haram consistently staging the
social life life of the people in the
place between 2015 and now there's been
some appreciable improvement in the
security of lesser property in the
Northeast but there has been replaced by
the climate of instability in the
north-central and also part of the north
is I talked about this like terrible
like Adamo been wind is no central
plateau and the rest so there is a
climate of insecurity even here in
Nigeria
and to Dutch and stamina why do you
think that is - ba you failed on that
count well one of the reasons why we
think that the Lu ought to have played
some more fundamental role is that
there's been massive movement in and out
of Nigeria for instance and other
African countries within the sub region
in a manner that if the African Union
were strong very effective and efficient
they should have been able to stop the
free movement of terrorists from one
country to the other that relates the
integration that we want to see the
cooperation ought to have seen in them
checkmating the activities of terrorists
across this area has not been achieved
and why is this - because one of the
Cardinal another cardinal principle upon
with the early objective of a with the
Ori was found I mean the African Union
has also not been achieved and that is
the integration of the economies and
peoples of the African nation so to that
extent mr. Kagame cannot claim
wholesales victory or achievement in the
area of integration in the area of
perception in a manner that the African
Nationals or to begin to commander I
think that while the Africa the African
Union has done some work there is still
so much more to be done that the African
Union ought to admit it are failed in
doing okay so Adama we've got the this
package of reforms announced by Kagame
one of them is to increase the AU's
efficiency do you think that will then
in turn allow it to better address its
main aim its core aim which is peace and
security for the continent from Nigeria
and unfortunately one of the weakness of
Nigerian Internet is that they are
really limited to their national
approach to issues they look at Nigeria
maybe it's a big nation but it's not
only Africa there are other places in
Africa but the places within Africa that
are very unstable and face
huge conflicts there are many places
that are unstable
we have slavery happening in Libya we
have a migration we have corruption we
have peace and security challenges those
things exist we are not going to hide
them we have to look at the facts in
order to challenge them but if you look
at the African Union today at least it's
a voice that is accepted and that voice
needs to come up with solutions in 2002
the organization was created but barely
if you look after the Cold War ended
there were no mechanism for peace and
security challenges nothing to address
coup d'etat but they all seemed started
being changed in 1993 at the Cairo
summit of the power you mechanism were
put in place in order to launch what is
now the peace and security mechanism
that the African Union is the upside is
as it is cold you have also since 1999
in the Algiers summit of the form of a
you that decision to ban the military
coup makers but we are a far far away
into addressing all the problems of the
continent Africa is not to be alone in
solving these problems because North
forget it is the charter of the United
Nations that is mandating the
organization of African of United
Nations to address peace and security in
the world so Africa should not be alone
blamed you need to bring the UN you need
to put in place the mechanism and you
need above all to make sure that we put
money from the moment first of all let
me just put this one point to you Adama
because it's a common observation of the
AU that there's no shortage of solutions
being found around the negotiating table
in Addis Ababa
but the problem is implementing them in
countries across the continent yes
always of the organization has been
country's language subsidiary level
within the nations of the African Union
they are 54 if you look at Morocco side
55 if you look at the numbers of states
but those are the entities they need to
be effective first of all secondly you
need to select computer to people to run
the organization's and also you need to
ensure that democratic prevails because
democracy we don't have the best and the
brightest the talented and really a
sense of the future history of NDC of
Africa I don't think that we will
deliver but I am NOT the kind of person
who is throw the baby with the bus task
to become more effective and if it does
so I believe you can achieve because
everybody knows to bring you in here
Adama just mentioned goodwill for me
international community wanting to see
the a you succeed but on the issue of
funding which is one issue we need to
certainly discuss I'm wondering if
there's going to be resistance from the
international community on the AU taking
control of its own purse strings the
u.s. the UK EU China Japan Russia all
major contributors to the AU
budget because they then get a say in
African affairs so are they going to be
happy to relinquish control maybe before
I respond to the question of funding
which is fundamental to how the African
Union is going to be perceived from now
going forward I just want to respond to
the comment by my friend there from the
car he started by saying the problem
with Nigerian intellectuals I do not
think he was responding to the comments
I had made those are views that he has
held before today and therefore that
generalization I will let it pass
however some of the comments he had made
simply validate the fact that the
African Union has not performed
optimally and the problems he even
enumerated eclair indications that the
African Union can do more I do agree
completely that it is not our place to
put down the African Union is to
encourage the African Union to do what
is right and when we talk about the
funding of the reforms that palmist
Academy is proposing they are key if you
do know how the funding to implement I
have to go cap in hand begging to be
able to implement the programs I'll help
your people that only some creates a
problem of perception it weakens your
ability to speak truth to power we
believe that the African nations members
of the African Union are capable of
funding the activities of the African
Union if you are dressed some of the
things that militate against the ability
to fund the African Union one of them
being corrosion and it is good that the
African Union has recognized that
corruption in African nations is a key
problem that is why President Muhammadu
Buhari for instance he has been promoted
he's been given the opportunity to speak
to the African people about the question
of fighting corruption now in terms of
also the management of resources in
terms of capacity building in terms of
development of human infrastructure mean
the human capacity of nya of Africans to
be able to deal with the issues how much
of our budget go into this these are the
critical issues that when African
nations gather around the table there
should be able to tell themselves the
truth that we need to do more we ought
to be able to deal with this issue
because the kind of Terry fear mechanism
for them because this idea of getting
0.2% levia tax on imports from outside
of Africa and every country contributing
this amount only half of the 55
countries have signed up to this so is
this something that's going to work to
fund the AU now that shouldn't be a
problem because if you have 35 countries
signing on 35 countries that are
committed to this reforms to ensure that
it works I am sure that between Nigeria
Ethiopia South Africa quite a number of
the African countries that have the
capacity to even support the AU I
believe that the 35 35 nations are
modern enough to be able to show the
reforms are achieved
it is their commitment it is what they
see as they need for it to be done now
quite a number of African countries
don't see don't appear to see the
African Union as their first line of
defense for instance there are African
countries that will first deal with
France before they talk about the Africa
or the African countries why do we have
that because the strength of the African
Union is yet not as it should be and it
can't be so that we have African
solutions to African problems at every
point in time that is not to say we also
later said no country under the Sun
today can stand on its own we need to do
business with all continents of the
world however in doing that we should be
able to do it with respect with dignity
should be able to speak when we ought to
speak not because we are challenged
moving moving it on a little bit we're
looking at president Paul Kagame of
course he led Rwanda out of genocide is
he the right man for the job I've been
reading that he's been called a village
chief trying to use a village style
method in the city and that this doesn't
wash that people are unhappy that he
hasn't been consultative enough with the
AU
process is that true Adama I think mr.
Cattani whom I know is a valid and
effective leader and he has shown that
since he took the reign of his country
wandah after the genocide in April 1994
clearly in a vertical way the country
and he's delivered the goods by bringing
economic achievements even though the
fabric of the country still may be
challenged I think that Democratic
issues are there but for him to take
over at the time when the African Union
need this sizing option the great option
to deliver on the policies of reform and
the financing of the organization is a
good thing but he needs to consult
people not just the heads of states not
just the in generational community you
need to talk to ordinary people like us
because you cannot do economic
integration without the people you have
to do it with them but so far the good
thing is that with the change in time
what we have seen happening now in the
African Union either at least they have
30 of things that matter to people few
years back you talking about democracy
Union hear them talking about fighting
corruption nationalize - rationalization
of the activities of the organization or
looking at peace and security at this
vision effort and miss economic comes at
the right time when it comes now to the
funding let me talk about something I
lived at a cost when I was there we have
difficulties even getting our salaries
because there was no proper mechanism
only voluntary contribution by States
but it was instituted but first this
levy from importation of goods from
outside the region and that's how today
the coerce is being properly funded for
at least paying salaries and that is the
model that the African Union is puppy I
believe it is a slow takeoff but with
the support of mr. Kagame with this
decision
and we understand by the African nations
that they cannot continue begging from
other people support okay
broke from them
to fund the building of their
headquarters like the Chinese have done
ended up counting on the health of
European nations that guide the agenda
of the organization I think now with a
leader who is opportunity and
well-organized
resolute person I believe we can now
begin the serious talk that the African
Union needs okay but it is the time
right now I mean Paul Kagame suddenly
says that the time to change is now but
is that urgency felt across the
continent yes there is a sense of
urgency across Africa because if you see
the level of migration from Africa at
the risk us which Africans are taking to
be able to cross the Sahara Desert to be
able to make it to Europe you know
there's an urgency with which the
African Union must reform African
nations must begin to think of how to
ensure that their sustainable
development in Africa to ensure that the
number of Africans that have been lost
on the through the Mediterranean Sea
through the Sahara Desert in the last 20
to 30 years perhaps put together could
be more than the number of Africans who
died in the trans-sahara and
transatlantic slave trade there is this
urgency with which African nations and
leaders must therefore act I believe the
most mr. Paul Kagame which is
experienced particularly his experience
in bringing to an end a genocide in
Rwanda and the level of progress Rhonda
has made in this number of years is
positioned to be able to assist to
cooperate with order provide leadership
to of other African countries to be able
to see the sense of urgency with which
Africa's most art in any case the level
of instability in Africa today is borne
out of the level of the fact that we
have not been able to get our governance
in this is right once we do that Africa
should be a better place Africa should
indeed be the best place in the world to
reside damas a one-year
from now can we expect the AU to be
different will we be seeing a new
African Renaissance and I don't in the
African Union because that is the
nation's umbrella yeah I'm afraid we
have run out of time very interesting
debate between the two of you so thank
you very much
taking time join us here on Inside Story
Adama gay and Abba and djembe a djembe
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website there's
aljazeera.com and a further discussion
to go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com
AJ inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Laura Kyle and
the whole team here it's bye for now
