anger on the streets of Cape Town over a
water crisis these protesters say the
government should have prevented the
city is completely must managing the
water they're not fixing the leaks
they're not reducing the pressure in the
pipes they are rolling out water
management devices that they know are
defective and they've got no plan the
springs they're not allowing people
access to so they are strangling the
water supply reservoirs haven't been
full for more than three years because
there hasn't been enough rain the city
is limiting each household to 50 litres
of water a day that's equivalent to one
full bath with eight people in the house
up till now we've managed to bring our
water consumption from 19 kiloliters per
month we brought that down now last
month it was a killer litres and we are
doing a little bit more in order to
bring it further down to get it in line
with the 6b restrictions that will come
in on the 1st of February South Africa's
water Minister says climate change is to
blame for the crisis she's urging
everyone to cut back their water use it
is therefore important that all users
play their part in reducing water
consumption the agricultural sector has
made a commitment to make sure that they
explore innovative solutions so that
then there is adaptation to the
realities of climate change
city officials already brought forward a
zero the date when taps are expected to
run dry that day is now April the 12th
nine days earlier than previously
expected it appears that desperate
measures to conserve water are having
little effect
Victoria Gaytan B al-jazeera
