in a distant corner of the British Isles
I drove through a wild landscape to find
an island community that is dying 600
people lived here on Alva in the 19th
century now there are only six including
the owner who's decided to sell it and
Rebecca whose children are at school on
the neighboring island of Mull she fears
a new owner could force her family to
leave over a final blow in the long
decline of this community my husband
grew up here and our whole lives are
invested in this and myself and my
sister-in-law for 11 years and in Belton
up her business
and our children are very happy at the
local skill and I think it would be
devastating for us Alva is littered with
empty houses some long abandoned some
recently far from jobs and services this
is a difficult place to survive but the
remaining Islanders supported by people
on Mull want to buy Alva believing they
can repopulate it make it viable backed
by Scotland's government which has new
powers to change the pattern of land
ownership the aim being to change from
the present situation where very large
proportion of the land is owned by a
very few people which can't be to the
benefit of local communities there's an
opportunity under the land reform
legislation in Scotland for is actually
to make a difference here and we're
going to grab it with both arms the
owner
Jamie Howard whose family have lived
here for 70 years believes the community
underestimate how much investment Oliver
needs better his land agent told us to
find a buyer on the open market if we're
trying to get investors here we don't
want to put barriers in their way we
don't want to frighten them by saying if
you buy here well the community or
somebody else and they come in and stop
you we want to say to people
we're leaving Europe whether you like it
or whether you don't
we're leaving Europe we want to
encourage investment into this part of
the world but Donald who runs the little
ferry to Mull see
the proposed community by out as Elvis
last chance staying on his feet so we
need to get new blood young blood like
him today they help the cool over is
just one tiny island but the conflict of
interests here between local community
and landowner is one that resonates
through the highlands and islands and
through Scotland's history
Scotland's government seems inclined to
give the Islanders time and money to
match the owners price its intervention
being watched far beyond over Barnaby
Phillips al Jazeera in the Scottish
islands
