many people believe Pakistanis or
Iranians aren't refugees and so they
cannot know what's happening in the
border province of Balochistan where
these people come from they spoke out
against tribal leaders there who want
independence and they were threatened
with death so they ran for it
they crossed the Evros River from Turkey
into Greece walked for five days and
ended up sleeping here in Thessaloniki
for months the men had to take it in
turns to stay awake to protect their
wife and sister Kumari better tomorrow
I felt like committing suicide I was
going mad I thought I should have stayed
in my country and let the tribes people
kill me I just wasn't expecting this at
all Nabil got frostbite and thick snow
on the river border he can no longer
bend his fingers but the cliff were
married anyway
I can't even go to the toilet by myself
my brother has to help me there's no way
I can work it's really stressful where
they took us to where they've been
sleeping we realized we've been here
before in November 2016 then it was
different people all suffering the same
things that winter turned out to be the
coldest for decades water froze in the
refugee camps and Greece's lack of
preparation was exposed a full year on
nothing has changed it's due to the fact
that their fundamental rights are being
violated those people don't have house
don't have access to medical care to
accommodation absolutely nothing the
Belloc family got shelter three months
ago through the Norwegian Refugee
Council
Saima is now pregnant but they're only
guaranteed accommodation for three
months more so they could end up back
here again before she gives birth
while the Greek authorities and
charities try to prioritize families
single men have no chance one meal a day
provided by young European volunteers
working off donations and that's it
there's no doubt the big increase in
people crossing the evros River into
northern Greece has simply compounded
the homeless problem here and
Thessaloniki we're told is now
completely full there is simply nowhere
to put all these people the only bit of
good news is that the winter so far
hasn't been anything like as cold as a
terrible conditions this time last year
but if it does get worse Greece could
have a full-blown crisis on his hands
they showed us where they sleep
underneath an abandoned half built
concrete block if the police catch them
here they can go to jail so they dare
not even light a fire presumably when
they sleep they dream of nothing because
that is exactly what they have for lawns
li al Jazeera Thessaloniki
