among the world's climate scientists the
number of those who doubt that global
warming is caused by human activity is
extraordinarily low fewer than 3 in 100
however that's not the impression you
might get from the news media in certain
countries climate change skeptics enjoy
plenty of exposure through which to
propagate their theories such as carbon
dioxide doesn't cause a greenhouse
effect the planets actually cooling or
the climate has always changed you'll
hear those arguments more in some parts
of the world than others much more
because climate skepticism in the news
media is largely confined to what is
known as the Anglosphere the u.s. the UK
australia and to a lesser extent Canada
and New Zealand elsewhere including the
most populous polluting countries China
and India such skepticism is hard to
find The Listening Post will young now
on the curious existence and persistence
of climate skepticism in the news media
there are many questions
what causes global warming is it real is
it can you reverse it the evidence for a
catastrophe is not there we're at the
lowest historical lows for extreme
weather it's old based on a filed
fundamental the fundamental is that it
is the human emissions of carbon dioxide
the draw of global warming that has
never been shown across the United
States Australia the UK fringe opinions
like these make their way into
mainstream discussions about climate
change with striking frequency so what
we've got is a fallacy based on fraud
promoted by fools what surprising isn't
just that climate sceptics still exist
in the face of overwhelming scientific
evidence it's that they get so much
exposure largely in the so-called Anglo
sphere we looked a very large number of
articles more than 3000 a more than 80
percent of the articles that had climate
skepticism in them were found in the US
and the UK compared to the newspapers in
Brazil China India and France this is
quite clear that there are a strong
presence of skeptics in the Australian
and Canadian press as well India world's
third largest emitter of greenhouse gas
emissions there was very very little
climate skepticism there in India the
prevalence of skepticism is actually
very low right now for about 700
articles that I have managed to code so
far about point zero four percent of the
articles even mentioned climate
skepticism what's the genotype from one
on solar I've been a journalist in China
for more than ten years
climate change is my area of expertise
and I found barely a trace of climate
skepticism in the Chinese media there is
a funny contradiction that's
particularly acute here in the United
States where we
here are home to some of the most
influential scientific organizations and
here as well some of the contrarian ism
is most evident and most acute so what's
behind the persistence of climate
contrarian ism in Anglosphere countries
right-wing media moguls came for
business to remain as usual have
certainly played their part the
Anglosphere forms the core of Rupert
Murdoch's media empire and outlets like
Fox News The Wall Street Journal the
London Times The Australian and Sky News
Australia have long provided platforms
for climate skepticism but right-wing
media are only part of the story news
outlets with a reputation for
impartiality like the BBC have also come
under fire for how often they present
fringe views on climate change alongside
those of climate scientists otherwise
known as false balance even if there is
one and there's been no recorded warming
over the past 15 16 17 years well yeah
there is a lot of controversy about that
that's a fact the BBC has had a
particular problem with false balance
for a number of years actually and
particularly the Today programme on
radio for its kind of main flagship
current affairs programmes it was like
Groundhog Day it's probably about every
year or two they'll have another kind of
car crash moment where they invite a
climate skeptic on the predictions made
at the beginning of the era of global
warming alarm have so far proven to be
wildly inaccurate during this past 10
years if anything mean global
temperature average world temperature
has slightly decline well which is which
is it'll be a big round of complaints
the complaints will be upheld etc etc
etc and the BBC is
is now even in the position of actually
having an off column investigation into
the way that it reports climate change
due to this being such an acute problem
the notion that there is balance in the
climate change story that climate
science holds the same weight and
significance as climate skepticism has
been manipulated to great effect
particularly in the United States the
fossil fuel industry there has set out
to sow doubt about the science of global
warming by funding like minded think
tanks who make spokespersons available
at the media's request co2 but it simply
should be now recognized it has no
bearing on the temperature of the earth
there's some members of think tanks who
simply say they are paid to spend in one
case 40% of their their work day
reaching out to the media
one such think-tank is the Heartland
Institute which has received funding
from ExxonMobil Koch Industries than the
American Petroleum Institute Heartland
spokespeople are fixtures in US and
other Anglo sphere media outlets the
same is true for the Competitive
Enterprise Institute which has also been
funded by oil and coal companies one
place you won't find climate skeptic
lobby groups is China Chinese industry
just like the media tends to move in
step with communist party policy as far
as the party is concerned the debate
around the causes of global warming has
long been settled for almost a decade
now China has been the world's leading
investor in clean energy and in his
speech at the ccp's 19th Congress late
last year President Xi Jinping himself
warned of the harm humanity had
inflicted on nature
the official line in China on climate
change is it's very important issue it's
happening and we have to do something
about it and it's very difficult for
journalists to deviate from the official
line on anything so be very unlikely
there's a Chinese journalist or editor
would stick their neck out and say
actually it's not happening we don't
need to do anything about it
over the past decade or so Chinese media
have developed closer relationships with
our climate scientists as a result the
quality of the reporting has improved
considerably
Yoji she will should City Python geo
consciousness are should kamiya kasshin
want another change opioids in under two
e for example now you often see
journalists making the connection
between climate change and local
environmental disasters Shanghai team
will be a hard issue shape your labia
means you do you plan yeah sure oh we
don't air heisting clean th was in the
community cough India to is home to a
sizable fossil fuel sector and like
China it has no industry funded lobby
disputing climate science however the
reasons for that are quite different
India's extractive industries generally
get what they want from government
whoever is in power pushing back against
concerns about climate change simply
hasn't been necessary climate skepticism
is not an organized conversation in that
they're not very large business groups
political parties or any times where you
were very very vocal NGOs vocal think
tanks that have actually been at the
forefront of a lot of the climate
reportage the frequency of cyclonic
storms in coastal areas is increasing
experts believe this is a clear
indication of the effects of climate
change it's difficult to be blind to the
effects of climate change and although
climate skepticism has been a remarkably
resilient industry within so-called
legacy media in online media the picture
looks markedly different one of the
things we looked at was whether digital
born players gave space and voice and
time to climate sceptics and to express
it simply the answer was they didn't and
I think that's to do with their audience
which is very young and we know from
personal attitude surveys and many
countries that young people don't tend
to be very skeptical about climate
change
the influence of online media is growing
but mass media remained the primary
source of information for most news
consumers and in that realm skepticism
still has a place however as the
consequences of climate change
increasingly affect the Anglosphere the
pushback against skeptics is growing
louder and although the carbon industry
continues to pump money into lobbying
and media messaging climate skepticism
is running on borrowed time
