Yemen's prime minister says
secessionists have staged a coup in the
southern port city of Aden that's where
the government had been based for the
last few years there are reports of
several people being killed in fighting
between pro-government forces and
separatists this mobile phone footage
appears to show people arriving in the
city thousands of protesters have been
gathering against the internationally
recognized and saudi-backed government
the demonstrators are backed by the
United Arab Emirates which is supposed
to be in Yemen and all of this is based
on current situation the conflict in
today's Yemen is complicated the country
used to be divided between North and
South Yemen until unification in 1990
but the differences never really went
away since the fight with the Houthis
began in 2015 the secessionists have
fought for control over air in seaports
of Aden last week southern forces led by
the man appointed by President after Abu
Mansour Hadi as the governor of Aden
announced to overthrow hadees'
government major general Idris - body
rejected the deployment of northern
forces to the south now the future of
president Hadi is in question
he has been based in Saudi Arabia along
with his prime minister
I haven't been dollar who struggled to
control southern Yemen despite support
from Saudi Arabia
Yemen's elected government was pushed
out of the capital sana in the north and
now it doesn't seem to have a place in
the south as well sama bin Javed others
air
