from the hills of northern Greece the
places in Turkey where refugees hide out
before trying to cross are easy to see
but crossing countries means crossing
the intimidating ever offs River it is
the Greece Turkey border more and more
refugees are attempting this route even
though they know how dangerous it is
even outside the risk of drowning or
dying of cold in his huge empty spaces
any number of refugees have told us had
been threatened and forcibly turned
around by Greek police acting in
coordination with Frontex the European
Union Border Agency this 18 year old
Syrian was in a Smuggler's boat with his
younger sister the police came up to us
in their boat they told us you can't
cross they made us turn around these two
traffickers claimed they witnessed a
boat load of passengers being shot at
from the Greek side an Ikea
they saw the Greek military if they
threw themselves back into the dinghy
and started going back but the Greeks
shot three bullets into the dinghy and
it started to sink one of them didn't
know how to swim
if his friends hadn't helped him he
would have drowned this Syrian actually
got across walked miles to a village
before being stopped at a road check
point hidden far amia
they said you're Arab and you look like
you're going to go to Europe they looked
around our whole group of nine and took
us all off the bus they didn't beat us
up but they took us back to the river
and pushed us in a boat back to the
Turkish military police all of those
things are illegal under international
law increasingly though it looks like
Europe has given up worrying about such
things the European Commission warned
Greece had pushed facts were illegal as
long ago as 2013 but since then Greece
itself Hungary Bulgaria Slovenia all
built fences to keep refugees out and
many other countries simply closed their
borders and the European Commission did
absolutely nothing about it Greece must
have thought if everybody else is doing
it then why can't we the police who
previously given us access to their
fence and Border Patrol's gave us a
statement denying that they turn any
refugees around
and claim their priority is human
dignity but human rights advocates say
they know push backs happen all the time
and accuse the Greek government of
breaking international law is only one
choice to follow the law if if you start
by passing law means that you're a rule
of law
system is collapsing and this is a
problem that goes together with refugee
crisis we call it the present-day
refugees crisis it was a reception
crisis is a rule of law crisis for
Europe the river itself is regarded as a
military zone on both sides it's also so
remote there is no scrutiny of law
enforcement
what is undeniable as the refugees have
died in large unreported numbers trying
to get across this intimidating stretch
of water and there is no safe route
whatsoever into Europe on the land
border for people seeking asylum and
safety from home
Lawrence Lee al-jazeera on the Evros
River
