when the Israeli Prime Minister spoke to
the UN there was one thing he hardly
talked about the Palestinians he instead
focused on Iran claiming Israel had
discovered a new nuclear storage
facility in Tehran he then went on to
boast about the strength of his
relationship with the trump
administration so I want to use this
opportunity to express Israel's
appreciation to President Trump and
ambassador Haley for the unwavering
support they've provided Israel at the
United Nations the Palestinian President
gave his message the moment he took to
the podium and good place at little
mayor Jerusalem is not for sale
I hope Walker's Sharman and the
Palestinian people's rights are not up
for bargaining he went on to express his
frustration at the actions of the Trump
administration we awaited his peace
initiative without most patients but we
were shocked by decisions and actions he
undertook that completely contradict the
role and commitment of the US towards
the peace process it is ironic that the
American administration still talks
about what they call the deal of the
century the Palestinians believe that by
his actions it's not just that President
Trump is not an honest broker he's
actively on Israel's side and when you
listen to the way at a news conference
before he left New York he described the
man he's put in charge of peace efforts
his own son-in-law Jared Kushner it's
not hard to see why I think the
two-state will happen I think we're
going to go down the two-state road and
I'm glad I got it out and Jared who's so
involved he loves Israel he loves Israel
but he's also going to be very fair with
the Palestinians he understands it takes
two people to be happy to groups of
people to be happy everybody's got to be
happy and that's why it's so tough the
fact he barely mentioned the
Palestinians I think shows the
confidence of Benjamin Netanyahu in
what's going to come out of the Jared
Kushner peace plan which were being told
we
filled in the next four months the
Palestinians meanwhile already I think
believe they're going to have to reject
what's in that plan James BAE's al
Jazeera at the United Nations
