just hours before billionaire Saudi
prince and Walid bin Talal was released
from the ritz-carlton hotel in Riyadh he
conducted an interview with the Reuters
news agency from the suite where he'd
been confined bin tau is one of Saudi
Arabia's most prominent businessman and
one of the world's richest men but he'd
been held for more than two months
accused of corruption in the interview
he described the entire situation as a
misunderstanding there no charges okay
just some discussions with him in the
government you know I mean but rest
assured that this is this is a clean
operation that we have and we just in
discussion with the government on
various matters and that I can't divide
right now because we are in combination
discussion with them the mark burned his
likeness was just one of the many
objects shown as the prince gave a tour
of where he'd been detained bin Talal
arrests in November was part of what the
government called an anti-corruption
campaign ordered by Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman the government says
124 billion dollars is expected to be
seized from more than 200 individuals a
group that is said to include the owner
of the NBC television network as well as
several other senior Prince's observers
say the crackdown has allowed been
summoned to do far more than simply
consolidate power I think there are two
things here it's about money because the
Saudi government is facing financial
difficulties because of the collapse of
the oil prices over the past few years
and the Hamid missile Minh is having
very ambitious economic plan actually to
reform the kingdom so he needs the cash
money in order to do to carry on with
this project but this is not the only
issue the other issue in my opinion here
is that he is trying to create a popular
base of support for him because all
these people are in fact corrupt in
Terrill whose firm holds stakes in
companies like Twitter Citigroup and
Apple is estimated to be worth 17
billion dollars his release could
potentially reassure investors but
analysts believe the timing of his
interview with Reuters as the world
economic forum met in Davos was
coincidence having someone like Prince
Talal for example speak out publicly as
he did yesterday and shows that you know
the Saudis are trying to use him as
somewhat the poster child of liberalism
they're trying to appeal to investors
obviously saying we realized that what
we did and the way we did it with that
purge last year we some completely
undermined business confidence and
investor confidence in Saudi Arabia
intel has told Reuters he expects to
remain in full control of his global
investment firm without being required
to give up his assets to the government
Hana hawkster al Jazeera
