another day of carnage on the streets of
Kabul this time the bomb was in an
ambulance
the driver pretended to be taking
someone to a nearby hospital but instead
he detonated his device on the crowded
street the Taliban said it was targeting
policemen having lunch but as so often
happens here Afghan civilians going
about their daily lives are among the
victims including people lined up
outside the Interior Ministry's Human
Resources Department I was in my office
we heard the explosion we didn't know
what was going on so many people were
injured
I myself counted at least 40 wounded
near me everyone was on the ground I
couldn't tell who was dead or who was
wounded the street was already heavily
guarded with a number of checkpoints
protecting government offices embassies
a hospital and a school the area is
usually bustling with people
emergency services evacuated offices
shops and agencies for several blocks
can hear the security vehicles going by
taking away the wounded and the dead
there have been casualties here this is
a very busy part of town in addition to
the High Peace Council the
anti-corruption Commission is also down
there just down the streets the UN mine
agency and this is normally a very very
busy part of Kabul it's the second
attack in the capital in a week Taliban
fighters battled security forces for
more than 15 hours at the city's
Intercontinental Hotel in a siege that
killed 25 people last Saturday security
has been stepped up around the city but
it wasn't enough the police and the army
of Afghanistan is a is really young it's
just 17 or 18 years old they need more
training they need more practice they
need more experience but the Taliban on
the other hand they are very devoted
fighters cobbles emergency hospital was
flooded with patients it's a scene
that's been repeated many times the
president says the uptick in attacks is
because of increased military pressure
on armed groups and political pressure
on Pakistan that may be the case but
it's the people here who continue to
suffer the most
