there was something different about the
Davos promenade this year
cryptocurrencies had arrived they became
household names in 2017 now believers
say the underlying technology blockchain
is the future usual suspects are you
know Bitcoin you feel like going reform
and so forth there is fraud there are
scams but I don't think that's the
majority of it you're gonna build a
blockchain across Africa one person who
tried to explain it was Jamie Smith
former Obama deputy press secretary
turned blockchain promoter you think
about it it's like a train track between
you and me blockchain are the rails and
then the car on top of it is just a
digital token and so I'm attaching any
asset to it anything I'm sending it to
you and I do that on that car and that
car is a digital token and most famous
what's called a Bitcoin that please that
up then this week it's felt like the
only buzz in town is Donald Trump but
not behind these doors the Trump name is
barely mentioned because here they're
partying like it's 1994 we are in that
stage 1994 the beginning of Internet yes
let's go get him and the fervor that's
happening in the world today the market
today is in this room the buzzing that
there's a new thing the Internet is the
Internet information now we have the
Internet of money with the internet of
value and we can do the Internet of law
can do smart contracts we can do
artificial intelligence so through this
societal internet of value exchange it's
gonna be bigger than the it's blockchain
enthusiasts tend not to underplay its
potential we are creating a new
financial infrastructure for the world
we're going to see pretty much
everything that we do as humans be put
on this ledger so that we can prove that
we're being trustworthy but there are
those willing to sound a note of caution
now with becoming very very speculative
so just gonna take a step back you can
read up on it
before bullion money blockchain
technologies 1994 moment has already
seen currencies like Bitcoin rise in
value by 1800 percent in 12 months the
growth potential of blockchain is such
that around here they call Bitcoin
yesterday's news jonah hull al jazeera
Davos
