in Honduras the top 20% owned more than
half the country's wealth many of the
rest live like Neftali and you hennya
just about surviving in a shack
inequality is an age-old problem
poverty's on the rise the majority of
Hondurans don't have a steady job
despite a college education
Neftali can only find work selling Isis
he makes 3 cents on each one sometimes
we eat sometimes we don't that's
literally how it is the situation with
employment is really difficult there are
no opportunities these are the issues
that President Juan Hernandez couldn't
resolve in his first term and will now
face again at the start of his second
but Mr Nanda's also has his own problems
there were serious irregularities and
suspicions of fraud in the elections
which he recently won many Hondurans
don't support him two months of protests
have left more than 30 people dead mr
Sally local on Iran we've come out as
the united people before the world to
tell them that the government stole the
election discontents increased again in
the run-up to Amanda's his swearing-in
how is the president and this
administration going to deal with the
country in which many people don't
recognize him as the legitimate
president the ill president there are
plenty others the president has called
for a national dialogue he sent letters
to ex candidates of other parties the
church civil society and businesses to
sit down so we can build our country and
put new ideas on the table and there are
things to build on president Ananda's
has invested in infrastructure projects
repaired ties with international lending
organizations and reduced crime in what
was the world's deadliest country
outside of a war zone but the issues
that helped stoke the protests remain
that's our nature these protests are
about the needs of the population a
population which is dying of hunger a
population which doesn't have quality
education a population in which if you
are not enrolled in a political party
you don't get help
president Anandi's now has four more
years to tackle those problems and unite
a divided country behind him John Holman
al-jazeera Tegucigalpa
