as the band played President Trump stood
somewhat awkwardly beside the man who
founded the World Economic Forum Klaus
Schwab his vision for almost half a
century open world trade is that at odds
with the president's America first
policy taking the role of salesmen in
chief Trump declared no America first
does not mean America alone when the
United States grows so does the world
American prosperity has created
countless jobs all around the globe
Trump who as recently as this week has
been accused of protectionism after
slapping tariffs on imports of solar
panels and washing machines criticized
other nations for their trading
practices we cannot have free and open
trade if some countries exploit the
system at the expense of others we
support free trade but it needs to be
fair and it needs to be reciprocal he
was politely received until he lashed
out as he always does the media it was
until I became a politician that I
realized how nasty how mean how vicious
and how fake the press can be as the
cameras start going off in the back
Trump's cabinet colleagues seem pleased
with the speech no need a great job but
Nobel prize-winning economists professor
Joseph Stiglitz said trumpet got his
sums wrong and doesn't realize that the
global trading system is already stacked
in the us's favour he tried to put a
soft spin the fact is the rules of the
game have been written by the United
States larger for the United States and
now for the United States to say that
they are unfair to ninety states they're
unfair to developing countries but to
say that they're unfair the United
States is unconscionable as President
Trump left here Davos organizers will be
breathing a sigh of relief
he was scripted and restrained there was
though some criticism that there was
little knew in his speech and no
concrete details
one veteran Davos attendee told me
people don't come here to listen to
mar-a-lago happy talk James Bay's al
Jazeera Davos
