as we enter Syria it is the Free Syrian
Army flag that flies high here we're on
a media trip into as as organized by the
Turkish authorities they take us close
to where there's been fighting with the
YPG the Kurdish armed group turkey calls
a terrorist organization Turkish forces
are trying to push it out of the region
of our freen the frontline is just a few
kilometers west of here both Turkish
troops and the Free Syrian Army are
taking part we asked one of the FSA
fighters why he is involved in turkeys
operation for some it seems it's
personal we're fighting the YPG because
they betrayed us and especially because
they took over my city tile roof ads
I've been displaced along with many of
my neighbors for two years living in the
camps there are such bad conditions
especially now in the winter what our
Turkish escorts are telling us is at the
frontline with the YPG where the Kurdish
fighters is just further along that
mountain there's also bullaiah mountain
which is over to this side where there's
been active fighting but what is clear
here on the outskirts of Azaz city is
how much of a presence Turkey has they
are of course supporting the Free Syrian
Army fighters the Syrian rebels that are
really taking a large part in this
operation that Turkey has undertaken
against that even while we were here two
bullets whizzed overhead and we're told
YPG snipers are to blame for this
they shot at us and our tire blew up he
says we move on and enter the city of as
as ISIL was pushed out of here in 2014
but life remains difficult nASA has to
provide for 13 members of her family she
tells us she is all alone war has now
become the norm she says people like us
are used to the shelling and the
explosions the young children are still
scared but we've been facing this for a
few years now we're not afraid anymore
there is hardly any electricity here
generators are the only way to get light
or heat in the winter rain has left the
streets thick with mud the black paint
on this wall reads for sale it seems
some still dream of moving on from here
the landscape in this part of syria is
dotted with tents millions of Syrians
remain homeless in their own country
suddenly I won't let this mean we have
been here for three years and the tent
has never been fixed because of the rain
the tent leaks and there are seven
people in one tent our situation is
terrible this is a country ripped apart
by almost seven years of war millions of
Syrians have had to leave their lives
behind and as the years go by the war
simply seems to change its form the guns
seemingly impossible to silence
Stephanie Decker al-jazeera
as as Syria
