the popular Filipino news website is
facing mounting legal pressure
Securities Exchange Commission reports
through initiation of a war of attrition
is on the way what she and her
colleagues are determined to win alarm
Richard Gere's Burton you're at the
listening post here are some of the
stories were tracking this week Manila
does the case against one news website
amount to the duterte government issuing
a formal declaration of war against the
Filipino media climate skepticism is
fringe and unscientific so why is if it
skeptics still manage in certain
countries to get so much air time the
Italian government has a formula for
taking on the fake news problem and
breaking down the happy talk getting to
the core of the Facebook story through
pure satire we begin in the Philippines
and a popular online news site rap ler
that's long been a thorn in the side of
president rodrigo duterte
rappers criticism of Duterte signature
policy his war on drugs and its
investigations into his personal wealth
have not gone down well with the
president Duterte has long accused
rapper of being run by americans which
would be illegal under filipino law the
site now faces a possible shutdown over
that allegation rapper says this is pure
politicization of the press that the
president now calls the shots when it
comes to media regulation since coming
to power in 2016 Rodrigo Duterte has
made thinly veiled threats against
journalists and hit them with
accusations of fake news but this
official move against trappler takes the
conflict to another level Rattler vows
to take the case to the Supreme Court if
it has to and should that happen we're
sure to learn a lot about the media
politics and power in the age of duty a
our starting point this week is Manila
why are we targeted because we're
journalists who ask tough questions
we've done investigative reports on key
facets of this administration starting
with the drug war of President Duterte
and the online social media propaganda
machine and how that forms the bedrock
of disinformation in this country that
really is crippling democracy what we're
going to do is to challenge it and we
will be challenging this take every
legal remedy that is possible take it
all the way up to the Supreme Court and
we're also taking it to the people by
fighting the case in the court of public
opinion rapper has posted videos on its
own site explaining its side of the
legal story there's also an FAQ section
there dedicated to the case it's editors
have used news conferences and freedom
of the press demonstrations again to get
the word out and they have turned to
their colleagues in mainstream news
outlets channels like abs-cbn and GMA to
report on the story as well those
outlets might given the kind of
precedent this case could set in the
Philippines they're trying to test the
waters if nobody will complain or
protest about what they're doing with
grappler they would go ahead with the
other news organizations and in fact the
president has come out with speeches
against the largest Daily News branch
and acquired
and he has also lashed out against the
two biggest views organizations on TV on
abs-cbn
- and Jamie seven news for the young
idiot named peace at the pump
compare a president that has continued
to lash out against any kind of youth
organization that exposes any kind of
our wrongdoing in his government you if
we allow Raptor to go down sooner or
later everyone's going down we cannot
afford that and we will not allow that
we've been through the Marcos
dictatorship and he shut down all media
and and had on these mouthpieces his
propaganda mouthpieces and we do not
want their planet because press freedom
is is not even ours it belongs to the
people and you take away press freedom
you take away people's right to
information and that's very basic so you
just democracy that way the government's
case against trappler is a financial one
like many companies in the Philippines
rattler uses PDRs Philippine Depositary
Receipts
as a vehicle to secure foreign funding
PDRs give investors a slice of the
profits if the company makes money but
unlike shares no control of that company
with the Philippines financial regulator
the Securities and Exchange Commission
or SEC is asserting is that one of
rapper's PDR investors the Omidyar group
run by eBay founder Pierre Omidyar does
have a measure of control over things
like the company's makeup or bylaws
there by breaching Filipino law which
forbids foreign control of media
companies
Harry Roque is a spokesperson for
President Duterte grappler is about
money it is not about freedom of the
press what Robert did was an ingenious
fundraising scheme that resulted in
controlled by a foreign entity of a
media corporation because the business
of spreading information is vested with
national interests it should only be
owned by Filipinos but the thing is
even the SEC recognizes PDRs not as
ownership but as investments and it's
not only rapper the other networks and
PDRs and one very telling thing too is
the fact that the Solicitor General who
is basically the government's lawyer
asked SEC to act on the complaint
against rappers so it's basically
government telling the Securities and
Exchange Commission to do something
about tracker so that alone is a very
blatant government intervention you have
to look at the SEC decision in context
Philippine media has been under attack
online for more than a year and a half
and just last July you terian targeted
grappler and then a few days after the
SEC decision I received a cyber libel
case for a 2012 article that was
published before the cyber libel law was
actually passed the government says this
is pure coincidence but when
coincidences happen too frequently they
form patterns and the patterns very
clear
the trappler and not a more conventional
news outlet has provoked this kind of
response from the authorities is a
measure of just how far the site has
come in the six years since its launch
and the importance now attached to
alternative news sources in the
Philippines it's fairly inovative
because this is the first time we have a
purely online news organization if it
did not have a print version it doesn't
have a broadcast satellite facility so
this is the first time that you have a
purely who used online site and a big
portion of the shares are owned by
journalists and reporters themselves so
as an innovative project you would like
to have more rappers Rodrigo Duterte
came to power in mid-2016 launching his
war on drugs and drug users the
government puts the number of extra
judicial killings at 4,000 human rights
groups say it's more like 12,000 Rattler
was among the news outlets critical of
the carnage and the absence of due
process that displeased the president
who does not take kindly to second
guessing and who used last year's State
of the Union address to take issue with
rattler and it's ownership you're
supposed to be 100% Filipino grappler
try it appears the identity
and you'll end up American illusions
rattler has also made enemies in the
Filipino blogosphere president duterte
has legions of online backers the
self-described DDS diehard Duterte
supporters some of whom can be quite
vicious posting the home addresses of
journalists they disapprove of
threatening them and trying to undermine
the work of sites like rattler that
criticized duterte or his policies we
did a whole series of this in October
2016 that was what made us a target of
the propaganda machine as soon as we
published that story we came under
attack I was getting hate messages great
messages death threats an average of 90
hate messages per hour our best defense
was to understand it so we collected the
data and we processed it we showed that
26 fake accounts can actually ripple and
influence up to 3 million other accounts
by April 2017 the key content creators
in that propaganda machine were
appointed the government its online
state-sponsored hate and it is meant to
silence dissent it is meant to silence
criticism as poisonous as the rhetoric
in the blogosphere can be the
government's case against rattler based
on those PDRs seems downright pedantic
it's worth reiterating rattler is not
the only news outlet in the Philippines
that uses PDRs as a source of financing
the country's two biggest television
networks abs-cbn and GMA used them as
well no prizes for guessing where this
story is going president dr. I think
while he says that he's not sending
armies too closely other news
organizations he's trying to kill them
slowly constricting their economic
funding their sources of funding so this
is that the worst
the worst is yet to come
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar today with one of
our producers Tarek Nava Tarek the
Italian government says it wants to take
on fake news it's created a new online
tool with which to do that what are the
details and why now
yes there's been a bit of a frenzy about
fake news in Italy and the run-up to an
election in March and this all goes back
to 2016 when a network of fake news
sites was blamed for influencing the
outcome of a referendum on
constitutional reform so this time
around
the government has enesta the help of
italy's postal police which is a unit
that investigates cyber crimes and
they've created this online portal which
asks users to submit a link to the news
item in question and then list any
social networks they've seen it on a
team in the postal police will then
examine each case and take action if
laws were broken and if not they'll try
to issue official statements to dispel
the false information but it's not like
everyone in Italy sees this as a good
idea no they don't because there's a
fine line isn't it so people are worried
about online censorship and they're also
worried about giving the police too much
power to decide what is true and what is
not the government says the platform is
a transparent and legitimate tool aimed
at protecting citizens from unfounded
news but some argue the ruling party has
politicized this issue the director of
political fact-checking site pajela
política has warned of the dangers of
turning policemen into fact checkers
since people could actually face up to
three months in jail for distributing
false information you've also been
looking into Yemen where a journalist
has been killed apparently caught in the
crossfire yeah earlier this week a
photojournalist called Mohammed el could
see was killed in the province of todd's
and what is alleged to have been rocket
fire by her--they rebels he works for
the private channel bel peace TV and was
on his way to investigate the aftermath
of a missile strike when he was killed a
local journalist working for Russian
broadcaster RT Arabic was also wounded
in the same attack no cutsies death has
been blamed on the Houthis it's worth
mentioning a number of journalists have
also been killed and saudi-led missile
strikes also worth mentioning
I suppose that crossfire is hardly the
only danger that journalists in Yemen
are currently facing no it's not
journalist in Yemen are routinely
targeted for doing their work last week
the national organization of Yemeni
media known as sada released a report
that detailed 2250 violations against
media workers and journalists since the
Houthis took over the country in 2014
that includes abductions and torture but
one legal case against the journalist
has just come to an end with the release
of a sham and arm AC he's been a critic
of all the parties involved in this war
he'd been held by the Houthis with no
access to a lawyer or his family for
five months okay thanks tarick
among the world's climate scientists the
number of those who doubt that global
warming is caused by human activity is
extraordinarily low fewer than three in
100 however that's not the impression
you might get from the news media in
certain countries climate change
skeptics enjoy plenty of exposure
through which to propagate their
theories such as carbon dioxide doesn't
cause a greenhouse effect the planets
actually cooling or the climate has
always changed you'll hear those
arguments more in some parts of the
world than others much more because
climate skepticism in the news media is
largely confined to what is known as the
Anglosphere the US the UK Australia and
to a lesser extent Canada and New
Zealand elsewhere including the most
populous polluting countries China and
India such skepticism is hard to find
The Listening Post will young now on the
curious existence and persistence of
climate skepticism in the news media
there are many questions up in the air
like what causes global warming is it
real profound is it can you reverse it
the evidence for a catastrophe is not
there we're at the lowest historical
lows for extreme weather it's old based
on a filed fundamental the fundamental
is that it is the human emissions of
carbon dioxide the draw of global
warming that has never been shown across
the United States Australia the UK
fringe opinions like these make their
way into mainstream discussions about
climate change with striking frequency
so what we've got is a fallacy based on
fraud promoted by fools what surprising
isn't just that climate sceptics still
exist in the face of overwhelming
scientific evidence it's that they get
so much exposure largely in the
so-called Anglo sphere we looked a very
large number of articles more than 3000
and more than 80% of the articles that
had climate skepticism in them were
found in the US and the UK compared to
the newspapers in Brazil China India and
France this is quite clear that there
are a strong presence of skeptics in the
Australian and Canadian press as well
India world's third largest emitter of
greenhouse gas emissions there was very
very little climate skepticism their
prevalence of skepticism is actually
very low right now for about 700
articles that I have managed to code so
far about Oh point zero four percent of
the articles even mention climate
skepticism 13 on solace I've been a
journalist in China for more than ten
years
climate change is my area of expertise
and I found barely a trace of climate
skepticism in the Chinese media there is
a funny contradiction that's
particularly acute here in the United
States where we here are home to some of
the most influential scientific
organizations and here as well some of
the contrarian ism
is most evident and most acute so what's
behind the persistence of climate
contrarian ism in Anglosphere countries
right-wing media moguls came for
business to remain as usual have
certainly played their part the
Anglosphere forms the core of Rupert
Murdoch's media empire and outlets like
Fox News The Wall Street Journal the
London Times The Australian and Sky News
Australia have long provided platforms
for climate skepticism but right-wing
media are only part of the story news
outlets with a reputation for
impartiality like the BBC have also come
under fire for how often they present
fringe views on climate change alongside
those of climate scientists otherwise
known as false balance even if there is
one and there's been no recorded warming
over the past 15 16 17 years well yeah
there is a lot of controversy about that
that's a fact but the BBC has had a
particular problem with false balance
for a number of years actually and
particularly the Today programme on
radio for its kind of main flagship
current affairs programmes like
Groundhog Day it's probably about every
year or two they'll have another kind of
car crash moment where they invite a
climate skeptic on the predictions made
at the beginning of the era of global
warming alarm have so far proven to be
wildly inaccurate during this past 10
years if anything mean global
temperature average world temperature
has slightly decline well which is it
which is it'll be a big round of
complaints the complaints will be upheld
etc etc etc and the BBC is is now even
in the position of actually having an
off calm investigation into the way that
it reports climate change due to this
being such an acute
the notion that there is balance in the
climate change story that climate
science holds the same weight and
significance as climate skepticism has
been manipulated to great effect
particularly in the United States the
fossil fuel industry there has set out
to sow doubt about the science of global
warming by funding like-minded think
tanks who make spokespersons available
at the media's request co2 but it simply
should be now recognized it has no
bearing on the temperature of the earth
there's some members of think tanks who
simply say they are paid to spend in one
case 40% of their their workday reaching
out to the media
one such think-tank is the Heartland
Institute which has received funding
from ExxonMobil Koch Industries than the
American Petroleum Institute Heartland
spokespeople are fixtures in US and
other Anglo sphere media outlets the
same is true for the Competitive
Enterprise Institute which has also been
funded by oil and coal companies one
place you won't find climate skeptic
lobby groups is China Chinese industry
just like the media tends to move in
steps with Communist Party policy as far
as the party is concerned the debate
around the causes of global warming has
long been settled for almost a decade
now China has been the world's leading
investor in clean energy and in his
speech at the CCP's 19th Congress late
last year President Xi Jinping himself
warned of the harm humanity had
inflicted on nature the official line in
China on climate change is its very
important issue it's happening and we
have to do something about it and it's
very difficult for journalists to
deviate from the official line on
anything so be very unlikely there's a
Chinese journalist or editor would stick
their neck out and say actually it's not
happening we don't need to do anything
about it
no question over the past decade or so
Chinese media have developed closer
relationships with our climate
scientists as a result the quality of
the reporting has improved
Siddalee Lenovo yoga she will shit City
Python geo consciousness are shitty to
me Akashic wanted order change openness
in under to in for example now you often
see journalists making the connection
between climate change and local
environmental disaster Heights II hope
you had the to shape your Liberia means
here G blonde yeah sure phone we don't
say icing can teach will seem that you
eat off India to is home to a sizable
fossil fuel sector and like China it has
no industry funded Lobby disputing
climate science however the reasons for
that are quite different
India's extractive industries generally
get what they want from government
whoever is in power pushing back against
concerns about climate change simply
hasn't been necessary is not an
organized conversation in that they're
not very large business groups political
parties or in times where skepticism is
being promoted you were very very vocal
NGOs vocal think tanks that have
actually been at the forefront of a lot
of the climate reportage the frequency
of cyclonic storms in coastal areas is
increasing experts believe this is a
clear indication of the effects of
climate change it's difficult to be
blind to the effects of climate change
and although climate skepticism has been
a remarkably resilient industry within
so-called legacy media in online media
the picture looks markedly different one
of the things we looked at was whether
digital born players gave space and
voice and time to climate skeptics and
express it simply the answer was they
didn't and I think that's to do with
their audience which is very young and
we know from personal attitude surveys
and many countries that young people
don't tend to be very skeptical about
climate change
the influence of online media is growing
but mass media remained the primary
source of information for most to news
consumers and in that realm skepticism
still has a place however as the
consequences of climate change
increasingly affect the Anglosphere the
pushback against skeptics is growing
louder and although the carbon industry
continues to pump money into lobbying
and media messaging finally sometimes
political cartoonists can do just as
good a job explaining a news story as
conventional journalists can even when
those stories are complicated such as
Facebook's recent announcement that it's
revamping its newsfeed by feeding you
less news the American cartoonist Marc
Fiore died sex
Facebook's explanation for the changes
which does not even mention the site's
issues with fake news and hate speech
but suggests that by de-emphasizing
posts from news outlets Facebook will be
bringing people together because who
needs news when you can have chipper
social interactions
instead we'll see you next time here at
The Listening Post from all that
difficult news well you're in for a
treat our new Facebook algorithm is 98%
more bubbly happy and warmly interactive
well that's right news whether it's real
fake or just a downer you can leave you
feeling icky so say goodbye to news
say a big smiley hello to chipper social
interactions we've worked like
SuperDuper hard for a few months to get
rid of fake news I decided to get rid of
other news too you'll still be able to
get news from real-life journalists if
it's forwarded to you by someone in your
warm friendly bubble of comfort you can
also go to settings click source click
the subheading info type in news
backslash First Amendment and you'll
receive a message telling you how to
sign up for news you should know though
9 out of 10 research team members agree
that news may make you sad fake news
real news forget about news on Facebook
if you're a media outlet feel free to
pay us extra and boost your post see I'm
feeling better already
