if you listen to government leaders in
Myanmar this week was supposed to see a
trickle of her hinder refugees returning
to these new repatriation centers in
Rakhine State they said from Tuesday the
centers were open and ready to receive
but the other country in this equation
Bangladesh said incomplete paperwork for
the refugees is causing a delay no word
on just how long some human rights
groups think it's much more than
paperwork the fundamental problem is
that all these operations and setup
these plans have been devised these
negotiations have been done leaving the
refugees outside the door and they
haven't been consulted they haven't been
talked to and many of the refugees are
simply too afraid to go back anywhere
near the Burmese military also this week
the launch of a new Commission to follow
up from a group headed by former UN
Secretary General Kofi Annan members
both from Myanmar and abroad are
supposed to implement recommendations
and advice on the hinge of crisis but
even before their first trip to reclined
the highest profile member bill
Richardson resigned the former US
diplomat described as a friend of leader
unsung Suki
abruptly left after a heated exchange
with on her part Richardson said that he
left the Commission because it was a
whitewash and that on sung su Chi lacked
moral leadership while government
officials said that they dismissed him
because he was here only to pursue his
own agenda a remaining member of the
Commission rebuffed to Richardson's
resignation saying the Myanmar
government is both series and listening
to the Commission well obviously he
didn't check with us before he made that
statement and I think it's very
unfortunate he didn't join most of our
proceedings since two days ago and in
any case it was not the intention of the
advisory board to make final conclusions
this week one member of the Kofi Anan
Commission from Myanmar gave us his view
of Richardson's departure and the need
for better transparency
he's a man to be reckoned with I think
this is a little bit of a drawback but
we can move on we should take criticism
and if there is anything that we need to
correct we should do that and if there
is nothing wrong
we should prove it by facts and figures
and in order to do that the basic fact
is that you need people to go to that
area but that hasn't happened we're kind
remains heavily controlled by the
military humanitarian groups the UN and
media are still not allowed free access
to Rick I'm so refugees hoping to return
have to rely on limited information to
make very important decisions
it's got Heidler al Jazeera Yangon
