some say the hashtag me to campaign is
to white and to privileged so how has a
movement to call out sexual assault
being received outside of the West and
upfront special
in 2006 the slogan me too started as a
movement by us activists Tirana Burke as
a way to show solidarity with victims of
sexual assault but that slogan went
viral overnight in the wake of
Hollywood's Harvey Weinstein scandal
last October which prompted women around
the world to break a lot of the silence
around sexual assault and harassment and
begin sharing their stories with more
than 12 million posts on Facebook in
just 24 hours since then the hashtag has
been shared at least 85 countries around
the world so why is this particular
campaign proved to be so powerful and
how has it been received outside of the
West joining me to discuss this are Mona
Eltahawy a journalist based between
Cairo and New York and author of head
scarves and hymens why the Middle East
needs a sexual revolution Ranjana Kumari
women's rights activist and director of
the Centre for Social Research in New
Delhi and naina dark-wash achhamma a
Ghanaian writer and director of
communications for the NGO the
association for women's rights in
development thank you all for joining me
on this special edition of upfront I
want to start by asking you all how has
the hashtag me to movement been received
outside of the US outside of the West
Ranjana you're a longtime champion of
women's rights in India what's the
response to me to being like over there
well you know when the whole campaign
started on social media with hashtag me
to the Indian women also caught on to
the whole you know the kind of speaking
out and talking about themselves and
around 25,000 women join that campaign
in India and also a lot of them really
wanted to speak about their own
experiences but when we we saw the kind
of expression there they did not really
come out with identifying the person
they did not really talk about what
really happened to them but then
definitely said that they also faced
sexual harassment at workplace they have
also been victim of the kind of
relationship at workplace with their
bosses with the professors and also the
whole media became very very
active but the need to campaign what
really was very critical wasn't warn you
I can say that we touched the heart of
every woman that they could find a space
in social media and could say that this
is what happened to me - okay not a
recently the African Union ambassador to
the u.s. said during a discussion about
hashtag me - that quote in Africa the
conversation has not even begun we are
nowhere near where we need to be what's
your reaction to that I very much agree
with the ambassador in my country Ghana
the conversation has been extremely
metered about me - in the sense that
people have not been publicly naming
those who have violated them those who
have assaulted them people have actually
been speaking about the need for us to
have this conversation but no one is
really speaking up that's because the
consequences for women who name people
who violates them is really still too
harsh in about a few years ago in 2015 a
prominent public personality quiz each a
Jaguar was allegedly accused of raping a
young woman there were people who were
witnesses to the fact that she had been
abused by this man she went to hospital
the doctors verified that she had been
sexually assaulted the state of Ghana
took up a case but this woman was
vilified in the press so much she
eventually withdrew the case and this is
an example of what happens when women
speak up and when these things happen at
this colleges other were men from
speaking up because they can see that
there's no justice for the victim and
even worse the name of the victim is in
disrepute Mona when you're listening to
Nana speak about garner and and and some
of the other African countries does that
resonate with what you're hearing and
what you've experienced in the Middle
East living in Cairo traveling through
the region or has me to being embraced
in the Arab world right hashtag me too
has been embraced in the Arab world
under its Arabic equivalent which is an
ikemen and I've seen several activists
share their own experiences and say that
this happens to every woman I know this
has happened to me personally but I
think the importance of hashtag me - and
it is not just about women
speaking out and not being able to speak
out and does the community blame the
woman or not I think what this
particular moment in history has done it
is allow it has allowed women around the
world to see each other as all being
victims of patriarchy that this is an
institutionalized form of discrimination
that regardless of where you're from
will affect every woman and will affect
members of the LGBTQ community will also
affect men we've seen gay men who spoken
out about this so I think that as hard
as it is to speak out in certain
communities it's important to recognize
that this doesn't just affect white
actors in Hollywood and it's not just
white men who are assaulting them we
need to move the conversation outside of
this very very specific white us lens
and make it a global one critics say
that the voices of women around the
world and runge and I want to ask you
this question first critics say that
voices of women around the world who
work in factories are victims of sex
trafficking minority women women in
rural areas living in poverty are
missing from this campaign from this
movement is it fair to say that white
Western women especially white affluent
women are still dominating this campaign
and if so what do you do about that as
you know very few women are in the on
the social media space in India it's
only about 27% women who really are the
Internet users visibly the men and also
between among these 27% you have mostly
working people who are in the organized
sector or people who are really in some
way or the other have been capacitated
to raise their voices but majority with
women who are from the informal sector
of the economy tribal women share dual
cars women as you said traffic victims
prostitutes and proceed to live in the
engage in prostitution or forced into
prostitution all those women have not
found that space the majority of the
women say about almost like 90 percent
women who are not in the formal economy
sector economy who are not organized who
do not have access to internet it's not
that they don't please face this kind of
harassment
but they are not able to use this they
are not able to say it in in no form
they're not able to even go to these
regional committees that we have formed
which which are called internal
complaints committee so certainly there
is a kind of divide that you can clearly
see okay Nana do you worry about how
quote-unquote white me too is or is that
unfair I mean what I would like to see
more of as more of a focus on movements
of particularly like the most oppressed
groups who have actually been working to
end violence against women for a long
time some of the work that some of my
previous organizations have done such as
the African women's development fund
which is their grant making fund which
funds particularly small and medium
sized women's rights organizations
across the continent you know they are
numerous small community-based groups
that have been working to end violence
against women and what I tend to see is
that they focus on me to is focused more
on yes you know more privileged White's
woman in Hollywood more privileged white
woman in North America without really
acknowledging the kind of community led
efforts that have been going on
why do you think it is that me too has
been so successful a high profile in a
way that other previous campaigns
against gender-based violence haven't
been is it because of the Hollywood
celebrity angle or is it something else
I think absolutely is because of the
Hollywood celebrity angle and because it
has cuts the media attention and for me
that's not a bad then that's a good
thing but let's also use this
opportunity to focus on community-based
organizations that have been awakened
for decades to end violence against
women once and for all do you agree with
that about why meteors being so
successful I think it is a particular
moment where we're seeing white women in
Hollywood confront white men who have
heard them and I think that that gives
it a much more global platform than say
all the individual work that we've heard
about but I also think it's really
important to take it out of this idea
that it's only these rich and white
powerful men who do that because what I
worry about is that ordinary men will
just kind of sit back and say you know
well you know what I'm
which I'm not powerful I'm not one of
those guys and I think this is a really
invaluable moment where we have an
opportunity as a global community not
just in our individual community spaces
to say look this is about patriarchy
this is about how it's institutionalized
this is about misogyny and this is about
discrimination against women so how does
that affect every woman and how is every
man complicit in this because I hear
from a lot of men they say well I don't
do any of that so this has nothing to do
with me but unless you're doing
something to stop that from happening
you're complicit and you're benefiting
from that system of patriarchy so I
think this has to be a daily occurrence
when we talk about this with our friends
with our siblings and also politically
because I think that as as fantastic as
this Hollywood moment has been what
we're also missing is that the President
of the United States has been accused of
sexual assault himself and we're not
talking about that at least 20 women
have accused Donald Trump of sexually
assaulting them and if you if you just
stop and think about that the president
of the most powerful country in the
world and we almost had a senator in the
United States Roy Morris I mean we
always had a right we always had a
candidate become a senator in the US
who's been accused of pedophilia and
this is a chance for now I speak now
again as that Egyptian Muslim woman who
covers these issues from my people to
say look we have to confront these
issues in every community
when you say confront it in every
comedian let me pick up on that you've
written that Muslim women are stuck
between a rock and a hard place on the
one hand you have Islamophobes in Europe
in the United States who whenever a
Muslim man is accused of any kind of sex
crime jump on this and say it's the
religion is to blame Islam is to blame
use it to bash the religion on the other
hand you have some in Muslim communities
who don't want to call out misogynist
because they fear that it will give
Islam a bad rap and they're giving
ammunition to people who already hate
them they don't want the community to
look about so how do women in
communities like that deal with this
dilemma if you can call it that the
answer to that is exactly what will take
us out of me to hashtag me to being a
white Hollywood social media moment the
answer to that would be that each
community has to recognize that the less
we can talk about sex the less we can
talk about these taboos and the less we
confront these taboos
most vulnerable people in our
communities will be affected and the
most vulnerable people are always women
children and the LGBTQ so it has to fall
on the shoulders of those of us with
privilege and to take that even further
just also to defang the racists in the
Islamophobes when I talk about the
Middle East
another one of my communities I have to
talk about domestic workers I have to
talk about migrant laborers because in
the Gulf you're talking about women who
come from different very very
disadvantaged countries and communities
who are often sexually assaulted by
their employers they have no recourse to
justice there's a racist and a class
angle as well exactly so we have to make
hashtag me to recognize race gender
class ableism and actual orientation
ranjana Mona talks about this you know
that that's being stuck between a rock
and a hard place women have faced that
quote/unquote dilemma elsewhere - it's
not just about religion is it for
example when women fight for their
rights in places like India or Pakistan
or parts of Africa some say oh you're
attacking our traditional cultural
values you're supporting Western
cultural imperialism you often do hear
that kind of backlash argument don't you
well it's always there it's been always
there whenever you talk about women's
rights somewhere you know everybody
who's not agreeing with you or all these
traditionalist forces fundamentalist
forces which are really around us always
blame us for you know picking up from
Western this is not what Indians is not
what our culture is all about and that
silence that has been imposed on women
is also because they fear that if they
will speak out they will be targeted
they will be you know seen as the people
who are responsible for what is
happening so victim blaming all the time
so so even when they muster the courage
to speak they are always you know in
some sense punished for speaking out and
now you know we are all working very
hard to change it but certainly that
whole thing about you know you are aping
the West you are trying to create the
kind of environment in our country where
women are now becoming very you know
free they just don't want to follow any
tradition and you all are responsible so
we are certainly being blamed for it but
let me tell you one thing in India a
situation is very very different now
because we fought for right to enter
temple we are together as women's
organization and supporting each other
so that is something which is helping us
to counter to fight back with all these
fundamentalist force forces Nana you
wanted to come in earlier yes I did
because I think you know women have has
been actually speaking up for ages about
the need to end violence and I think as
of this moment as um I don't want people
I don't want women to feel like they
have to put themselves out there they
have to name the people who have
perpetrated violence especially when the
repercussions are so severe I think the
focus needs to be on how do we change
the societal context and the culture
which leads to this harassment which
leads to this continuous violence that
women face how do we change this rape
culture which is really the problem and
it's so endemic everywhere so I would
love for us to have a bit of a
conversation around that give us one of
your suggestions and tell us something
positive of what can be done because we
this is a very depressing conversation
give us tell us what comedian I mean I
feel like they a couple of things that
need to be done you know the
conversation is one thing but I really
feel like we need men to step up we need
men to be speaking to each other and we
mean we need men to be holding
themselves responsible you know I feel
like too much of the onus is on women to
end violence we really need men to step
up and take responsibility for their own
role and in this situation and I want to
see some of that happen and some of that
change
interesting that Nana talks about kind
of men stepping up which is obviously
important babs crucial but the backlash
against me too in the West and there has
been a backlash hasn't just come from
men it's even come from some women to
French actress Catherine Deneuve along
with nearly a hundred other French women
wrote a letter defending men's quote
freedom to pester was her response to a
letter like that in this climate it was
outrageous midea I couldn't believe it
and it was an important moment to remind
everyone it was a moment to remind
everyone of just how powerful
internalized misogyny is these are women
who have internalized patriarchy and the
power of patriarchy and these are
who are white and privileged and very
affluent and it was very telling to me
that they are white privileged affluent
women who are basically saying the men
who have the right to Pesta are white
and affluent because while Catherine
Deneuve at L was saying this we're
talking about the rise of a horrendous
fascist right-wing across Europe that
wants to prevent migration especially on
the basis of this so-called right or
freedom to pester because they accused
these Brown hordes of men and these
black hordes of men are basically going
to Europe to rape white women so it was
an outrageous letter to publish not only
was it basically a politologists for
this kind of violence that were fighting
against but they were also just talking
about their men they are not talking
about these are not working-class women
these are not poor women these are not
women of different abilities these are
not LGBTQ women and and they are not
talking about men who live in the inner
cities in France who live in various
communities in Europe who are vilified
with this horrendous me yeah but nobody
it's also important to recognize that in
Europe brown and black men are accused
of increasing the rates of rape because
they want to rape white women so I think
this letter was very dangerous and I
think that the this kind of position is
exactly why hashtag me too has to move
out from these affluent white Hollywood
actresses Ron Jenna you were waiting to
come in Mona I want to support you that
you know this is what the privileged we
haven't even talked about in our own
countries that you know this never
happened to me I have never faced any
kind of discrimination what is this
vector is talking about these feminists
are really trying to ruin the
relationship and family they are
breaking the family I think me too
campaign is extremely important in one
sense that it has at least given the
kind of voice and space that is not thus
happening to ask middle-class women
traveling by buses and working in small
places where people are trying to
exploit and trying to harass but also is
happening at the at the highest level at
the discrimination in terms of wage
parity discrimination in terms of you
know sexual harassment all kinds of you
know male privilege as male
teittleman that's what is the problem
that men are men who are in these
positions of power consider that are
their entitlement so that has been
questioned and challenged and that has
to come down to the level of a village
woman who's working in somebody farms in
the field that has to come down to a
laborer women who's trying to work in
the construction industry are building
the road and getting exploited by the
contractor so I think this is this is
one thing which we have to seen as a
strength of this campaign Najee agree
with that I very much want to agree with
angina because I think what this moment
also calls for as the increased supports
that women's movements and women's
rights organizations have been calling
for you know women know themselves the
solutions to the challenges they face
and they are very often able to work on
those solutions but women's rights
organizations and women's rights
movements so underfunded this is parts
of the work that my organization a wit
has been leading in some research that
we did as far back as 2010 showed the
most women's rights organizations exist
on 20,000 US dollars or less a year
these are the movements and these are
the organizations that are actually
working to end violence and small
communities from village levels to
communities to the regional level and
this is really where we need to place
their efforts this is really where the
change needs to happen and naina you've
written about the difficulty in defining
issues like sexual consent getting
agreement on those issues when things
are sometimes not clear how does a
movement like hashtag need to empower
women in particular but to feel more
comfortable about setting boundaries
about being clear about consent about
saying no how can it teach men to
respect women's choices and women's
Communications on this issue because
it's now broadened out beyond workplace
harassment and sexual assault
absolutely and actually I think right
now is also the moments where men really
need to take time to learn what consent
really means and to know that consent
should always be enthusiastic consent
should be given in multiple ways confirm
consent should be a
fam several times you know I feel like
the way men have been socialized
traditionally has especially in my
context especially in Ghana you know we
often speak of men chasing woman right
it's like women has to be pursued and
men always assume the women are being
coy or that they need to be persuaded no
I don't think that should be the case
men need to recognize that women have
agency women can speak up and say when
they want to take part in the sexual
activity or when they do not want to
take part in the sexual activity and men
and women you know partners should
always get consent verbally and
non-verbally from their partner and you
have to confirm this several times
Mona in the United States in the wake of
the recent controversial allegations
around the u.s. act as E's I'm sorry and
you know quote-unquote sexual misconduct
is a phrase used among many others
there's been much debate about what
belongs in the me to debate you know
where does the spectrum of rape assault
harassment misconduct begin and end so
my question to you is how does a
movement like me to move forward when
they're already these accusations that
oh it's going too far and certain things
don't belong in it whenever we have this
historic moment where we're going
through incredible change and we're
you're hearing voices that you haven't
heard before there will always be people
who are pulling us back and saying
you've gone too far stop stop and we
have to ignore those voices because it
they say that because this is an
uncomfortable moment and discomfort is
important for social change revolution
is uncomfortable and I consider this a
revolutionary moment one of many not the
only obviously and I think that that the
spectrum is exactly the best way to
describe it this isn't just about your
boss exposing himself to you or your
boss demanding that you have sex with
him or her so that you could continue to
work this is also about very intimate
conversations and relationships and I
think in order for that for that
spectrum to be fully explored and and
deconstructed we have to be able to talk
about sex comfortably and I think that
here in the United States too we don't
talk about sex comfortably definitely in
Egypt where I come from and in the
Middle East and North Africa they're
very conservative societies and as a
Muslim I know how difficult it is for
most
to speak about sex inside and outside of
marriage and the same and I think what
me hashtag me to has done is its created
this leveling off moment where people
even in the United States where they
thought they had had a sexual revolution
where they thought they were sexually
liberated they are now confronted with
the reality that they are not that this
so-called sexual revolution of the 1960s
has not dismantled patriarchy and women
are still being pursued as Nana said and
men still think that they will score so
I think what we need to do is we need to
have a very very honest conversation
about sex my question is how long do you
have to make those to get those
conversations off the ground how long
does me to have you call it a
revolutionary moment but a lot of
revolutions are the Peter out or there's
a counter revolution the counter
revolution has begun you're seeing with
the Catherine Deneuve's and the
Christian summers and so many other
people the counter revolution is
definitely here but how long do we have
we have forever we're dismantling a
system called patriarchy that has
existed forever
I think when Nana talks about men and
how they have to step up I think men
must understand that this is patriarchy
hurts them too patriarchy places the
burden of what we now call toxic
masculinity on men surely there are men
around and I believe they exist because
I know them who don't want to score who
don't want to pursue women who want to
have sex whether it's inside marriage
whether it's outside of marriage whether
it's with another man or another woman
in a way that both partners or all
partners involved are enjoying it and no
one text the next day as Grace texted to
Aziz Ansari to tell him that she felt
violated and very exposed now let me ask
you that question too about the
revolutionary moment moaña mentioned the
revolutionary do you believe this is a
revolutionary moment and if so how long
does it have I think it's a particular
moment but actually think the revolution
has been going on for a long time
woman speaking up about sexual violence
is not new women have been pressing for
loss against sexual violence for loss
against domestic violence for loss
against marital rape in many countries
around the world for a long time so it's
just that me too as a campaign that has
hits the global limelight at this
particular moment in time but it is part
of ongoing work to dismantle the system
that oppresses women and it's work that
it's going on and will need to continue
to go and it needs
refunded and needs to be supported Donna
Ranjana moana will have to leave it
there thank you very much for having
this discussion I know we need many more
discussions like this I appreciate you
taking time out that's our show
upfront we'll be back next week
