for years on has Vladimir Putin won the
war in Ukraine I'll ask Ukraine's Deputy
Prime Minister
I'm Mandy Hassan when Brazilians head to
the polls this Sunday will they elect a
fascist president enjoyable cenar oh and
could the world's largest democracy
really see a return to military rule
under his leadership
that's our discussion but first the
conflict in Ukraine has left thousands
dead and more than a million people
displaced with Russia and it's proxies
still in control of Crimea and the
Donbass region is there any end in sight
to this conflict and how worried should
we be about neo-nazi militias fighting
on the Ukrainian side earlier I spoke to
this week's headliner Ukraine's Deputy
Prime Minister Ivana Klim Bush since
that's a Ivana Klim Bush since I'd say
thanks for joining me on upfront Vice
Prime Minister is it fair to say that
more than four years into this conflict
your government the government of
Ukraine has lost a war with Russia in
eastern Ukraine it's totally the
opposite I think because I think that
Ukraine is winning the war because
Ukraine is defending itself defending
its territory if at the beginning we had
to fight with volunteer battalions at
this point we have one of the strongest
armies in Europe it ranks 10th in Europe
right now and we have the capacity to do
with health this attacks of the Russian
Federation moreover I think we have been
also successful in in securing the
worldwide support to stand united and to
deter the aggression of the Russian
Federation you say you're winning and
that you have one of the strongest
armies in Europe yet you still don't
control Donbass the territory roughly
the size of Kosovo with a population of
more than 6 million people pro-russian
separatists have controlled that region
of Ukraine since the summer of 2014 and
you're nowhere near to getting rid of
them and getting that back are you well
it's not about pro-russian separatists
and we have to straighten up our
language it's about regular Russian army
which is on the territory of Ukraine all
of the so-called separatists they have
been aligned and trained and provided
with weapons by the Russian Federation
and they have been managed by the
Russian Federation cause you have
beaten them and you haven't taken back
Donbass and we're into the fifth year of
this war how can you say you're winning
because we have taken a very conscious
decision to follow on the international
law and we are adhering to the Minsk
agreements that we've our president has
signed and we have promised that we will
be taking over the territories back only
by political and diplomatic winds but
not with the attacks by our military we
have to be able to name spade a spade
and not pretend that there is any type
of civil war of whatever
going on in Ukraine it's and foreign
aggression and Ukraine is taking care of
itself
and holding this holding this attack
from the Russian Federation and yes
unfortunately we're spending a huge
human capital on on this war
unfortunately we have so many people
that we have more than 25,000 wounded as
well both civilians and military and
it's not easy and I think that calls on
the international community to work more
in in unites you in United fashion
together and to ensure that they're
creating pressure for the Russian
Federation you say it's all foreign
aggression not a civil war and obviously
foreign aggression is a big part of the
story no doubt about it but to say
there's no civil conflict is just
disingenuous you take Crimea for example
which the Russians took over had its
controversial referendum in 2014 now we
can argue about the polling or the
referendum results but the reality is
lots and lots of ethnic Russians living
in Crimea were perfectly happy to not be
part of Ukraine and to be part of Russia
since then you've had more ethnic
Russians moving into Crimea you've had
Ukrainians leaving Crimea the Russians
have expanded their presence in Crimea
you're never getting Crimea back surely
that's a reality now that you just have
to accept no we don't have to accept
this reality we've seen the example of
Baltic States that have been occupied by
the Soviet Union for more than 50 years
and for that matter the u.s. for example
did not recognize this this occupation
of the
as a legal one of the USSR of these
Baltic republics and that's exactly will
be the case that with Crimea right will
one day come back home just saying would
you meet me halfway and say there are
plenty of people who are not happy with
rule from Kiev would you accept that and
it's not about being unhappy with the
roof of from Kiev it's about that fact
that quite a few of Russian citizens
have already moved in Crimea at this
particular point that the terror and the
human rights violations in Crimea are
just terrific people are afraid to speak
out and no one's denying the human
rights abuses either by Russian forces
or Russian separatists but the UN which
have monitored the conflict and produced
reports on the conflict have put out
detailed reports accusing both sides of
human rights abuses they have accused
the government of Ukraine of using
artillery and shelling against civilian
areas what's your response to the United
Nations we have this special monitoring
mission of the OSCE on the territory of
Ukraine and now we are talking with you
about don't pass we are not talking
about Crimea let's be straight about
that and clear about that yes and we are
very appreciative that we have this
mission because this mission
particularly can give objective
information on what is happening
Ukrainian military do have the right to
fight back when they are being or when
they are being shelled by the Russian
forces they don't have the right to
shell civilian areas which is what human
rights and international monitors have
said it's not about selling the civilian
areas but unfortunately sometimes
Russian Federation forces are stationing
their ammunition in for example
kindergarten in for example the hospital
so there could be something that is
going in the direction of the particular
ammunition there the Russians say that
your country your government is a hotbed
of fascists and neo-nazis which is
obviously not true I know the far-right
have not done very well so they don't
they aren't doing well electorally but
here's the problem
outside of elections they do have a
presence in Ukraine and even in
Parliament you have a Speaker of
Parliament and repr OB who was the coke
of a neo-nazi party Svoboda formerly
known as the social National Party of
Ukraine which was founded on the basis
that quote we are the last hope of the
white race pretty embarrassing to have
someone like that as a speaker of your
Parliament I think you're running this
on the false information okay first of
all speaker Toby has nothing to do with
anything of neo-nazis or ultra right did
he not co-found Swoboda was called the
social National Party which was based on
the National never been part of civil
board that's one thing another one he
has been part of knurled neurocranium
which has nothing to do with this but
that's one thing and another thing is
that Ukrainians as opposed to many of
the European countries right now do not
have ultra rights in the Parliament for
example I'm I would be worried about all
this ultra rights getting to the
parliaments in Germany to the to the
parliaments in Italy to the parliaments
in other countries of Europe speaker
parubiy
is absolutely centrist it's so well
documented fact in Ukraine and beyond as
you know that he was the cofounders of
the social National Party which is a
far-right is you can you can judge by
his days whatever he is doing and he has
nothing to do with ultra-right parties
that's one people people can look it up
for themselves it's not just a speaker
of your Parliament no it's the it's your
government's interior minister your
cabinet colleague arsen avakov who has
close ties to the Azov battalion which
is a neo-nazi militia that uses symbols
borrowed from the waffen-ss he even
appointed and as of commander is police
chief of the kiev region which was
condemned by the chief rabbi of Ukraine
I am okay with the police chief in Kiev
with the police chief in Ukraine who are
providing for a security organization of
cave prides which we've been having
every single a year for a couple of
years in their row and they are growing
in their in their numbers I am okay with
them providing are you okay with the
Azov battalion which is one of the
strongest militias are trained okay
they're not family showing their
professional work on the on at the work
of the boys
with the Italian that does not have
anything to do with any political
affiliation I I think that we are making
sure that people who have been accused
of and who have been actually doing have
been seen as doing something wrong they
would be brought to the justice and
beautiful they've been brought this
called the national militia your
government has brought in a bunch of
militias into the military security
services you know that I think it 6th
quite a few of our international
observers were so dissatisfied and so
concerned with the fact that Ukrainians
first were fighting the war against
Russian Federation with thee with the
help of volunteer battalions and now and
then there was a request and there was a
clear willingness also from the
Ukrainian side to ensure that those
volunteer battalions would become parts
of the whoever wants to continue serving
would become parts of the Armed Forces
all the police and and therefore whoever
was serving well and whoever wanted to
even if they're from many groups free
they I'm not talking about a battalion
volunteer battalion to be a white
supremacist neo-nazi group because their
members wear swastikas their founder
talks about the white supremacy and
white pride do you consider the Azov
battalion to be a neo-nazi group in
every single in every single country you
would have different people of the state
are you going on so that has nothing to
do with any battalion is linked to the
state now there is no linkage of the of
the Azov battalion to the state no it
should be even easier for you to discern
them do you consider them to be a
neo-nazi group I do not think that they
are neo-nazi group but they do not they
are not connected to this
and that's where the the red line is and
when Amnesty International says the
Ukrainian state is rapidly losing its
monopoly on violence pointed to all
these militias that now control the
streets in agreement with your interior
ministry that doesn't worry you you want
to be a liberal democracy joined the EU
and you have these militias basically
attacking LGBT protests attacking
gatherings of Roma supporters we toss it
I am full of disdain you know I'm the
one the government that is speaking out
with great concern and unless necessity
to react by law enforcement whenever
such cases are happening and I think it
would be wrong to just close the eyes if
something of that type is happening but
again you have to understand that's
quite a few cases that are being
portrayed or being reported initially as
some intolerant cases of attacks then it
turns out later on that it turns out
that quite a few of them do have the
Russian Russian trace in it Russia
when Human Rights Watch talks about
brutal attacks on Roma people LGBT
people rights actors when amnesty says
the same thing when Freedom House says
it's ending is that all a Russian
conspiracy no but partially it is that's
one thing and the other yes yes there
are there are there are cases where
Russia is working unfortunately very
actively also inside Ukraine that's one
thing and another thing is that whenever
these cases are happening we are
reacting fiercely against them and the
law enforcement is taking care of that
and we're you know I would also want to
see more more professional approach back
home but I think when you are rebuilding
the whole institution sometimes it takes
time to rebuild them and it takes time
for them to to react properly so yes we
do have separate cases and I'm very
concerned for example with what has
happened with Roma people and definitely
you know I'm one of those that is
speaking out at the governmental level
at the national level in order to ensure
that this is not happening anymore
next year you're going to have
presidential elections in Ukraine in
March 2019 its president
poroshenko going to run again in that
election do you think he should run
again he's been dogged with all sorts of
allegations about corruption etc I think
that President poroshenko has done
incredible job of uniting the nation and
leading it against their aggression and
also working very closely with all the
international allies and I think that he
should run because right now we do have
you know quite a ground for populism in
Ukraine and and the other forces that
are raising their heads are not as
genuine as they are trying to portray
themselves unfortunately Vice Prime
Minister since I'd say we'll have to
leave it there thank you for joining me
on upfront
thank you on October 28th Brazilians
will head to the polls with far-right
candidate Jeb Olson are ou expected to
win the presidency he's an ex-army
captain who makes Trump and duterte look
like moderates he's known for praising
torture telling a female Congress or and
she was too ugly for him to rape her and
saying he'd rather his son die than come
out as gay so what's behind this sudden
rise of an inflammatory figure like
bolson ro who threatens violence against
his opponents and yearns for military
dictatorship and is the world's fourth
largest democracy under threat if he
wins joining me to discuss this are
David Miranda a city councilman for Rio
de Janeiro from the socialism and
liberty Party who ran for a
congressional seat earlier this month
and Monica has a professor of
international relations at the Catholic
University of Rio we also did reach out
to several bowls and our supporters who
all declined our invitation
David Monica thank you both for joining
me on upfront
Monica why are Brazilians voting in such
huge numbers for a man who suggested
Brazil should return to a military
regime has threatened his opponents what
has happened to millions of Brazilians
the world is wondering I think that
there are processes that are peculiar to
Brazil and some of these processes are
more international there is a huge
feeling of exclusion exclusion from
social and economic life but also
exclusion from political life and people
are reacting with indignation and they
found in this candidate channel
to express their indignation because he
is so different from all the other
political parties and political leaders
that we have had so it is indeed a very
sad that no other political party or
political leader was able to challenge
this feeling of indignation but we are
waiting for the results and there is a
huge amount of activity in civil society
and reaction to the terrible things that
he has been saying and and defending and
on the terrible things he's been saying
Monica the international media have
called him Brazil's Trump but in many
ways he's far more extreme than Donald
Trump isn't he yes I think then it's
quite different actually it's it's
related but it's quite different the way
he talks about violence as a solution
for internal problems is quite different
from Donald Trump there are similarities
in terms of the kind of populism of from
the right but in fact it is quite
different and more extreme I totally
agree with you David what do you make of
the comparisons between bolson arrow and
Trump yeah I think Monica had said that
right I think he's more close to the
Filipinas President or the Egypt
dictatorship we can say they like the
way he expressed so much hate on the
hate speech has already have Riyadh
since he wants the first turn person to
the streets so he's just use people's
fear and his expectations there he can
be the person who can break the system
they desperately need to be break and so
yeah he's nothing like Trump your party
your party adds to the bowl scenario
surge the very left-wing socialism and
Liberty Party won just five seats in the
lower house it's one of the reasons you
didn't get elected to Parliament
yourself the center-left Workers Party
the PT despite governing Brazil for 14
years trailed bolson era by 17 percent
in the first round of the election so
isn't a lot of his success to do with
the failures of the Brazilian left yes
we have a untie PT movement there is
growing since 2013 and it grows so much
Lulla it's uh it's in a prison now from
the prison he tried to win this election
and that was a mistake there bt lat
askew so there was a split between the
laughed and like a lot of fight but now
in a second round we are all unite
together nevertheless just have to say
bt has made a lot of mistakes along the
years so the part of the left criticized
PT for that I think other candidates
would be able to beat but BOSU Nara but
like Haddad will see and am i right in
saying Monica he doesn't have corruption
allegations against him which helps him
in a country where a lot of politicians
are corrupt I think I think that that
the Brazilian political system is
actually very much prone to corruption
this is a huge problem it came out
during the the Workers Party tenure
because they actually allowed it to come
out and they allowed it to be
investigated so they are of course to
blame for their involvement and the
people that were involved in in in
corruption but it is not true that other
parties and the bosun ro and the people
close to him were not involved in
corruption these investigations have
been very much focused on PT and the
other party no that's true that's to
give him a chance like with Trump let me
ask you this Monica how worried should
we be the rest of the world and
Brazilians themselves that Brazil the
world's fourth largest democracy could
head back into an era of military rule
balsa mara has praised the former
military dictator he's praised Colonels
who tortured people he has asked for a
Nana he's asked for a celebration of the
military dictatorship which I think you
wanted to mark the 50th anniversary of
Brazil's military dictatorship a few
years ago how worried should we be that
military rule is on the horizon again
and
well that depends on what you call
military rule I don't think there's
gonna be a coup in Brazil I think that
the military are going to be absolutely
central to this new government if most
Renato is elected I think they see this
process as you know their their ability
to acquire control over government and
the state David let me ask you this
David can Brazilian democracy survive a
Bolton era president in your view
definitely I mean it's we have a we are
talking about a young democracy but we
are talking about a huge country and
there's a lot of people fighting for it
but I want to just go back like the part
of you asked about the corruption about
ba Cynara it is true that we have
accusations that he use money for this
election to use his sprat fake news and
true companies now that we are not
allowed to use company names for a lot
of money for anything here in the Brazil
so he's not like the good guy there is
knock her up he is corrupt he's just not
to be corrupt in the eyes of the people
because of like how he's trying to
present himself he is so but going back
to the I god the democracy I think we're
gonna have a resistance there's gonna be
a resistance everywhere like with the
artist is already journalists are
speaking and going forward but quitting
their job to the resistance in the u.s.
which does represent the majority of
Americans in Brazil it looks like the
majority of Brazilians according to the
polls and according to what we're
looking at for the second round do
support bolson ro sadly yes they do they
do like it's mm-hmm it's for 40% of the
Brazilian population does not support
him and would not vote for him for him
in any instance so let's
that still leaves him with the majority
and Monica let me put this to you do you
think Brazilian democracy can survive a
pulse on our presidency I think that the
the electoral process can survive I
think that
many of the rights that the 1988
Constitution created are in danger but
you know rights we lose rights and then
we fight and we last question for you
both David you're a high profile gay
leftist moniker you're a female academic
do both of you worry about your personal
safety or security in a Brazil led by
jr. ball Sonora I think that ya worry
about our security in terms of the level
of violence that is already happening in
the streets because he's asking people
to be violent because the motto is
violent but for sure people that are on
the left that are gay and that our
indigenous indigenous population will
will suffer enormous Lee for sure the
people that live in the poorer parts of
the country the people that suffer from
racist discrimination okay all these
people need the law to be protected
David are you worried yeah yeah I'm very
worried like Mary Ellie Franco well shot
four times I had a kill she was
electrofisher and there was like no
answer for her killing this year both
Inara just say two weeks ago that he
wants every police hole kills when
they're using the the uniform not be
persecuted so he's giving a white card
to every police to kill in the city and
they're gonna hunt down
they already hunting down LGBT people in
the favelas but people are slaughtered
we are the people are going to be in the
front line we are the ones were gonna be
got shot in first obviously we're afraid
obviously but fight for democracy is the
only way we keep forward even if he is
elected there will be a resistance and
the country is gonna pass for a hard
hard time but I think the country will
have in will prevail remember we are
such a young democracy we are 30
the years old of democracy so it's hard
for people to remember what democracy is
one is such a small thing and this
generation don't even know what how to
give it value to it David Monaco will
have to leave it there thank you both
for joining me on upfront that's our
show
upfront we'll be back next week
you
