it started here at atatürk International
Airport in the early hours of October
the second a sequence of events that led
to the death of Jamal keshavjee based on
leaked video surveillance this is the
timeline at 328 one of two private jets
on the runway is picked out by
investigators transfer vehicles take
their passengers to the private jet
terminal at 337 it's the first sighting
of one half of the team from Saudi
Arabia it's now 429 they're leaving the
airport the processing has taken nearly
an hour
just over 30 minutes later at 5:05
part of the team arrived here at the
mövenpick hotel my trip is seen in the
foreground of this lift it isn't until
9:40 that he's seen again leading the
team 15 minutes later Matt Freeman
arrives here at the Saudi Arabia
consulate he goes inside matera band
other members of the team including
salah muhammad alto biggie an autopsy
expert make preparations their target
jamal kesaji approaches more than three
hours later with his fiance had TJ's
Yankees
it's 1313 they agree that if anything
goes wrong she should alert a trusted
contact a Turkish government official
it's the last had TJ sees of her fiance
as he walks into a trap at 13 14 inside
the Turkish and Saudi versions of events
conflict gruesome accounts of
Cassiopeia's torture and alleged murder
in transcripts leaked from an audio
recording held by the Turks and 17 days
after what happens here the Saudis say
the team were acting with no orders from
Mohammed bin Salman the Saudi Crown
Prince keshavjee was killed
inadvertently they said when he was
restrained in real time his fiance was
waiting anxiously outside at 17 33 she
had made the call for help but it was
too late the man who had risked his life
to get a document proving his marital
status allowing his wedding to go ahead
was dead although confirmation was to
take another 17 days it could have been
a script from a Hollywood movie set but
in real time a trauma is beginning to
play out for her TJ and Turkish
intelligence and security agents start
to race against the clock
once alerted undercover agents rushed
here to Ataturk Airport one of the
planes is searched and baggage checked
between 1957 and 2011 at least some of
the team is seen leaving hotels in small
groups at 2100 this the second of the
private jets is preparing for takeoff
it's a timeline that lasted nearly 18
hours the day Jamal keshavjee who dared
to criticize the rule of Mohammed bin
Salman is declared missing but he's
really dead the only thing that is
missing is his body
