China has been attempting to interfere
in our upcoming 2018 election quite the
accusation and quite the reaction from
China Washington and Beijing have been
at loggerheads for much of this year
from an escalating trade war to a
military and a political standoff so
what's behind this growing dispute this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program today
with me Peter Dhabi now the US president
Donald Trump sitting at the head of the
UN Security Council was always going to
be an interesting watch it was an
opportunity he used to go after Iran and
to attack those who still back the 2015
Iranian nuclear agreement but he saved
his strongest accusations for China
addressing permanent Council members
including France Russia and the UK mr.
Trump said Beijing was trying to
interfere in the crucial u.s. midterm
elections this coming November without
providing any evidence he said China did
not want Republicans to win the Chinese
foreign minister promptly rejected those
claims calling them unwarranted
accusations in some of what mr. Trump
had to say regrettably we found that
China has been attempting to interfere
in our upcoming 2018 election coming up
in November against my administration
they do not want me or us to win because
I am the first president ever to
challenge China on trade and we are
winning on trade we are winning at every
level just um go to wedge or uncle China
has all along followed the principle of
non-interference in other countries
domestic affairs this is a tradition of
Chinese foreign policy our observance of
this principle has received acclaim from
the international community we did not
and will not interfere in any country's
domestic affairs we refuse to accept any
unwarranted accusations against China
and we call upon other countries to also
observe the purposes of the UN Charter
and not to interfere in other countries
internal affairs let's take a closer
look at this deteriorating relationship
between the US and China well it all
started in January with mr. Trump stated
quote trade war with China so far the US
has imposed tariffs on two hundred and
fifty billion dollars worth of Chinese
goods Beijing has responded with similar
measures China has refused a u.s.
warship entry to hong kong harbor next
month
high-level meetings between American and
Chinese naval officers have also been
canceled and the u.s. is called for
sanctions on Chinese officials accusing
them of human rights abuses against the
minority Weger community okay let's get
going let's bring in our guests here on
Inside Story joining us today from
Beijing I in a tank and political and
economic affairs analyst in Philadelphia
we'll be talking to Joe Watkins
Republican strategist and formerly a
White House aide to President George W
Bush and joining us on skype from Hong
Kong
Pauline Leung managing director of Asia
analytic
welcome to you all Ayana coming to you
first quiet Ahnold Trump saying this
well there's a lot of feeling that he's
looking to divert attention both from
his political problems domestically
Cavanaugh Mulder you know all the
lawsuits everything that's going on
there when you're your attorney you're
you know people in your administrations
have turned on you and they're writing
books which are very very very damaging
to him yes he's looking for some way to
do that this is classic Trump you figure
out another target you don't want to
talk about Russian involvement in the
election you just start saying China is
on it and you know and the proof was in
the pudding I mean he was not able to
turn to anything the the ad in the in
the newspaper was underwritten by China
Daily
there was no subterfuge they were just
simply bringing forth their idea about
what trade should be like and where they
wanted to buy their soybeans Joe Watkins
in Philadelphia if you were advising
this White House administration this
Republican administration would you be
saying to them yes Beijing wants to mess
with the midterm elections come November
well that's certainly the path of least
resistance when you have when you
consider some of the other challenges
that the administration is facing right
now that would be a logical way to go
especially given the fact that the this
there's a trade war the president does
want to remind his base especially in
Americans that he's the one that made
good on his promise to to to redo these
trade agreements with with
major countries and clearly he has done
that I mean he has created conflict with
countries that have been friends and
allies for a long long time and clearly
his is 250 billion dollar tariff
imposition on China hasn't gone
unnoticed China clearly is not happy
about it
president Trump knows it he has a three
hundred and thirty five billion dollar
trade gap there to try to close and and
he's glad to trumpet that and he's glad
of course to say that as along with his
national security advisor john bolton
and also his national director of
intelligence dan coach have said that
china along with three other countries
are folks are they are watching because
they suspect them of meddling in the
midterm elections which are not far far
off so yeah it makes sense that he would
point to this and make mention of it at
the at the UN yesterday pauline loon in
hong kong he says he's the first
president to really challenge china on
trade is that an accurate description of
his presidency and an inaccurate
description of other presidencies well
what is unusual about this president is
that he seems to be campaigning all the
time rather than having been installed
as president at presidential what is
happening is that at the UN he names
china but he it's not about China at all
he seems to be talking essentially to
his supporters back home he is framing
it as if you support me support China if
you don't support me then you are a
supported China
well no red-blooded American wants to be
accused of supporting anybody but
America so Joe Watkins in Philadelphia
there's a central contradiction or a
dichotomy here isn't there he says he's
the first president to challenge China
on trade and yet flip that around he
also says the trade war was already up
and running before he became US
president it
can't be both well the president is
known to make comments that later on are
fact-checked
and and but nonetheless he is trying to
underscore his point I suppose at least
by again reaffirming with his base that
he's made good on his promise to start a
trade war and that he isn't afraid to
start one with China especially to try
to close that trade deficit gap that
currently exists and so he's made good
on his promise he wants the base to know
that again we're facing midterm
elections where Republicans stand a very
good chance of losing control of the
House of Representatives and now they
stand an equally big challenge on the
Senate side where it wasn't earlier
suspected that they might lose control
of the US Senate but now Republicans
could possibly lose control of the
United States Senate as well so yes the
president has to talk to the base yes to
try to gin up support among Republicans
and Americans who are going to be going
to the polls and a little over a month
to vote for members of the House and the
Senate to say guess what you like what
I'm doing don't you I'm doing this in
the best inch of America so that's his
pitch and he's reminding the voters of
that by by the comments he made
yesterday
I know sanguine in Beijing you already
mentioned the newspaper adverts there
was another advert in the Des Moines
Register that's crucial because that
state has a lot of soya bean trade and
that's one of the the businesses in
America that's being directly affected
in a highly negative way
because of this trade war with China
putting the advert in the Des Moines
Register is that politics or is it trade
it's both and quite frankly the US we've
had a long long history of doing that I
mean what what do you radio free
europe/radio free China all of these are
propaganda entities that we use now in
terms of Donald Trump he has a long
history of vilifying people remember he
he he said Ted Cruz's father was
involved in JFK's assassination and but
the main point you should be driving
here is everyone keeps talking about
China stole jobs China is stealing IP
there are cases but I would you know Joe
can you tell me you know name off five
six cases where
you know China has stolen IP as a nation
not business-to-business just simply
what has a state-owned enterprises come
and either taken jobs or taken IP
Pauline in Hong Kong in theory in about
three and a half or four weeks the USS
Wasp was scheduled to sail into Hong
Kong harbour that's where you're sitting
right now it's not going to happen is
that significant yes but it should not
have come as a surprise to anyone this
so-called trade war has never been just
about dollars and cents who is buying
more from whom basically I see this as
two economies in a race for global
dominance technological dominance trade
dominance and suddenly is spilling over
into everything else and I see the
coming of not so much a cold war but the
beginning of an ice age between two
nations where they keep picking on each
other so no I'm not surprised that the
war she wasn't coming to her girls
should we also not be surprised Joe
Watkins in Philadelphia at the apparent
don't care about the anger that's been
generated because the United States is
selling f-16 spare parts to a certain
location very close to Beijing that
Beijing does not feel comfortable about
well the president is somebody who has a
history of of going hard against a
country and a countries leader and then
turning around and befriending them
witness of course the what happened with
North Korea were just a little over a
year ago the president was referring to
the North Korean leader is a little
rocket man and now he's chairman Kim and
he's somebody with whom the president
says he is happy to have a good
relationship the same is true with
China's president for life the president
even yesterday in the midst of his
comments about the trade war said that
he thought that he had a good
relationship and certainly hopes to have
one with with the China's leader so the
president oftentimes uses these trade
wars and other conflicts military
conflicts and disagreements as a way to
bring
his trading partners to the table to
negotiate and don't be surprised if the
president at some point goes back to the
table and and it has significant
discussions with China and they comes to
agreement with China on what is what he
would consider to be a fair agreement
but often times he uses these conflicts
as a way to bring his adversaries for
the moment to the table and with him
nobody's a permanent adversary and I
suppose nobody's a permanent friend so
the people with whom he may be fighting
today could well be his friend tomorrow
Joe you seem to be saying what we've
heard before commentators say about mr.
Trump and can I just turn that around
and put that point to you ina
when he said this about China allegedly
wanting to or is actually meddling in
the coming US midterm elections even his
own people were quite surprised by that
is it acceptable to you is it acceptable
to the administration in Beijing that
the world has to be told oh this is just
Donald Trump because this relationship
is crucial fiscally economically
politically diplomatically it will
continue to be crucial for at least
another what political generation 20 or
25 years is it acceptable to Beijing
that they just have to go with this line
of oh that's just who he is no it's not
acceptable Beijing I mean they they
first tried to flatter Donald Trump they
you know they invited him over they gave
him the plus treatments then they
thought maybe strategic patience they
were just kind of wait him out because
they didn't know what he was asking for
now it's become clear to them that he
really is antagonistic towards China's
form of government and not only their
economy but politically and you see this
not only in the trade things but also in
the military he's trying to clamp down I
don't think that this is going to be at
a art of the deal situation and I think
that myth is slowly going away anybody
who watched his his presser yesterday
and saw him go on for an hour and 20
minutes almost incoherently at times I
don't think anyone thinks that he's
fully in command of the economic facts
or the political ones so
how is all of this Trump talk being
portrayed in China itself Adrian Brown
our correspondent based in Beijing now
takes a look at the Chinese media's take
well here in China most people
especially the young get their news from
social media and online but they remain
two pillars of the media establishment
to traditional pillars
that's the people's daily newspaper very
much the paper of record here in China
and the main 7 o'clock news on
state-controlled TV that's watched by
more than 600 million people every
evening now so far these two outlets
have been fairly restrained in the way
they've been reporting the deepening
fracture in relations between Beijing
and Washington that's because several
weeks ago an instruction came from the
leadership saying that basically the
media in China should not use insulting
language when reporting on President
Donald Trump not to use the same sort of
language that he's been using about
China that's the situation domestically
internationally it's slightly different
because China has an english-language
overseas network that's seen you know
right around the world as well as the
United States where it has a major
broadcast center this enables of course
China to talk directly to you know
Trump's supporters and China's also been
you know basically buying advertising
space in provincial and regional papers
in places like places like Des Moines in
Iowa in the United States papers that
are read by farmers so that the Chinese
government is able to talk directly to
these people and that's what her so
upset President Donald Trump also in the
United States now the the China Daily
newspaper has a US Edition and that's
essentially free and it's handed out at
train stations and it's available in all
major cities across the United States
this is what's known as soft power and
right now that soft power is an
overdrive Adrian Brown al-jazeera
for Inside Story in Beijing
Pauline can you try and square something
away for us here on the one hand mr.
Trump seems to be saying look there was
no Russian collusion at all in his mind
that yet of course has to be proof in
one way or the other because of the
Muller investigation and yet on the
other hand he's saying he's potentially
and is the Republican Party they are
both as entities as political beasts on
the receiving end of potential possible
Chinese meddling ok Hong Kong has a
particular relationship with Beijing but
how for you do you think that will be
perceived at the highest level of
government in China basically I think
China has discovered that you cannot
take Donald Trump's words literally to
base your policy decisions on because he
seems to for him what's mean what he
wants it to mean and what and not what
most people think that they mean so I
think that China's right now taking a
more pragmatic approach and basically
not reacting too much to anything that
he says or does and quietly battening
down the hatches in the way of the
economy making friends elsewhere trying
to talk other countries into trade deals
rather than coming against him directly
Joe Watkins in Philadelphia what if this
trade war is just the tip of the iceberg
and the Chinese administration at some
level is thinking actually this guy is a
really good tactician he is actually a
really good strategist and he wants to
reorder what we've seen now for the best
part of 50 years well Donald Trump at
least in the point of the fact that
despite the turmoil at home and
certainly the the controversy and the
scandals he's going to be able to go
back to voters in 2019 and in 2020 is
that as the reelection approaches and
say I made good on everything I promise
to do when I ran in 2016 for the
presidency
and I deserve a second term he's going
to say that I I certainly shook things
up with regard to our trade agreements
around the around the world I brought
you a better relationship with North
Korea when there was a threat when I
first started to run for office and that
threat no longer exists he's going to
say that I gave you
tax relief by by by providing you with a
with a tax plan that certainly provides
relief for companies and for individuals
around the country he's going to say
that I strengthened the borders I made
it an issue and I made good on my
promise to strengthen the borders and I
made good on my promise to do something
about the threat of Isis he'll go on and
on about all the things that he promised
to do and his ability to at least to
have moved the dial on most of those
things and and that'll be a powerful
story for for Americans because as long
as the economy in the United States the
rate of unemployment remains under 4%
and and and and the economy is
relatively strong he's going to have a
very persuasive point to make
notwithstanding all of the controversies
or the the the lawsuits the scandals the
the tweets that have gone awry despite
all that he'll have a very strong story
to make and even in his comments
yesterday that he made a look saying
that China was trying to meddle in the
2018 midterm elections
he also took time to mention the fact
that there were four other countries
that China wasn't alone that it was also
Iran and North Korea as well as Russia
and we all know that he's trying to have
normalized relations with North Korea
and normalized relations with Russia and
and he even spoke kindly of Iran's
leader yesterday despite the more harsh
terms against the country so he's
somebody who wants to have a good
relationship with the leaders of the
countries but he's not afraid to talk
about what he thinks they may be doing
to undermine some of America's interests
so that makes a very persuasive case to
America and certainly as the 2020
election the reelection for the
presidency
comes around and Americans vote their
pocketbook and they vote national
security those are two issues that they
care about more than anything else
ina in Beijing what if this is nothing
more at the moment than creative
destruction on both sides and it's yet
to get to its ultimate level here well
first off I don't think you can blame
Beijing for Donald Trump imposing
tariffs on them I think from the public
Republican strategists point of view yes
I think they're all hoping that all of
these scandals go away somehow magically
but the real question and I agree is
going to be about the economy in the
u.s. if it's in a shambles as people are
foretelling and he's added 1.5 trillion
dollars to the deficit this is going to
sink him just as much as Joe is saying
that it's it's going to help him I just
don't see it happening if you talk to
your economists he simply doesn't
understand the US has to run trade
deficits the dollar hige enemy as the
world trade currency if we did not run
deficits it would literally dry up all
of the liquidity around the world where
people were using our dollars it's part
of what was envisioned in 1973 and this
is basic economics unfortunately neither
Donald Trump nor his closest aides
understand this Pauline would it be fair
to say this is a crucially important
relationship because both countries
fiscally economically are fantastically
powerful and also their economies can I
suggest you are intertwined and have to
continue to be intertwined trade war or
not yes I definitely agree this is a
very crucial relationship and trying to
understand that even today the commerce
ministry is saying hey let's calm down
let's negotiate let's talk there is a
done of the you know anger and
blustering that China might normally
forget with when its interests are
involved so China is very well aware of
the importance of the relationship but
as I said the two countries are
basically competing and they're not just
come
teaching commercially they're competing
in influence a geopolitical dominance in
other ways the relationship is just not
going to get warm and fuzzy at all it's
just going to be an ice age coming you
can have a an agreement a shorter one
okay we'll be okay with this tariff or
with that area you you're shake hands
but at the end of the day the two are
competitors
Joe who's doing the most to handle this
relationship not where it is today but
for the future for the good of the world
because everyone could benefit if this
relationship goes in the right direction
not in the wrong direction that
short-termism versus long-term ism this
is a really Donald Trump and and how
Donald Trump wants to proceed in terms
of building the relationship between the
United States and China and how Donald
Trump wishes to proceed with regards to
what happens with with this trade
dispute so and and the advisors are left
to fall in line behind the president
because he is the commander in chief
that hasn't always been the case with
presidents of the United States many of
them have leaned very heavily on their
advisors and taken the advice of their
advisors but this is not a president who
leans on the advice of advisors as much
as he leans on his own intuition so so
we should we should suspect that Donald
Trump is the one in charge here of the
policy and he's driving the policy right
now but don't suppose that that apology
policy can't be changed it can be
changed on a moment's notice depending
upon what he thinks is best for the for
the relationship and best for the United
States we have to leave it there many
thanks to all our guests today inot and
and Joe Watkins and Pauline and thank
you to you too for watching you can see
the show again any time via the website
aljazeera.com and for more discussion go
to our Facebook page that's Facebook
calm /aj Inside Story you can also join
the conversation on twitter our handle
is at aj insight story or on twitter i'm
pat peter w1 from me Peter Dhabi and the
team here in Doha thanks for watching
see you tomorrow
bye bye
you
