the US president seemed in upbeat mood
as he arrived here but between Israelis
and Palestinians that seems further away
than ever you might think that when
you've alienated one side in a
negotiation in this case the
Palestinians you might reach out to them
flanked by the Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu the author of the art
of the deal
showed that's not his way they
disrespected us a week ago by not
allowing our great vice president to see
them and we give them hundreds of
millions of dollars in aid and support
tremendous numbers numbers that nobody
understands that money is on the table
and that money is not going to them
unless they sit down and negotiate peace
because I can tell you that Israel
doesn't want to make peace and they're
gonna have to want to make peace too or
we're gonna have nothing to do with it
any longer of course the reason the vice
president Pence on his visit was shunned
by the Palestinian President and heckled
by Palestinian members of the Israeli
Parliament the Knesset was the
controversial u.s. decision late last
year to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's
capital something again praised in Davos
by Prime Minister Netanyahu they never
got past we took it off the table to
talk about it anymore
we won one point and you'll give up some
points later on the negotiation if it
ever takes place I don't know that it
ever will take place that seems to be a
complete misreading of the situation the
president is suggesting that he's
removing the stumbling block of
Jerusalem from the negotiations in fact
most believe he's making it an even more
divisive issue previous u.s.
administration's knew the recognition
card was one they needed to keep and not
use to maintain leverage
with the Israelis a two-state solution
requires pressure on the Israelis to
give up illegal settlements they built
on land that should form a Palestinian
nation great honor to be with you from
the Trump administration Israel seems to
get only praise and never pressure James
BAE's al Jazeera Davos
