from Afghanistan to South Sudan to Syria
aid groups that were once almost
universally viewed as neutral
increasingly find themselves targeted
why the change and what can be done to
make things safer for eight agencies and
the critical work they do
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim there was a time when
aid groups working in difficult places
were almost universally regarded as
neutrals in most conflicts all sides
respected them and while aid might have
been blocked from reaching particular
areas aid workers themselves were rarely
attacked but that era is long gone in
recent years aid groups and their
activities have frequently been targeted
in conflicts around the world
Wednesday's attack on the Jalalabad
office have saved the children was only
the latest example of what has become a
disturbing trend we begin with this
report from Jennifer glass the attack
began with a car bomb at the door of the
Save the Children office in Jalalabad
eastern Afghanistan the gunmen stormed
the building for more than eight hours
they battled Afghan security forces
while dozens have saved the children's
staff were trapped inside the building
was set on fire
eventually Afghan police and soldiers
killed the attackers and rescued the
staff Afghanistan is one of the most
dangerous places for children to be born
following decades of war insecurity and
poverty for 12 years safe the children
has worked with Afghan communities to
help kids survive but the attack on the
agency's office in Jalalabad suggests
it's becoming increasingly difficult for
staff to help Afghans without becoming
victims of the conflict themselves it's
quite possible to save the children
would leave Afghanistan and the onus is
on the Afghan government to provide
security for them latest statistics on
aid worker security show that over the
last 15 years their jobs have become
much more dangerous in 2016 there were a
hundred and fifty eight attacks on aid
organizations around the world in which
101 aid workers were killed
98 wounded and 89 kidnapped that's
almost tripled a number of attacks in
2003 South Sudan is the most dangerous
country for aid workers followed by
Afghanistan and Syria the UN
humanitarian coordinator calls
Afghanistan one of the most challenging
and dangerous environments for
humanitarians
in 2017 seventeen aid workers were
killed and 32 injured Doctors Without
Borders withdrew from the northern
Afghan city of Kunduz in 2015 after the
medical Charities Hospital was
mistakenly destroyed by a u.s. airstrike
and last year the International Red
Cross
which is operated in Afghanistan for
more than 30 years close to clinics and
limited its operations nationwide after
seven staff members were killed and
others abducted now we're in a very
explosive situation I think where we
know the community communities can no
longer guarantee our safety and our
access and that's now where it's
becoming extremely difficult to know who
we can rely on and that's that's the
challenge today more so than in the last
30 years
Afghanistan is dependent on aid
organizations if gunmen were to drive
them out the Afghan government can't
support the social services programs on
which millions of Afghans depend Save
the Children says it helps 1.4 million
children in Afghanistan and it's
committed to its work here the
organization would like to restart its
programs but it can only do so when it's
short its staff can work safely
Jennifer glass al Jazeera Kabul
let's bring in our guests in Geneva we
have francois del floss he is the
project manager of attacks on hospitals
with Doctors Without Borders also known
by its French initials MSF joining us
via Skype from Juba is Mary Mort Fett
she is the spokeswoman with the
International Committee of the Red Cross
in South Sudan and finally David Sydney
he is a former US Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense for Afghanistan and
Pakistan and is now a senior fellow
Center for Strategic and International
Studies welcome to you all
Ahmadi I want to start with you I often
speak with aid workers in conflict zones
who tell me about how much the situation
is deteriorating how much risk they face
can you tell our viewers about how hard
it is for you and your colleagues to
operate out of a place like South Sudan
of course when we work in a place like
South Sudan there's a risk this is a
country in war it is a country where
civilians are targeted every day and for
us as well here in for the Red Cross
national Red Cross committee here in
South Sudan we also lost one of our
staff members in September last year
this was the most serious attack that we
had seen on the ICRC in very many years
here in South Sudan and of course this
is something that we are very sad about
and something that we were affected by
every day in our daily work here in
South Sudan so Mari how hard is it for
you on a personal level when you've lost
friends and you've lost colleagues you
want to serve the needs of the most
vulnerable but you also realize that you
and your colleagues are increasingly
coming under attack I mean when Kennedy
our ICRC staff member was shot and
killed in September last year he was a
South Sudanese that had been working
with ICRC since 2014 when that happened
we could really see that the sat
Sudanese staff as well as the
international staff here in South Sudan
we really got together and we were
shocked and saddened by by what happened
and this is something that reminded us
about the vulnerable and fragile
environment that we are working in it of
course is not something that should
shock us too much of course this can
happen we are working in a war and
conflict environment here in South Sudan
but when this happened we really we
really saw that the South Sudanese
colleague and the international
colleague as well we're supporting the
family of the ICC staff member that was
was killed when this happened David what
did the situation used to be like in
places like Afghanistan for humanitarian
workers for for aid groups I mean was it
really safer for them 15 20 25 years ago
to operate out of places like that it it
was somewhat safer in some areas but
attacks against aid workers in
Afghanistan go back certainly for the 15
or so years that I've been involved in
tax in 2002 and three on ICRC and MSF
groups that were working to help
Afghanistan happen back then as well but
I think the the number and severity of
them have increased as have the as has
the use of kidnappings I spent the last
year as president of the American
University of Afghanistan and Kabul and
we have two professors who a year and a
half ago were kidnapped by the Taliban
remained imprisoned by the Taliban and
so I believe it's a much more dangerous
situation certainly in Afghanistan now
than it was even five or ten years ago
France while picking up on on what David
said you know one of the things that led
to the UN Security Council resolution
2216 passed in 2016 was the destruction
of the Doctors Without Borders Hospital
that could induce trauma center you know
but hasn't violence against humanitarian
groups only worsened since then I think
it's we have to be a first I would like
to highlight one thing is that the
violence against aid worker humanitarian
worker is a symptom of the general
violence that the civilian population
income figures on are suffering from so
the
obviously we take account of our own
staff being victim of attack patient
being victim of attack but also the
general population as also direct victim
of this level of violence second I think
it's difficult to say that there is an
increasing trend for several reasons
first the capacity to analyze the type
of attack and the motivation behind I
think it's very contextual in some
country like Afghanistan there is an
increasing trend of for instances
mention kidnapping in other country it
will be an increasing trend of ail
bombing against health facilities
it's very contextual and one have to
remind also that it's difficult to make
comparison between epic because nowadays
there is much bigger number of
humanitarian work being deployed
worldwide than 20 years ago so it's
difficult to have to draw from that
not a crate for instance and I think
what is important is that what we are
facing and therefore the UN resolution
2286 you were mentioning what we are
facing is a new way to to run warfare in
an increasingly in an increasing number
of contexts namely Yemen Syria
Afghanistan
so you mentioned conduces patrol bombing
three years ago but we did face
increasingly a number of al bombing of
health care facilities whether it be
intentionally as as the tactic of Wow
whether it be unintentionally in the fog
of war the US authorities told us
regarding caduceus patrol and this new
modern warfare which is disrespectful of
humanitarian aid as neutral impartial
and independent type of aid together
with what we are afraid of his the
criminalization also of humanitarian aid
in the speech by state authorities I
think it's very important for us and
therefore so I think it's a break food
that we were able to reach this UN
resolution despite the fact that it's
not yet operationalized that will be the
next step for us the criminalization of
humanitarian aid basically criminalizing
humanitarian aid being provided to a
group labelled as criminal labelled as
terrorist is a real burden or capacity
as organization to deploy independent
impartial and neutral
assistance where it's needed and this is
also eroding some how to perceive
neutrality and impartiality that we are
seeking for and we are relying on it for
own security David I want to ask you
when the United Nations and the Red
Cross headquarters in Baghdad were
destroyed just a few weeks apart in 2003
those events shocked the world today
these attacks on aid groups generate far
fewer headlines
so has attacking a group like Save the
Children gone from being unconscionable
and unprecedented to being expected
nowadays I wouldn't say it's gone to
being accepted at all and I think the
reaction both in Afghanistan and around
the world to attacks such as the one the
other day on the state the children's
remain strong however I think it really
needs to be seen in the overall context
of violence and violence against
civilians around the world fifteen or
fifteen years ago at the end of the Cold
War I think many people believed that
the world was on the course to a better
future that attacks on civilians that
conflicts were going to be reduced sadly
is the horrible tragedy in Syria the
conflict there the humanitarian disaster
has shown that's not the case
a human capacity for violence and
cruelty has not abated
in fact in some cases in some areas
there's been a great deal of increase so
I think what we've seen is an overall
increase in attacks and attacks against
civilians and as was just mentioned
often often abetted by by governments so
I think it's it's an overall trend in
Afghanistan specifically I would note
that in the years since 2014 when US and
NATO forces were withdrawn from combat
every year since then the number
tax on civilians have increased so it's
a situation there where the withdrawal
of foreign forces didn't solve the
problem it actually appears to have made
things worse today but in your opinion
are there concrete steps that can be
taken to reverse what some say see as a
very disturbing trend well I think the
UN resolution you mentioned and the
willingness of governments to actually
enforce it could help during this last
10 to 15 years a number of governments
around the world the government of
pakistan for example the government of
china the government of egypt and others
have spoken out very strongly against
the activities of international NGOs and
portrayed them as enemies of the country
enemies of the people
so i think that change in a number of
countries to seeing ngos as the enemy as
part of an overall climate that the some
of these attacks flourish in so i think
working with those governments to
reclaim that neutral space that aid and
NGO agencies have around the world is
very important and I hope the UN
resolution and the work of those who
support it is successful mari how much
of a threat do groups like yours face
from non-state actors versus how much of
a threat they face from state actors
these days so I think you're you're
asking an important question there and
as well of course in the last year's in
the last six years we have seen more on
with emerging globally than in the
previous six decades and this is of
course making our work as a neutral
independent and humanitarian actor more
complicated because it needs it means
that we will have to have dialogue with
more parties to the conflict it's a
complex situation that we work in in
South Sudan as well as very many other
places in the world and I think it's
important as well for a process that I
see to emphasize that this is not a new
phenomenon for the ICRC we have been
working in war in conflict areas for
more than 150 years and being you know
in on the front line it's always
challenging it always has been but I
think what we have seen also here in
South Sudan is that the front lines are
now very much closer to where the
civilians are actually living this means
that we also have to be very much closer
to the
the frontlines because that's where we
are to give humanitarian aid to the
civilian population of South Sudan
Francois is one of the aspects of all
this that international humanitarian law
is simply being disregarded more by by
governments and by non-state actors yeah
I think so it's and I totally agree with
my colleague from ICRC that it's it's
not a new trend but what we have
witnessed lately recently is a
disrespect on increasing this respect in
a increasing number of context of IHL
therefore the UN resolution is very
important but the UN resolution 2280
seekest such is meaningless it's if it's
not enforced by States so translating
into domestic law and translating into
one manual and so on so what we are
fearing is that this resolution is just
stay at this symbolic level not being
operationalized but yes definitely what
we see in Yemen Afghanistan Syria and so
many other contexts is increasing
disregard by States for IHL in the
conduct of Wow
the non-state actor are obviously also
very much behind number of violent
attack of different nature looting of
hospital and the key element is also our
capacity as humanitarian work to be able
to engage with those non-state actor in
order to do so we states were conducting
conducting operation counterterrorism
operation for instance Niq Niq to
acknowledge that it's also important for
own security and now capacity to a
neutral and impartial activity in some
context to engage with those non-state
actor whether they be labelled as a
terrorist group
criminal group Infinitis it's very
important for our own security that we
eyeball and
to engage with those different non-state
actor and agree that one of the contact
element of context of it's an increasing
complexity with an increasing number of
group an increasing number of complex
ideology behind the capacity to engage
with those different group for
humanitarian organization is a real key
challenge Marie one of the things I hear
from lots of aid workers who work in
conflict zones is that increasingly they
have to take more measures for their
security for their colleague security
that means they have to go around with a
much lower profile in many cases they
can't wear the logos of the groups that
they're working with which would make
them more identifiable does something
like that mean that these groups might
be regarded with more suspicion by
locals because they think that these
groups might have something to hide does
that make the work even more difficult
and more perilous I think I can only
speak for the International Red Cross
and our our use of the emblem which is
basically our protection and that's also
very important for us emphasized in this
context that we are as a neutral
independent and humanitarian actor we
are completely dependent on our emblem
we need our emblem for people to
understand who we are why we are there
and we need to be transparent when we
speak to different parties of the
conflict and as I was saying of course
this work is more extensive now we have
to have dialogue with more parties of
more conflicts because of the complexity
of different fractions inside their
armed groups but for us the emblem is
our definite protection and we do gain
that protection by talking about
international humanitarian law and
training armed groups as well as
civilian population about the importance
of having an actor like the ICRC
questions so that we are able to give
neutral and communitarian assistance
this is why we are here and that is what
we are continuing to doing in the
context also of the South Sudan David
from your vantage point which what more
can the international community do
to protect humanitarian organizations
well first to actually apply the UN
Security Council resolution as as the
previous as this previous speaker
mentioned but beyond that I think that
making the case both to state actors and
to non-state actors of the importance of
protecting aid workers rather than using
them as objects is something and yes it
has been a problem for for many years
it's not a new problem but I do agree
that it's getting worse and I think that
it's going to be a very difficult
problem in the future I don't know if
there's going to be anything effective
in the short term but maybe in the
longer term outreach efforts can have
some success Francois what do you think
about that I mean what steps do you see
that can be taken in order to ensure
safety for aid groups and for workers I
think the main farm the long run it's
definitely this operationalization of UN
Security Council resolution 20 26 but on
a day to day
daizy's when we are actually confronted
with with threat and directing security
no area of operation it's ready to be
able to stick to our principle and
really to be able to translate those
principle into operation which makes
sense which are qualitative which are
not only perceive as neutral impartial
and independent but are also principled
action principle operation things the
question you raised about identification
for instance and getting low profile I
think this is as such and talking on
behalf of MSF obviously it's it could be
it could be a dangerous trend we have to
ready to to be able to enforce these
logos acceptance of the logos
identification of our principle and so
on and also to be very realistic to do a
red line if operating in an arena means
that we have to engage with non-state
actor for instance and we are not able
to engage with those non-state actor
because they are not willing because we
are not in capacity to do the proper
Network and so on if we are not able to
as a dialogue and a negotiation process
with any warring party whether they be
state actor or non-state actor in a
given context we should take and we did
take the decision in some instant not to
work in this area because our only our
main pillar for security is really
acceptance by the community and by the
warring party if we are not able to
build that we are not in capacity to
work so it's really the day-to-day
negotiation if a negotiation is deadlock
then we have to take sometimes a
decision to withdraw and not to be
operating there Mary I'm gonna give you
the last word here how do you balance
all of this the risk versus the drive to
save lives and what do you tell your
colleagues operating there about how to
go about doing their jobs in the most
effective way thank you for that last
word I think for for us here in ICRC
South Sudan we really saw the brave
of our South Sudanese colleagues after
what happened with our staff member here
I'm absolutely 100% impressed by the
fact that they are willing to go back to
the work that they have with ICRC only
the day after this happened of course
also an attack on an aid organization
any aid organization it's also an attack
on the people that we are desperately
trying to help the humanitarian needs
here in South Sudan are dire people
absolutely still need help from
humanitarian aid organizations and yeah
definitely I would I think it's also
important to remember that the vast
majority of aid workers killed on a
global scale our resident staff local
staff from the countries that they are
from and from the ITRC point of view we
do not separate between South Sudanese
and international staff we have the same
security rules for everybody and our
main objective is to continue the
dialogue with the different parties of
the conflict and absolutely make them
understand our role as a neutral
humanitarian and independent actor we'll
have to leave it there for now thanks so
much to our guests francois del fossa in
geneva from Juba and South Sudan Maori
Mart vet and David said nee from
Washington DC and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at aj inside
story from me mohammed times room and
the whole team here bye for now
