celebrations for a happy ending after a
nightmare or deal for this Sudanese
family two of their sons were amongst
those kidnapped by traffickers and held
captive for weeks in Libya one of their
brothers was overwhelmed when he heard
news of his loved ones release as you
can see everyone is so happy and
relieved I never thought we'd see him
again
video had emerged showing several
Sudanese migrants being tortured by
people traffickers in Libya the
kidnappers demanded large sums of ransom
money to release their captives Sudan's
Foreign Minister says it was diplomatic
efforts that secured their release the
historic Shadowcat fee was out of the 30
year this was a coordinated effort
between the ministries of Defense
Interior and foreign affairs we advise
our citizens to refrain from migrating
illegally to Libya or any other country
for their own safety in a country where
poverty is rife and unemployment high
many youngsters Annies feel they have no
option other than to smuggle themselves
abroad in search of a better life and as
if crossing the desert by foot or the
risk of drowning in the Mediterranean
weren't enough migrants in search of
safety in the livelihood now have to
deal with sadistic smugglers aiming to
profit from some of the world's poorest
people Ramallah al al Jazeera
