hi in the Swiss Alps this is the
ultimate annual gathering of the global
elite captains of industry business
commerce and finance have their talk
fest every year here in Davos so you
might think the US is first businessman
president in decades would fit right in
these are powerful people but they
mostly do business in a sober and polite
manner unlike Trump they are the richest
people and represent the most wealthy
companies on earth but they tend to take
a global view unlike Trump the motto of
the World Economic Forum is working
together in a fractured world in and so
he's he's not really a representative of
that philosophy the idea of America
first is is the antithesis of that it's
the idea of you know raising one nation
one community above those of all others
and I think that's really what's so
challenging to this community about
about Donald Trump I think if he reads
between the lines of what it takes to
bring everybody together diversity of
thought and all of the turn that it
creates is part of the process and I
hope that that he takes that into
account when he's here later this week
Trump will be the first president to
address Davos since Bill Clinton
eighteen years ago those who wish to
roll back the forces of globalization
because they fear its disruptive
consequences I believe are plainly wrong
50 years of experience shows that
greater economic integration and
political cooperation are positive
forces that message was countered at the
time by repeated protests around the
world by anti-globalization campaign
now nearly two decades on the main voice
questioning the expansion of global
trade is the president himself from this
day forward it's going to be only
America first president Trump made his
name and his money signing people up to
his golf clubs and condos he is the
honored guest here at Davos but he
remains a guest and not a member of this
club James BAE's al Jazeera
Davos Switzerland
