let's start in Menlo Park California
where Google was born on September the
27th 1998 working out of Susan Wojcicki
scourge now the CEO of YouTube Sergey
Brin and Larry Page launched a search
engine unlike any other the Stanford
graduate students decide to list search
results based on how many other pages
were linked to it not keywords you got
the most relevant results at the top
Google also provides you with a really
fast efficient interface well we really
measure is how long does it take from
when you have an information need until
Google's satisfied that need for you 20
years on and Google is now a verb a
simple search will scour 1.9 billion
websites to produce a ranked list of
results
Google's offerings expanded in 2004 as
the company went public and debuted
Gmail revolutionizing webmail the next
year can Google Maps the air after it
bought YouTube and in the last decade
Google released its file storage service
called Google Drive smartphones
self-driving cars and advanced speakers
billions of people now use Google
products every day most through its
search engine in 2012 Google reached 1.2
trillion searches for the year but
that's where the data stops Google now
just says searches are in the trillions
and with advertising the main source of
revenue the money follows at the
pageviews Google's prophet saw to 110
billion dollars last year while alphabet
its parent company has a market
valuation of 820 billion dollars
