the staggering sentence mattered less
than the statement had made dr. Larry
Nasser was already handed a 60 year
prison term for related child
pornography last month that will keep
the 54 year-old away from children for
life
the little girls don't see little
forever they grow into strong women that
return to destroy your world he pleaded
guilty to molesting seven girls in USA
Gymnastics and Michigan State University
through intimate treatments that he told
them had therapeutic value but he was
accused by more than a hundred and fifty
women and how dare you stay sorry about
everything you've done and all the lives
you've destroyed we all see you right
through your bull now you're a pathetic
monster that is only sorry you got
caught the accusers included gold
medalist Simone biles Ali Reisman Gabby
Douglas and mckayla maroney whose
statement was read by a prosecutor dr.
nasir was not a doctor
he in fact was in forever shall be a
child molester a monster of a human
being end of story
he abused my trust he abused my body and
he left scars on my psyche that may
never go away the victims anger went
beyond Nasser this monster was also the
architect of policies and procedures
that are supposed to protect athletes
from sexual abuse for both USA
Gymnastics and the USOC abusers your
time is up the survivors are here
standing tall and we are not going
anywhere on Monday three leaders of USA
Gymnastics the national governing body
for the Olympic sport resigned under
pressure among Nasser's latest accuser
is biles one of the most decorated
gymnasts in Olympic history on Twitter
she said she dreaded returning to the
training center where she was abused
this week
USA Olympics announced it will
the texas center that hauntzer whether
the organization can regain the trust of
dozens of women who say it failed to
protect them remains an open question
John hendren al jazeera
