an exclusive charity evening in one of
London's smartest hotels it's called the
president's club so exclusive that the
only guests are men some are Britain's
leading bankers businessmen property
developers whilst the only women like
the undercover reporter who took these
pictures our hostesses told to wear sexy
clothes forth to sign a document saying
they won't talk about what happened here
one of the auction prizes plastic
surgery to make we're told your wife
more attractive other prizes tea with
the governor of the Bank of England
lunch with the Foreign Secretary Boris
Johnson the women are repeatedly groped
harassed invited to bedrooms upstairs
the men were initially quite coarse and
things very quickly took us under once
some of the baby it was pretty shocking
politicians from all parties say they're
outraged women have the right to feel
safe wherever they work and allegations
of this type of behavior are completely
unacceptable awkward then that a
government minister attend of the
evening he says he left early he was
appalled by the behavior and no he
doesn't plan to resign a leading
hospital the received Psalm of the three
million dollars raised by the
president's club has returned the money
and then there's the hotel the
Dorchester where the event took place
beloved by royalty and movie stars it
says it's deeply concerned at the
allegations an investigation is underway
Barnaby Phillips al-jazeera London
