a gunman holds two hostages in this
police demonstration in Pyeongchang a
SWAT team bursts in takes down the
attacker and frees the victims it's a
drill just one of the scenarios police
are preparing for with hundreds of
thousands of visitors about to arrive
before North Korea agreed to send a
delegation one of the biggest worries
was it might disrupt the games now
police say they are more concerned about
so-called lone wolf terrorist threats
involving attackers from other countries
bomb detection robots that can identify
and destroy suspicious items are among
the tools available to protect against
that threat to prevent a terrorist
attack in collaboration with
intelligence agencies around the world
over the past year we have banned
terrorists from entering the country
more than 30,000 people considered to be
a security threat have been blacklisted
though police say they are not aware of
any specific plots one of the major
tasks for police will be providing
security for the North Korean delegation
some South Koreans may want to express
their displeasure that the two Koreas
will be marching together under a
unified flag for the opening ceremony
and that there's a joint women's hockey
team Olympic organizers hope just as
many people will welcome the show of
unity the opening ceremony is based on a
theme of peace I believe North Korea's
participation presents a good
opportunity to emphasize that message
the day before the games begin another
spectacle is planned north of the border
north korea's do to celebrate Army
building Day on February the 8th troops
and equipment are reported to have
already been mobilized suggesting the
North is planning a military parade
they're known to be impressively
choreographed affairs
but South Korean police officers have
moves of their own and they're not
afraid to show them off either Kathy
Novak al Jazeera Pyeongchang South Korea
