Hugh Masekela
trumpet playing propelled him to global
stardom he spent three decades living in
exile in the United States where he
campaigned against the apartheid regime
back home in South Africa followed my
birthday in 1985 Nelson Mandela sent me
a birthday card that actually that was
smuggled out of pause more prison and in
it he just like encouraged rust you know
with the music school and with the
recordings and he knew everything in
Mullane my children's names you know my
wife's name well he's gone to school
with my wife's father at university for
time and just wished me luck with all
these things Brewer just a letter and I
was blown away I went to the piano and I
started singing bring back Nelson
Mandela
Masekela collaborated with the likes of
harry bellafonte and paul simon his
instrumental grazing in the grass was an
international number one hit in 1968
Masekela and Jonas Guan watt were in
their first band together as teenagers I
think he would like people to remember
him firstly as a musician and then his
contribution you know within the
struggle also you know that he was not
being selfish in keeping things to
himself in his successes his successes
were due to the people the people's
Masekela returned home soon after nelson
mandela was finally freed in 1990 after
27 years in prison this part of
Johannesburg new town is synonymous with
South Africa's jazz scene Hugh Masekela
was a regular in the clubs that dot
these streets his music affected young
and old he was one of my idols and I
would've loved to meet him
some at some point in my life now that
he's gone it's really depressing and sad
for me because I'll never get the chance
to tell him how he inspired us as South
Africans in upcoming musicians Masekela
continued to perform on stage well into
his 70s sharing his lifelong passion
with adoring fans
for as long as he could
until he lost a decade long battle with
prostate cancer on Tuesday Tonya page al
Jazeera Johannesburg
