hi I'm for me okay
and you're in the stream today as part
of our special week of shows from the
Sundance Film Festival you'll meet some
brilliant young minds set to change the
world their stories are part of a new
documentary science fair
and I'm Malika Bilal live from Park City
Utah with the film's directors now the
documentary follows several students
from around the world on their quest to
win the Intel International Science and
Engineering Fair take a look the winner
in the category of Medicine
those youngsters you just saw are real
scientists at today's science fairs
teens of making stethoscopes powered by
artificial intelligence and researching
cures for the Zika virus
the documentary science fair showcases
these remarkable students and their
endeavors at a time when scientific fact
is being challenged around the globe the
film also raises the question of how to
nurture young people with extraordinary
talents during us to talk about this in
Brookings South Dakota cash via Raman
she's one of the young scientists
featured in the film also in the
documentary in Santa Clara California
Robbie Barrett here with me in Park City
are the film's directors Christina
Costantini and Darren foster welcome to
the stream both of you thank you
he came out already about this about
this show because I loved the film and I
and I I love science clearly so I know
the same is true for you all Christina
you've called this a love letter to the
world of science how so so I was a
science fair kid when I was in high
school I went to the International
Science and Engineering Fair two years
and it totally changed my life it
validated you know the interest that I
had it gave me confidence it like
rewarded intelligence and all kinds of
you know it was an incredible experience
so I wanted to show what an amazing
place it was it's also a really fun
funny place because it's full of
teenagers and so inherently it's a lot
of fun so yeah we set out to make this
little celebration of the science fair
world what drew you to the film
Christina Christina told me the stories
of her time at ICF and you know some of
the anecdotes she told me it just made
me really excited about the film and
then we had a chance to scout I set in
2016 in Phoenix and it blew my mind just
you know seventeen hundred kids from
around the world that are just
celebrated right like rock stars for you
know for doing science at a really
impressive level and we got to be some
really amazing kids including Robbie and
Castillo who we met
that first trip and we stuck with them
all the way till Sundance which is crazy
circus fear and robbery I'm just
thinking what is your secret sauce that
made you a few of the competitors that
ended up in the science fair documentary
casts fear why do you think Christina
and Darren peachy international science
fair is a really unconventional one
because I come from a pretty small
community that doesn't really promote
science fair so I think that Darren and
Christina thought that having my
perspective in the document he would
bring a really unique flair to the to
the science fair world Robbie yes I mean
kind of the same thing like I came from
a really small town in West Virginia and
I mean the first year that I was at the
science fair I met Christina and Darren
and I don't know it was it was really
fun I tried to be a little bit funny and
Robbie I think you're succeeding I want
to show a little clip from science fair
this is the kind of thing that Robbie
does it's quite endearing or depending
it might be quite annoying depending if
you're his math teacher or his parents
have a look he programmed his calculator
to generate Shakespearean insults you
know and every time you would you would
punch a button it would generate another
insult was something like thou art an
unwashed puh talk it would say things
like that
oh yes so this is one of the calculators
that I was modding I got this one to
like broadcast like 16-bit music to FM
radios I mean I learned a lot doing this
now I don't get it like you know my math
teacher she hated me for it
if I were a math teacher like you know
I'll be that we cool I congratulate the
kitten so you're doing you're doing good
things everybody's smiling here Robbie
seeing yourself on camera what is that
like
what modding your calculator no seeing
yourself on camera he's got a one-track
science brain here it's really weird I
mean I experience it for the first time
at Sundance pretty much and it was just
it was just really strange like hearing
your own voice because it doesn't sound
the same than what you're speaking you
know so I want to bring up this tweet
here from Jack and some of you may know
him because of course for those of you
on this show he was in the film he is a
previous winner and I Seth would a
participant previous I saw a participant
and winner and so this is what he
tweeted into the show Jack says there
are many setbacks as you work through
your scientific experiment lots of long
days and nights war learning you really
have to believe in and love your work so
he's talking about some of the
challenges at some of the students face
and while I want to hear more about
those Kristina and Darrin I'm also
interested in the challenges you all
faced as filmmakers because your
background is investigative work not so
much human interest student exactly so
talk about some of those obstacles so we
thought this was going to be so easy
because what were used to is
investigative reporting but it was quite
a challenging piece we ended up we got
five press passes to the International
Science Fair and we were trying to chase
around a dozen kids and so you know very
long hours it was a ton of fun but yeah
it was definitely not an easy production
yeah trying to keep track of 12
teenagers in downtown Los Angeles for a
week it's not the easiest thing it was a
bit like we said it's a bit like
Nightcrawler but instead of changing to
the scenes of crime scenes and in car
accidents we were chasing teenage drama
all around but it was so much fun I mean
we were just feeding off the energy of
these kids they were so excited to be
there we were so excited to be there and
we were very invested in them at this by
this point so you know we just really
were just excited to document their
their journey their it was amazing and
that is promise I wanna get one of the
students reactions to this tweet about
the setbacks because the Pillman doesn't
make it look easy it shows that it is
difficult but cash P I'm wondering for
you what was the biggest difficulty
probably the biggest challenge
throughout the whole science fair
process was finding like that adult to
kind of help guide me through all the
paperwork and all the complicated
process processes that were required to
have a project to present at the
International science fair because
science fair isn't recognized or
sponsored by my high school so it was
really hard kind of finding that mentor
figure to help me with this with the
journey tell us about the mental you did
find cuz it's quite an unusual person
exactly um so my mentor was coach Lee
Schmid who's actually the football coach
at our high school was really big into
athletics and sports so it was a really
unconventional partnership but it worked
out really well because coachmen is such
a supportive and admirable figure he he
helped in any possible way he could and
it was it was amazing what he did for me
so dating sorry we don't get given to
him is that Coach Smith is also the head
of the feminist Club in the head of or
that never made it to the film but he's
a really amazing guy did he understand
the science that you were doing did he
understand your project I explained my
project to him a couple of times and he
didn't quite understand all the
technical aspects of it but I think he
had a pretty good grasp of what I was
doing and he always praised me for you
know raising a public health concern
which was a big part of my project was
but so although he didn't understand all
of the science behind my project he
definitely understood it well enough to
be that figure that guiding figure so
let's have a little look at keshia's
project our school has a pretty bad drug
and alcohol problem because in Brookings
there's not much to do I definitely
wanted to you know explore more about
like the underlying risky behavior
phenomenon
no ill fit
my project basically focuses on how
repeated acts of risky behaviors affects
emotions and cognitive functions in
adolescence so basically the negative
emotions that are usually associated
with risk-taking like guilt and fear and
stress gradually become you know
desensitized and muted with the repeated
exposures to different risky
environments I love that explanation
even though I don't know if I but you
see the struggle that has to be I had to
go through to find a sponsor and then
also in the film you have people like
dr. Serena McCullough we had a video
comment she sent us because she couldn't
be on this show but you can kind of see
the care and the expertise she puts into
each of her students this is what she
talked to about how to go about doing
that this is this is what she said the
greatest support I would give to science
education is to identify university
partnerships with high school level
students I believe that currently we
provide foundational mathematics and
science to all students but we sometimes
forget about the exceptional students
and it would benefit them all to have
someone there to support them in the
fields that may not be well understood
by high school teachers so she talks
about there her ideas for how to support
gifted students but the broader picture
is she's someone who is one of those
people and you don't always find that
talked about that juxtaposition and
schools where that's there and ready for
students and others weren't it's not so
much yeah you know Darrin and I really
wanted to share the diversity of the
science fair in and these really well
resourced schools that are super
supportive dr. McCulloh has one of the
best she has the best science fair team
in the world and she you know spends all
of her hours on this she goes home and
reads research journals on the topics
that her students are learning about she
doesn't get any sleep she's one of the
hardest-working people I know
and her students their work reflects
that and they are doing incredible
amazing things and so you know when we
see when when we look at cash via and
Robbie they're on the other end of the
spectrum so we wanted to show kind of
the kids that need more support and the
kids who have an amazing support system
yet I mean dr. McCulloh runs you know
her research team at Jericho High School
in New York you know like many schools
around their football programs you know
she's very much a coach and she you know
they spent time after school and many
hours after school working on their
research projects and I think if more
schools were to dedicate their time like
they do to you know this sports program
is the pipet to STEM education or even
the arts you know you'd have different
results and you'd have you know people
like Rush P and Robbie who you know
don't get that kind of support better
supported dan and Christina when I first
saw dr. McCulloh on the film I looked at
her and I thought that teacher she is
intense I don't think I'm exaggerating
have a look
his she is in action in science fair
what is this section of text about is
this definition
I'm gonna be so proud when one of my
kids win the Nobel Prize because they
will one of them will why can't you
explain why understanding the chromatic
number is important instead of defining
it dr. McCulloh is a very hardworking
teacher sometimes she works even harder
than her students No can you focus
please give me the heaven she is strict
she can be scary but um I actually like
her style reminds me of my my life you
know because the teachers are usually
really strict Robby I see dr. McCulloh
there and then I think about your math
teacher mrs. Myers how do those two
compare total opposites I mean miss
Myers like I feel like in a way she was
like almost actively discouraged you
know tell us more
for instance you you would you would
make your calculator do Shakespearean
insults and she would say what I mean I
mean she'd take away my calculator reset
it whatever but um I mean I feel like I
feel like that's like a good thing you
know that's sort of how I started to
learn how to program um so I mean even
though I've been a little bit annoying
to the math teacher I feel like you know
there's probably better ways that that
you could have responded to a kid
programming their calculator teachers
would be watching this now educators
will be watching this now and they will
have youngsters in their class who like
you who are innovative not doing their
homework will obviously understand the
mathematics or whatever subject it is
that they're doing they just maybe not
just throwing in their homework what
would you say to those educators well I
mean the reason that I wasn't really
doing a lot of my homework is because I
was really busy running different stuff
like I started my school's programming
Club I was like working on teaching that
I was mentoring the my middle school's
Robotics Club that I started when I was
in middle school I'd go back and mentor
them I just had a lot of stuff that I
was working on that was it was really
interesting to me it's a lot more
interesting than you know the homework
that they give for math class because I
mean the homework that I got from Miss
virus was just like just like drills on
this it's just like take these now
plug it into this equation and just you
know calculate it was just like
calculation and that's that's really not
what maps about there was no room for a
creativity or anything all right you've
got some support from live on YouTube
let me just show you this before I go to
Mallika
if this kid can code a calculator he can
code a computer someone's sending to
Silicon Valley I will pay for it we are
saving that comment and tracking him
down Mallika go ahead so I wanted to
bring up two comments on the same theme
the first one is from Anjali and Anjali
it's also in the film and was also a
participant and in the science fair she
bites high schoolers truly need the
support of classroom teachers to push
for involvement in extracurriculars like
research research grants and internship
opportunities are so few but give
exposure to real institutions
she says they need funding so that's one
person's view and she's a student so she
knows what she's talking about this is a
teacher she's a science teacher this is
Jen Gutierrez and she writes in in a
nation driven by test scores it could be
challenging to convince teachers that
authentic stem at science and math
teaching and learning works students are
always excited when the learning is real
relevant and connected to them so we
need to keep creating those teachable
moments so some of the things that
students in schools in this country are
up against funding teachers who are
teaching to the test because that is
what the school system expects of them
talk about some of those challenges are
those things that you ran into in the
filming of this yeah I think you know
certainly in Robbie's case you know
here's an obviously a brilliant kid who
was very good at taking on independent
projects he's very committed to the
things that he's interested in but he
can't find the support in an education
system that teaches to the test and so
you know a little more sympathetic maybe
to mrs. Myers from that from that
standpoint that you know she's got a job
to do which is to keep the kids you know
doing well on these state exams or
national exams so you know they are
between a rock and a hard place but
certainly I think we have to be more
imaginative when it comes to kids like
Robbie and basically encourage these
interests because you know Robbie is is
incredible mind you know those at old
Apple ad think different Robbi things
different and like he is like one of
those kids that is just gonna push the
envelope and really make big changes in
this world I want to share something to
you review from cash Priya's Twitter
feed it's a little mention here from
Howard University in the class of 2020 -
where were you going to university
Kashmir so I recently committed to the
Harvard University class of 22 2022 and
I hope that the pearls from Park City do
you hear it alright do you do you think
science fair is the reason why you're
going to have it I definitely think that
my participation and success at ISIF
contributed to my acceptance to Harvard
I feel like top colleges like Harvard
really seek a unique student body and I
feel that participating and I've really
kind of set me apart from a lot of other
kids my age misty Knight says live on
YouTube watching you Robbie in cash fair
Robbie this is for you what scientific
breakthrough are you working on in order
to change the world you have to have
some kind of scientific breakthrough
that you're dedicated to what's your
parent work so it might not be a real
scientific breakthrough but right now
I'm working a lot on them on generative
art so getting trying to get artificial
intelligence to create artwork um I mean
I know that that's not really like I
guess it might not like change the world
can change what do you have some do you
wanna show us show us and tell us is
gonna be good enough but um I've this
print and I did and I actually uh what I
did was for that one it's not AI but I
hope some medical electrode it's like
the stuff that doctors put on your chest
to like see the electricity in your
heartbeat
I hope this up to a houseplant and I use
that as random noise sort of in this
plot so it used like the energy for
there was bouncing around in the plant
oh I love okay so I want to share one
more comment from someone else who
thinks different and differently and and
Robbie you might relate because he also
wasn't really that interested in his
classwork this is adria and this is what
he told the stream the fun part of being
a group was that I didn't know what to
expect about the curve and the truth is
that experience was far beyond in the
fossil thoughts in except I've met a lot
of teenagers that like me used to think
outside the box and prefer to do
research projects instead of attending
course lectures so it was a
life-changing experience Jen after I
said I had two ambitions the first one
was to become science fair director and
the second one was to start a PhD after
my studies and I would like to say that
I don't wish for so he attended the
International Science Fair in 2012 he
talks about what happens afterwards so
for you all what happens after this film
what do you want people's takeaway to be
and you know for us I think the most
important thing is that a lot of people
see it that's what we hope make people
laugh and most of all it will inspire
people to either compete in science
fairs or hopefully change the way they
think about the importance of these
kinds of independent research
competitions it was the way that I
learned the best in high school and and
for there to be more of them would be
amazing Oklahoma just announced that
they're cutting their state science fair
so you know I think and now more than
ever we need to remind people that
scientists really matter in this country
and and you know teenagers are our next
generation of scientists I have to share
oh go ahead down oh no no I was just
gonna say I think that you know a lot of
the kids that are featured in this bill
and play against the stereotypes of what
a science kit fair kid is you know you
know if they're nerds there and there
isn't the best possible sense of that
word these kids are a lot of fun they're
very creative and this film is a lot of
fun and it really just showcases how
much fun this journey is it's intense is
a lot of work that goes into it but they
really do have a good time along the way
I have to show you this image of Jack
here Jack is he is a gift and he's right
at the beginning of the film it's not
it's not a spoiler really because he's
in all of the trailers this is how
excited he is to win ice F the
International Science and Engineering
Fair and then he's a little bit older
here and he tweets out you can think of
this as the Olympics of science fair
winning will change your life in ways
you can't even comprehend I'm wondering
Robby are you there yet work in progress
cash shreya has your life changed yet it
was it too close to science fair for you
to say it's different I just
just like accomplishing anything and I
gives you that validation and confidence
that what you're doing matters and it
kind of gives you the push forward to
you know keep continuing what you're
passionate about regardless of what
others around you are doing or saying to
discourage you I would love top tips
from you Robbie in cash fear for other
youngsters who are watching this who
have a presentation to do or putting
together their board always do what cash
fear what would you tell them um I think
always kind of this is gonna it's gonna
sound kind of cliche but always speak
from your heart because I know a lot of
kids like they rehearse their
presentations and become kind of robotic
but I think if you kind of put
everything in your own words and speak
very clearly and naturally that you will
really get your point across to the
judges as best as you can yeah Robbie I
definitely say put together your board
before you get to fair because in 2016 I
actually I had this huge cardboard it
was just blank and I mailed it out to
science fair yeah and then when I got
there I started taping everything on
because I wasn't fully done my project
yet this is good advice for life Robbie
I want to give one last piece of advice
this is from Jack who you've heard from
a lot throughout this show but he had
some really great tweets so Jack says
read widely think deeply work hard
listen to your mentor leave in your idea
learn to present your ideas I couldn't
even get my name out of my mouth at the
start and then you have a chance to go
to the fair all right thank you so much
to Christina and Darren and cash fear
and to Robbie as well my IQ is gone
higher just like talking to you
appreciate it at the Sundance Institute
go online look for science fair and you
will find out all about this amazing
documentary thank you very much we'll
see you online hashtag a day stream
again
you
