more us backing for Israel and
Palestinian anger vice president Mike
Pence says the US Embassy will be moved
to Jerusalem next year and Washington
will back a two-state solution but only
if both sides agree amid so much
distrust and despair at US policy is the
so-called peace process still relevant
this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle Donald Trump's recent
recognition of Jerusalem as the capital
of Israel provoked protests and outrage
amongst Palestinians their allies and
other critics worldwide that anger
hasn't been placated with the visit of
the US vice president to the divided
city israeli-palestinian members of
parliament were forcibly removed whilst
listening to his speech the applause in
the Knesset was especially loud when
pence promised the move of the u.s.
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem will
be complete by the end of next year and
when he repeatedly referred to Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel we'll get to
our panel in just a moment but first
Harry Fawcett reports from West
Jerusalem on the day he would become the
first US vice president to address
Israel's Parliament the Knesset Mike
Pence was greeted with almost
presidential ceremony bazarov's prime
minister he didn't take long to return
the favor my great honor it was a
description of Jerusalem that pence
would repeat three times during his
set-piece event they thought before he
was interrupted by israeli-palestinian
members of the Knesset decrying the u.s.
position and any prospect of US
involvement in the peace process their
enforced departure cleared the way for
pence to speak to two other audiences
Israelis and u.s. evangelical Christians
for whom the Jerusalem declaration was a
major campaign pledge in the weeks ahead
our administration will advance its plan
to open the United States Embassy in
Jerusalem and that United States Embassy
will open before the end of next year
Pence's said that his faith largely
determines his long-standing backing for
Israel this speech fused that
religiosity width as offered the near
total political support of the Trump
administration for the government of the
watching Benjamin Netanyahu including
its position on Iran I have a solemn
promise to Israel to all the Middle East
and to the world the United States of
America will never allow
to acquire a nuclear weapon he said the
US would back a two-state solution if
both Israelis and Palestinians agreed in
Israel's security could be guaranteed
and put the onus on the Palestinians to
come to the table mr. Trump gave them
Jerusalem I mean what is an honest
broker that is once the deal of the
century in which Jerusalem plays a major
role above all this speech threw into
sharp relief the different realities
which the United States in Israel on one
side and the Palestinian leadership on
the other are now operating in the
Palestinians this was further damaged
after Donald Trump's December
declaration for other evidence the
United States could not be an honest
broker for Israeli ministers they were
calling it emotional inspiring even
Zionist Netanyahu later added his voice
calling it a magnificent speech in
particular complementing its focus on
what he called the evil regime in Iran
it was a powerful expression of the
enduring bond between our two countries
and of your personal commitment to
Israel the commitment of President Trump
and your entire delegation on the first
full day of his visit Mike Pence has
earned the fulsome praise of his hosts
and they have a stronger rejection by a
Palestinian leadership of any US role in
the resolution of this conflict
Harry Falls at Al Jazeera West Jerusalem
well Palestinians say East Jerusalem
which is occupied by Israel is the
future capital of Palestine the
president of the passing Authority has
been in Brussels to rally support for a
Palestinian state the talks were about
the recognition of the State of
Palestine and the importance of this
despite some media saying that it could
stop negotiations never you recognize
the State of Israel and you recognize
the State of Palestine and then we go to
the negotiations and we're not the ones
who are delaying or stopping the
negotiations let's bring in our guests
now and joining us from Ramallah Nora
day she's a former spokeswoman for the
Palestinian Authority in Davos mark Faja
assistant professor at the doha
institute for graduate studies and in
jerusalem Alan Baker director of the
Institute for contemporary affairs at
the Jerusalem Center for public affairs
a very warm welcome to all of you and if
I could start with you
Pence's visit it sped up the timeline
hasn't it of the embassy moving the USMC
moving from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem to the
end of next year why the rush you know I
think if they've already decided to do
this then there's no sense in delaying
it as as long as it's practically
feasible from the the point of view of
planning zoning building moving to do it
any further delay would simply reflect
on the indicate an element of lack of
credibility as to the
intentions of the administration no
there is now a sense of inevitability
about this the preparations are said to
be started in the coming weeks
what's the Palestinian reaction there
well I mean the Trump administration and
credibility don't exactly go hand in
hand as far as the Palestinians are
concerned and the wider Arab public the
moving of the of the embassy to
Jerusalem regardless the timeline is a
an explosive policy as in the Middle
East in the region it reflects that the
American administration has decided to
become a party in this conflict rather
than an outside a broker no matter how
aligned with one one side of the
conflict but now it's actually a partner
in this conflict a colluding with the
occupier at the expense of the rights of
the occupied and the Palestinians said
that there was no point in meeting vice
president Mike Pence when he was
visiting the region do you think that
was the right decision nor absolutely I
what what would there be to talk about
with pence Spencer was the ideological
backer of this illegal move pence who
came to Israel to you know speak to his
base of fanatics and evangelical
Zionists who do not see the Palestinian
people do not respect their rights do
not understand the sensitivities and
don't care actually about those
sensitivities meeting with pence would
have been you know just nonsensical from
a Palestinian perspective and it wasn't
just the officials who refused to meet
with pens all church leaders have
refused to meet with pence the guardian
of the keys of the Church of the Holy
Sepulchre has refused to meet with
friends as did other Christian leaders
and church leaders across the Middle
East where he visited so while I think
everybody understands that pence is not
really interested in understanding the
Palestinian perspective or the wider
Arab perspective it should have been
very clear at least to the staff around
him if he has you know professional
career staff around him
that he's neither welcome and nor are
his positions and whatever agenda he
seems to be talking about insofar as
protecting minority isn't speaking for
Christians in the Middle East it's it's
it has no credibility it has no traction
and certainly nobody really buys it here
because the policies of this
administration for encounter the
interests of Palestinian Christians of
Christians in the Middle East at large
okay mark the Palestinian view then is
that the u.s. is now a party in this
conflict rather than a brokers as Noor
just said you're in Davos at the World
Economic Forum is that the view that's
largely taken within the international
community well yes if one believes the
international community is not just the
United States and Israel I think that is
the consensus but I would add that this
partisanship is taking sides goes back
to long before the Trump administration
it goes back all the way to every
administration actually after the
Kennedy administration when US
presidents have cast their vetoes in the
United Nations and resolutions demanding
the condemnation of settlements and
settlements to me are even maybe more
important to some degree than the
Jerusalem decision per se and they have
been going on those expansions that
land-grab has been going on unabated for
the last you know decades and no US
president has stopped that and that's
the fact they are complete and what
Trump is doing now I think is just you
know making a big show out of it in a
way but the deterioration of what's
so-called peace process process is has
been going on for a long time so I don't
think it's as revolutionary in that
sense and it's just a cumulation of
administration's past okay Alan would
you agree with that broadly speaking
that sazu u.s. just laying its cards out
on the table this position has always
been this look I find it quite curious
both what know selling and what Mark
said nor as if she's talking in the name
of the Christians in this area and she
has missed out a lot of very pertinent
facts with respect to the way the
Palestinians treat the Christians but
apart from that the the Trump
announcement and and the pence
announcement basically say that this
got nothing to do with the negotiation
on the issue of the permanent status of
the territories the issue of Jerusalem
and the issue of borders so if the
Palestinians would have had any sense
they would have come and welcomed a
declaration and and said well we were
welcomed the fact that this is not
affecting the the negotiation of the
peace process instead of that they
decided to create a panic and hysteria
and try and stir up leaders and
governments and and they quite frankly
though they haven't been very successful
perhaps Nord want to ask if I'm just
going to ask you myself how can this
have how can the recognition of
Jerusalem as Israel's capital have
nothing to do with its permanent status
when all parties agree that it should be
part of a final settlement deal look
that when Trump made his announcement he
said this is without prejudice this is a
question of the relationship between the
United States and Israel rectifying
something that's existed for 70 years
that is being recognized by everybody
but hasn't been formally recognized this
is between the United States and Israel
it's got nothing to do with the actual
negotiating process which has to go on
now the Palestinians are obligated to
deal with this issue by negotiation in
the Oslo Accords as are the Israelis by
trimming off the by refusing to continue
or to think about getting back to any
negotiating mode and by rejecting the
the United States
they're basically harming their own
position because the United States are
in eager to come back into the
negotiating mode and assist the parties
in rear in negotiating a final status so
it's really quite puzzling this position
but in any event okay
mein the position then if it's puzzling
let's let nor explain the reasoning
behind it well I mean it is puzzling if
you have a colonial mindset if you think
like Netanyahu and the right wing in
Israel and you consider that the only
way to talk to Palestinians is if they
endorse your point of view about the
conflict and if they deny that they have
rights to this land and they have roots
in history so III might understand the
surprise or confusion of your guest but
having said that the issue of Jerusalem
is not an issue between the United
States and Israel it's an issue
pertaining to the heart of international
law in the international order it is not
the prerogative of the United States to
undertake this is very responsible step
and by the way the Palestinians took a
very calm and responsible position the
international community as a whole was
extremely concerned because what the
Trump administration said and I agree
with your guests in Davos that
successive American administration have
been extremely biased but none were so
flagrant in their baiance none were so
hostile to the international order and
the institutions of multilateral
cooperation as we've seen with the Trump
administration so the world is rightly
concerned that this administration wants
to undermine those multilateral
institutions to undermine their standing
and from an international perspective
really a position confronting the Trump
administration's declaration on
Jerusalem is a must in order to maintain
any credibility of this system you
cannot ask countries around the world to
respect international law to abide by UN
resolutions including Security Council
resolutions and then turn around and say
well you know that doesn't apply to the
US and Israel they can do whatever they
want they can violate international law
they can accept a realities brought
about by belligerence and aggression
they can accept the illegal annexation
of Jerusalem by Israel because they can
get away with it that that's not the way
it works either you protect the system
or you don't the Palestinian position is
Enlai
with the International with
international law and that's why it's in
line with the overwhelming majority of
countries around the world
Israel and the United States along with
Micronesia and whatever other sub states
of the United States don't agree that's
fine they stand on the wrong side of
international law and the Palestinians
don't plan to join them with that and
undermine their own rights Palestinians
are ready to negotiate they're ready to
have a credible political tract that is
based on international law but they're
certainly not ready to put themselves in
a boxing ring where they can be bullied
into submission which is what we've seen
being attempted by the Trump
administration and from what we've heard
as far as this big ultimate suppose a
deal that Trump and his team is thinking
about there is nothing in it that even
resembles an acceptable solution that
respects the minimum required of
Palestinian rights okay mark Abbas has
been in Europe during Pence's visit did
he win the support from Europe that he
was seeking in light of the u.s.
supporting the Israeli position on
Jerusalem I think there is some support
in Europe and sympathy for the
Palestinians but unfortunately or
fortunately for the Israelis is the u.s.
is to some degree the only gain in town
or so it seems he's trying to leverage
the European support to counter that but
I doubt that it will be successful and
bear in mind just going back it was said
I agree but I would say that the 40-some
us single vetoes in the Security Council
since 1970 are testament to the fact
that international law has been
undermined and these were fourteen to
one vetoes even President Obama vetoed
in 2011 if you remember resolution on
settlements condemning settlements so
successive administrations have
undermined the rule of law and yes I
agree that's a very dangerous situation
because ultimately if we look at the
whole geopolitical situation it will
lead to more tension in the region and
possibly even to Wars so I think we
should also look the whole geopolitical
scene to understand why this is such a
dangerous issue
okay um Allender the Palestinians have
said that they are open to an Internet
process when you're looking at the peace
process with the u.s. involved it's been
stated by the Palestinians that they
cannot now deal with the u.s. as an
honest broker is that something that
Israel could get behind as a way to
moving the so-called peace process
forward absolutely not
look the Palestinians are committed in
the Oslo Accords to negotiate with
Israel not to negotiate with the US and
not to negotiate with the French and the
Belgians or anybody else they are ago
she ations have to take place with
Israel it takes two to tango it takes
two to determine borders it takes two to
agree upon the status of Jerusalem and
the status of the territories and all
these issues are on the negotiating
table now you know I've heard a lot of
talk of international law I don't know
whether the two other people who are
being interviewed or international
lawyers I I am they may America the
United States has got the sovereign
prerogative to determine whatever they
want to determine with respect to the
the capital of a country and where they
want to place their embassy honest
broker when it's trying to mediate
between two sides no it doesn't the as I
said at the beginning the United States
has said that this has got nothing to do
with the negotiation of the final status
of Jerusalem they have the prerogative
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel in the same way that they can
recognize any other capital of any other
country but this is without prejudice to
the negotiations why would the
Palestinians choose to take umbrage and
to get into a huge panic when they could
have come along and said okay we're very
happy at the fact that this is not going
to influence the negotiations let's go
ahead and negotiate no you were saying
that it doesn't leave on the US as an
honest broker just looking at the status
the final States at least Jerusalem do
you still see it as a possibility then
that the US can and Israel can see East
Jerusalem as a future capital capital of
a Palestinian state well I love you just
a
a few points the US has a sovereign
prerogative to carry out its its
policies but it does not have a free
rein a carte blanche to violate a UN
Security Council resolutions of which it
is a member and there are UN Security
Council resolutions that say that the
annexation of Jerusalem is illegal and
that no country should move its embassy
to Jerusalem so let's take that out of
the equation and talk about reality
because I seem to hear a lot of
arguments that are not really based in
in reality under this administration and
given the fact that Trump is surrounded
by a group of right-wing fanatics that
are openly hostile to Palestinian rights
that endorse Israeli settlements which
are illegal in a war crime under the
Rome Statute and which basically are
racist to Palestinians by omission as we
heard from pants yesterday in the
Knesset this administration lacks the
credibility lacks the understanding and
the commitment to a two-state solution
to be to play a role as a credible
broker maybe it can be part of a more a
broader international setting quartet +
+ 5 + 2 whatever equation that that can
arise from consultations on a
multilateral level but certainly that
that the cards are all in the USA's
hands is no longer in the offing and I
think in a way that that is liberating
and conducive to peace the Palestinians
by the way unilaterally recognized
Israel at the signing of the Oslo accord
Israel never reciprocated that
recognition the borders and the
territory occupied by Israel has been
defined by international law it's not up
to Israel to define it negotiations are
supposed to be about how to fine-tune
the details on how to implement an end
to the Israeli occupation but nobody
ever gave Israel the right to have a
veto power over whether Palestinians can
exercise their right to
self-determination and freedom despite
all perhaps the misunderstandings of a
very faulty process to begin with these
are tenants of the law and
standings that the Palestinian
leadership and people have and they're
not going to change at this point the
Israeli government the current coalition
in power in Israel does not have a
single party that actually has the
two-state solution as part of its
platform that includes that it could
headed by Netanyahu so until Israel is
actually ready to accept the concept of
having two states and in this piece of
land until they're ready to have a prime
minister that does not vow to prevent
the establishment of an independent
Palestinian state I'm not exactly sure
who the Palestinians are supposed to sit
with the u.s. does say that a two-state
solution is still on the table if both
sides want it the question is do they
well I don't know how sincere that
statement is I mean yeah I did first of
all I personally don't think that the
two state solution is viable at this
stage in fact because of the settlements
in the hole and I don't think
necessarily the Trump administration is
necessarily sincere I think that's part
of the problem we know that pence and
others do embrace this very extreme
Zionist Christian ideology which doesn't
believe in anything except for Judea and
Samaria and president I mean Prime
Minister Netanyahu has said the same
often enough so the question is is Crump
and frack giving a carte blanche to
Israel to go ahead and it does seem that
way too many he despite some of the kind
of you know lip service he gives to a
two-state solution or saying that the
borders have not been negotiated yet so
I think there's a lack of trust in all
sides will use that helicopter is good
to jump to Alan for our last minute of
the show Alan tell us is Israel
interested in a two-state solution
Israel is interested in negotiating the
permanent status that's what the parties
have agreed to the two-state solution
whether the permanent status will be two
states three states four states or one
state or a condominium or a federation
or a confederation this has to be the
outcome of negotiation and by spouting
in every other sentence two-state
solution two-state solution that
doesn't necessarily establish the fact
that this will ultimately be agreed
between the parties and so the only way
to settle this is to get back to the
negotiating table
now if Hamas were to allow the
Palestinian Authority to get back to the
negotiating table then it might be
feasible but at the moment Abu Mazen
isn't in the situation that he can agree
tomorrow morning I can get back to
negotiations
so everything everything that Noor is
saying a lot of time to apply so we'll
have to cut the discussion off there of
course we could go on much longer and I
do wish we did have it longer we will be
revisiting the subject again I am
certain many thanks to all our guests
Noro de mark Farr and Alan Baker and
thank you too very much for watching you
can see the program again anytime by
visiting our website this aljazeera.com
and for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com for
/aj inside story
you've got to join the conversation on
Twitter a handlers at AJ inside story
from me Laura Kyle and the whole team
here bye for now
you
