Pakistan has a new government and a new
prime minister Imran Khan but already
there's a rocky start to relations with
two key countries India and the United
States
how will the country's new leadership
reshape its foreign policy we speak to
the new foreign minister shah mahmud
Qureshi who's been here at the UN
General Assembly in New York about his
options for the world and the region
here on talk to Al Jazeera
shah mahmud Qureshi foreign minister of
pakistan thank you for speaking to
al-jazeera it's not been long since
you've become foreign minister again let
me ask you about the challenges of this
moment a brand new administration and
yet this time it's a political party
that's never governed before and a Prime
Minister that's never held political
office before what are the challenges of
that on and what possibly are the
advantages - well there are challenges
and there are expectations as well other
challenges are that the economy is not
in very good shape institutions that
deliver the lot of them have been
compromised
corruption was on the rise and people
plundered and stacked money abroad
people lost faith in institutions to
restore confidence is a big challenge to
restore the economy is a big challenge
to reform institutions it's a big
challenge in Imran Khan the field we
have a person who enjoys credibility
reputation and a either figure a
national a national hero and they feel
when he when he decides to do something
it delivers what do you say to those
that claim there is a deep state in
Pakistan and in Pakistan that deep state
wears a uniform and it's the army that
this time around decided to back
Imran that's an allegation that's been
made of some of your party's opponents
and by some who studied the the election
which some have said probably wasn't a
completely fair playing field that was
the initial verdict to the how do how do
you justify your failure you have to
blame someone
e/b what is what are the international
observers who were there what did they
say they were there there's people from
the Commonwealth the people from the
European Union and they observed the
entire process and gave an opinion and
opinion was elections were free fair and
credible one of the problems you face
now is you've made a lot of promises but
you don't have a huge majority that
makes things a little difficult doesn't
it it does it does to an extent that for
legislation within a majority and we do
not have a majority in the Senate right
now so what we need to do is build
consensus and hopefully a couple of
years down the line we will have re run
for the Senate and hopefully the numbers
will change your party's only been in
power for a short period so it is very
early days but first impressions count
it's fair to say there's been a few
stumbles haven't there for example
selling off the government cars you
raised not as much money the government
as it hoped to raised only about a tenth
of the amount of money that you hope to
raise and there's been some ridicule
that the Prime Minister after doing that
travels around by helicopter to begin
with selling cars was not generating
money
it was conveying a message and a message
was austerity the message was to live
within your means traveling by
helicopter wasn't extravagance it was a
security requirement and if you
calculate if you do pute
if you look at the people deployed for
security if you look at the
inconvenience caused to public you know
when you stop traffic and stuff like
that ultimately
that's a better option to do and it
doesn't happen every day it's just once
a week and of course one of the leaders
that you served in the past
Benazir Bhutto was killed while
traveling the streets of Pakistan before
we move on to some of the foreign
challenges to just revisit that for a
moment do you now think you know who
killed her well do you have your
suspicions lit the party that I used to
be in speak for that they claim they
know it but they don't share it so I
will let them speak for who killed her
it's unfortunate the way she went she
could have contributed significantly to
the country quite a dynamic personality
it's unfortunate we lost her let's move
to relations with America and if you
don't mind I'm going to start where you
left when you were last foreign minister
because you resigned and he resigned
over the decision to let a CIA
contractor who shot two men in Lahore
not be prosecuted can you explain go
back there and say why you found that
incident so wrong what they were
claiming he was not they wanted
diplomatic immunity he was a diplomat
it's what they were asking for was
unfair and all I was saying the
documents do not justify what you're
demanding so the position I took later I
was vindicated he was not a diplomat but
do you think it shows something about
the way the US has been treating
Pakistan over the last 17 years since
9/11 we understand why they engaged
himself in the region but did they
respect
Costanza sovereignty during that period
well history tells us that powers at
their height look at things differently
their behavior is different and the u.s.
being a global power they expect special
treatment the relationship between
Pakistan and the US I think you probably
would agree has been for a long time
somewhat complicated but it seems to be
particularly strained since President
Trump took office he put out a tweet in
January the United States has foolishly
given Pakistan more than thirty three
billion dollars in aid over the last 15
years and they've given us nothing but
lies and deceit that is a difficult
thing now for you to repair does he have
a point there
I think if he had seen what Pakistan has
done if he had traveled to that area and
the region and seen the challenges that
he faced and we faced fighting terrorism
the sacrifice the human loss the
economic sacrifice he could have perhaps
appreciated and be more sensitive to
some of our concerns we have we have
moved on we've recognized the challenge
and we've contributed to safety mainland
USA today is safe because many of our
youngsters and officers and soldiers
sacrifice themselves absolutely true
huge numbers of casualties but there are
some who claim that some in your army
some in
your intelligence the ISI were playing a
double game they were helping the
Taliban they they were helping Osama bin
Laden true they were helping their own
country they were helping overcome a
situation which was not of their
creation who were these people who
supported them who trained them we
forget history and at times we overlook
that trends change people that you
support some of the people who are
called extremist weren't they invited to
the US weren't they entertained in the
White House so friends change
circumstances change
we were just defending and protecting
ourselves we we've undertaken operations
in the country to cleanse ourselves from
elements that were not friendly or
creating situations for Pakistan and and
beyond were these your friends in the
past though I mean it's called the
Quetta Shura the Taliban command that is
in a city in Pakistan Quetta a sama bin
Laden was killed in Pakistan mullah omar
was killed in Pakistan were you in the
past treating them as friends and giving
them a safe haven and what's your new
government's policy now well our policy
is very clear we do not want safe havens
and what we've gone through we've
undertaken a very serious
effort to cleanse ourselves and to clear
the areas the different operations that
the Army has undertaken have cleared
those areas areas that were unthinkable
or visiting you can come and travel
there you can come and see for yourself
see how life has returned how people
have gone back how there are sports
activities taking place how schools are
being rebuilt an area that we're at one
stage it was felt that the writ of the
government doesn't exist in those with
those way areas have now been merged
with the KP province look at the areas
that were governed under a special law
are now being governed by similar laws
they have been brought into the
mainstream
do you think the timing of that was
unfortunate you had the Trump
administration coming into power not
really initially focusing much on
building foreign relationships it took a
long time because they think frankly
didn't expect to be elected took a long
time for them to reach out to people
around the world and at the same time by
the time they were getting to know
countries around the world
you had the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
removed from power it seems to be a
rather unfortunate set of timings that
when you could have reached out to the
Trump administration you sort of had a
caretaker type administration in place
until the elections that have bought
your party to power
well Nawaz Sharif was not taken out of
power there was a Supreme Court judgment
he was held accountable and nobody threw
him out even when he left but he was
convicted the party continued
the party was still in office the Prime
Minister who succeeded him was his
hand-picked prime minister ministers
were the same Punjab the largest
province of the country had his brother
governing their province but what I'm
saying is do you not think because of
all the what happened the relationship
with the u.s. got neglected by the
previous government well the people's
coming for four and a half years had no
foreign minister ha what was stopping
them you know right Minister was doing
the job as well wasn't it well you see
prime as the Prime Minister supposedly
was doing the job but Prime Minister
prime ministers and they have so much on
their plate they cannot focus on on
events that are off that require
immediate attention so a lot of things
wake naught and a lot of relationships
got affected and one of those is the
u.s. relationship you've told me how
things have changed but President Trump
hasn't got the message Congress hasn't
got the message the Pentagon hasn't got
the message Congress has withdrawn 500
million dollars in aid funds the
Pentagon's cancel 300 million dollars in
military assistance how do you get the
message to Washington we are one month
old
it takes time he did engage won't the
only high-level interaction we've had is
just one meeting for the Secretary of
State when 30 Pompeo visited Islamabad
now on its way to tele
that was the first engagement that this
government had and I think it was a good
beating
the conversation that he had with the
prime minister on telephone was a good
conversation and the meeting he had with
me and then with the leadership the
civil and the military leadership I was
part of that was very encouraging and
the fact that he is going to meet me on
the second in Washington
shows that they're thinking of perhaps
revisiting their approach to Pakistan
does Pakistan now have other options
than just the u.s. relationship do you
can you have them in Russia for example
and China where you have a have had a
very long friendship but growing ties
and growing economic ties do you need
the u.s. in the way you perhaps did in
the past we want us to be a friends with
Pakistan we recognize the u.s. is an
important global power and they will
continue to be a military technological
and economic power in the foreseeable
future
well they yeah they are looking at
different options they're looking at new
friends in the region and we've do have
friends who've been consistent very
valuable China's one of them the others
the others who feel and recognize how
important how strategically located
Pakistan is and to understand Pakistan's
importance so we are not we're not alone
and everyone has options I know you're
not the Finance Minister you're the
Foreign Minister but is one of those
options alone from the IMF and how do
you square if that is an option the
words you've just said and the words
from your Prime Minister he said we
formed a bad habit of living on loans
and aids from other country no country
can prosper like this those words mean
an IMF loan is ruled out on earth no no
that does not mean that what it means is
that we today have accumulated so much
debt that bulk of our resources are
stood servicing that debt and we need to
we need to do things differently but yes
there are financial institutions that
bail out countries when the ein a
typical situation and we haven't ruled
out coming to the IMF in terms of
relations with India early days you and
your Prime Minister have reached out to
the Indians it seems you have been
rebuffed you must be disappointed what
we did was we thought made sense to
neighbors with outstanding issues atomic
powers
how do you fix things war is no option
there is no military solution the only
solution is a dialogue and the priority
of this government is we want to fix our
internal challenges we want to fix the
economy we want job creation we want
stability you want peace we want to
concentrate on the western side and if
you want to concentrate on the western
side we want we wanted ease on the
eastern side so we we reached out and
wanted to engage and we the Prime
Minister in his first address on the
26th of July very clearly said you take
one step towards peace we will take - a
very clear message Are you disappointed
that that initial message was rebuffed
or do you think we're already in the
indian election cycle I think Indian
internal domestic politics prevailed and
they do you realize what we are saying
makes sense and is a big element within
India look at look at the criticism that
the government the Indian government is
facing from there old people from their
intelligence share from their own media
a lot of people think that it wasn't a
wise decision but that's their decision
there is no other option if there is an
option spirit out I'd like to end by
talking about another of your key
neighbors we've already touched on it
and that's Afghanistan there does now
seem to be a u.s. appetite for talks
with the Taliban there were some talks
there was a brief truce during Eid how
do you see these developments and what
do you think should be Pakistan's role
in this well Prime Minister Brown County
for a long time has been saying this
that there is no military solution to
Palestine the only solution is a de
gauche eiated political settlement an
inclusive approach after all Taliban are
France if you want peace and stability
in Afghanistan you you need to
incorporate them bring them into the
mainstream what you need to do is
convince them that violence is not the
right way of going about give up arms
come to the negotiating table and and
play your role you know but in the
system recognize the Constitution and
play a role and what model for that
would you have because I mean the Afghan
government have tried their own talks
you had talks last year that took place
in Pakistan you have a Taliban mission
you could call it that in Qatar you have
the u.s. his own approach you have the
Russians also making suggestions how do
you bring all these efforts together and
the second part of my question
are you sure that Taliban really want to
negotiate when they're doing well on the
battlefield
well I think if there's enough incentive
provided why shouldn't a negotiator
why should they I think they also do
realize that things have changed within
Afghanistan over the last 16 17 years
and they just cannot run over and just
get to Kabul and just go and take over
the country that's no longer possible so
there's a new realization everywhere
I think the Afghan government also
recognizes and realizes that there are
areas where they have a considerable
amount of influence there are districts
that they control you got to you got to
recognize that and accept that so
there's a new realization that is
evolving a new convergence that is in
the making and that is let's give peace
a chance and let's give dialogue and
reconciliation a chance events since
9/11 in Afghanistan have also affected
the destiny of Pakistan if you could
have peace in Afghanistan what could it
mean for Pakistan Oh a lot stability
economic growth employment opportunities
and fixing things that have been ignored
for a while fixing our internal
institutions changing the way Pakistan
has been run the way Pakistan has been
governed utilizing our resources on on
human development the most valuable
asset of the country the people we
haven't invested enough in education in
health drinking water so sort of free
prioritizing things
foreign minister Qureshi thank you very
much for speaking to al-jazeera thank
you thank you
you
