the rising economies of Asia new
leadership in Africa nationalism versus
internationalist values Donald J Trump
versus much of the world this year's
World Economic Forum annual meeting in
the Swiss ski resort of Davos offers has
wider perspective on the global economy
as any in recent years globalization
instead of globalization the power of
protectionism is putting its head up
there which does not will save them some
globalization but to change the natural
flow of globalization special attention
this year is reserved for Donald Trump
who's closing address on Friday is the
meetings most anticipated moment
protests have already taken place nearby
Trump is the first u.s. president to
visit Davos in 18 years and one who
stands apparently opposed to the Davos
ethos of globalism with his America
first policy of economic nationalism I
said we should be surprised and Davos is
always a place where we look for
surprises and I hope it will be a
positive surprise so you're expecting to
hit him to be rather more concealer its
concealer to worry rather than his his
feisty self a six of facts that he is
coming to Davos is already a message in
itself
Trump's inauguration that took place
amid such global uncertainty at the same
time as the Davos meeting last year
feels like a long time ago now a general
upswing in world economies has lifted
the mood of many but they'll be asking
themselves here is it sustainable NGOs
will again warn that global growth can
only go up if inequality comes down the
world's eighth richest people they say
hold the same amount of wealth as the
poorest four billion this year's meeting
will urge CEOs to improve their
company's contribution to society that's
the sort of focus Davos isn't best known
for jonah hull al jazeera Davos
