this man strip naked is being told to
stay silent as he's burnt with what's
said to be molten plastic in another
video people are being beaten his
kidnappers disgust ransom money
these videos are reportedly of Sudanese
refugees being abused in Libya al
Jazeera cannot verify the pictures but
the humiliation in abuse of African
migrants here is not new Libya is a
major hub for human smugglers and
traffickers who used the country as a
transit for a perilous boat journey to
Europe some officials have been accused
of taking bribes to free people from
illegal detention centers where people
are kept under inhumane conditions but
Libyan forces denied the allegations
that some are involved in rape forced
labor and even murder the fully equipped
Navy and Coast Guard say they're doing
Europe's job of policing 1,700
kilometres of coastline and the
Mediterranean the Navy spokesman says
the issue of migrant abuse is being
fabricated to force international
intervention they want to make illegal
immigrants victims and to make Libya
look like the culprit perhaps when these
things proliferate the international
community will be urged to intervene in
Libya under the pretext of illegal
immigration this is part of their plan
Libya has been fragmented between two
governments and many militias vying for
power
last year the videos of African migrants
being sold in slave auctions sparked an
international outcry but Libyans accused
European nations of not doing enough and
say the onus of dealing with migrants
from across Africa has been dumped on
Libya Libya did not and cannot play the
role of a policeman this relationship
needs to be organized an international
conference between Libyans and northern
European states should resolve how Libya
can deal with part of the matter as all
of it can't be imposed on Libya we
cannot be a cemetery a residence or a
jail despite the crackdown by Libyan and
Italian navies more than a hundred
thousand migrants reached Italy last
year at least 3,000 people died in boats
which couldn't withstand the rough
Mediterranean waters rights groups say
the strategy to turn people away hasn't
worked and opened new avenues for abuse
and exploitation
after years of failure Europe in Libya
need a new approach some of in job aid
other there
