Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announcing
what he's calling a major change to your
newsfeed its users will see less public
content by going under a lot of
criticism for the last two years over
what Facebook is doing to society
Facebook is taking a big chunk of the
news out of its newsfeed and in so doing
retreating from a crucial part of its
business having transformed the way
billions of people consume and share
news online in some cases the way news
organizations produce it
Facebook is junking that approach
replacing news with more content from
your friends something had to give
venturing into the news business has
brought Facebook revenues but also a
boatload of trouble the platform has
been blamed for the spread of fake news
misinformation and hateful content
online spare a thought though for news
publishers many of them have made big
changes to their business models to max
out on Facebook as a way to get to
audiences they've been left holding the
bag
but the platform's founder Mark
Zuckerberg is batting away his critics
he's saying he's doing right by the
people who matter most to him his users
our starting point this week is Facebook
Silicon Valley headquarters Menlo Park
California
in the words of Mark Zuckerberg we're
making a major change to how we build
Facebook he wrote that the feedback he
was getting said that public content
including posts from media was crowding
out the personal moments that lead us to
connect more with each other that marked
the beginning of the reining in of the
news component in Facebook's newsfeed to
be replaced by more personal faith
coming when it did in early January
Zuckerberg note read like a lengthy New
Year's resolution
someone's swearing off some bad habits
recently acquired what it really was was
a business decision
look Facebook is a business it's a
publicly traded company every
announcement that Mark Zuckerberg makes
is a business decision and another
motivating factor is that they're losing
the demographic battle younger people
are much less engaged with Facebook than
ever before so up till now Facebook has
kind of been doing a push towards more
media content on their newsfeed they've
been pushing for video and a lot of like
different publishers have been creating
video that's specifically for Facebook
from what it sounds like they're going
to change that now by devaluing what
what publishers are doing and kind of
promoting what family and friends are
saying well I think Facebook is trying
to be altruistic I mean a one-level you
want to say he's trying really hard you
know and this is all new to him he's not
a news guy the fact that there is this
platform that has two billion users is a
brand new thing and nobody really knows
what you're supposed to do with it and
the good thing about Facebook is they're
always been willing to shift and change
that's one of the reasons they have
lasted for so long we have to be a
little cynical about it because we're
looking at a very very large business
and a large business that is basically
under attack at this moment
lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic
have made it clear they're coming after
Facebook the US Congress is looking into
the site's effect on the 2016
presidential elections when it was
manipulated not just through posts from
Russian troll farms but through the
placement of political ads from foreign
actors that Facebook was paid for that's
illegal
the European Union has passed a law that
goes into effect in four months it will
restrict the way personal data can be
collected stored and used and proposes
heavy fines for companies like Facebook
and Google should they break the new
rules Germany has a new law allowing for
fines of up to fifty million euros if
Facebook or any other major social media
player fails to take down obvious cases
of hate speech and fake news quickly
enough France has threatened to find
Facebook for taking user data from
whatsapp which it also owns without user
consent the list goes on other types of
things they're facing is just how do
they handle illegal content like child
pornography on their platforms how do
they handle content that could be
damaging to our national security
interests like terrorism videos and
expect lawmakers in the US but also in
Europe to take a heavy look at what
antitrust means for these platforms how
did we let them to get so big how do we
let them grow to the point where they're
eating other businesses and should we be
regulating them in a way that sort of
clamps down on that dominance Facebook
and a lot of the other tech companies
were called to account by the United
States Congress among other legislative
bodies around the world and in one of
those hearings a senator Feinstein from
California so the state in which you
know Facebook resides basically said you
have to be the ones to do something
about it or we will and so there's you
know great incentive on the part of
Facebook to do something the fact is
that Facebook changes their algorithm
all the time but they don't always make
an announcement about it so the fact
that they made an announcement about it
is probably a response to that very
Challenge the changes to Facebook's
newsfeed will have a far greater effect
on news producers than consumers
consider the lengths that publishers
have gone to to make their material work
on the platform the instant articles
feature launched in 2015
forced news outlets to reformat their
articles in order to conform to
Facebook's mobile app all those social
videos on the site news outlets telling
their stories through text on screen
sparing Facebookers the bother of
turning up the sound shooting or
formatting their videos vertically
rather than the more traditional
horizontal view those innovations were
made because that's what Facebook's
layout demanded the relationship that
news organizations have had with
Facebook has always been complicated now
having been given notice of being
de-emphasized in the newsfeed they have
a right to feel aggrieved jilted and
fearful of what the future holds well
it's gotten a lot of publishers really
freaked out publishers had really gotten
to a point where the vast majority of
them were getting their traffic from
social media when people say they get
their traffic from social media they
really mean Facebook with its 2 billion
users versus Twitter with it on a good
day 300 million users and too many of
them have gone into a habit where
they're creating news stories and just
basing their whole business model on
driving traffic from Facebook however it
will force a lot of publishers to think
more strategically about their business
about their consumers in their audience
you know force them to think about
audience instead of traffic and I think
in the long run it will be easier for
publishers to make a business when you
think about developing an engaged
audience as opposed to just gaming the
Facebook traffic it will be a lot easier
in some cases for publishers because
they're not going to invest millions of
dollars to create the products that work
just for Facebook when Facebook changes
that algorithm a lot of like small local
papers lose their viewership by 30% and
it takes them like three months to get
back because of how these systems are
being changed under the hood
how they have to like respond to them so
I think like yes there's a lot to be
said about their accountability and lack
like the lack of transparency and
responsibilities around the content the
coming changes to the newsfeed will be
significant but they will not fix
Facebook's problem with fake news new
stories will still be on the site
especially if your friends have liked or
shared them and given what we know about
social media ecosystems news bubbles and
comfort zones fake news will still find
audiences it's noteworthy that Mark
Zuckerberg is post on the changes did
not even mention fake news because he
knows Facebook has no solution to the
problem so it's just distancing itself
from the things that show up on your
newsfeed are things that the people who
you're friends with are engaged with it
doesn't mean that the things that your
friends are engaged with are any truer
than they were before anything that gets
lots of people excited about something
is going to shoot up to the top of your
newsfeed so it in fact is reinforcing
this notion of viral content so I don't
know how it it actually solves the
problem of fake news I almost wonder if
it gets worse because the way that
Facebook came to this situation is that
there was a financial incentive for
people to create hyper-partisan
hyperbolic news on the platform the more
outrageous the content was the more
engagement it received the more traffic
it would drive back to these content
makers web sites the more traffic they
have the more ad revenue they've gained
and so if they're going to focus on
getting people to engage you can imagine
that the type of people who create that
hyper-partisan echo chamber like content
are going to take advantage of that
you
