Oh year-old Kabongo tuba his mother mu
baka and three siblings spent two months
on the road from their village to Kasai
Central's capital Kananga with little to
eat they had fled the fighting between
government forces and the components
opera walls which was adding to communal
conflict that already existed it's been
a month since they arrived and both
mother and son still have symptoms of
malnutrition it was very hard walking so
long with my children at some point I
couldn't walk at all if it wasn't for
the help of the people we were with in
the forest I would have died at another
Nutrition Center mothers bring their
children to get weighed and for food and
medicine gdb mutombos distended belly
discolored hair and lethargic state are
obvious signs that he needs assistance
humanitarian agencies say about 400,000
children in this region are malnourished
and more than 3 million people are
facing starvation because they've been
unable to plant crops for three seasons
it's quite difficult to see the scale of
the crisis in Castile because most of
the affected are in five villages that
are hard to access people who had fled
to the forest but are now coming back
home and those who are still displaced
aid workers say they need much help
let's not forget this has been a
protection crisis and right now when the
conflict as dispersed in certain areas
we start seeing very difficult cases of
children that had seen a lot of
atrocities committed on their on their
parents we've seen children's that have
had to witness how their parents were
killing another people here are now
receiving some aid but in this area last
year dozens of people were killed the
catholic church put in the figure for
the entire casaya region since a
conflict began at around 3000 both
rebels and government forces accused of
the killings i do not want to go back to
my home village my house is destroyed my
children were killed there how can I
return
at the center in Kananga we are told gdb
is going to be alright
he'll get all the medical and
nutritional help he needs the big
concern is that many other children
won't be so fortunate because aid
agencies don't have enough resources to
go around
Catherine saw a al-jazeera Kasai central
in the Democratic Republic of Congo
