North Korea's leader Kim jong-un opened
this military museum in 2013 with a
valuable trophy as its centerpiece the
USS Pueblo captured in 1968 and still on
display in Pyongyang today this can be a
good educational place that can pass on
the condition of the war era to a new
generation so they can win against the
u.s. imperialist if they start another
war many thought the United States
should have gone to war in 1968 and it
was preparing for that possibility 82
men were taken prisoner and one was
killed in the attack on the ship
carrying classified documents and
equipment but the US was fighting in
Vietnam and did not want a second Korean
War it held a series of meetings with
North Korea at the border village of
Panmunjom and after eleven months the
prisoners were released the deployment
effort was properly backed by really
strong and unmistakable demonstration of
you know military forces by the US bong
young-shik says that combination of
engagement and pressure negotiating
while continuing to leave open the
possibility of war is the strategy that
can be applied to the present situation
inter-korean talks at the same border
village had ended in the agreement for
North Korea to participate in next
month's Winter Olympics in South Korea
two North Korean ice skaters have
qualified for the Olympics and the venue
for their competition will be here in
gangneung on the northeastern coast it's
also the site of this display a reminder
of another military incident one North
Korea would prefer to forget the
submarine ran aground during an
infiltration in 1996 forcing the 26
North Koreans to flee all but two were
killed along with 11 South Korean
soldiers and six civilians the vessel
salvaged and put on display on the shore
where the incident occurred relics on
both sides of the divided Peninsula that
remains technically at war
serving as
endures of the fragility of peace Kathy
Novak al-jazeera kangnam's South Korea
