trickling back to assess the ruins of
their homes these are some of the
thousands of people who fled almost a
week of cross-border violence between
rivals Pakistan and India the villagers
live in indian-administered Kashmir
Christian Lao says he's returning to a
home that no longer feels safe
Bibi there are no money we don't feel
like coming here it's frightening look
at the losses the whole village is empty
nobody feels like coming back to the
village Kashmir has been divided between
India and Pakistan since 1947 and
remains hotly disputed territory India
and Pakistan regularly trade fire across
the so-called line of control the de
facto border separating the parts of
Kashmir held by both countries but these
latest hostilities extend even further
south taking place on the border between
Pakistan and Indian administered Kashmir
the competing claims have fueled two
wars between the nuclear-armed nations
and are behind more than 800
cross-border incidents in 2017 alone in
late 2016 there was cross-border fire
from both sides
after India said it had carried out
strikes on suspected fighters allegedly
moving from pakistan-administered
Kashmir into parts of Kashmir under
India's control something Pakistan
denied it followed in attack on an
Indian army base in URI that left 18
soldiers dead some an
indian-administered Kashmir are hoping
bunkers will protect them when the next
shells fall Korea said but as the line
of control is only about 50 or 60 metres
away from where we are standing a number
of community bunkers have been installed
here and we need the government to build
even more many here say the region
hasn't felt safe for years officials
have closed some schools and definitely
impacting a new generation that's only
ever known the hostilities hostilities
that threatened the fragile ceasefire
forged around 15 years ago and the
well-being of people
on both sides of the border MIDI and the
haand Al Jazeera
