at the UN in Geneva the United Arab
Emirates was at the center of attention
on Monday but as they were lining up
with a national flag one floor above
diplomats lined up to highlight how the
UAE needs to improve its human rights
one of the areas of concern in the
recent UN report is arbitrary detention
and torture
that's something Nagi Hamden knows all
about the u.s. Lebanese businessman was
arrested at his home in Abu Dhabi he
still doesn't know why held in an
unknown location and beaten over many
months he was eventually convicted of
supporting terrorism and based on a
confession made under duress
interrogators threatened to to do things
to my wife I couldn't I couldn't take it
after that all the physical abuse was
you know somehow following but when it
came to that and I know he was serious
because whatever he said before he did
so I could not I told him you know
whatever you want I'll sign anything at
a side event at the UN victims of abuse
and their lawyers spoke out people like
David Hague as managing director of lead
United Football Club he traveled to the
UAE to resolve a business dispute he was
thrown into jail where he says he was
tortured and sexually abused he now
works to get legal redress for people
who've gone through similar experiences
I've seen it time and time again where
unscrupulous companies realize that the
UAE has a terribly weak and corrupt
justice system open to manipulation and
bribery and they use it as a litigation
tool and it's happening time and time
and time again so when it was happening
to me I thought I was the only one but
I've realized there are hundreds
possibly thousands of others over the
years the system of secret prisons
remains that hasn't changed at all then
the unfair trial process is once persons
are brought to to regular prisons
continues as well so there needs to be a
routine branch over all of the whole
system and they have the opportunity to
do that now as part of its charm
offensive here in Geneva the UAE is
putting on a display of traditional
Emirati culture and in the
session itself the Minister of State for
Foreign Affairs strongly defended his
country's human rights record the UAE
delegation said they were implementing
previous recommendations like better
support for foreign workers and tackling
domestic violence but there was little
of substance on areas such as ending
torture or the death penalty for many
international rights groups the UAE has
a long way to go
Nadine barber al Jazeera at the UN in
Geneva
