it's almost becoming routine shelling
and heavy artillery fired by the Turkish
army into Syria but Monday brought a new
development with turkey opening a new
front in the ground offensive Free
Syrian Army fighters will now move
towards a fleeing from the East
initially the FSA forces entered Syria
through Turkey from its west and
northern borders without freedom air
strikes and heavy shelling helped pave
the way in the first 24 hours turkey
says it is targeting YPG fighters the
Kurdish group it says is a terrorist
organization which also happens to be
America's strongest ally in fighting
ISIL and in Syria's ever complicated web
of regional and international
allegiances enter Russia key to allowing
Turkey to operate in our freen something
many already knew but the Turkey's
president admitted to on Monday for the
first time we will handle a friend
there's no stepping back from a friend
we discussed this with our Russian
friends we have an agreement with them
Turkey's top military officials and
intelligence chief were in Moscow in the
run-up to the offensive Russia had
military personnel in a free in which it
has now pulled out the people of Afrin
we've spoken to feel a sense of
abandonment a feeling of betrayal echoed
in a news conference by the Syrian
democratic forces further east of Afreen
the group backed by the u.s. to fight
ISIL with the bulk of its fighters from
the YPG Turkey would not have dared to
shell our cities or villages or commit
crimes against our children without
Russia violating their ethical
obligation towards us and giving the
green light to Turkey to fly their jet
fighters over our friends skies
therefore Russia is required to provide
an explanation of the circumstances
around the Turkish aggression against
our people an explanation may be hard to
come by the politics of Syria's war are
being played out behind closed doors the
war however is as active as a
it's been really difficult to get
information out of a frame because the
coms have been so bad but we have
managed to speak to some sources who
tell us that life inside the city of
ethylene itself is pretty normal they
say the ypg is adamant that they are not
going to give up the city or the region
they do tell us however that from the
border villages the people who live
there many have moved further in because
of Turkey's relentless shelling and that
is something that we've been hearing
here intensively throughout the day
there's been a steady stream of military
hardware heading to the border turkey
says it will not stop its offensive
until it has pushed the YPG away from
its borders further complicating Syria's
almost seven year long war Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera on the turkey-syria
border
