hi I'm for me okay and you are in the
stream where we are continuing our week
of special shows from the Sundance Film
Festival today how a Syrian refugees
settling into the United States in just
a few minutes will be crossing over to
my co-host Malik of allow Malika hello I
penny this is one of my favorite films
of the week so far so I'm looking
forward to this conversation when he was
in Park City Mall from her in just a
moment but first here's a little preview
of this is home have a look where are
you from where you from I'm from Iraq
sure know where you from
Afghanistan where you from this one date
area Syria a Aliyeva Baltimore
this is home is about for Syrian refugee
families who have been resettled in
Baltimore Maryland and they are starting
over me and you go to Murphy
vegetables
our young with madrasah hi how are you
what's your name Linda and I got the
destination on this audio password yeah
the International Rescue Committee is
the place where we met all of these
subjects so now I'm gonna have you all
introduce yourself to both the class and
Timmy what's so complicated that they
have eight months within which to become
self-sufficient can you think of some
times when you might need to say your
address in English how about an unknown
one at the end of those eight months
they need to be learning the language
have a job be able to take care of
themselves
the new documentary this is home follows
four syrian refugee families as they
tried to settle into new lives in the
united states right here in the studio
from the film we are joined by book tour
and the engineering student from syria
who now lives in baltimore welcome
lovely to have you and Abdullaev is a
youth caseworker with the International
Crisis Group that's an organization that
works with Syrian refugees when they
arrived in the US he was also featured
in the film you so I'm just there just a
second or two ago and over at the
Sundance Film Festival Malika who do you
have mm-hmm thanks for me here in Park
City I'm joined by the executive
producer of this is home princess Vivian
of Jordan welcome to the stream your
highness thank you for being here
this film was your brainchild where did
the idea come from and and why is this
different than any other film about
Syrian refugees well it's different
because it's fantastic because the
audience will judge but I come by this
cause and by this passion honestly I
mean being jordanian is in my DNA so it
was natural for me to be involved in
every aspect of that but since this
crisis has became unbelievably
unstoppable I've found that there's
something we need to do to reach the
people in their homes to get sympathy to
get affection we needed on a more
personal level and I thought maybe the
visual idea of having a film they can
see it in the comfort of their home
maybe we'll just force the issue in the
most genteel way and thus I came up with
the idea of a film I called my Alexander
Shiva my goddaughter and I said she's a
great filmmaker and I said how about hmm
are you reading the newspaper can you
see what's going on we need to do
something so we discussed it on the
phone for a while and then she said yes
we met again and again and in no time at
all the film was rolling here from
Alexandra in just a bit but before we
let you go
what's one takeaway that you want people
to leave with when they see this film
and then go home to their communities
well I want them to take from it the
fact that these refugees are just people
like us they are just so unlucky their
needs are different at the moment
they're going through the roughest patch
of any decent human beings life and so
we must realize that and be
compassionate be patient
listen to them and be like good
Samaritans spread the word for the
community for the neighbors for your in
this country for your congressman just
talk about the Isle of Jordan executive
producer of this is home thank you so
much for joining the stream Thank You
Batman
pleasure I'm just bringing bottle here
but to that first week when you arrived
in the US what memory will you never
forget that's feared in your brain thank
you for hosting us yes sir welcome the
first memory that I will never forget
the moment I met my family again and I
was reunited with them we all cried like
and we hugged each other for like five
minutes straight how long had you been
separated because your mother was here
ahead of you and she thought the girls
are come soon what happened my mom left
Jordan in February 2000 and
and she went to the United States and
she seek asylum but now her case is
still bending as find them until the
moment and we were still waiting for her
like to bring us to the United States
but what actually happened we got the
refugee status through the UNHCR and
Jordan and that's how we are united
again with her I'm looking at a picture
of you and your sisters and your mom all
in Jordan thinking it's just gonna be a
little a little while between when you
were separated and you ended up having
to stay in Jordan your mum was in one
place you were in another place I'm
gonna get more of that story in just a
moment but that read that reunion was
really special for you
Abdur as a caseworker you see these
refugee families day one right what is
it that strikes you about how they are
there they're dropped in a US city and
then what happens to them first of all
again thanks for hosting us you're
welcome
definitely families when they first come
here they are anxious they are nervous
they don't know what to expect they have
a lot of questions they want answers
they might have they've had some sort of
orientation back home about what is life
like in the US but of course it's not
the same until you land and then you are
faced with the day-to-day struggles so
that's I would say a lot of times they
have a lot of questions that need
answers for but what did you think you
knew about the US before you got here I
thought like life here would be more
easier but I faced some difficulties
even even though I knew how to speak
English but living here is like
challenging you have to get to know to
the city to the transportations I wasn't
able to drive and I had to learn how to
drive here and I got a lot of tickets
now could you could you tell the
officers I've just got here
I shouldn't really deserve a ticket did
you manage to get out a few tickets yeah
so I was parking in a place that wears
like no parking and I didn't realize
that until my car was towed and they
couldn't do anything about that yeah
after they were survival phrases that
you teach families who arrive day 1 day
2 what are the survival phrases the ones
they have to know to get around of
course they want to know their home
address they want to know their phone
number they want to know where they live
how to call 9-1-1 if there's an
emergency what to do these are things
that we try to teach them from day one
because it is especially if you don't
speak the language these are very
important things that you need to know
when I work with the children I before
they start school I try to sit down with
them and have them know some again some
survival phrases if you may like how to
get to the bathroom you know my name is
I I don't eat this food basic things
that we take for granted that are for
them very important Malika is in Park
City with the filmmakers of this is Ho
Malika mm-hmm I'm joined now by director
Alexandre Shiva and producer Lindsay
McGrew welcome to the stream ladies
thank you so much for being here
the first question I wanted to give you
is via our community this is a comment
we got be a facebook from someone who's
interested in watching this film
this is Vienna and this is what she told
this dream by Anne says what outcome did
you hope to achieve by producing this
film many have lost interest in the
plight of refugees do you think that
your film will help reignite that
Alexandra it's a really interesting
question and I I do hope that it will
and the outcome that we were hoping for
is that if we are able to create we're
able to bring an audience into a very
intimate
character-driven human experience with
these people with these families where
they're not nameless faceless millions
that you can walk away understanding
things that maybe you just didn't
understand about the refugee experience
for these particular families and then
hopefully it can it can branch out words
in terms of the universal truth of
humanity right and leslie picked me up
in that way you know we hear so much
about numbers numbers of refugees and
numbers of those resettling but as
alexandra was saying this is more about
the human faces behind those numbers
that was intentional clearly but what
was it about this documentary that makes
it different than other films about
Syrians well just to pick up over here
saying about the numbers there are over
five million Syrian refugees
overwhelming that sometimes people tend
to shut down so this film allows you
into the homes into the kitchens of for
Syrian refugee families so you get to
know them in a much more intimate
and
right I felt like I knew them and just
just from watching not thumpa me and
just adding to the conversation I mean I
think that what we hope to do is add to
the conversation and and there aren't a
lot of thumbs about the once they get
here
so once actually people resettle what is
that journey like and all of the draw
there's a lot of drama in everyday life
of resettling right for me part of that
drama is that in the film the refugee
families have just eight months to get
themselves together to be
self-sufficient and then all of the
support they have around them it
disappears it goes away and so as you're
watching the film you feel this anxiety
along with the families about will they
be ready in just eight months I wanted
to meet a gentleman called Paul dune and
he talks about it's about home about
Syria have a look
lava labeed Fiona here still a baby
la madrastra little antia
Liana's on a consistent massive tow
llama yatta state Eclair stateless
avocado bubble chart massive Movado an
accomplice a novice visual and assemble
machine and a hotel at all Hotel Zeus
tree and they fishery a Duma barfing
sewer can hello new state the Sharia had
a little empty zealots you are an artist
alien alone illustrator mark should be
cool a bit active our puffle public
estate in LA while hillock in the
atmosphere but I was just mindful to be
eternal make an oblique way nobility but
to does that resonate with you actually
yes
we all miss Syria and we never thought
about leaving our country until like the
crisis happened and the war
like was very bad and we were kind of
forced to leave our country
it wasn't our choice in the first place
yeah how did you get families ready in
eight months to be able to navigate
America eight months it's definitely not
an easy task it comes with a lot of
challenges you know you start to realize
that maybe eight months are not enough
for some families because oftentimes you
see them coming back and still have
unanswered questions so what we do is we
try within that time period to equip
them with as much knowledge to lead them
show them how to do things so that the
goal is crossing the road yeah which is
so basic don't put money in the mail
what else were the basic things that you
had to learn yeah for the mail we didn't
handle mail in Syria and here I figure
out that all that like the bills like
the official papers should be sent in
mail and this is like very obvious for
people living in the US but for me I had
to learn that yeah
Malika you know if I mean just hearing
but to describe that and Abdul described
what people have to learn when they come
here you realize how disconcerting it is
to know a country inside it out and then
be forced to flee that country I want to
bring up a tweet here from someone who
understands that this is Upton Bailey on
Twitter and he says this is a terrible
life experience and reminds me of the
phrase there's no place like home home
is everything no earlier family you
played that clip from dune and he talked
about the children and he misses his
family and Syria is everything to him
Alexandra and and and and and Lindsey
thinking of the name of this film where
did that come from
I think you know we didn't name the film
until the very end and and we had a lot
of names and a lot of titles that we
were thinking about but but the one that
kept coming back to us was this idea of
being exiled from home missing home what
is home is this home this is home and so
that's really how we arrived at this is
home and and that it's it's such a
fraught tenuous situation for them and
and everybody just wants to be home and
how do you create that wherever you are
right there's actually a scene in the
film where uh dune is learning English
and so he says I am Syria instead of I
am from Syria and it's striking and I
actually read a few other articles who
also picked up on this it's striking
because in a way he is Syria what did
you make of that scene of the film you
know I think it's funny because there's
all sorts
but in those miscommunications you learn
so much about how people are trying to
connect I think it reveals a lot about
what people are feeling even when it's
unintentional mm-hmm
Femi we're getting some reaction online
there's a lot of support for your
stories and understanding what you're
going through but also people are saying
some mean things this is just a little
taste of perhaps what you're navigating
here in the States at some point in the
documentary there was a moment where the
travel ban happened what is that impact
had on you your friends your new
community that actually was a very bad
news for all of us
I had like some friends in Jordan they
were like waiting to be resettled here
and they was and it kind of slowed down
the process for them and also we are
here like fearing what's gonna affect
our daily lives like so far i didn't
face any difficulties or anyone like
haters or like but i still have like
something in my heart like maybe one day
someone will do something to me because
especially i'm wearing hijab you know
yeah I wouldn't put this to Alexandra in
Park City Alexander I'm gonna share this
with you it's Tracy Davenport who is on
YouTube right now she says we are not
interested in their personal life this
is a little sliver of perhaps a small
percentage of people out there who do
not understand what it means to resettle
and be a refugee what would you say to
people who don't get it Alexander
I would say try to imagine if all of a
sudden you had to go to a country that
you didn't speak the language the
culture was completely different you
couldn't get any of the food that you
ever eats and you were told that you had
to resettle you had to make a life you
had to make a living you had to pay
bills and you had to do it in eight
months and that it's something that I
believe that as human beings we can all
relate to this story it's just a matter
of whether or not we're able to open our
hearts and relate because there and
finding a job is often the hardest part
because you have families who are used
to a specific occupation at home and
then have to come here and find out that
they can't get that same job yes I mean
they you know people are people are
people everywhere we are humanity knows
no borders and we these are people who
are just trying to make a living they're
trying to feed their families and
they're trying to have a better future
for their children and in a way it is it
is a classic immigration story even
though there's the refugee piece which
makes it different but you know these
this country is founded on people coming
from other places and trying to make a
better life for their the next
generation hmm I just want to remind our
audience what's happening in Syria right
now this is how aj+ has been reporting
syrian news in the last couple of weeks
have a look
so that's the backdrop to why it's so
important to see what's happening to
refugees who are here from Syria and the
news that is happening back at home let
me go back to Malika
Malika what do you have
so I actually wanted to bring up this
comment via Twitter because earlier you
mentioned the immigration story and this
is specific because there's a refugee
angle but the immigration story of
course resonates with a lot of people
especially here in the US this is from
Janerio SuJu on twitter and she writes
one of the things that is of note is the
experience of dealing with immigration
bureaucracy and that comes across in the
film in in several ways but was that
surprising to you all at all that that
everyone that it's complicated yes but
in the ways that it's complicated
because you know there's just things
like well them not understanding that
when they got a job they have to show up
to that job and if they didn't then they
might face the consequences but it sorta
feels like getting in trouble and so it
kind of feels like someone is telling
them that they did wrong but you know
there are consequences to this right I
think I mean I think that it's clear in
the movie that it's a complicated
dynamic that there are people that
everyone is trying to do their best
everyone is human on all sides of all of
the the people coming here the people
trying to help and that it's very
difficult to to cross cultures and cross
language barriers and and I think that
for the the families you know
understanding what was expected of them
it takes time it really does
to try and explain and I mean I feel
maybe that Abdul can speak better to
that but I I think that it really is
it's a process and and there's another
piece which is important to me in that
particular scene which is that there's a
tremendous dignity preservation piece I
think for people who are coming they are
willing to do whatever they need to do
but they also are trying to maintain
their day
and it's very difficult in a situation
where you're thrown into a world that
you don't know and expectations that
you're it's a learning curve like none
of us have ever seen
do you want to pick up on that
immigration bureaucracy via Twitter that
we got from Jimmy airing yeah I mean I
would say that uh it is definitely like
not an easy process to resettle into a
new country there are a lot of barriers
you have to cross and then even once you
get here there's a lot more things to do
to for example to get your green card to
get your citizenship so it's it's not
like it's once you get here it's all
smooth and it's old downhill it actually
might be more difficult and what I would
say about the cultural part is you know
when families come in they have to adopt
and of course when you have children
children up it's maybe easier it's
faster for them to adapt to the culture
and that sort of creates this sort of
like tension between the parents and the
children because you know the children
go to school and they are with their
American friends and of course they want
to fit in and while the parents may be
all the kids to stay true to their roots
and they don't want them to be maybe
Americanized so yeah this is just like a
common challenge that um a lot of
families face that I work with on a
daily basis and I've told the kids seem
to actually be the most resilient and
seem to be out to pick up being American
being in America really quickly for
instance at the beginning of the
documentary in the beginning of the
eight months none of them could speak
English let me show you what happened
towards the end of the eight months same
kids let's have a look at my bar things
kind of shook if a power
where are you from my from Assyria you
have hair all right
best thing about living in America but
all being with my family this is the
best thing ever the other thing that I'm
able to continue my studying here I'm
student a graduate student at the
University of Maryland Baltimore County
and that's like me living my dream okay
all right American Dream sitting right
next to me thank you very much to Abdul
and also / - as well have a look here my
laptop if you want to find out more
about this at home the Sundance Film
Festival have their very own paid for
this is home the story of refugees
making it in the US and now what film
are we gonna be looking into tomorrow
Mallika tomorrow is about the science
fair and one of course when I was young
that was my favorite thing to look
forward to in school so I'm looking
forward to tomorrow's show as well why
does that not surprise me
alright you will be informed and
fascinated by young people who are
brilliant at science and that's on
stream at Sundance coming up on the next
episode of the stream
hashtag eight a stream we'll see you
online thanks for watching
