there may be some expression of mood
here as Mike Pence is hosted by the
Israelis less than five kilometers from
the other side of this separation wall
but right across the occupied West Bank
the anger is subdued this is the same
district that all too frequently sees
confrontation between protesters and
Israeli forces in a rehabilitation
hospital a short distance away lies a
teenager who was nothing to do with the
protests but just in the wrong place at
the wrong time just over a fortnight ago
all I wanted to do was go to school to
take an exam and I was shot says Hassan
meets her who is paralyzed from the
waist down he says he was about to get
on a school bus and shooting broke out
as Israeli forces on a raid withdrew
they admit resistance some distance away
from where he stood he's depressed and
doesn't want to talk about Mike Pence
and he says protesting against the visit
won't have any effect right now the
biggest activity in major square is
taking down the Christmas decorations
pence had wanted to make this a focal
point of his visit before it was
boycotted by the Palestinians he wanted
to spread a message calling for more
protection and more recognition for
Christians right across the Middle East
most Christian leaders say pence
wouldn't be welcome here this Lutheran
pastor is one of several clergy
investigating the church to which pence
belongs he calls him a Christian Zionist
these are group that read the Bible in a
way that actually you know instead of
focusing on liberation they focus on
occupation they are interested in
Armageddon in wars back at the hospital
Hassan Missa is with one of his
relatives every day of the week this is
what the US wants to partition the
region and terrorize our people what's
happening with pence addressing the
Israeli Knesset is nothing new the ward
here has one window looking out on
I'd land and an illegal Israeli
settlement just behind it out of sight
is Jerusalem for Palestinians it now
seems further away than ever before
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera Bethlehem in
the occupied West Bank
