for Abdul fires and his wife shaquita
it doesn't matter whether the start of
the Myanmar and Bangladeshi government's
repatriation plan has been delayed they
say they would not have agreed to return
to Myanmar anyway if we die here at
least we get a funeral if we were killed
in Myanmar
there is no floral dead just burnt we
must be recognizes or hinder we want our
houses rebuilt and freedom of movement
if they kill us in Myanmar they just
burn the bodies they even throw children
into the fire some as young as my son
Bangladesh says the list is compiled of
the names of more than a million
refugees has not yet been submitted to
the Myanmar government the agreed plan
would then involve Myanmar verifying the
names of each refugee on that list
before giving it back to Bangladesh
authorities who will then ask refugees
if they want to return the Ranger had
their citizenship withdrawn in what was
then Burma 35 years ago the Myanmar
government considers them illegal
immigrants aid agencies say Myanmar
soldiers and armed gangs killed
thousands of men women and children in
recent months a situation described by
the UN as ethnic cleansing the Myanmar
government has denied the claim banned
any independent investigation and says
temporary shelters are ready for the
refugees it allows to return the idea of
asking reinjure refugees many of whom
have seen their family members killed
and their homes destroyed if they want
to voluntarily return to Myanmar now has
been described by aid agencies and
rights groups as a farce the United
Nations says the basic conditions which
made the reinjure so vulnerable to
decades of persecution and violence
inside Myanmar remain the same the
United Nations refugee agency says three
things are vital in any future
repatriation process and the first thing
is they need to see the citizenship
issue legal status resolved in Myanmar
a critical issue the second thing is
they need to be able to go back and
conditions that are safe and secure
number three they need to be able to go
back to a home to a village that's been
reconstructed a place to live the
Bangladesh government says it's vital
any repatriation process is voluntary
and safe but Western governments say the
religious security cannot be guaranteed
and the UN's Special Rapporteur on human
rights banned from entering Myanmar says
those responsible for the killing and
destruction must be called to account
Abdul Fire said his father was hacked to
death by a gang of men as he tried to
flee their village he doubts anyone will
ever be punished for that
Charles trafford al Jazeera cut supalen
refugee camp Bangladesh
