it's time to go back to school to these
Zambians a week later than usual the
start of term was delayed to allow
inspectors time to check every school's
water and sanitation system to try to
bring a cholera outbreak under control
we are very happy to see that the
government has allowed us to opt in
they've controlled the Carrera and the
we are ready now to go into class and
start teaching our children since
September more than 3200 Zambians have
been infected with cholera most live in
or around the capital Lusaka it's a
bacterial disease usually spread through
contaminated water left untreated it can
kill within hours earlier this month the
government deployed the army to lead a
cleanup of public spaces banned public
gatherings and introduced a curfew
it says sufficient progress has now been
made for it to ease some of these
restrictions we are getting back to
normal we want people to begin to trade
again because we understand our trade as
I've had to pass through a rough time of
not trading to three weeks of disruption
is is is big enough to disrupt their
normal livelihood as well
farmers welcomed the reopening of
marketplaces but say the outbreak has
badly damaged their livelihoods it
reached a level where even outlets such
as pee camp a shop right could not have
vegetables because farmers could not
bring in the vegetables farmers could
not bring in the tomatoes farmers could
not bring in the fruits so the impact
was was very bad on the farmers but
again it also impacted on the chain
stores the government says the number of
new cholera cases has dropped
significantly since it introduced the
emergency measures but for some Zambians
it's too little too late they accuse
ministers of mismanaging Lusaka Zwarte
system and causing the outbreak in the
first place Victoria Gaytan B al-jazeera
