civil rights era songs have a special
meaning for the students of Freedom
University most at the children of
illegal immigrants and a band from
attending Georgia's top public colleges
the policy enacted six years ago has
been described as educational
segregation it's a really great room for
people to feel comfortable create a
circle of chairs to to have dialogues
and plan actions but Freedom University
and underground institution offers
undocumented students a chance to
further their education classroom
locations are kept secret following
threats from white supremacy groups but
it's this state's laws that organizers
say are the biggest danger banning young
people is morally wrong we are targeting
people not based on their academic merit
but on a social status completely out of
their control so we are now in a
situation in which we are targeting and
punishing kids and and for me this is
wrong like many of those who attend
Freedom University Violeta was brought
to the US by her parents this is the
only home she's ever known but her
status means pursuing a higher education
is a legal minefield it can be really
intimidating researching all of these
policies and immigration law and
educational policies and trying to
navigate through that can be
discouraging at times but I feel that's
where freedom University comes in and
bridges that gap husband has led to
protests Alabama and South Carolina have
similar laws in place civil rights
activist Rosalynn Pope fought similar
battles as a student in the 60s and says
the atmosphere now feels just as toxic
it's getting to be downright scary and I
think from the top down people feel free
now to express their real feelings
towards the other thousands of
undocumented children continue to attend
Georgia schools but even if they come
top of the class this state's top
colleges aren't an option legal
challenges are now being made but for
now the students at Freedom University
continue
study in the shadows at the Gallacher al
jazeera Atlanta Georgia
