Liberia's president-elect arrives that
one last ceremony before he takes the
oath of office the mood here is
celebratory but many believe it won't be
for long
Estonia takes over from outgoing
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf whose
term expired a week ago but the
challenges she leaves behind a huge
unemployment it's going to be a key
issue to resolve and the conditions are
not pretty if he's all able to find his
feet within the first six months he will
lose attention of the international
development community he will lose
attention of global capital and he will
lose the interest of a largely impatient
voting base the Youth Forum one of
Weir's biggest voting bloc in the last
election and this group is largely
unskilled and impatient for change
he told us opening up the rural areas is
a huge priority for now
Wow
but there are several unresolved issues
that are equally begging for attention
education electricity industrialization
and national reconciliation Ellen
Johnson Sirleaf may have stabilized
post-war Liberia but like most
developing countries it still struggles
with the twin problems of corruption and
underdevelopment 170 years after it was
founded when Jordan ware takes the oath
of office as a 25th president of Liberia
on these grounds he supporters and
donors who fund 60% of Liberia's budget
will be watching closely to see how he
discharges his responsibilities the
first will be who he appoints into his
cabinet because mister will himself have
been branded as inexperienced he needs
to put his best foot forward he needs a
strong Minister of Finance that can send
a message to the local and international
economic players that Liberia is capable
of doing business George where is taking
off his months after international
donors have started scaling down
operations in Liberia which means the
country sees less falling aid but some
Liberian say it's time they take their
destiny in their own hands for now they
celebrate but it's not clear how long
the mood will last or how soon their
impatience was set in a midi dress al
Jazeera Monrovia
