children of the asthma tribe in Papua
barely alive their body's exhausted and
weak from hunger and disease
undernourished they're battling against
outbreaks of measles and chickenpox
military medical teams have arrived in
some remote areas
Maria aibum and her husband Lina's had
to travel for five hours and feared a
six-month-old daughter would not survive
our daughter has been in this bad
condition for quite a while but only now
have people come to our village to help
Ella Kaka air is five years old but her
body is less than half the size of a
healthy child her age villagers say 29
children in her village alone have died
we wrote her boats to a health post in
another village but when we arrived they
rejected us some of our children made it
there alive but some died we buried them
there others died on the way we buried
them next to the river villagers tell us
that local authorities never visited
their village even after a measles
outbreak was reported last September yes
we have very limited mains and staff but
this doesn't mean we are trying very
hard what we need is not just to be
criticized but real help those who
criticize us I want to invite to work
here church officials estimate hundreds
of children of the asthma tribe have
died so far but many death have not been
reported yeah by improper dunia my
question is does anyone really care
about these children who are dying does
anyone want to go there and get real
data about their condition and why do we
only now say this is a problem the ozma
tribe is best known for its past history
of hat hunting and cannibalism and
living of the forest but introduced to
modern life and money they are
struggling to survive without government
aid for months they desperately have
tried to find help but their cries to
save their children's life
deaf ears this health crisis shows that
government assistance is not reaching
for pop ones living in these forgotten
parts of the archipelago while help has
come for these asked my children many
others remained in their remote villages
the only hope is help will arrive in
time step fasten al-jazeera I gots Papua
