separatist leaders gather to remember
the victims of the gore kadhal massacre
in 1990 thousands of Kashmir E's defied
a curfew and took part in a protest
march they shouted independent slogans
and threw stones at Indian soldiers
Indian security forces responded by
shooting at the crowd separatist leaders
say their communities continue to face
injustice we demand the right of
self-determination Azadi from the Indian
occupation the Indian military in in
government has oppressed the Kashmir
ease on every front and all at all
places they have done these massacres
couric Ahmed survived the guca Dal
massacre he was a regional government
employee on duty at the time and saw
people being killed around him the
officer came towards me with his
standing gun in his hand then I got up I
told him for God's sake don't shoot I am
an officer on duty yet without listening
to me he fired at me full breasts all
the is he bullets in the magazine he
threw at me then I had blood all around
my body then I fell down it lawyers say
the coca del massacre is one of many
mass killings for which no one has been
brought to justice I am really
disappointed that the systems the
institutions here have no villain
determination on the contrary they want
to protect the perpetrators do you want
to you know absolve them from the crimes
against humanity they have been
committed here for decades
indian-administered Kashmir has been at
the center of a Muslim separatist
movement against Indian rule separatist
groups are fighting for the
indian-administered portion of Kashmir
to become independent
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
