the border echoes with the sounds of war
turkeys offensive on a 14 is now well
underway the ground operations started
on Sunday Turkish soldiers supporting
Free Syrian Army fighters inside Syria
Turkish president Rajab type air Dhawan
was defiant as he addressed a large
crowd in the city of Bursa this is a
national struggle and then this national
struggle we will crush anyone who stands
against us let this be known it's been a
week of rhetoric politicians promising
that Turkey was going to attack a
freeing to rid it of the YPG Kurdish
fighters that Ankara considers
terrorists but there are also the u.s.
is best ally on the ground in fighting
ISIL regardless of international
complications turkey is fully committed
to this offensive we're on Turkey's
border with our Finland throughout the
day we've heard the sound of jets in the
sky also intense artillery and machine
gun fire outgoing from a Turkish base
behind that mountain now the YPG are
extremely well-trained they know the
terrain in Afrin but Turkey has
superiority when it comes to the skies
and that gives it a huge advantage
villagers here heard the airstrikes late
on Saturday as turkey started its
offensive and they are a little uneasy
here we are right next to the action
with planes flying over our heads and
there's a lot of shelling of course we
are confident in our army but at the end
of the day anything can happen
shells have already fallen in Turkey so
we are worried this could happen here
too
turkey says it will continue its
operation until it's pushed the YPG away
from its borders no one knows how long
that will take or what the implications
may be it's definitely Decker al Jazeera
on the turkey-syria border
