and you found in Syria's war Turkey
launches air and ground attacks on
us-backed Kurdish fighters in northern
Syria but what are the implications of
anchors olive branch operation and where
does it leave relations with Washington
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava
inside sorry began this year asked him
whether 2018 could see the end of the
near seven-year long war in Syria latest
events would suggest the conflict is
instead changing course turkey has
launched airstrikes in the north as a
direct response to the u.s. decision to
back a border security force in the
region the force mostly made up of
Kurdish troops who helped get rid of
ISIL would control this area of Syria
neither Russia nor Syria are happy about
the announcement but turkey feels
particularly threatened it has vowed to
quote/unquote strangle the force before
is even born and it's with that aim that
turkey launched the offensive on
Saturday first targeting the city of
aeverine turkish ground troops crossed
into the district on sunday after a
night of airstrikes and artillery fire
Efrain is a stronghold for the Syrian
Kurdish group the YPG which turkey
considers a terrorist organization
that's because of his alleged ties to
the PKK a Kurdish group fighting for
autonomy in Turkey and Turkey's
president says the next target will be
managed the Syrian city recaptured from
I see in 2016 by a Kurdish lead force
also backed by the US but opposed by
Turkey Stephanie Decker has more from
the turkey-syria border
shortly before sunset on Saturday turkey
launched its air campaign on athlean
Turkish officials had said all we were
that the operation was imminent
president regi up high of air Dawn's
both just a few hours before the Jets
took off we will wipe out this corridor
step-by-step starting for the west
effort operation has de facto started in
the field this will be followed by main
beach since the promises made about
their Beach have not been kept so far
nobody could say anything when we do
what is necessary throughout the morning
along turkey's western border with a
freen the Turkish army had bought in
bulldozers
and concrete blocks appearing to build
up their defenses along the border wall
with Syria tank shelled specific
locations on the mountain and hours
later this mountain would be targeted by
airstrikes the army made us move from
this position a few hours before the
campaign officially began this is just
one of the locations that the Turkish
army is shelling a freen is pretty much
surrounded Turkey to its west and north
and there's also been a buildup inside
Syria by Free Syrian Army fighters to
the east about three now those are the
rebels that Turkey supports Turkey had
reinforced the FSA with thousands more
men over the last few days these buses
drove the fighters across the border
into Syria they will be part of a ground
offensive against the YPG the Kurdish
group turkey considers to be a terrorist
organization it is also however the
group the Americans consider their best
ally in fighting ISIL the international
dimensions are vast Russia announced it
pulled out the few hundred military
personnel it had enough anine shortly
after the campaign started and Russia
controls this airspace meaning turkey
could not be flying their planes without
Russia's consent turkey says it is only
targeting what it calls terrorists but
there are already reports coming out
about fleeing that civilians have been
affected it seems serious seven year war
is entering yet another phase Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera on the turkey-syria
border
let's bring in our panel
joining us from Istanbul Sinan organ
chairman of the center for economic and
foreign policy studies Adam in London
Gunilla is a visiting fellow of the
European Council on Foreign Relations
and in Washington DC which had wide
director the Center for political
military analysis at the Hudson
Institute welcome to you all
mr. Mergen I'd like to ask you this what
is it that which turkey aims to achieve
at this cross-border operation well
there is a first year military objective
and secondly a political objective the
military objective is to eliminate the
influence of the Syrian people
which is seen as the extension of the
PKK a terrorism
from this pocket of Afrin and
politically turkey wants to assert
itself as a regional actor that will
have influence in the medium term over
the negotiations for a political
settlement in Syria okay mr. yield is
mr. Erdogan has been talking about a
military objective and a political one
let's stay a little bit with the
military aspect of this story which is
basically taking on the YPD PYD in
athlean and members are we talking about
an isolated military operation that
would that would end there when the PYD
is evicted from both areas or this is
something that could further be extended
to the northern is part of Syria well if
you listen to the Turkish officials the
the aim of this operation is declared as
eliminating the power of the YPG across
northern Syria so they define it in a
more broader way but militarily it's an
extremely risky move we can compare this
against Turkish militaries displayed
performance in Al Bob for example two
years ago when they were carrying out an
operation against the demoralized Isis
in a town which is way too similar is
smaller than much smaller than Afrin in
al Bob and it took the operation took
three months and Isis inflicted heavy
casualties on Turkish soldiers that at
that time and also we can compare you
know Turkish military a capacity in the
urban warfare urban clashes inside
Turkey against pro PKK fighters at that
time and if you compare this to with
Afrin which is a much less accessible
territory compared to al Bob and a much
larger area and Turkey will be facing
against them motivated disciplined force
which is well armed and this area is
actually predominantly Kurdish area so
it will the all these things will make
the operation militarily very risky
inside Syria but also this can inflame
the fighting inside Turkey between the
PKK and Turkey and we showed in the past
that it can take a lot of risks to
prevent turkey from attacking Syria mr.
white over the last six years of the
conflict in Syria the YPG which is the
military branch of the PYD has been
extending its influence from the
northeastern part of Syria from kobani
Ezra all the way to r3 and the their aim
is to sort of link up all those three
Canton's which Ankara considers to be a
Canton of terrorism so now we're talking
about an isolated military operation or
do you think that Ankara is now
determined this is going to be a very
long military operation until the
influence of the YPG or the the PYD
is undermined that's a great question
and we actually just don't know the
answer I mean the we've had a series of
Turkish military operations against
Kurdish forces in Iraq and now Syria the
operate operation your ADEs shield which
was the precursor of the current
operation lasted some time but then the
Turks withdrew I mean the challenge and
I like the way the first guests framed
this as the most political and military
dimension the military objective will of
course strongly influence how long
turkey stays there so if Turkey can
quickly defeat and drive off a lot of
the Syrian
the Syrian Kurdish forces and then the
Syrian government moves in and then they
can withdraw but the political issue is
complicated in that Russia and the US
are not happy but will not I think will
limit the pressure they'll do to try and
reverse this but the Syrian government
Italy would be very uncomfortable doing
allowing a Turkish control Turkish
enclaves in their northern border for
any length of time so this may be
resolved quickly at the upcoming peace
talks in Sochi or through a Senate or
Geneva or this if the Turkish government
is willing to kinda to confront the
Syrian government very strongly and
perhaps hurt its relations with the
United States and Russia then they may
decide it's worth staying in and the
Turkish government is shown in
determination - there's more the
pressure of other governments when it
when if it wants mr. egan I mean for the
Turkish government to be able to advance
its political agenda when it comes to
this military operation it needs to win
the war as soon as possible but you know
that if they want to go to members they
will have to move deeper about a hundred
kilometers into Syria when you go into
an O style environment you're talking
about massive risks for the Turkish
military q but I think we're getting
ahead of ourselves
right now the target is the option
region not the main beach region and
even to carry out a military operation
successfully across the afteron region
will require a degree of considerable
risk and military commitment so right
now the challenge for Turkey is to
accelerate the success of this operation
turkey does not want to be pulled in a
quagmire a bit like Israel was for
instance when it did fight the Hezbollah
so the object the military objective of
a Turkish authorities is to carry this
out as soon as possible and this is what
we see with the size of the operation
we're talking about an operation
more than 70 Turkish fighter planes are
involved in a territory that is very
limited and I think the planning is that
Turkish heavy artillery will be backing
the Free Syrian Army as the main impetus
but eventually Turkish land forces may
also be involved so I think right now
the the target is the African region and
Turkey will be all the more successful
if international actors like the US and
Russia actually convinced the YPG to
pull back from this region and that's
going to be quite important in
determining how long the operation will
last mr. Yale days the YPG is backed by
the United States of America in fact the
US has on personnel operating train
training the YPG in that particular area
the Turks are very much aware about the
situation they've been very critical of
the presence of the American troops on
the border with Turkey was shift of the
narrative now in Ankara from criticism
into a military action I think we need
to look at the developments in Italy
actually to really understand why it
happened now because this attack has
nothing offensive is nothing it's not a
surprise when I was in northern Syria
like - two months ago this was the talk
of the day with fighters and commanders
and other people they were all expecting
such an offensive but what happened in
Italy I mean the Turkish offensive in
northern Italy - against the radical
elements there actually didn't end up
the way the Syrian regime or Russian
forces wanted to see it so that the
Syrian regime now is in
moving into northern northern Italy and
pushing the rebels and other groups in
that area so Turkey saw that the window
of opportunity for Turkey to trade
something in Italy began suffering or to
do some more activities inside Syria is
actually closing done so that's one
factor explains why after two years of
threatening for an offensive why to
Turkey acted in this but I think we need
to bring in the also the domestic
political elements in in in Turkey in
order to explain why this diplomatically
very challenging militarily very risky
and politically very problematic
operation why it's happening now because
president I don't say our party is
alliance with right-wing political
groups in in in Turkey the far-right
political parties and secularists
nationalists required this kind of
offensive against Kurds and also it will
help probably put a politically
president ad on to galvanize and
mobilize the masses behind him for the
2019 election mr. white the American is
now a fake-face a challenge here on one
hand they consider the YPG to be the the
most legitimate ally in in the fight
against ISIL in Syria but at the same
time they cannot afford to further upset
another regional ally in the region
which is Turkey what what are the
options now for the Americans yes this
has been a long-standing problem with
the US operations in both Iraq and more
recently Syria I wouldn't say that they
consider the YPG the most legitimate I
think they consider them to be the most
effective of the forces allied with the
United States I mean they as you know
because we've covered this in orderly
programs the u.s. tried for years to
create its own a separate military force
there's a lot of training but that
proved very ineffective so what we have
now or the YPG and the reason why the
u.s. is backing the YPG now is two one
for military reasons to make sure
there's a force fighting the groups that
the u.s. most concerned about Isis and
al-qaeda there's bit always a bit of
concern that the Russians hearing
government power
is not that and to again we're going to
this military slash political framework
that was laid out in the opening
question I think that the political
objectives of the United States are to
make sure have some say in the peace
process as long as there's a us back
force in Syria then the Russian Syrian
Iranian representative is involved in
any kind of post-conflict scenario in
Syria have to take the u.s. into account
the problem is that as as we know the
Turkish government is hypersensitive
about the Kurds in Iraq and Syria and
and possibly Iran all that something is
very high-profile in recent years
because of its own Kurdish minority and
the implications it turns that it's a if
skirts gained autonomy and in one of
these countries then that's gonna
threaten Turkish autonomy when now I
think it one question getting back to
the question Bolton I now for the first
when Trump was elected there was a lot
of speculation that his national
security adviser and Michael Flynn and
other members administration would try
and reach out to air21 sacrifice the
Kurds turn over the the people who that
the government wants to send you back
for trial that they claim were evolved
in the coup and so on but that quickly
faded and then there was a recent Miss
announcement misstatement it's been
clear what what happened that there was
a somehow gotten the news that the US
was going to set up a 30,000 a man
exactly yep of course and and that
seemed to provoke right and that appears
to provoked a lot of alarm in Ankara
even though the u.s. denied it and I
think that's where we are now now going
forward it's just gonna it's gonna be a
challenge I mean the u.s. yes isn't the
similar simmering discontent over us in
role in that region has been going on
quite some time I've been hearing over
the last few months many statements
coming from Ankara basically lashing out
at the nurses of America mister mister
hooligan what are the options now for
Turkey do you think that they still a
room for settlement with the United
States of America about how to move
forward or do you think that the Turkish
military and political establishment
have made up their mind they're going to
continue the push whatever it takes
well I mean Turkey will try to get both
at the same time in the sense that now
there is the bullet the decision has
been made in the Turkish government to
start this military campaign so Turkey
will surely continue this military
campaign until it is successfully
concluded but at the same time the u.s.
is Turkey's partner in NATO
the US has influence in Syria so there
is a need to establish the grounds for
having a more productive dialogue with
the u.s. in particular for Turkey to
also solve its security challenges
emanating from the instability in Syria
but also in Iraq so I think Turkey will
want to have those two at the same time
and they're not necessarily mutually
exclusive mm-hm
Missi yield is there's another key
player in Syria Russia it has recently
pulled out his troop from r3 the only
statement that emerged of the back of
this major operation is a short one
asking
Turkey to show restraint is this Russian
way of saying you know what we have
absolutely no no problem with you
continuing your operation against the
Kurds well if you look at the Syrian map
today the the almost 1/3 of the
territory is being controlled by Kurdish
led forces SDF and the rest is mostly
controlled by the Syrian regime which is
the main ally of Russia on the ground
and Russia would want to I mean it makes
sense for Russia to involve a turkey
into this in this equation to put extra
pressure on the Kurds to make them maybe
accept more concessions against the
regime's such as maybe handing over some
oil fields in their rhetoric to the
regime or some Kurdish officials inside
Syria actually made said that Russia
actually offered them or suggested that
they should
Eve offering to the regime the handover
offering to the regime so that they can
prevent a Turkish offensive in the
region which was which wasn't allowed by
which wasn't accepted by the YPG and in
another interesting thing is like the
focus of the battle inside Syria has
shifted very recently from from Isis to
a power play between Russia and the US
and also an endgame in Syria now we have
two main forces on the ground that would
probably either fight or negotiate a
settlement in Syria and Russia wants to
play I suppose enforce his own Ally yes
mr. Weiss we're talking about three
players with different agendas in Syria
Turkey which supports the opposition and
is keen about ensuring security on the
border Russia was supposed President
Bashar al-assad the United States of
America which Ben which has been the
main backer of the occurs is there any
concern that if the conflict continues
the potential for any confrontation
between the three key players is very
high
no I consider the actual risk of a
direct conflict between the parties
minimal there may be another incident
like the Turkish shooting down of a
Russian airplane although more likely
the reverse of Russia and Syria and a
Turkish plane but I think that would be
managed the problem we have in serious
is not just those three players I could
think you know we could easily think of
a dozen players that are all involved
the Syrian Russian alliance is close but
Assad has his own agenda
the Iranian equation is very much of
concern to the United States it's less
concern for Turkey and Russia he sees
Iran at least in series and Ally but
there are differences is of course
Israel's question of the rocky
government's desire to see or the border
and so on so there you're just about it
and and then there's a local combatants
the opposition forces which are all
divided and it's easy for them to want
to manipulate one of the the big three
powers we talked about I mean there some
would like to have the Turks as a
involved alienate further in Washington
Ankara divide the opposition on the
other hand
various groups that have different
agendas so this is a real mess the whole
Syrian problem that's why the fighting
continues mr. Erdogan France has asked
for an emergency meeting of the United
Nations Security Council asking the
Turks to stop the military operation if
the internationalist sentiments goes
against this military operation will
uncolored reconsider this move no I
think that Turkey is now ready to face
whatever consequences international
there may be until it decides on its own
to end this operation but we should also
know that the start of the operation was
conditional on some sort of agreement
reached between Ankara and Russia given
that this is a region under Russian
influence so if this is going to be
tabled at the UN Security Council at
least for the coming days I would expect
Moscow to back on Korea's agenda in some
way or another
nothing's can change over time but as
things stand I think the discussions at
the UN Security Council it will not like
the to turn against tanker mr. yielded
this brings me this question which
should be now the top priority for the
international community this conflict in
the northern part of Syria or solving
the Syrian conflict or its own I think
you know the the focus of the conflict
now is slightly moving into into this
region because if as I said SDF YPG is
the second largest put your power on the
ground if they are weakened and if they
you know are involved in battles against
the Turkish state and pro Turkish rebels
in the region then we might see other
groups like the previously lost their
power power in Raqqa and other places
can pop up pop up back up because of you
know YPG's attention being focused on
Turkey so it can further destabilize the
region I think the main focus of the
international community should be to
mediate between the SDF turkey Russia
and
and and the US I think Europe which has
become more like a less relevant actor
in the fight
despite being bearing the brunt of the
fighting in Syria with refugees and
attacks in Europe could play a
significant role here by mediating
between these forces because of actually
their economic power a political you
know leverage on Russia Turkey and
others and Turkey and the Kurds are two
potential allies of Europe in Syrian
conflict
genuine sin and algún gonna yield is
Richard Weiss thank you very much indeed
for your contribution to the program and
thank you too for watching you can see
that program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside sorry you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AG inside story from me hash mahabharata
hot in here
bye for now
