during a brief service in Vietnam
capital Hanoi those closest to the late
president in his private and
professional lives said goodbye
family members of trendy Quang communist
party leaders and government officials
filled the national funeral Hall
it was also a special moment for those
on the outside who still played a big
part in the service to serve the state
funeral of the president is a big honor
for me and the staff and all vietnamese
feel humbled to witness the funeral Tran
Dyke Wong was just 61 when he died the
government said he was the victim of a
rare virus he rose to the top of
Vietnamese politics through a career in
the Ministry of Public Security he
appeared to bring that background to the
presidency as he oversaw a crackdown on
dissent it is quite understandable
because and not only was he in that
position the Minister of Public Security
but he had grown up in in in this
ministry he also supported closer ties
with the United States hosting two US
presidents during his brief tenure
moving closer to Washington was perhaps
a deliberate move in response to Viet
Nam's tension with China over
territorial disputes in the South China
Sea the death of Tran Dyke Wang means
that Vietnam now has its first female
head of state with vice president dine
teen nokton moving up to the Acting
President the National Assembly is due
to begin its next session on the 22nd of
October and that's when a new president
may be elected the late president
quang's last journey was in a long
motorcade out of Hanoi and to the south
he was born and raised in a small rural
community in Ninh Binh Province which is
also his final resting place
Wayne hey al Jazeera Hanoi
