for some the humble bicycle has become a
menace across Beijing clusters of
discarded rental bikes cover sidewalks
bike sharing began two years ago the
selling point was that it was cheap and
you could leave them wherever you wanted
but that's the problem say many who live
here you should see both sides yes it's
really convenient and ecological but
it's a disaster with this huge amount
it's definitely a waste because they
occupy public spaces during peak times
bikes pile up at bus stops according to
the government China has more than 23
million shared bicycles recent
photographs on social media show
numerous dumping grounds for abandoned
bikes the operators insists there are
clear rules about where to park them and
it's not their fault it's not happening
you can hire a bike like this for just
seven cents for half an hour there are
also other obvious benefits it's good
exercise and better for the environment
than driving but there's also one
obvious problem
excessive oversupply now the inevitable
's occurred several operators have gone
bust with one owing investors almost
sixty million dollars the city of
Tianjin has a long history of bicycle
production despite the over capacity
these are destined for the rental sector
China's free market policies made this
private factory possible now the owner
hopes the communist government can come
to the rescue we believe the government
should do more to help the amount of
shared bikes should be on the basis of a
city scale just 40 years ago you knew
you'd made it when you had a bike along
with a watch radio and sewing machine it
was a family's most valuable possession
a symbol of pride now for some it stands
as a symbol of national waste Adrian
Brown al-jazeera Beijing
