is the world a safer place one year
after President Trump took office the
answer is almost certainly no but is
that the Trump administration's fault
the situation on the Korean Peninsula is
more dangerous because of North Korea's
nuclear test and missile launches but
many believe president Trump's responses
including at this podium in September
made things much worse the United States
has great strength and patience but if
it is forced to defend itself or its
allies we will have no choice but to
totally destroy North Korea if you look
elsewhere around the world it's not a
positive picture the one success for the
administration was dislodging ISIL from
the territory it held in Syria and Iraq
but that was achieved by continuing
policies put in place by President Obama
and where was the wider policy to deal
with the civil war in Syria president
trump intervened in April with a
military strike on a sad airbase in
response to a chemical weapons attack
but that was a one-off and there's been
no punishment for consistent attacks on
civilians in the country the president
talked up peace between the Israelis and
Palestinians saying he hoped to reach
the deal of the century but his actions
recognizing Jerusalem's Israel's capital
have made that aim impossible for now as
well as visiting Jerusalem president
Trump went to Saudi Arabia a visit that
Saudi authorities may have felt gave
them the green light to blockade their
Gulf neighbor Qatar to intensify their
campaign in Yemen and to launch an
internal crackdown with many princes put
under arrest
experts say it's part of a wider pattern
countries no longer fear US condemnation
on human rights in the way they used to
Trump is not a leader on human rights he
has talked about pulling out of the UN
Human Rights Council and although he
talks a lot about abuses in Venezuela
and Syria and sometimes empathizes with
suffering children in the Middle East
there's no substance that the United
Nations itself has felt the effects of a
trump presidency the u.s. pulled out of
the cultural and they
educational agency UNESCO it pulled
funding from the UN Population Fund
which promotes family planning the
administration forced the overall UN
peacekeeping budget to be cut and in the
last few days it withheld funding for
Unruh the UN agency that helps
Palestinians
