are you ready it was always going to be
an ambitious promise and on the first
anniversary of Donald Trump's presidency
so far this is all there is
prototypes on the mexico-us border but
while his signature pledge has been held
up the president's other migration
promises are bearing fruit like a ban on
travelers from several Muslim majority
countries in the revoking of temporary
emergency visas for hundreds of
thousands of Haitians Nicaraguans and
Salvadorans that had been continually
renewed under previous administrations
for his supporters it's all about
protecting US jobs
and security I love him I think he's
doing the right thing so we have
Americans on welfare because we have
illegal asphere taken their jobs we have
lower wages because we have illegals
that work in their jobs the US has been
increasing border security in
deputations for years but Trump's
opponents say his rhetoric and policies
go much too far it's been cast as a
fight for America's soul caught in the
middle are those like Ana from El
Salvador she has her job and family
stateside but but when the temporary
visa program ends in September 2019 she
faces deportation to one of the world's
most violent countries if I go back I'm
frightened for my life because they'll
think I have money and kidnap my
children all my grandchildren
that's why I ask that God and the
authorities take into account our
situation the threat of eviction also
hangs over the dreamers 700,000 young
people brought stateside illegally as
children President Trump says they have
his sympathy but is pushing for any deal
for their future to include funding for
more security especially his signature
project politically president Trump
feels he needs the wall to satisfy his
base but with a third of the border
already covered by a fence the actual
usefulness of a structure that's going
to cost at least 21 billion dollars has
been
questioned where it is sort of a waste
of money in a waste of everyone's time
is to build a wall or a fence in the
middle of the desert where you know all
the wall really ultimately does to a
determined border crosser is slow them
down for a few minutes but the wall as
with the rest of the migration issue has
become too important for either side to
give way and the fight has already
spilled into the president's second year
John Holman al Jazeera Tijuana
