the conversation in the refugee camps is
dominated by one topic these days the
plan by the Myanmar and Bangladeshi
governments offering the reinjure or
voluntary repatriation back to Myanmar
Syed Allen fled Myanmar with his family
four months ago we have been tortured
killed in our houses burned we want
Myanmar citizenship and ID cards saying
we are Roja
I don't want to go to another camp in
Myanmar if Bangladesh and the rest of
the world can protect our rights then we
will go back but not yet Mohammed Rafiq
says he's afraid for many of his family
who he's lost contact with we want
citizenship I'm thankful to Bangladesh
for their help and I want to go home but
if we go back now they'll torture and
kill us again when you speak to the camp
chiefs and some of the students here
that you begin to understand how nervous
they are starting to get with respect to
this so-called voluntary repatriation
deal it doesn't matter who you speak to
in these camps everybody seems
incredibly grateful to the Bangladesh
government and international aid
agencies with respect to the help that
they have received here but they are
starting to feel as if they are being
pressured into returning to Myanmar too
soon it costs the Bangladeshi government
billions of dollars a year to shelter
more than a million reinjure refugees
living in camps close to the border the
new plan is based on a similar one in
the 1990s to repatriate reinjure who had
fled a previous crackdown by the Myanmar
military many returned then but last
year's violence forced them to flee into
Bangladesh once again aid organizations
say the Myanmar army has killed
thousands of Ranger men women and
children in recent months
they say soldiers gang-raped women
trying to flee hundreds of Ranger
villages have been destroyed the
government denies these claims but has
refused any independent investigation in
December it banned the UN's Special
Rapporteur on human rights in Myanmar
from entering the country
when we talk to refugees here in the
camps of Bangladesh there are three
things that they tell us that they need
to see happen before they would consider
going back home the first thing is the
issue of citizenship of legal status
needs to be resolved in Myanmar the
second is they need to be sure that they
can go back to a safe and secure
environment and the third is they need
to be able to go back to a home to a
village there are already thousands of
internally displaced stranger living in
camps inside Myanmar the repatriation
plan involves the returnees being housed
in more camps until they're destroyed
homes are rebuilt but there's little or
no mention of citizenship security or
justice for hundreds of thousands of ray
hinge alike these men who say their
lives have been destroyed chants
trafford al Jazeera
coup to prolong refugee camp Bangladesh
