cradled in the arms of distraught
mothers photographs of missing Iraqi men
and boys their families say they
vanished from Nineveh province as
pro-government forces hunted down ISIL
fighters and their supporters the
security forces have taken two of my
sons for interrogation after liberating
us from ISIL we keep calling on the
government for help but it seems there
is no hope in 2014 ISIL swept across the
western provinces of Nineveh and Anbar
some Sunnis opposed to the country's
Shia dominated government a set of been
fighting alongside ISIL or simply giving
its support Iraqi troops fought back
aided by armed groups many of them Shia
who backed the government ISIL fighters
were either killed or detained some
accused of supporting ISIL have vanished
their families are demanding answers we
keep asking if my son's were forced to
sign and confess to something they did
not do if they are dead we want to bury
them if they're alive we need to see
them Human Rights Watch says it knows of
at least 78 cases where men and boys
have been what it calls forcibly
disappeared international law defines
enforced detention as the arrest of a
person by the state or with the
knowledge of the state followed by a
refusal to acknowledge the arrest or a
refusal to say where the person is but
it also says the state has a
responsibility to investigate
allegations of enforced attention and to
prosecute those responsible
some of those detained have been
released others like here in Anbar
province have come home in coffins oh my
god I can't speak anymore the security
forces told us my sons would be released
in days now it has been three years I
call on the speaker the Prime Minister
the government to find where my sons are
the government in Anbar says it's set up
a committee to investigate but that it's
proving hard to find all the missing men
so far we have not been able to locate
there the central government is still
investigating these cases we have the
local government one this solve these
women say it's bad enough to have lost
someone it's even worse not knowing if
they're alive or dead Rob Matheson al
Jazeera Baghdad
