House Democratic Minority Leader Nancy
Pelosi was among the thousands of people
protesting near the White House her
presence at the moment no longer needed
on Capitol Hill when negotiations
between Senate Democrats and Republicans
on the new wording of a stopgap funding
bill fell apart Democrats were quick to
blame the president and right-wing
forces within his administration
negotiating with this White House is
like negotiating with jello it's next to
impossible as soon as you take one step
forward the hard right forces the
president three steps back but
Republicans in turn accused the
Democrats and Schumer in particular of
negotiating in bad faith like that so
mr. Schumer is gonna have to up his game
a little bit and be a little bit more
honest with the president right states
if we're gonna see progress on that
front
the President himself posted multiple
tweets one reading Democrats holding our
military hostage over their desire to
have unchecked illegal immigration this
is the one year anniversary of my
presidency and Democrats wanted to give
me a nice present president Trump
himself will he's canceled a visit to
his Florida clubhouse where he was going
to celebrate the anniversary of his
inauguration along with those willing to
pay up to a hundred thousand dollars a
plate more significantly perhaps it
appears he's also canceling his trip to
the World Economic Forum in Davos where
global leaders gather each year
a year ago on this night the newly
inaugurated president was dancing at his
inaugural party but the insistence on
doing things his way have left Americans
contemplating an indefinite freeze of
many government services Mike Hanna al
Jazeera Washington
