hi I'm for me okay and you industry
coming to you live from the Sundance
Film Festival in the estate of today I'm
joined by the director of the film and
no tease art good student and a former
president of confirmation of Jerry Buss
a notate on the film discusses the fight
to stop the effects of climate change on
the imagination of Kira bus and the
mission what that looks like so that's
the string coming to you live when Al
Jazeera and on YouTube and be sure to
jump in and ask your questions in the
comment section Gerber's is in the
center of the world it's right there
bang in the middle of the Pacific Ocean
so far away so isolated we thought it
would be immune from the tribulations of
this world
the issue of climate change remains the
most pressing challenge for us Incubus
rising sea levels have already taken a
village on one of your islands do you
see the possibility of all the people
from cure bus one day having to leave
for those of us on the front line it
really does not matter what he's agreed
to inherit because we will continue to
go underwater what you just saw was a
tip from a note a Sark a new documentary
exploring the real-world effects of
climate change specifically on the small
nation of Kira bass check out this video
produced in December 2014 by our
colleagues at aj+ it explains how rising
sea levels have affected the livelihoods
of the islands a hundred thousand
residents at an island nation halfway
between Australia and Hawaii roughly the
size of the United States but only two
percent of it is land and that land is
just three metres above sea level
some of Carabas islands are already
underwater and half of its population
has fled to the tiny capital of South
Tarawa which now has one of the highest
population densities in the world the
government has begun a program to Train
citizens and skills like nursing or
mechanics that would make them
attractive migrants to other countries
and it's even bought a large chunk of
land in neighboring Fiji which says it's
willing to host Kira basses population
so will the rest of the world start
paying attention before the people of
Kiribati become the first wave of
refugees fleeing from the rising sea
also joining us in the studio Alice
Thomas she is the climate displacement
program manager at the Washington
dc-based
advocacy group refugees international
Malika
thanks Emmy and I'm with you of course
we are at the Kickstarter Lodge right
now little cold but we're braving it for
this important topic and it kickstart
large lounge because this was partially
Kickstarter funded I know the world
premiere was on Friday our audience what
it was that inspired you to make this
film the first place when the first day
I came to pity bus in 2014 and I was
amazed but what's what's happened there
I mean they're losing the entire land
and I start questioning myself about the
relationship between people and then and
what's good
so they're talking about characters that
touch our heart but me of course you
know this well president Tong you are a
former guest of the stream you were lost
on the show and 2015 you touchstart our
audiences heart as well I know that but
why was it important for you to be a
part of this film well let me ease quite
frankly I wouldn't Matthew came to
Sydney told me that he wanted to make a
film I said just go ahead be on that out
I really was not aware that the shots
were being taken a lot of the shots in
the film I know nothing and so my entire
focus was doing the job that I was doing
and seeing it on film for the first time
really is new to me so it's not
something that I'm acting out it's I'm
actually doing working that sometimes
Matthew would be in my face when I'm
talking I push them out I'm just a
subject but I really was not acting in
any part that they need me I want to
show you this picture here it's a
production photograph the Matthews team
took and there's so much blue in killer
bass it's really hard to tell where the
sea ends and where the sky begins but
this is I'm not even exaggerating here
an uppercut apocalyptic story Matthew
how did you convey that this is
potentially the end of the world for the
people who live in Keira bass they can
see it coming how did you do that
so you know I really focus on the
photography I think the islands
themselves one character I mean I
really try to bring the island and the
winds to changes in climate that's
happening there
bye-bye going for the most stunning
photography I can just really to portray
that and and and building a very strong
Sun scape or so to just having a vegan
sense of what's what's happening there
but truly it's an amazing experience to
to reach cubase because you have those
atolls it's basically seen line you know
just separating the world into in the
middle of the Pacific it's just it's
just it's just a very very special place
and you're gonna is it gonna lose that
place so for me it was a very good
challenge to basically show the place it
can you lose and issue we have also
included but maybe we don't have other
kind of shows movies like it's very
subtle like the water is rising but
slowly slowly slowly so I don't I didn't
want to make and I couldn't make like
those dramatic kind of transitions movie
where you see like storm and droughts
and everything seems like very very
dramatic so it's it's movie but it's
coming it's coming very slowly I wanted
to bring up a couple tweets coming
before we get too much further into the
conversation because I think these are
really apt for right now we got one from
Paul I want to share this with our
audience here Paul says where is Puri
bus and he mentions I might seem
ignorant but he's not the only one who
asked that question so with that in mind
we got this tweet from back this is what
Beck said more awareness should be
raised in my opinion most people don't
know that Carabosse even exists let
alone that it's slowly being swallowed
by global warming so two questions there
former president Tong are those
questions that you are used to plainness
and how do you answer them how do you
deal with that well it's not a new
question and I keep coming through every
time I come through the immigration and
different countries they take my
passport turn it over and over where is
this place so it's not new the film was
certainly I said that question a little
but in terms of the challenge that we
are facing the initial focus on the
climate change sadness was on the polar
bears no nobody knew or cared about
people and a part of the world being of
and so I had to make that statement
Nations General Assembly so we so yes
indeed I think part of the the
campaigning and advocacy that I've been
doing it for more than ten years 31 to
14 years now has been trying to turn the
world what is this happening and I'm
glad to say that just some extent I
think I have contributed to getting that
message across and that but we're still
not getting the kind of action that's
needed in order to address the challenge
so we still that that question remains
our quest
yeah I think it's so valuable to really
focus in on you know what's happening in
specific places like Carabosse and to
bring in the cultural aspect of you know
it's not just the loss of you know a
land mass or an island it's it's a
people's it's a culture because that
personalized a personalized it in a way
that sometimes it's really difficult to
do because people will see numbers
they'll see you know millions of people
living on the coast of Bangladesh will
be affected and they only see the
numbers and they don't see you know who
the people are who the individuals are
so films like this to have bring a
really important message to the public
who you know their eyes glaze over when
they read the paper and they look at you
know four million people displaced by
you know this event or that event so so
it's really valuable on what you're
gonna do with the film and take it
around and show the culture and the
unique culture what we're losing that's
been around for thousands of years I
mean that's the other part to that it's
just so tragic you can't just pick
people up and move them somewhere else I
mean you know as the president knows and
can tell us I mean people are their land
and that story is just so important to
bring to the broader public I'm just
wondering what options there are Alice
and mr. president and what are the
options that comes up in the film is
international community we cannot do
this by ourselves you went to UN in
Geneva and this is what you told them
have a look
so the next step is is the global
community willing to come forward it's
discounts are willing to to make a
contribution towards that getting some
real action on the ground so that we can
give some sense of comfort some sense of
security to our people who do we appeal
to and turn to for our people's right to
survive and the challenge of climate
change and so let me post that question
again because I don't believe there is
any Authority who can answer that
question for us to be and we need that
authority what is the future for us mr.
president do you have an answer to that
question yet who do you appeal to no
it's being a question that's being
tossed around I mean we we've had the
Paris agreement but I think we've all
accepted responsibility but nobody has
accepted liability and responsibility
for doing what needs to be done next and
I think this is what remains the
question until we can address that
forest the Paris agreement will not mean
a great deal because regardless of what
levels of emission we cut even to zero
our future is still very much in
jeopardy so that way my question remains
one two three assets there and I mean
you know when we talk about help from
the international community and and what
others can do of course one of the other
topics that came up really themes that
came up in this tome was migrating with
dignity and what to you 75 people as of
the film received a visa to go to New
Zealand and you chronicled the life and
times of one of those people a woman
tell us about how you found her story
and what struck you about her story so I
heard about that program back in Cuba's
and so using an embassy to help me to
find basically the names of the people
so I found this incredible character
summary but you know that I've been
picked by that program so we had the
incredible chance to really portray of a
period of four years her life in Cuba in
a new life in music and the new life is
music is absolutely different I mean
what they have as a life at home is
basically they don't they don't
to care about money they don't have to
care about when they don't have to care
about even you know like the earth
system is free and so it's all suddenly
confronting themselves to totally a new
and new world and I really think that's
when you come across the movie and I'm
so glad we can really capture that woman
in doing during that time because it's
really give a real example of what is
these two to migrate and and bring and
make the countries and some message much
stronger because everyone can rely
specific story Alice resonated with you
when mister president said migrating
with dignity that's exactly right
I mean this is part of a broader debate
we're having right now globally about
migration and about refugees and it's
incredibly important again to have a
film like this that describes what
that's like
because there is a unfortunately a
anti-immigration anti-refugee rhetoric
and again we forget these are
individuals these are humans these are
these are people and what is the
experience and how do they need to be
protected and assisted it's you know as
you may know the people who are forcibly
displaced because of climate change do
not fall within protection of the
refugee framework so if they arrive on
another you know leave their country and
arrive in another country they can't
seek asylum they have no right under the
Refugee Convention so the New Zealand
courts have addressed this issue they've
been somewhat sympathetic to it and now
we have New Zealand coming forward with
this this arrangement to do this which
is incredibly important and you know my
question back to you mr. president is
whether you think this new initiative by
New Zealand
is going to be a way forward I mean by
seeing countries finally stepping up and
doing something do you think this will
perhaps encourage other countries to
follow suit well I think it's it's
really the kind of response that I do
challenging the international right it
is it to come up you know I'm not
allowed to talk to lose it a country say
can you accept a view but of the
missions that I've been sending out as
being to the entire international
community and the only response up to
now has been from
from Fiji when after buying land in Fiji
I think maybe the Fijian said no choice
but to begin to think that they have to
accept it but the message coming forward
from Fiji was very very loud and clear
and the message is different when he
listened to follow the people of
Ferguson to follow have nowhere else to
go as a result as a consequence of the
impacts and the change then Fiji is
willing to accept what New Zealand is
coming or do you think this is the kind
of inevitable response that is has to
come for me given the situation we are
finding ourselves the biggest mistake we
made and I think it's already been used
to deny what is in it not even enough so
the policy that I've been advocating by
person with dignity is actually being
proactive rather than waiting for things
to happen and then then now people will
become indeed become climate refugees
yes cuz they're not prepared they're not
ready so it's about using a little bit
of common sense to see what's going on
and you try to avoid repeating me I know
there is a lot of denial that we don't
want to migrate but I think that is the
choice for the individual to make but as
a government as leaders we have the
responsibility to empower them to be
able to do it to be able to make that
choice if they choose to say behind that
is that you but if they are they have to
stay behind because they don't have that
capacity because language resources then
we should accept responsible and Alice
I'm so glad that you brought that up
because you're actually thinking along
the same wavelength of our community I
want to bring up a tweet we got a little
bit earlier from HG Flores and of course
this is directed to you former president
Tong and they want to know does the
former president believe the care bus
people should seek refuge together or
will the citizens be free to seek refuge
in different countries what effect will
that have on the future of Carabosse
culture or if you if I wasn't
responsible if I wasn't she can give me
a whole island to myself I'll be very
happy but of course it's wonderful to
keep our people together so that at
least we maintain that the question
that's being raised with raised we can
retain our culture our tradition our
identity but of course that's not
practical and as far as possible we
wonderful to keep up
we let the experience of our people
going to different countries and it's
not entirely new floors and so we had
some experience and it's a if it can be
done if there is a program to ensure
that we have a come to you about our own
thank you you are rising to the
challenge mr. president Alice mentioned
earlier that when you move it's not just
you relocating there's a deep deep
connection to the land especially in
Keira bass it's a moment that Matthew
caught where you were you're fishing but
you tell us so much more than you just
fishing have a look
Islands will be gone and so we can not
build resilience we cannot build the
islands or find somewhere else to live
we have to go somewhere else whether
this is a good thing or not but the
reality will be if we live guiltless
then our ability to retain our culture
as big distinct our addition has been
distinct well no longer be very easy I
want to share with you an idea mr.
president from one of our online
community they're eager to help you
solve this issue
so black physicist says levees and pumps
like New Orleans maybe they could be a
solution for helping you out making sure
that the water doesn't come across it's
so high that you have to move but in
general the sea is not to be trifled
with
is there a technological solution
perhaps to this rising ocean well that's
precisely the question that I've been
asking around if you have been talking
to engineers Without Borders have been
talking to the United Arab Emirates of
build those islands and including the
engineers who build the islands
themselves they're Dutch engineers I've
spoken to the Koreans I've spoken to the
New Zealanders I will speak to anybody
who thinks he has an idea how we may be
able to continue to live on our islands
I you wonderful to be able to do that
and if anybody does have an answer but
of course we are talking about the
technology and now there's no question
in my mind that it can't be done after
all we've got Richard Branson talking
about building a hotel in space surely
we can build Islands the question that
is going to be at the challenge is who
would be willing to come forward with
them so so and and of course the money
which is why it meant to there was a
portion in your film where you are
you're taking footage of them discussing
plans of a floating island and then the
cost comes up and someone says you know
that's that's what it will take to build
it but who is going to put that cost how
did you even get into that room and what
was that like hearing that answer I
so maker yeah absolutely this is a
solution that was proposed by symmetry
corporation in Japan and they're one of
the most powerful and bigger engineering
company in the planet so it's doable we
can do this we can build those island
and the question is first of course the
product price is extremely high you're
gonna pay for that but the second
question is like what can you bring to
those artificial island and that's what
I want to portray that movie also like
Cuba's people have a strong connection
to the land to the spirits so once the
buildings of Island you can you can live
on it but they can what connect what can
they keep with them you know like what
can you remain from cannabis culture and
deeper spirituality what I mean when the
days you can just live in very very high
tech high rise but you know like
technology baby an answer but it's not
so I don't think it's an answer to say
give us culture Alice I think it's you
know brings up one of the challenges for
this whole issue is the need to plan
both at the same time for migration with
dignity and to ensure that there are
legal pathways and that people
themselves have a right to
self-determination and their human
rights are protected but not taking away
from the fact that there are mitigation
efforts we can be doing to prevent
climate change and there's also
adaptation and resilience building that
needs to be done and there's been that
divides sometimes in the community about
too much concern about you know stopping
climate changes taking away from the
need to start to adapt and prepare for
it or you know I remember going to an
Islands conference back in 2010 and
someone from the Solomon Islands saying
you know how dare you talk to me about
being a climate refugee I don't accept
that you need to step up and you need to
prevent this from happening and you need
to provide the funds to help us to adapt
so these are two parallel tracks that as
president Tong well knows you have to
balance both messaging we have to do
both it's not a you know we need to do
everything we can right now to be
preventing the worst effects of climate
change from happening and we can't let
go of that and but at the same time we
need to plan for it as president Tong
says we need migration arrangements we
need technological advances and we
really
need the developed countries to commit
to giving resources to help the least
you know the most vulnerable adapt I
wanted to bring this tweet in on me
because but there are a lot of people
who are on the same page about this
issue in our community and then there's
something a little bit skeptical maybe
even cynical this is a tweet we got from
Liam and he raises an interesting point
he says the new documentary reinforces
the growing discourse of Carabosse as
drowning or sinking whilst emotive if he
goes on to say in another tweet drowning
and sinking discourses close down debate
and they make the ultimate outcome seem
inevitable new to present all what do
you make about I think it's a very fair
comment but I think the question is if
we don't do anything then certainly the
islands will be submerged the
projections of the IPCC are very clear
but the question is are we going to
allow it to happen I think our first
option would be no we wind up children
and maybe a few the conscience and the
morality of people around the planet
that you know let's give us a chance we
need to be given the chance to build
that resilience so that we can survive
this challenge and so you know it's not
about giving up but it's about
highlighting the challenge that is there
I think I'm very I'm very conscious of
the interpretation by some people they
say if there's nothing can be done okay
this don't it's not bother no it's
actually the other way around we trying
to random people of what I've been
trying to do is to humanize our thinking
that if that is the ID that's all it did
let's forget about it let's list
imposter let's see what can be done it's
going to be a different world I can see
that but it's nevertheless it's still a
sovereignty our sovereignty will be
retained with resources and we
maintained and maybe can contend can
contribute to the building of our
resilience we can afford it I that's a
positive hopeful note to end on
president Tong Matthew and Alice thank
you so much for being part of this
conversation it is not done yet we're
going online but let me just show you a
tweet we've just had in during this show
Kameron Kang he says the climate refugee
crisis will not end with Kira bas it's
the start and many more countries will
see their own citizens becoming refugees
including the USA now you can follow our
coverage using hashtag stream at
Sundance and of course hashtag Ajay
stream see you next time thanks for
watching everybody
