the scientists here at Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore analyzed more
than a thousand patients who churned
symptoms of cancer to see whether this
new test would accurately confirm the
diagnosis and they were excited to
discover that for certain tumors the
cancer seek test was up to 98% accurate
and the same test was effective for
eight different types of cancer
including five for which no early
screening currently exists here's how it
works
as the tumor forms and grows the
cancerous cells within it change
reproduce and die sometimes chewers shed
cells that can get into the bloodstream
and when cancer cells die they can also
release DNA and other fragments that
also get into the blood cancer seek is
described as a liquid biopsy and
analyzed as a patient's blood sample for
traces of that cancer DNA and
identifying which genes and mutations
are most active can identify the type of
cancer and the best treatment the
importance of early diagnosis of cancer
can't be understated for example in the
case of bowel cancer ovarian cancer and
breast cancer 90% of those diagnosed
early will continue to live for more
than five years but the survival rate if
it's caught at an advanced stage is much
lower in the case of ovarian cancer
it's just 5% in the UK cancer
specialists are giving a cautious
welcome to the findings this is a very
exciting first step along the way to
such a blood test they've shown that you
can pick up tiny traces of the cancer in
the blood test that potentially has the
ability to pick up cancers early on and
identify patients for surgery but it is
a first step another specialist though
wants to see the test accuracy improved
stage one when we want to diagnose these
cancers the sensitivity is quite low
it's just about 40 percent so that is
something that might hold this test back
when we try to think about implementing
it
the Baltimore study worked with patients
who had already shown symptoms of cancer
the true breakthrough will happen if
this test can identify cancer before the
symptoms emerge that could really make a
massive impact on survival rates this
test is one step closer to that Paul
Brennan al-jazeera London
