life on the streets of the UK is
increasingly deadly according to an
investigation into homelessness by
nonprofit news organization i'm femi
okay and I'm Willie could be loud the
report found that hundreds of homeless
people died across the country over the
last year we'll ask our panel what
should be done to end the crisis send us
your thoughts via Twitter and our
YouTube chat it's a death toll that
shames the UK at least 484 homeless
people have died in the last year a
damning report from the Bureau of
Investigative Journalism says the case
is compiled by the Bureau include
individuals who died and shopped
doorways those who were killed in
violent incidents and those who passed
away in hostels or hospitals without
family members at their side
homelessness has risen dramatically
across the United Kingdom in recent
years and there is a little sign that it
is slowing down in England and Wales
alone the number of people sleeping on
the streets has doubled since 2013 to
discuss the investigation and the
urgency of the UK's homelessness crisis
were joined from London by made Milan
again she is a journalist at the bureau
of investigative journalism for the
moroccan port city of s where we have
Kevin Farrell he is a social impact
influencer at some mongos and that's a
homelessness charity based in London and
in London we have poppy teri she's a
public affairs manager at shelter a
charity that campaigns to end
homelessness and bad housing in England
and Scotland
hello everybody it's really good to have
you in the stream maybe I'm looking at
this project dying homeless counting the
deaths of homeless people across the UK
what's notice of boys what you do is not
only keep counts and your help by NGOs
and journalists and local reporters
around the United Kingdom but you also
tell the stories as much as possible
about how people died who they were what
happened I can literally scroll through
four hundred and eighty-four deaths so
far which one stand out to you yeah it
makes for some really grim reading and
we were really keen that we told those
stories because these people aren't
numbers you know every every person has
loved ones have friends family that
they've left
behind and you know along the way on
this project I went to funerals
I met with family members of some of
these people and so there's lots of them
that really kind of stick out in my mind
a woman called Jane who died up in
Stafford I met her family talked to her
daughters to her mum in some cases there
were people that that lay in tents
hidden from view for weeks and they were
only identified through DNA testing or
dental records because their bodies had
become so decomposed so it really is a
litany of horrific and consequences
really and before you started to count
the deaths of homeless people nobody was
doing that in a centralized way there
was no merit
yeah and that was so shocking this whole
project started out around February or
January earlier this year when there was
a couple of high-profile deaths
including a man who died near
Westminster just a hundred meters or so
from the houses Parliament and that kind
of set up a question in my mind I
wondered if this was getting worse or
better were more people dying and I
spent weeks really calling around
coroner's offices and hospitals doctors
the government local councils and
everybody said oh no we don't count but
I'm sure somebody else does and we came
to the sad conclusion that in fact
nobody is counting these deaths so
that's when the Bureau of Investigative
Journalism took it on itself to start
you know picking up on that and the fact
that no one was counting we got this
tweet here from Zara man she says until
this investigation no official body in
the UK collected data on the deaths of
homeless people but now the Office of
National Statistics will compile and
publish official statistics on it.great
concrete impact of their work you just
uses the hashtag that your team is using
make them count Maeve this seems like a
victory but a bittersweet one at that
the fact that they weren't being counted
before and they weren't as this hashtag
indicates counted right so so from the
start we hope that somebody would take
up this challenge and do this work and
it's great that the office for national
statistics are going to do that because
there's a huge deficit in evidence if we
don't know how many
people are dying how and when they're
dying how do we solve the problem but
yeah as he say they could that the
tragedy is that it's not going to solve
anything and it's not going to stop
people dying now we know that how many
people are dying and how and when it's
up to the rest of us to think of the
solutions to make sure that not a single
of a person dies homeless in the UK
Kevin I'm just wondering if Thor --'tis
were saying we don't count are they
really saying we don't care about
homeless people dying well I don't know
so much about whether they care or not
the stuff that I see in my Rowland and
in London there's a lot of there's a lot
of people that are getting help
initially and then they're given
somewhere to stay but that's just when
the problem really starts that's when
you've got to really have the resources
and the the staff at the frontline who
are going to be able to help people make
the transition from the street
the 484 deaths I'm really sure that's
just a rough estimate is more if you put
in other aspects to the way people have
passed away and it's about time that
these sort of things are highlighted and
like the Bureau of just said it it is
shocking actually what's going on in not
just London it's spreading out across
all major cities in in England yeah
these figures definitely are an
underestimate you know we had to kind of
jigsaw pieces together and that's
because as you said systems in place are
really fractured often people aren't
talking to each other and that is a
problem when it comes to data but more
importantly it's a problem when it comes
to actual services and people that might
be transitory and move around getting
long-term and help it's really time
services they've had so many cuts I mean
let's be honest about they've had so
many cuts that they better they better
withdraw frontline staff who are in a
position to help people who are
transitioning from the street there's so
many people ending up back on the street
of course
Paul is not in place and they fall back
on mental health issues substance misuse
issues you know beans and not uncommon
things that are going on so Kevin and
then you talk about it Kevin and poppy
domain I I want to show you a couple of
clips from stories that we found on the
streets of London we asked our
al-jazeera producer one of our jazeera
produces in london would you go out and
talk to some people who are living
ruffle living on the streets and they
did this on monday and came back with
some remarkable stories I'm going to
share these reviewers we have a
conversation so that we're actually
featuring the voices of people that
we're talking about Kevin I know you
have this experience but these are
people who have no home right now let's
start with Barry who for the very first
time when I add a zero producer met them
had spent his very first night on the
streets and he'd never been homeless
before have a listen I don't how to
describe it she came all night
I think I've not blanquette no nothing
an optimum chicken unfreezing
but I can do nothing
I went by the police station over there
to sit down BK was cool they said I
can't sit in there just have to come
back outside just been walking around
walking on to keep myself but I can walk
the whole night
she's being hurt
as I'm sitting here I don't know what to
do papi I mean you can feel just
incredible empathy for beary there I'm
just wondering when people are in that
situation who is there to help them well
I think firstly it's important to
remember you know when you are face to
face with those heartbreaking stories
like berries these are casualties of a
system that has totally failed people
and we do need to look at the kind of
root causes of what it is that's going
wrong here so we do need to look at the
kind of decades of failure that we've
seen to build enough homes and that
really is a root of this and even more
importantly we need affordable homes
that people can actually kind of afford
to rent so we need social homes in terms
of who's there for them right there when
they're on the streets has lots of
charities and lots of organizations like
some Mungo's like shelter who can pick
them up and can give them advice and
support but unfortunately we are in a
position as are lots of local
authorities as well that there are just
simply not enough homes to put people
into so often the services that are
there are very limited in their options
we got this comment picking up on what
you said there poppy this is someone
watching live on YouTube legendary and I
think you answer this slightly but
legendary rights in does the UK have any
kind of social service that puts
homeless people in a home or is it some
sort of choice to remain homeless and if
there is a service why is it not used
and before we get an answer to that I
wanted to share this story from someone
in the UK this is Brian who says you may
not believe me but me and my family sit
in temporary accommodation just been
found unintentionally homeless he goes
on to say this is a life-changing event
and it's morphed into him feeling
depressed because of no stability for
the family and depressed I have no
stability to face brain surgery my wife
is my rock and my only help he ends with
this tweet saying that before we became
homeless I searched relentlessly the
advertisements for property we couldn't
downsize as the onus and blame would
have been with ourselves for putting
ourselves and overcurrent in overcrowded
situations at the local housing
allowance doesn't go near the cost of
rent so Kevin seems juxtaposition of
that comment from YouTube versus Brian's
store
here on what is offered and how it isn't
enough can you think about that and
telling us how it is it yeah you became
Hamid what she would say to brother lost
there are services offered but the
problem being is when somebody is taken
off of the street and they take him into
housing and they're given either a
hostile and then the transitions made
through into supported housing or like
it's been said the cost of private
renting in London is astronomical its
astronomical social housing is at
probably a record all-time low there
just isn't enough of that being built
there isn't enough the government are
not doing enough in the private lending
sector to make it affordable and then
when people do come in they're not
they're not gonna just go straight into
work it's issues to deal with so when
they're when they're getting benefits
when there is the social side of it we
just lost Kevin there for a moment but
we're come back to Kevin in just a
little bit maybe I'm just thinking about
the other stories that your report and
your investigation actually sparked it
made people think about homelessness
when they weren't necessarily thinking
about it I remember when I grew up in
London shelter was a huge organization
doing incredible work it still is but
the story has got worse yeah and I think
what you you know the the stories that
you've heard there on the streets are
one visible sign of it across cities
across the UK people sleeping rough it's
a really visible increase I think you
know we've seen kind of tent cities
springing up people sleeping in head
rows in parks it's really grim but I
think what you know poppy and Kevin know
as well is that there's also these
hidden homeless thousands and thousands
of people that are living in temporary
accommodation it just isn't suitable bit
bed and breakfasts or hostels emergency
accommodation or people sofa surfing on
friends floors you know just really
untenable situations for people to be
living in and so we've tried to include
some of that in our reporting but those
deficits sadly
and even less well recognized even less
likely to be logged because they are
hidden from view which is just another
reason why 484 is sadly and under
estimates that's absolutely right go
ahead Pam yeah go ahead yeah I think I
think that's absolutely right and I
think that um you know the numbers that
we know of we know that there are around
300,000 homeless people in Britain but
as Maeve says there are many many more
on top of that who are hidden and I kind
of think what the research the Bureau of
Investigative Journalism has done it
helps to bring people back into it
because when you've got such a huge
structural issue and we are facing we
call it a national emergency and it is
that but it's this huge structural issue
and the numbers are so enormous that
it's easy to get lost in that and
actually what their reporting does and
what services like someone goes and
shelter do it's helped to remind people
that there are each of those each of
those 300,000 is an individual life
that's being impacted many of those
include children whose lives are
completely disrupted and even if they
are in temporary accommodations they're
lucky enough to be housed it is often
very cramped very unsuitable not a place
that any of us would want to live and
those are the people who are fortunate
in the system you know we do have very
good homelessness legislation that
protects people but if we don't have
enough homes to put them in - people are
going to fall through the cracks and
that is often why we see people sleeping
rough because there is just not enough
accommodation for them - to live in so
in terms what needs to be done we need
the government to commit to a genuinely
bold revolutionary generation changing
shifting commitment to social housing
and they need to look beyond five years
ten years they need to look twenty years
in the future and commit to a new
generation of affordable housing because
unless we do that we're not going to
solve it hmm you mentioned the hidden
homeless both of you Maeve and poppy and
I wanted to bring in the street from
mummy who says it isn't just about the
rough sleepers it is the hidden homeless
- austerity and lack of affordable homes
and treatment by some councils is
appalling and punitive but I wanted to
give a counter to that into this
experience there's this tweet from the
mayor of Manchester mayor Andy Burnham
this month we have pledged to provide a
bed every night of the coming winter -
every
sleeper in Greater Manchester we require
financial donations from businesses and
the public so that a bed every night can
be a success may programs like this do
they surprise you do you think that
there should be more of them or is this
a step in the right direction
it sounds like Andy Burnham in
Manchester is is really committed to
this and doing great work which is
fantastic I think the problem is the
sustainability of funding you know if
you're having to go cap in hand to the
public every time and that's an issue in
terms of making sure there are places
are open that well staffed where the
staff have the training that they need
to deal with some of these really
complex issues so if councils are
continually having their budgets cut it
means they're having to really slice
back on on you know their funding for
these things so the government comes in
and drops these pots of money but
they're often one-off payments they're
not enough to kind of think long-term
so like poppy says maybe a big bold
strategy is needed and another thing
that we found and during the
investigation was that these deaths are
meant to be reviewed when they happen
and there was a rough sleepers strategy
brought out by the government earlier
this year that said that should happen
but in reality councils safeguarding
boards which are these boards of kind of
GPS police doctors council workers
they're very very rarely reviewing
what's gone wrong with these deaths so
there could be lessons to be learned
there could be simple solutions of
joining up services but that's just not
happening so yes I want to bring in
Damon Damon at the day Kevin I'm going
to come straight to you but let me just
bring in Damon Damon was somebody that
our Desio producer met just 24 hours ago
Damon has issues that he says he he
admits to with alcohol but he's also
looking at what are the solutions what
are the ways that he and the homeless
community in different parts of the UK
can get off the streets have a listen to
what he had to say
got more ignorant
I don't know what time Goodman people
are doing with the money dog and justice
buildings that's empties to empty
hospitals the short time that they could
be made into other hospitals or
something get us off the streets
winter's coming and it's gonna be a bad
winter this is an Indian swimmer
I won't mentor combs that's what my
gonna fear them two years ago I nearly
died of ammonia
well not that were not pigeons for human
beings I'm gonna left out here to die
more or less survive ourselves
that's my fingers and everything she was
bright today min they're us what are
those government people doing but it's
not just the government that has to
react for instance Mongo's Kevin have
something called home for good this is
something that you're working on that
you're involved in and people who've
lived on the streets are actually
involved in this tell us more that's
right
I mean I'm champion in a campaign and
we've got an open letter going straight
to the heart of government and and what
we'll ask you what is a to change it
really does need to be relooked at like
Damien was just say mid when winter
comes there's a big hoo-ha and there's
all this short term action but it's not
it's not solving anything it's like
ticking boxes there's no there's no
long-term impact there's no long-term
impact and since 2013 like you said it's
doubled and it's more than that this
hidden homeless there's all of this
going on these are great little
organizations I must say some Mungo's
they must get a big shout for actually
trying to get this into the public eye
where they're saying in to the
government come on now look let's do
something and but we've got we've got
the campaign up and running there's
plenty of people signing in signing the
petition the open letter and is that
going to be enough no we need more we
need more and having platforms like this
gives us a chance to actually say well
maybe make the right people start
listening let's be real here you know
this is right that the fourth which is
city in the world
should not have this homelessness issue
you know not a chance in the world there
my
be a better way at that people are
transitioning away from the streets to
stay away from the street it's like I've
said just a recently it's ok giving
somebody a roof over their head that's
when it's just starts you've got to look
at the holistic point of it what is why
why are they homeless why can't they go
back to friends family is there mental
health issues ER is there substance
misuse issues here
let's treat a person as a whole human
being you know rather than separating
everything which is what goes on in the
services now if we start looking at
things differently and start looking at
people as human beings like like Damon
just said it's not a pigeon he's a human
being he deserves as much to be in a
warm safe place as anybody else and it
shouldn't be going on and I do it does
get my back up a bit
because it can be solved so let me Shane
that's a really good point about funding
you know we can fund outreach projects
and homelessness shelters but if mental
health has been cuts funding for that
it's been cut drug and alcohol problems
programs have been cut there's this
whole you know the kind of issues around
the issue that there isn't funding for
so yeah that's a really really important
point from Kevin this is a complex issue
I want to see something else with you
this is from the UK Ministry of Housing
communities and local government have a
look here on my laptop every death or
someone sleeping rough on our streets is
one too many and we take this magic
stream Lee seriously we are investing
1.2 billion to tackle all forms of
homelessness and have set out bold plans
backed by a hundred million pounds in
funding to have rough sleeping by 2022
and end it by 2027 that's pretty bold
Malika what do you have I don't think
that our community online is convinced
but enough will be done this is a
comment we got from YouTube say it says
we bailed out the banks in 2008 and as a
result we in the UK are paying for it
there are underfunded social services
like mental health and services for the
elderly that had been cut echoing what
you said Maeve another person on YouTube
though feeling similarly grayskull says
are we not going to hold our government
accountable I don't see anyone
addressing specific government
policy and ministry's puppy I'll give
this one to you people feel like the
government isn't being held to account
for this at least not strongly enough I
think there is a lot of good work out
there I think by organizations like
someone goes and the initiative Kevin
was talking about shelter it's something
that we do every day and we have seen
some positive steps in government you
know may have mentioned the rough
sleeping strategy and you know you just
outline the commitment to end rough
sleeping by 2027 having a government
talk about this take responsibility make
commitments these are positive things
and these are good first steps and we do
hope that it will help to improve
services for some people I think well
you do have to look at though is the
sustainability of those measures and I
kept saying it but if we don't have the
homes to put people into its net we're
never going to solve it and we also need
to look further upstream we need to look
at prevention how do we stop people
becoming homeless in the first place one
of the tweets you had earlier mentioned
local housing allowance which is kind of
welfare that people get to help them
afford their homes have them before
their rent that's been frozen and cut
year-on-year
meaning it's harder and harder for
people to afford their rent because the
rent has been going up and the welfare
that they can claim has been staying the
same and they have to make up that gap
themselves so government policies are
putting people at risk of homelessness
so you've got on one hand they're making
commitments to solve it and on the other
another part of government is actually
exacerbating the problem making it worse
guessing we need something we'll work
together
I hear you popping let me just put pull
one more story in and this is from
somebody who's living rough right now
this is Cheryl she's 39 years old and
she had to flee from her domestic
partner because of domestic violence
this is what she taught how to zero
yesterday have a look I have to plead
for my very bad domestic situation I
have no children so obviously
because they expect me to
a place with men I'm a survivor I'm not
gonna come in I get a lot of trouble for
men being on my own when I'm asleep
there they they stand out I don't know
whether it's to intimidate or harass or
just whatever they just like to stand at
the end and just stare so I have to show
move away what's wrong with you do you
know I mean are you a pervert
what's what's the matter with you why do
you like intimidating women to you you
know why there's no need for it it's
hard enough already
so many stories so little resources that
Cheryl who's living homeless on the
streets right now in London Malika well
in talking about what can be done david
kyd here has one idea he says lived
experiences have to be at the heart of
everything we do to work towards ending
homelessness and how to go about that he
says in Glasgow we have a project that
creates opportunities for people
experiencing homelessness to get
involved in shaping and improving the
city's responses to homelessness at
every level and we're in the process of
replicating this nationally thank you
for watching and thank you to our guest
- Maeve - Kevin and also - poppy as well
details are on al Jazeera comm about our
program and where you can help
homelessness in terms of the UK and
thank you very much for watching you'll
find as always online at AJ's strength
until the next time see you soon
