the first stop on a three-day tour in
Peru
Pope Francis a champion of clean
environment met members of Amazonian
indigenous communities the Pope says
they are the most vulnerable people and
now they are living in danger the native
Amazonian peoples have probably never
been so threatened on their own lands as
they are at present there is near
extractivism and pressure been exerted
by great business interests that want to
lay hands on its petroleum gas lumber
and gold more than anywhere else in
peddle than here in the Madre de Dios
region the government says the gold rush
has destroyed more than 32,000 hectares
of forest nearly 18,000 kilos of gold
are produced here every year
miners dumping chemicals into the river
destroying the ecosystem which affects
some of the poorest communities the
government says 3,000 tons of mercury
have been dumped in the Amazon rivers
the santa teresita community depends on
the river to survive community leader
goose Murray says they want the Pope to
help yes that contaminated the river is
contaminated
we can't eat fish a prime minister for
drinkable water we need to take care of
the forest we need fish farms and we
want illegal mining to stop we have to
defend our territory along the way in
Madre de Dios and Lima Peruvians packed
the streets to cheer the pontiff 80% of
Peruvians are Catholic
at the presidential palace in lima the
pope said the environmental degradation
cannot be separated from the moral
degradation how much evil is done to our
Latin American people and the
democracies of this continent by the
social virus a phenomenon that infects
everything with the greatest harm been
done to the poor and Mother Earth a
papal reference to the allegations of
corruption among many politicians in
Latin America for now Peruvians put
aside their anger at politicians to
cheer and welcome their most important
religious leader Jana Sanchez al Jazeera
Moravia spin
