Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announcing
one is calling a major change to your
newsfeed public criticism for the last
two years over what Facebook is doing to
society
hello I'm Richard gives burden you're at
the listening post here are some of the
stories were tracking this week Facebook
makes an about-turn
on news content what the new policy
means for media organizations and you
the news consumer a legal battle looms
in the Philippines where the authorities
want to take down an online news site
defectors from North Korea and the
treatment their stories get on South
Korean television and spending quality
time online more please you need to have
a well-educated understanding of how bad
things will get if you're not on your
phone Facebook is taking a big chunk of
the news out of its newsfeed and in so
doing retreating from a crucial part of
its business having transformed the way
billions of people consume and share
news online in some cases the way news
organizations produce it Facebook is
junking that approach replacing news
with more content from your friends
something had to give
venturing into the news business has
brought Facebook revenues but also a
boatload of trouble the platform has
been blamed for the spread of fake news
misinformation and hateful content
online spare a thought though for news
publishers many of them have made big
changes to their business models to max
out on Facebook as a way to get to
audiences they've been left holding the
bag
but the platform's founder Mark
Zuckerberg is batting away his critics
he's saying he's doing right by the
people who matter most to him his users
our starting point this week is Facebook
Silicon Valley headquarters Menlo Park
California
in the words of Mark Zuckerberg we're
making a major change to how we build
Facebook he wrote that the feedback he
was getting said that public content
including posts from media was crowding
out the personal moments that lead us to
connect more with each other that marked
the beginning of the reining in of the
news component in Facebook's newsfeed to
be replaced by more personal faith
coming when it did in early January
Zuckerberg note read like a lengthy New
Year's resolution
someone's swearing off some bad habits
recently acquired what it really was was
a business decision
look Facebook is a business it's a
publicly traded company every
announcement that Mark Zuckerberg makes
is a business decision and another
motivating factor is that they're losing
the demographic battle younger people
are much less engaged with Facebook than
ever before so up till now Facebook has
kind of been doing a push towards more
media content on their newsfeed they've
been pushing for video and a lot of like
different publishers have been creating
video that's specifically for Facebook
from what it sounds like they're going
to change that now by devaluing what
what publishers are doing and kind of
promoting what family and friends are
saying well I think Facebook is trying
to be altruistic I mean a one-level you
want to say he's trying really hard you
know and this is all new to him he's not
a news guy the fact that there is this
platform that has 2 billion users is a
brand new thing and nobody really knows
what you're supposed to do with it and
the good thing about Facebook is they're
always been willing to shift and change
that's one of the reasons they have
lasted for so long we have to be a
little cynical about it because we're
looking at a very very large business
and a large business that is basically
under attack at this
lawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic
have made it clear they're coming after
Facebook the US Congress is looking into
the site's effect on the 2016
presidential elections when it was
manipulated not just through posts from
Russian troll farms but through the
placement of political ads from foreign
actors that Facebook was paid for that's
illegal
the European Union has passed a law that
goes into effect in four months it will
restrict the way personal data can be
collected stored and used and proposes
heavy fines for companies like Facebook
and Google should they break the new
rules Germany has a new law allowing for
fines of up to fifty million euros if
Facebook or any other major social media
player fails to take down obvious cases
of hate speech and fake news quickly
enough France has threatened to find
Facebook for taking user data from
whatsapp which it also owns without user
consent the list goes on other types of
things they're facing is just how do
they handle illegal content like child
pornography on their platforms how do
they handle content that could be
damaging to our national security
interests like terrorism videos and
expect lawmakers in the US but also in
Europe to take a heavy look at what
antitrust means for these platforms how
did we let them to get so big how do we
let them grow to the point where they're
eating other businesses and should we be
regulating them in a way that sort of
clamps down on that dominance Facebook
and a lot of the other tech companies
were called to account by the United
States Congress among other legislative
bodies around the world and in one of
those hearings a senator Feinstein from
California so the state in which you
know Facebook resides basically said you
have to be the ones to do something
about it
or we will and so there's you know great
incentive on the part of Facebook to do
something the fact is that Facebook
changes their algorithm all the time but
they don't always make an announcement
about it so the fact that they made an
announcement about it is probably a
response to that very challenge the
changes to Facebook's newsfeed will have
a far greater effect on news producers
than consumers consider the lengths that
publishers have gone to to make their
material work on the platform the
instant articles feature launched in
2015 forced news outlets to reformat
their articles in order to conform to
Facebook's mobile app all those social
videos on the site news outlets telling
their stories through text on screen
sparing Facebookers the bother of
turning up the sound shooting or
formatting their videos vertically
rather than the more traditional
horizontal view those innovations were
made because that's what Facebook's
layout demanded the relationship that
news organizations have had with
Facebook has always been complicated now
having been given notice of being
de-emphasized in the newsfeed they have
a right to feel aggrieved jilted and
fearful of what the future holds well
it's gotten a lot of publishers really
freaked out publishers had really gotten
to a point where the vast majority of
them were getting their traffic from
social media when people say they get
their traffic from social media they
really mean Facebook with its 2 billion
users versus Twitter with it's on a good
day 300 million users and too many of
them have gone into a habit where
they're creating news stories and just
basing their whole business model on
driving traffic from Facebook however it
will force a lot of publishers to think
more strategically about their business
about their consumers in their audience
you know force them to think about
audience instead of traffic and I think
in the long run it will be easier for
publishers to make a business when you
think about developing an engaged
audience as supposed to just gaming the
Facebook traffic it will be a lot easier
in some cases for publishers because
they're not going to invest millions of
dollars to create the products that work
just for Facebook when Facebook changes
that algorithm a lot of like small local
papers lose their viewership by 30% and
it takes them like three months to get
back because of how these systems are
being changed under the hood
and how they have to like respond to
them so I think like yes there's a lot
to be said about their accountability
and lack like the lack of transparency
and responsibilities around the content
the coming changes to the newsfeed will
be significant but they will not fix
Facebook's problem with fake news new
stories will still be on the site
especially if your friends have liked or
shared them and given what we know about
social media ecosystems news bubbles and
comfort zones fake news will still find
audiences it's noteworthy that Mark
Zuckerberg post on the changes did not
even mention fake news because he knows
Facebook has no solution to the problem
so it's just distancing itself from the
things that show up on your newsfeed are
things that the people who you're
friends with are engaged with it doesn't
mean that the things that your friends
are engaged with are any truer than they
were before anything that gets lots of
people excited about something is going
to shoot up to the top of your newsfeed
so it in fact is reinforcing this notion
of viral content so I don't know how it
it actually solves the problem of fake
news I almost wonder if it gets worse
because the way that Facebook came to
this situation is that there was a
financial incentive for people to create
hyper-partisan hyperbolic news on the
platform the more outrageous the content
was the more engagement it received the
more traffic it would drive back to
these content makers web sites the more
traffic they have the more ad revenue
they gained and so if they're gonna
focus on getting people to engage you
can imagine that the type of people who
create that hyper-partisan echo-chamber
like content are going to take advantage
of that
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar with one of our
producers will young will last month in
Myanmar two journalists from Reuters
were arrested they're now facing up to
14 years in prison who are they and what
have they been accused of thanks Richard
the journalists in question are wall
owned and jawsaw
who were covering the Burmese military
campaign against her hinder militants in
Rakhine State they've been charged with
possessing classified documents under
Myanmar's Official Secrets Act which is
the law that dates back to 1923 when
Burma was still a British colony the
issue at the core of the story seems to
be the discovery of a mass grave
containing ten dead rehén jur which was
announced by the Burmese military
shortly after the journalists were
arrested so what are we looking at here
a clumsy attempt on the part of the
authorities to control the narrative on
the religious story well it was actually
police officers who handed those
classified documents to the journalists
immediately prior to their arrest was it
a police setup we simply don't know we
may learn more on Tuesday when there
will be a hearing on the case but in the
meantime the Burmese army has admitted
that security forces did participate in
the mass killing which is a reversal of
their original outright denial that is
in itself a significant step however the
jailing and the charges against these
two journalists will no doubt have a
chilling effect on future reporting
you've also been looking into a story in
the Philippines regarding an independent
online news outlet that we've reported
on here before at the listening post
possible shutdown of this site due to
questions over its ownership what is the
story with Rattler well Rattler
certainly isn't one of president rodrigo
duterte favorite news sites they've
reported very critically on his
so-called war on drugs and they've
investigated also his personal fortune
what we now have is a ruling from the
Philippines securities and exchange
commission that says Rattler has broken
foreign investment laws and if we think
back to last year in his annual address
President Duterte actually accused
Rattler of being run by Americans the
truth is that under six
percent of Rattlers investment comes
from the amid er group which is set up
by eBay found a Pierre Omidyar
but those are investments that
specifically prohibit any say in the
running of the company
rattler says it's the speed and a lack
of due process that has convinced them
that this case has been politicized but
the rapper site is still up and
accessible is it not yes for now they
have 15 days to challenge that decision
in the appeals court and from what we're
hearing it's likely that this is the
beginning of a long legal fight assuming
that there is rule of law in this
country we will go through the process
we will continue to hold power
accountable and we will continue to tell
the truth no matter what
as the editors of rap lourve put it this
is a press freedom case which has
constitutional implications so if
necessary they're prepared to take this
as high as the Supreme Court okay thanks
well we're turning our lens towards
South Korea now onto a unique genre of
programming one could call defector TV
despite sharing the same Peninsula South
Koreans don't know as much about their
northern neighbors as you might think
most of what they do know comes from the
testimonies of those who have sought
asylum in the South the defector TV
formula takes a reality-tv approach it
puts asylum seekers on the air explores
what their lives were like before
defecting and even sets them up with
romantic partners from the South the
producers say they're out to improve
understanding pave the way towards
reunification of countries divided since
the end of world war two but the
skeptics aren't buying that they say the
shows are heavy on misrepresentation
sensationalism and sexist stereotyping
the listening-posts
Cristina Martinez now on defector TV in
South Korea
December 2011 South Korea's channel a
launches a new program it was a hybrid
part optional in show part beauty
contest the only prerequisite
contestants had to be defectors from
North Korea
there's never been a program about North
Korea before North Korea was only ever
seen through the news which kept talking
about nuclear issues the North Korean
army how poor North Korea is that was it
for the first time now my way to meet
you showed the real story of how North
Korean people live their culture it has
helped break down prejudices I think the
program prepares us for unification it
was the beginning of a trend South
Korean channels eager to find a
different lens through which to present
North Korea could finally break away
from the usual portray of famine and
human rights abuses and add an element
of entertaining
the question of whether they break down
prejudices or reinforce them is
difficult the fact of the matter is they
mostly do both simultaneously
they certainly seek to convey
information about North Korea there's a
very famous song a young boy appears on
North Korean TV singing this song
and then one of the panelists on one of
these shows will sing the song in a way
that mimics that North Korean boy is
singing style so in the editing suite or
in some of the the ways they are framed
they have the tendency to reinforce some
prejudices as well Sasha wanted to put
away key the original intention of those
programs was to depict the harmonious
future of a unified Korea by showing how
well the factors integrate into South
Korean society but they mostly show
young women describing their struggle to
defect from North Korea so this gives
South Koreans a distorted impression of
defectors and it creates prejudices
about the country
70% of North Korean defectors are women
and the ones that find themselves on TV
often end up reinforcing our cultural
stereotype that beautiful North Korean
women are the best partners for South
Korean men in shows like love
unification young North Korean women are
paired with South Korean men who proceed
to instruct them on the ways of the
modern developed country in which they
now live the messaging is less than
subtle and it conforms to the South
Korean nationalistic narrative that
North Korea is the weaker female nation
that needs protecting by the stronger
more masculine sound the concern is that
such a caricature immature and
objectified image of these women is then
extended to all North Korean defectors
and to the North Korean population in
general so South Koreans may end up
looking down on North Koreans or
thinking we can treat them careless
we're not a Nagase there's another issue
that doesn't help with the perception of
North Koreans on occasion some defectors
testimonies have been sketchy and
inconsistent
park eunmi is a defector who became a
celebrity after a run on now on my way
to meet you
her story's attracted a lot of attention
but as discrepancies crept into her
accounts skepticism grew here aren't you
free to sing they will think what you
want but it's almost impossible to
fact-check these stories and the
defectors themselves say they are
reporting the truth or turns our army
America voyage easily mark it's that
person's problem if they say one thing
here another thing there it is hard to
say that North Korean people do that or
that these programs make them do that
their memory may change or they may
remember something else at another time
but I don't think the programs are to
blame this kohaku can Google Chrome
there are such cases but at the same
time poverty in North Korea is real and
it's also true that North Korea ignores
human rights hi Shannon said how so go
back to Governor Cuomo and you pave a
clear on voted on so we need to see
these stories it may not be his or her
only story they may have heard it from
someone else and made it there but even
when that happens the story exists
throughout the new year we need to be a
little bit empathetic about the way
collective memory and individual memory
interact with each other a lot of these
people left North Korea several years
ago as many as 20 in some cases quite a
lot of them were very young when they
left
so inaccuracies in their stories should
not automatically be put down to malice
as a genre has expanded so to have the
narratives on the publicly owned channel
EBS good friends brings together North
and South Korean teenagers in a more
sober setting and on the web some of the
younger defectors have begun
self-publishing on a streaming platform
afreecatv which is a sort of South
Korean YouTube please self broadcasters
interact with the viewers directly
through the chat boxes that accompany
their broadcasts allowing for a
relatively unfiltered discussion between
South Koreans and North Koreans without
any of the production framing in between
and they discover that they are not so
different after all but half this shows
actually helped in their stated goal of
unifying the two Koreas you don't
probably while these programs contribute
to making South Koreans interested in
North Korea the majority still think
that it's a weird state and these
programs make people think how is it
possible for us to live with them no way
and so they end up reinforcing anti
unification ideas
Connie Momoko voz Anika North Korea is
always described as a poor state it's
people are starving their human rights
are infringed people see it as pathetic
and they feel a sense of alienation but
over time the image of North Korea here
has improved a lot people are realizing
that they can actually communicate with
North Koreans so the shows are having a
positive effect an advocate acetal
infinity in a situation where stories
about North Korea remains scarce
politicized and controlled defectors are
a rare source of news that the
information they provide gets turned
into infotainment says as much about
South Koreans the television market and
viewing habits as he does about their
neighbors to the north
finally back to Facebook when Mark
Zuckerberg announced those changes to
the newsfeed last week he acknowledged
it might mean that people will spend
less time on his social media platform
luckily though for Facebook an American
comedian JP Sears has come up with an
online guide on how to become more
rather than less addicted to your social
media platforms and the mental health
implications that come with that which
he insists are all for the good we'll
see you next time here at The Listening
Post studies show that people check
their phones 150 times per day this is
horrible and I think we can do better I
envision a world where people have
enough anxious energy that they're
driven to check their phones at least
600 times per day
always being on my phone gives me the
thrill of being manically busy while I'm
actually wasting my time if there's
something happening that you don't know
about then other people know something
useless that you don't know
notice that the thoughts and feelings
that you don't want to experience are in
here so you'll want to position your
phone here and when you do notice that
your eyes are pointed at your phone and
that keeps your attention out here which
means you're not paying attention to
what's going on in here
which is ideal okay go ahead when you're
encountering something wonderful it
can't bring you joy unless you hold your
phone between you and it to transfer it
to your social media there's a whole
world inside your phone don't let it
pass you by
got a call I've got to take this
