it's not the most needy case but Yousef
Shikari speaks for millions when he
questions why Palestinian refugees
should face more hardship because of
politics
his family's 43 dollar a month food
allowance has already been lost in
general cuts he worries about his
children's education because some
teachers are now having to be laid off
in UNRWA schools and he's unemployed
because his place on the agency's jobs
program has ended and won't be renewed
if we hadn't been kicked out of our
homes in the first place there wouldn't
have been the need for you an agency to
give us services they're not doing us
any favors
we lost our land and everything's there
wouldn't be unruhe if there were no
Palestinian refugees oon work covers
every aspect of life for Refugees in
need
yet it's already facing a deficit
estimated to be between a hundred and
twenty and a hundred and seventy million
dollars
the Palestinian Authority says Donald
Trump is trying to pressurize it by
hurting those most in need
this UN agency with its role in helping
deprived and vulnerable people is
nothing to do with any attempt to get
talks going again between the Israelis
and the Palestinians yet it says the
u.s. action is making its situation
almost impossible some predicting the
possibility of it actually collapsing
this aid is not out of charity from the
US or any other donor to own or WA this
Aid is born and these funds are born
from a responsibility that the United
Nations and the international community
as a whole has took upon itself
following the adoption of resolution 181
which resulted in the ethnic cleansing
of more than half of the Palestinian
population who lived in historical
Palestine only three days before this
decision to hold back forty five million
dollars towards an unaware emergency
food aid program the u.s. withdrew 65
million dollars from the agency's
general funding the State Department
says the latest action relates to a
pledge it had withdrawn it's not a cut
and
it could be reversed at some point those
words are lost on this family in poverty
and struggling to make ends meet
Andrew Simmons al-jazeera gelas own
refugee camp in the occupied West Bank
