tough times for president Hassan rouhani
his people want him to stand firm
against a barrage of verbal attacks from
the US but his ultimate goal is to
prevent a military confrontation with
the world's most powerful country our
intent is to ensure that the USA abides
by laws stops bullying stops pressuring
maintains commitments keeps promises
that they sign on to adheres to UN
resolutions we say they're not sanction
illegally unfairly and unjustly we say
the sanctions of the u.s. are inhumane
and they must stop bullying the world of
the US isn't the only country accusing
Iran of trying to destabilize the Middle
East Saudi Arabia has long blamed Iran
for funding proxies to spread she item
in a predominantly Sunni Arab world
accusations dismissed by Tehran Yemen's
President Abdullah Mansour Hadi told the
United Nations General Assembly that
Iran must stop meddling in his country's
affairs and follow that we are still in
the grips of a war that was imposed on
our people by armed militias that are
supported by Iran and Hezbollah they are
supported financially through the media
and militarily these militias are
extremists they employed gangster-like
tactics rouhani denied all those
allegations as well as accusations that
his country continues to send weapons
and fighters to support the Syrian
President Bashar al-assad the Iranian
president couldn't hide his excitement
about the support he got from the EU
Russia and China but it remains to be
seen whether that support will last as
the u.s. ramps up its diplomatic
pressure the back and forth accusations
between Iran and the Trump
administration come at a critical time
the u.s. is planning a new round of
sanctions to choke to her on oil revenue
and that already raising fears of
further in
ability in the Middle East Hashima Baba
al Jazeera New York
