we're better to talk defense and
security cooperation than Britain's
world-famous
Sandhurst Military Academy the British
Army may not be the global force it once
was but France and Britain are still the
main EU military powers just one of many
things in common that these two leaders
say they're keen to preserve post brexit
while this summit takes place as the UK
prepares to leave the EU we are and will
remain a steadfast partner to our
friends and allies and a strong and deep
relationship between the United Kingdom
and France remains in both our interests
the President and I agree on the
importance of the UK France relationship
not just to our security but to European
security they also share a border on the
French side including the sometimes
troubled port of Calais and a border
agreement that Emmanuel macron initially
had said he wanted to tear up instead
Britain will pay tens of millions of
dollars more towards reinforcing it and
helping France deal with the burden of
migrants and refugees trying to reach
Britain it is mr. macrons nod in the
direction of common interests and
continued close future ties there are
two things that could not be changed our
history and our geography these cannot
be impacted by changes in the
institution or office we are facing
common challenges and we share the same
destiny the two sides also promised to
help each other in their foreign
military operations British helicopters
to help Frances fight against ISIL and
al Qaeda in North Africa French
assistance in securing the --use eastern
borders with Russia but the real focus
of attention here is as much defence as
it is diplomacy it is the UK government
trying to forge a close future
relationship with France inside the EU
when Britain is out as brexit
negotiations enter their most difficult
stage trade talks there may well be more
of this sort of treatment of EU leaders
Britain trying to maintain influence
while it still can and relevance when
it's all over
Jonah hull al-jazeera at Sandhurst
