they'll march under the same flag at the
Winter Olympics but will sports
diplomacy between North and South Korea
extend to politics and the burning issue
of nuclear weapons or is Kim jong-un
exploiting concerns about America under
an unpredictable Donald Trump this is
inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan athletes from North
and South Korea will parade under a
unified flag at the opening ceremony of
the Winter Olympics next month and
they'll field a joint women's ice hockey
team at the games in Pyeongchang in
South Korea there's been a flurry of
considering moves from both sides since
North Korea's leader Kim jong-un called
for peace with South Korea in his New
Year address in sharp contrast to his
strong warnings directed at the United
States Kathy Novak has more now from
Seoul the Winter Olympics are just 22
days away and the two Koreas have come
to a last-minute agreement that they
will walk together at the opening
ceremony the South Korean government
says it's all part of an effort to
promote this event as the peace Olympics
but not everyone here is happy a recent
poll found only about four out of ten
support the idea of marching under a
unified Korean Peninsula flag and others
are against the idea of a joint women's
ice hockey team I think we need to carry
our own flag I'm also against a United
team because the athletes have worked so
hard as a team so this is not fair we
should be unified anyway so I think it's
a good idea we are the only separated
nation in the world and I think that's
mainly because of political reasons some
critics have questioned the decision to
allow South Korean athletes to train at
a North Korean ski resort which is known
as the leader Kim jong-un's pet project
they worry that South Korea is helping
promote tourism there and while there
has been a thaw in North and South
Korean relations these talks have been
limited to discussing the Olympics and
not the bigger issue of North Korea's
nuclear weapons program so the question
remains what happens after the Olympics
when the u.s. and South Korea are due to
resume joint military
which always anger the north cool
throughout 2017 kim jong unmatched
aggressive words with 23 missiles in 16
tests and he taunted donald trump with
his talk of having a nuclear button on
his desk to which Trump in true Trump
style just had to respond that his was
bigger but Kim's rhetoric toward South
Korea was markedly different even
offering a hand of friendship Mean Joe
Joe Hiatt we should actively create an
atmosphere and forward the national
reconciliation and reunification
improving ties between the north and the
south is an urgent issue that not only
the north and south watch but everyone
else wants so let's bring in our guests
for today's discussion joining us from
Seoul is BJ Kim a professor with Hankuk
University of Foreign Studies from
Washington DC we have Richard Weitz
director of the center for political
military analysis at the Hudson Hudson
Institute that's a DC based think tank
and also from Seoul c1 ku who's managing
editor of Korea expose a news magazine
gentlemen welcome to you all
VJ Kim if we can start with you
professor what are we to make of that
that New Year's speech from Kim jong-un
is he trying to be or to appear more
statesmen like now perhaps but what's
clear in terms of his intention is to
turn the page from a previous stage
where he totally was focused on
developing the nuclear capability that
could target the United States now as he
seems to be in a situation where he's
very close to achieving that point now
he is turning to turning the page and
trying to move on to the next stage
where he can talk about talks together
with the weapons in his hand so
definitely new gesture for sure so you
don't think he's he's looking for a way
to back down the escalation ladder
escalation well if the ultimate point of
the escalation would be military
confrontation with the United States
that's not what North Korea wants
because that means clearly their
termination but
want to go all the way up to that point
perhaps you know cashing on their
military capability but at this point
what we have to make clear is that he is
moving on to a nukes next stage he was
focused on building his capabilities so
tension was rising up but now because
it's so close to achieving it he wants
to move on to the next stage where he
can make a deal at the table with the
the nuclear weapons in his hand all
right Richard White's this may have been
a propaganda coup for the north joining
this this unified team and sending
representatives to the Winter Olympics
but is it basically designed to drive a
wedge between Washington and Seoul I'm
sure that's the main goal if there may
be others but that's the main objective
this is not a new tactic as the north
will often try and raise tensions and
then try and split the United States
from its allies by being making
consolatory gestures to one side or the
other if anything it's a bit surprising
how long it took the North Korean
government to do this since I had the
election of a president of South Korea
who was more inclined towards
negotiating with the north and his
predecessor and so this is nothing not a
new development not a we've been we've
been here before in the past it hasn't
proved that successful primarily because
the north was unable to make the kind of
concessions needed to really change
South Koreans orientation and I think
that's going to be the same challenge
this time for that for the Pyongyang
Richard the White House welcomed the
announcement that North Korea was going
to participate in the Winter Olympics
but it played down that the significance
of it is the administration though
concerned that but basically this
dilutes its policy of pressuring the
north with sanctions and and threats of
military action
well it's concerned that it could so far
what's been I mean we've just had an
engagement and talks but of the North
Korean objective here is to get the
South Korean government
you start relaxing its economic pressure
resume economic ties with North Korea
put pressure on the United States and
Japan to not put any more sanctions
ideally the end goal for the of the
engagement effort would be for the South
Korean government astronaut States for
example to remove the recent missile
defense batteries that deployed perhaps
will reduce US forces cut back on joint
exercises so so far there's not been any
development that's compromised the u.s.
stance of maximum pressure in
cooperation with Japan South Korea in
other countries but it could easily
develop that way see one coup tens of
thousands of South Koreans it's reported
have signed an online petition urging
president moon to scrap that the plan
for the north to participate in the
Winter Olympics I mean how do people in
the South feel about it well it's not
surprising that there are people who are
against this Korea is a very
ideologically divided country at the
moment you can effectively say it's 50
percent conservative 50 percent liberal
and many people here do believe that
North Korea is a threat and it is a
country that does not have the best
interest of South Korea and its heart we
have seen the kind of provocations the
threats over the years and it's become
quite clear to South Koreans that
although there are many common interests
that the two Koreas need to pursue at
the same time there needs to be a great
deal of caution in dealing with North
Korea and to go by the kind of public
reactions that we have seen since the
announcements that North Korea is indeed
participating in the Olympics there's
actually been a lot of public anger here
over the perception that perhaps Seoul
has gone too far in making these
gestures of goodwill for example the
fact that South and North are going to
have a joint women's hockey team that
news has been received with a great deal
of anger because they think this is
coming at the expense of very
hardworking South Korean athletes who
may potentially lose
spots in the game for political reasons
so politically does this this harm or
strengthen president moon what are the
dangers for him well he did came coming
to power or promising to improve
relations with North Korea and at the
time there was so much anger aimed at
the previous president Park geun-hye who
is now facing a criminal trial for
corruption
it really wasn't such a big issue but
now that he has come into power and just
almost as immediately after he came into
office we began to see these threats and
hostile gestures from North Korea and
certainly that put him in a very
difficult position and he certainly has
been on the same page as America when it
comes to endorsing and calling for a
much stronger sanctions as North Korea
and in fact what we have seen from the
public is quite a bit of support for
this and the engagement even though this
is something president promised coming
into power is actually not being
received with as much enthusiasm from
the public as you might anticipate BJ
came you talked about Kim jong-un
wanting to move on to the next stage
what does the North expect to get in
return for for entering into a dialogue
and agreeing to join it but this unified
Olympics team and is it gonna get what
it wants in looking at their
participation in the Olympic Games where
we can presume is this will be just a
starting point and if everything goes as
well as the North Koreans are planning
we could move on to next stage or
political and military talks and
strategic issues could be discussed
there what they could try to do is
propose to our side saying look maybe we
can do something about nuclear weapons
capability development maybe we'll
freeze our development on this side but
in return you will have to do some
serious things in return for that
serious action and North Korea could
propose maybe
you should cut down or even even to stop
the joint military exercise between
South Korea in the United States and
they could even ask for withdrawal of
the US troops from South Korea and in
that case what happens is North Korea
gets what they have wanted all along for
decades
thanks to their success of achieving the
nuclear weapons capability and that's
the worst scenario that conservatives
and national security experts are very
much afraid of in the South at this
point so we are saying Hawks are good
the dialogues are good but we have to be
prepared for that kind of worst case
scenario where North Korea keeps their
nuclear capability claiming that they're
freezing right at the threshold about
shipping full capability of delivering
warheads to the United States and ask
for withdrawal of US troops from South
Korea or other concessions all right
well let's see what Richard Weitz has to
say about that Richard you've got a a
progressive government and so hawkish
administration in Washington where does
all of this leave a u.s. South Korea
relations
I would confirm that as our preview
that's what the previous speaker said is
precisely the worry here in Washington
that North Korea will be able at some
point to make a quote/unquote concession
that you know it won't it will slow down
or freeze the build-up if it's nuclear
forces but but keep them and then we
have to it's going to be as leading to
your question it'll be difficult for the
u.s. to force the South Korean
government to limit its engagement with
North Korea if North Korea offers to
freeze but not eliminate is nuclear
program for now this gap has not
occurred from now the South Korean
government as even we saw a couple days
ago in the Vancouver foreign ministers
conference is insisting on
denuclearization and I think that the US
will try and work to keep that alignment
we've seen president moon change his
campaign rhetoric front and to went
after when he assumed office to take a
firmer stance on these issues
and so we I think this will continue but
there is the danger that it was
mentioned about the North trying to
maneuver to split the allies in order to
obtain its long term objectives of
weakening and undermining the US Korean
alliance were unifying Korea under its
control and threatening other countries
without retaliation and so on and the
nuclear the nuclear weapons at South
North Korea is pursuing is precisely
part of that campaign see when ku is
there a feeling they're in in South
Korea that the the US could no longer be
fully trusted Trump's belligerents on
North Korea as well as his threats to
walk out of America's free trade deal
with with Seoul is there a feeling
perhaps that it's time away at time to
move away from reliance on the u.s. away
from from the partnership well that is
certainly what many experts in
Washington talk about the American
administration as being afraid of and it
is a very good question of you to ask
because in fact every time there is this
liberal or center-left government in
power in South Korea Washington is very
cautious and pays a great deal of
attention to any sign that this
government may be less invested in the
military alliance with the US as perhaps
the conservative administration's in
South Korea might be because from the
point of view of South Korean
conservatives this alliance with the
u.s. is of paramount importance this is
what keeps South Korea safe from North
Korean threat and it must be preserved
at all cost but if you talk to the
Liberals there are reservations about
the utility of this alliance especially
in the current climate where there are
indications coming from Washington that
what perhaps the Donald Trump
administration might ultimately want is
to use military option against North
Korea and there will mean there will be
sacrifices incurred on the part of South
Koreans as well so in fact we have heard
at least one advisor to the president
one day
in saying quite publicly although he did
say this is his own private opinion that
war needs to be stopped even if there is
damage to the Alliance and also one of
the things that the administration is
pursuing certainly is building up the
military capability of South Korea so
that there can be less dependence on the
US military which unfortunately has been
has come to be seen as something that is
very integral for the national defense
in the minds of many South Koreans here
BJ came to Utah to pick up on on that
point we heard about the split between
liberals and conservatives in South
Korea is it perhaps not so much the u.s.
that some Koreans have lost faith in but
but its president perhaps so and we need
time to see how the division will pan
out later on but at this point indeed
there is a clear difference in terms of
ideas in terms of how we understand the
United States but regarding the point
about concerns about the United States I
mean you know whether we can trust the
United States there is a different
dimension of the same question existing
in the minds of conservatives that is if
North Korea reaches a point where they
have a full capability of delivering
nuclear weapons to US cities will us
come to rescue South Korea when North
Korea tries to subjugate South Korea
with their military means if that means
North Korea could actually hit back you
know and destroy US cities is the United
States going to still be willing to help
South Korea so that's the fear of the
collapse of extended deterrence on the
side of the United States the long held
the decades long security guarantee and
that's the fear of nuclear weapons fear
about North Korea's nuclear weapons
capabilities so we do have that trust
issue in a very different kind of
dimension regarding US capability and
willingness to help South Korea so
that's a very important point to keep in
mind and while keeping those concerns in
mind conservatives at the same time also
advocate
perhaps we should strengthen our
independent defense capability so that
we will over time gradually reduce the
reliance on the United States and that
could be actually best interest for the
United States and best thing to do to
protect American citizens as well when
South Korea have enough military
capability and even possibly some
conservatives say if we have our own
nuclear capability we could protect
ourselves better and we could actually
protect US citizens lives better so all
those different thinking's are going on
at this point all right Richard Weitz is
is the u.s. gonna be wanting to help
South Korea ad infinitum
I just want to build on those really two
excellent points for our previous
speakers how I would encapsulate this is
there's a challenge in a lot any kind of
alliance between entrapment and
abandonment so our one of our speakers
is concerned that the u.s. will entrap
the South Korea in a war with North
Korea and that pushes on to try and
distance himself from the United States
and cane independent means of
decision-making whereas the other point
of view is a fear that the US will
abandon the South Korea abandoned the
ally this could be because for example
North Korea has a nuclear missile that's
able to attack a u.s. city so the North
Koreans could attack South Korea and
save the United States if you intervene
we will destroy Los Angeles and so on
and this is a common challenge we've
seen with with United States alliances
since the last half century that if
another country a potential aggressor
has a nuclear weapon will the u.s. be
willing to go to war to defend a
European country an Asian country some
Ally at the risk of place in its own
homeland making it vulnerable to attack
by the aggressor this is the extended
deterrence challenge so far it's it's
never been provoked they guarantee
is seen as potentially operable and
that's enough to keep an aggressor via
the Soviet Union the Cold War or China
North Korea from attacking a US ally and
testing that but it is it's not easy to
do that it's easier to say you will
strike back for a nuclear attack on
yourself not for some other country and
so that's the challenge we're gonna face
in this alliance management going
forward all right gentlemen we're
rapidly running out of time I would get
in to more questions before we finish c1
ku is the fact that North Korea is
engaging at the moment in dialogue proof
that that sanctions against it are
working well the headed certainly how
Donald Trump has made it sound like if
we were cold but if we are to go by the
tweet that he sent out not long after
this dialogue initiative began he said I
showed will I showed strength this is
what poor North Korea to the table that
is one way to look at it if you were to
look at it from the perspective of
progressives they would say it's not
from who and his threats that really
provided an opportunity for this
conversation whether it's the current
Korean government that really opened the
door because it is the one who invited
North Korea to participate in
Pyeongchang Olympics on multiple
occasions a dozen times if I'm not
mistaken so it is that consistent I
guess invitation or gesture of goodwill
that has made the difference I think the
at least on the official level what you
hear from the government is that it is a
combination of both international
community rally together to put pressure
on North Korea and heighten these
sanctions and while at the same time
South Korea made an effort to lead this
door for dialogue open so that North
Korea would know even though it seems
like it's being threatened from all
sides there are people here who are
willing to engage in dialogue so the
government certainly can also claim
success to some extent but there's also
the possibility that America can claim
credit for what is happening
right and BJ Kim at the moment we're
seeing this this hint perhaps of of the
possibility of a diplomatic Thor in in
relations but what happens in a few
months time what happens when the
South's war games with its allies
resumed or if there there were to be a
change of government in Seoul change of
government I don't think that's gonna be
coming in about four years time but
anyway what happens after the games
that's a big question and as we
mentioned at the beginning of this
program there is that worst scenario
that many of us are keeping in mind at
this point North Korea coming say okay
we're gonna freeze out for nuclear
weapons development so in return reduce
your US troops from there we draw them
or reduce the size of military exercise
in order to avoid that I think what we
saw happening in Vancouver recently
among the Ministerial within the militia
meeting was an effort being made in
order to increase sanctions and in my
own personal view if we can increase
level of sanctions the that high level
of sanction can be used as a bargaining
chip at the table instead of the
question of withdrawal of US troops from
South Korea or reduction of joint
military exercise being used as the
bargaining chip as North Korea intense
so I think we should continue on our
efforts to increase the sanctions so
that we can have fair and balanced
negotiation if that can happen after the
game gentlemen then I'm afraid we will
have to end it many thanks indeed to
being with us BJ Cambridge whites and
Siwon who as always thank you for
watching don't forget you can see the
program again at any time just by going
to the website at Al Jazeera comm for
further discussion on this issue please
join us at our facebook page at
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story and you can join the conversation
on twitter our handle at aj inside story
from me adrienne Finnegan and the team
here in Doha thanks for watching we'll
see you again bye for now
you
