a perfect cone is how many here describe
Mount Mayon thousands traveled to the
Luzon region to see the volcano up close
but for the people of Albay the volcano
is more than just a tourist attraction
it is also a source of anxiety it's been
spewing ash and lava for the past week
prompting the mass evacuation of
thousands of villagers such as the
family of Rommel and divine Myranda they
are now staying in this evacuation
center having grown up in a village on
the slope of the volcano
they've lost count of how many times
they've fled danger they now consider
themselves professional evacuees we
leave her life Lee hood behind we sleep
here it's uncomfortable but we know we
have to obey the authorities will
forcefully evacuate us anyway just like
many places across the country the
province of Albay often bears the brunt
of natural disasters it's facing the
Pacific Ocean so it's prone to typhoons
and erupting volcanoes because it lies
along the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire
but the province is considered the most
prepared when it comes to emergency
response we all these aim for zero class
well-being and like what you said during
times we can prepare for it but further
my own when it erupts we never know
looking at the present situation we
still have always to innovate because
there's always it's not always the same
thousands of Filipinos live below Mount
Mayon and depend on agriculture for
their livelihood this village is empty
and people are making sure it stays that
way into the danger passes we strive for
zero casualties even if we have to
forcibly extricate people from here
some of them insist on coming back to
look after their crops and their
livestock we worry about that stop pile
of ash and lava up there this is as far
as we can go just right at the six
kilometer danger zone local officials
tell us they have not seen the volcano
this restive the smoke coming out of the
bottom part of the volcano is
that just flowed moments ago no one died
in the last major eruption of Mount
Mayon four years ago that does little to
appease people here they doubt whether
the preparations will be enough to
withstand nature's unbridled fury Jamel
Allen dogging al-jazeera Albay province
Eastern Philippines
