some call it the business of death the
worldwide arms trade is booming and the
number of dead from Wars gun battles and
armed gang crime is rising with
thousands killed every day is it
possible for governments to control
powerful companies that dominate the
global weapons market this is inside
story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan when it comes to
global arms trades and deals the scenes
play out pretty formulaic ly politicians
shaking hands a joint press releases
issued and an astronomical amount of
money is spent what often isn't
mentioned though is the companies that
are profiting from such deals and
weather parties that sell arms to
governments are complicit if they use
them to commit serious human rights
abuses whether it's war planes ships
missiles tanks or guns of all sizes the
international arms trade is big business
in every sense Amnesty International
says that military expenditure for
countries worldwide in 2016 was 1.7
trillion dollars 375 billion of that on
buying arms specifically the United
States China France Russia and the UK
sell more than 70% of all weapons
manufactured worldwide and they're all
permanent members of the UN Security
Council the world body that's charged
with maintaining international peace and
security
at least a quarter of conventional
weapons sales are to the Middle East and
North Africa and the human cost 2.2
million people killed in conflicts
worldwide since the end of the Cold War
in 1989 so which companies are making
the big bucks in the global arms trade
well of the top 10 defense companies by
sale seven of them are based in the
United States Lockheed Martin is number
one with 41 billion dollars worth of
sales in 2016 3 I European Airbus group
BAE Systems and Leonardo in Italy much
to discuss on today's program let's
bring in our guests right now joining us
from London Lloyd Russell moil who's a
UK member of parliament with the
opposition Labour Party from Lancaster
via Skype
Tim Ripley an independent defense and
security analyst but also in London is
Ben Moore's a senior defence and
aviation analyst with IHS Jane's which
covers global defence procurement
defense exports and commercial aviation
gentlemen welcome to you all
Lloyd Russell moil British sales of
military equipment to Saudi Arabia
topped 1.1 billion pounds in the first
half of 2017 is the UK
quote shamefully profiting from the
conflict in Yemen in which thousands of
civilians have died and millions more
are subjected to famine and disease as
one of your fellow opposition
politicians has put it well the short
answer is yes
not just in 2017 let's go further back
in the year before last over 4 billion
worth of sales and our criteria that is
laid out by the European Union is clear
that a weapon should not be sold when
there is a clear likelihood they will be
used for humanitarian steam Anna terian
law and used for war crimes now the UN
is clear and the EU is clear that what
Saudi Arabia is doing in the Yemen is at
least crimes against humanity in many
respects but Britain continues to issue
licenses one reason because of course it
weakened the license regime a few years
ago and the second because there is
political interference because the
licenses are decided not by an
independent body but by a government
department overseen by a government
minister who has other issues
particularly to think about around the
amount of money that we can get in
rather than actually the amount of
people that are being killed and yet the
argument that that's trotted out time
and time again by ministers and civil
servants in the UK is that Britain
operates one of the most rigorous arms
control export control regimes in the
world and yet the UK continues as you
say to export arms to repressive regimes
countries involved in conflict and has
done for years so can we therefore say
that the UK's government the UK
government's control regimes are
anything but rigorous on paper they look
nice and rigorous and shiny in reality
we know from the latest figures over 2
billion is exported in the last period
to some of the most unfree and
repressive regimes around the world and
that is because there is political
meddling at all levels
the checking process we don't check
against fraud in those companies we
don't check whether those companies and
those sales have breached previous
export licenses we don't even check to
see where the end-users of those weapons
are we look only at the first user let's
compare the UK with Norway and only in
2015 there was a deal that involved a
Norwegian and British company selling
arms to African warlords the Norwegians
prosecuted and have tightened up their
regime the warlords are now in jail and
what does the British what are the
British done we continue to issue export
licenses to that very company that has a
brass plate in London so that is the
example of where it's complete hogwash
to say that we have the strongest export
license procedures in the world on paper
yes in reality they're not worth the
paper they are written on Tim Ripley the
campaign against the arms trade in the
UK says that arms sales don't enhance
security they fuel conflict repression
and they make the world a more dangerous
place for us all are they right well all
those things are very subjective terms
and the history of arms sales to Saudi
Arabia goes back many many decades and
the same weapons that the UK government
sold to Saudi Arabia and they'd been
used in Yemen 25 30 years ago were used
it's part of an international coalition
to liberate Kuwait that they've been
occupied by Iraq and that was an
operation that was mandated and approved
by the UN Security Council and the Saudi
Arabians were part of an international
coalition that was was achieving at what
was called a humanitarian operation and
so you know in that case that everyone
reported the fact the Saudi Arabians
were using British supplied equipment to
liberate the people of Kuwait so you
have to be very subjective about these
terms about when things are sold for use
in human rights abuses they may be sold
many many decades before when the
government of that country was perfectly
friendly and was doing a legally
recognized and and approved activity so
um
armed sales are our partner of
international diplomacy they're part of
international alliances they're part of
statecraft they've been going on for
centuries and we go on for centuries
I'm just because at a moment in time the
Saudi Arabian government is doing
something that certain parts of the
British political classes disapprove of
doesn't mean that in two years time 10
years time the Saudi Arabians will do
something that we applaud so you know
this is a thing of the moment if it will
pass it will go away so you have to be
very careful about using very emotive
language in these circumstances but a
bit is the arms trade something that
that's that the five permanent members
of the UN Security Council has any
business being involved in I mean is it
ethical in any sense is there any moral
justification for it right well first of
all the right of self-defense is
enshrined in the UN Charter sovereign
states have a right to defend themselves
to equip their Armed Forces and to repel
attacks on their borders and they're
entitled under international water by
whatever weapons they want to fulfill
those aims now countries it's up to them
if they want to sell arms to sovereign
countries to defend themselves most
countries in fact almost every country
in the world now regulates the sale of
arms that they have to get approval of
their governments the the era of you
know uncontrolled arms sales dates back
to in a pre-world War one and now most
countries in fact almost every country
in the world with any kind of defense
industry they have to get approval of
their government to sell to a foreign
government syringe so that their sales
are aligned with the interests of their
home countries foreign policy now there
are different rules in different
countries some countries impose quite
strict criteria or they try and have
sort of quasi independent oversight of
these sales but it's up to each country
to set its own rules there's no
international
configure a treaty that says you can't
sell arms
there are various qualifications on
circumstances the UN Security Council
can impose arms in Barca's which are
legally enforceable and other nations
are bound to abide by them but unless
the UN Security Council imposes the
embargo on selling arms to Saudi Arabia
it's up to individual countries what
they do Ben laws in London
thanks for waiting patiently I'm a
feeling you're gonna say money here but
but it's not just the UK Wyatt why are
some governments the u.s. France Russia
China Israel also committed to their
their defense industries well I think
there's two factors here I think firstly
it's let's divide the market up into I
think small arms which cause you know
90% plus worth of casualties in a
conflict and you know platform and
systems mission systems you know and
there's the small arms market well you
know that's it's about 80 countries in
the world which can supply some alarms
now we have no real control over them
for the large platforms well if you
don't sell into them you know Russia and
China and it's increasingly China have
viable alternatives and of course if you
remove yourself from a global supply
chain for defense then you will and you
want to continue to protect democracies
and your allies then you are looking at
your pence costs doubling at least
doubling because you know you wouldn't
be involved in you know key programs you
won't be able to offset your costs have
something no program no large vital
programs just simply wouldn't be viable
Ben I read somewhere today in the name
of creating American jobs and keeping
American companies at the top of that of
that list of the top ten arms
manufacturers the president Trump is is
perhaps going to loosen regulations on
the Americans weapons industry and yet
the number of jobs in the arms industry
as a whole is in long-term decline is
that right well okay so if he does
deregulate it won't make any difference
because the American market is so large
relative to American exports it's you
know American you know American exports
are some like 17
billion dollars a year you know you said
earlier Lockheed Martin does 41 billion
you know the US market is worth you know
hundreds of millions so it's a very
small part of their overall thing
finally even if he does deregulate he's
alienated so many potential customers
that the it is probably gonna see a
downturn in sales Lloyd Russell moil
what do you make of the fact that the
the five permanent members of the
Security Council are responsible for
something like 70% of the global arms
trade that's that's somewhat perverse
isn't it it is very worrying that that
the Security Council the people who are
meant to be bringing peace to the world
are also the people selling death
machines to the world and let's be very
clear it is that there is a EU a set of
criteria that we are meant to be
following there are international
agreements around the sales of certain
classes of weapons and time and time
again we see British companies involved
in that where they are floating at those
rules but it is only 2011 was the last
prosecution absolutely no activity in
enforcement here in the UK and I suspect
that is very much the same picture in
the other Security Council countries Tim
the UN's arms trade treaty has been
enforced what for three years now and
yet many signatory states continue to
sell arms to governments that are
accused of committing serious human
rights abuses maybe a naive question
here but why is that why isn't the
treaty working well because one man's
human rights abuse is another man's
freedom fighter there are there's the
the definition of what is a war crime is
very very fluid and you have the
International Criminal Court which is
supposed to prosecute war criminals and
it hasn't actually prosecuted very many
war criminals so lots of countries are
prepared to ignore the alleged abuses
in the interests of their national
interest now we have in the UN Security
Council they may impose sanctions that
are legally enforceable and nations are
required to impose impose them but you
know you have veto powers by the US
China UK France who can use those veto
powers to protect their friends now
those veto powers and the UN Security
Council is the main venue where real
sanctions can be imposed on some states
for doing things that will disapprove
off and unless the UN Security Council
is going to impose a a arms embargo on
Saudi Arabia all those other treaties
are you know you could call them second
order issues they are moral indignation
but they they have they do not have the
same impact under international law now
in in the case of of Iraq
you know they had arms embargo imposed
on them by the UN Security Council and
countries respected them and countries
and individuals that breached them were
prosecuted quite considerably in the
United Kingdom so the UK has quite a
robust process for enforcing UN Security
Council mandated sanctions and takes
them very seriously I mean there are
cases of of prosecutions involving Iran
and countries that have UN Security
Council imposed sanctions
so until countries are prepared to take
their their concerns that the UNC
Community Council and get that body to
back them it is moral indignation rather
than practical politics then you talked
about this argument you know if we're
not selling arms and doing it
responsibly then someone else will and
perhaps less so who controls the arms
market particularly that you talked
about the small arms market and the
damage that that small arms do to people
worldwide is the collusion
between the major powers about who sells
what and and and can that the arms trade
truly ever be controlled it can't be
controlled and there's no collusion no
you can't it's very very difficult to
track you know what a company in Serbia
or China or Pakistan or Sri Lanka or
Russia and who they're selling you know
right rifles - it's it's extremely
difficult to do that you've got to
remember that these countries with would
think that sort of oversight or that
somehow this was a bad thing they were
thinking maybe they might even find that
amusing and you're gonna remember that
that's where the trade is coming from
it's not coming from the UK where you
know something like point less less than
0.1 percent of UK exports are in that
category in terms of dollar value you
know it's an irrelevant part of the
market for us especially and that's for
the rest of the west as well because we
can't compete on cost and there are and
we are regulated it's it's too costly to
look into Ben we talked about President
Trump perhaps loosening regulations on
the American weapons industry how many
of those American weapons are going to
eventually end up in the wrong hands I
think that it's it's a fallacy to
believe that somehow the you know major
mission systems or platforms can be
simply passed around you know aircraft
have tens of thousands of components and
you need them all to be able to fly that
you can't hide them you can't simply
pass these on to third parties as some
you know it's not like you know boxes in
the back of a crate and this you you
need suppliers to be able to provide you
with the components just look at the
Iranians in the iran-iraq war and it's
it's it's you know when you start
getting up to you know and major systems
which is the bulk of the market in
dollar terms I mean we're gonna say the
bog I mean ninety percent plus that you
you simply can't conceal that sort of
that that's the end of the market right
Lloyd do you want to come in on that I
mean does that make everything okay then
that the Britain is only selling big
weapons systems well two points to make
first of all I totally agree it's a very
small arm sales in terms of British
exports is very small that is a
reason to stop treating it like it was a
major industry that needs protecting and
start treating it like the pariah it
should be secondly at the idea that
maybe China or Russia or wherever will
sell arms as well so we might as well do
it is a complete false economy it is a
false economy in terms of life now let's
let's boil this down to it the street
it's like saying well down the road
there's someone that's that that's
committed and mugging so we might as
well do it anyway now that's not how law
and order at the national level or the
international level works and I'm afraid
it's a very dangerous slippery slope if
we just say well someone else's is doing
nasty immoral things well why don't we
just go down that route as well and the
other the final point to say is Britain
regulates not just arms that are
produced in Britain and then exported
out of Britain but every single British
person who is involved in the brokerage
of arms so if there is a British person
involved in selling arms from Russia to
Syria for example or from you know kind
of from America to to somewhere in Latin
America and there were British people
involved in that they need to be
licensed and that is also what is
failing and that is something that we
could have a great control in preventing
British people in the sale and resale of
small arms and ammunitions which you
know you kill that most people but we
need to stop regulate we're running out
of time here I need a brief answer from
you if you can give me one when arms
sales are prioritized over arms control
when business and jobs take precedence
over suffering and human rights in
foreign policy and when narrow and some
might say dangerous visions of security
dominate public discourse isn't it time
to argue that the arms industry has
undue access to and influence over
public policymakers and governments
particularly there in Britain totally
correct and that's why we need
independent regulators not ministers
deciding the rules and then regulating
the rules totally right Tim one thing we
haven't touched upon here is is
corruption
to what extent is is corruption a factor
in the arms trade worlds worldwide and
who's involved well this is a major
problem in certain regions of the world
particularly in Africa and the Middle
East where you have countries that have
no what you'd call accountable
governments that have their budgets
approved by Parliament's or in any kind
of legislature and in these countries
there is apt opportunity for abuse you
have small elites running these
countries and their public policy
decisions are made on whims which are
vulnerable to influence by various means
whether it's it whether it's through the
payment of cash or awarding of a
contract to buy large mass of oil from
the country in return for the selling of
defense equipment or other political
alliance so in certain parts of the
world activity that can be described as
corruption or is it just in America they
call it pork barrel politics or is it
just redistribution of resources I mean
these things these are words that are
very difficult to pin down and what is
the you know described as corruption the
arms trade is very much linked to
countries that don't have independent
financial oversight of their countries
budgetary process very very briefly Ben
was talking about the fact that that's
you know big weapons systems aren't
easily transferable but it is a case
that is the fact that particularly when
it comes to small arms weapons that were
sold quite legitimately and under
license responsibly you could say do end
up in the wrong hands don't they Oh
indeed that they are the most bit
seepage these are weapons which can be
you know put on a crate in the back of a
truck or a ship or a plane and a ship
somewhere else it they are endemic in
African conflicts with walls and
smuggling and
Candace and you have obviously you have
armed forces that are I know pulley paid
and and there's the soldiers sell off
the stuff all the officers sell off the
stuff as a means to you know to eat so
the these this the small arms sector is
the one where seepage and sales and
corruption are most endemic aspect of
particularly at a low level as you call
it cash corruption right Ben one final
question and you need to be briefed if
you can Norway has stopped selling arms
to the UAE over fears that those weapons
might be used in Yemen if if they can do
it why can't the UK UK could could could
do it and have to find a good
justification for it you'd have to weigh
up the pros of balances because you
don't want to necessarily alienate a
partner who is is fighting against
Islamic extremism you have to the the
problem of the arms trade is this
complex and we have to use the arms
trade to support our partners that we've
been threatened by Russia maybe by China
and we have to use it to you know these
perhaps destabilize people who are
threatening our friends and we have to
use this way of being able to leverage
because once you've pulled that plug you
can no longer do it so if we pull the
plug over Yemen and we alienate the
Saudis and next they go buy Chinese
weapons then there's nothing we can do
and for Saudi Arabia has a revolution
like Iran did and we and and and we we
have no leverage over them at all the
Chinese will keep selling them equipment
that doesn't mean it's right to sell it
it just means that it's better for us to
have control and when it's appropriate
pull that plug all right gentlemen many
thanks indeed good to talk to you Lloyd
Russell moil Tim Ripley and Ben Morris
thank you too for watching the program
don't forget you can see it again at any
time just by going to the website at
aljazeera.com
for further discussion on this issue
join us at our facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story or you could join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at aj inside
story from me adrian Finnegan and the
whole team here in Doha thanks for
watching we'll see you again bye
you
you
