it's becoming a familiar sight
hermocrates activists and former student
leaders in court to face charges
stemming from the so called umbrella
occupy protests four years ago one of
the best-known faces of Hong Kong's
democracy movement Joshua Wong is facing
more jail time this time for three
months after pleading guilty to criminal
contempt the other activist sentenced to
four and a half months prison is Raphael
Wong he's now the vice chairman of her
pro-democracy party the government is
using law as a tool against protesters
and to punish activists thinking will
solve political problems that's a real
contempt of court in all 16
demonstrators were arrested in November
2014 for refusing to leave a protest
zone being cleared by police the High
Court judge said even though Joshua Wong
had only spent 19 minutes in the protest
area his involvement in obstructing the
clearance operation was deep and
extensive the judge said therefore the
only appropriate punishment was
immediate imprisonment a series of
trials stemming from the 2014
pro-democracy demonstrations have been
held in the past year and many more are
scheduled this year so far about a
hundred leading activists are in jail
are facing the prospect of prison
sentences
critics say the prosecutions are an
attempt to stifle Hong Kong's democracy
movement the 79 day-long demonstrations
in 2014 defines Hong Kong's fight for
democracy the other 14 activists in
court received suspended sentences or
finds only Joshua Wong and Raphael Wong
remained politically active they are
also the only two who are going to jail
criminal contempt is obviously a serious
matter but I'm also surprised at the
same time at the length that these young
guys would be getting that would mean
and then to their political a Korean
aspiration and at the time when Hong
Kong need these young people to be in
Parliament to be doing political
advocacy for Hong Kong
Joshua Wong's known as one of Hong
Kong's first political prisoners he's
already spent two months locked up on
separate charges and as he heads back to
jail it's a label that's not likely to
go away
Deborah Palin al Jazeera Hong Kong
