these were the seas eight years ago when
South Africa hosted the World Cup and in
eight years the continent could once
again welcome football's biggest
showpiece Morocco has surprised everyone
with their last-minute bid to organize
the 2026 edition and the man in charge
of African football has given the
country he's full backing since we seem
alive this is our hope and our dreams
because it is unfair that a great
continent like Africa has only been
allowed to organize One World Cup in a
century I think it is legitimate for us
to want one of our countries to make
this commitment and I myself as a
president I'm committed to join in this
piece 2026 edition is the first expanded
World Cup consisting of 48 countries
this newly renovated mohamed v Stadium
here in casablanca could be a showpiece
venue but morocco has to prove it can
handle such a big event
it's building a good track record right
now by hosting the continent second
biggest tournament the African nations
championship it's also staged the bigger
Africa Cup of Nations and the
francophone games which featured 1700
elites and although Morocco faces a
stiff competition from a joint USA
Canada and Mexico bid there's confidence
within the country that they can deliver
the debate which we are facing is is is
very hard you know we are competing
against strong economies we are
competing against America Canada and
Mexico but then as I said voting system
has changed a lot of things have changed
Morocco also has has changed during the
last year's basically in terms of
infrastructure we are we are seen were
more developments in Morocco the North
African country has already had four
failed bids we see that Morocco has
perfectly organized the African nations
championship and it can host the World
Cup in 2026 Moroccan football is on the
rise Russia 2018 will be the first World
Cup for 20 years
and they'll be hoping they can make it
fifth time lucky with this bit San Hamas
al-jazeera
Casablanca Morocco
