so far their chance of freedom for the
prisoners have been ignored as
Catalonia's Parliament in Barcelona
reopens handful of elected separatist
politicians remain in jail others fled
abroad with these demonstrations we are
trying to keep we can say the flame you
know burning if someone thinks that
Catalan will give up they don't know
Catalans the first task for members of
Parliament on Wednesday is to choose a
parliamentary speaker next a vote is
needed for the new head of the Catalan
government but it's complicated Madrid
shut down this Parliament last October
and arrested Catalan leaders for
rebellion after they held a referendum
to break away from the rest of Spain in
a snap election last month the citizens
party which favors remaining part of
Spain emerged as the biggest single
party but a coalition of separatist
parties seem certain to form a ruling
majority ahead of the new session of
parliament separatist politicians headed
into closed-door meetings their key
concerns seem to be how to press ahead
with the goal of breaking away from
Spain obstacles are a constant issue we
will have to look for new solutions but
we have never rejected the idea of
negotiations but the only thing that the
Spanish state offers us is prison exile
and direct rule the ousted Catalan First
Minister Carlos Bustamante remains in
self-imposed exile in Belgium judges
warn he will be arrested if he returns
to take his seat in the Catalan
parliament separatist parties say they
will try to reinstate pues de Montes
First Minister but the pro unity
citizens party fears that would
aggravate the crisis the separatist
parties are used to breaking the law so
it's difficult to know exactly what they
will do next
mr. Putterman lives in a parallel
universe like in the movie The Matrix
even in Madrid groups of schoolchildren
continue to tour Parliament this week
learn how the ornate building began as a
weapons and ammunition store none of the
guys were predicting what might happen
in the next chapter on Catalonia's
political battle Karl Penhaul al Jazeera
Barcelona Spain
