after years of conflict and poverty
millions of Palestinians rely on Unruh
they will be devastated by this
announcement they should not cut to aid
people here are sick and poor and have
nothing to support themselves people
here can't afford to buy bread so why
does the US say it's taking this action
it has long been a concern of this
administration a year under the
administration about Unruh and how it
handles itself and how it manages its
money unruhe the UN relief and Works
Agency for Palestinian refugees to give
it its full title is one of the oldest
agencies in the UN system founded almost
70 years ago the US has been its biggest
funder providing money for among other
things clinics schools and social
services for Palestinians beyond the
borders of the territory long disputed
by Palestinians and Israelis in
neighboring countries Jordan and Lebanon
it is Unruh not the UN refugee agency
UNHCR that helps Palestinians living in
camps news of the cuts to the agency's
funding started to emerge as a news
conference by the UN secretary-general
was underway in New York it's clear
Antonio Guterres was not given advance
notice by Washington I mean I've been in
close contact we don't draw but what you
are saying now I was not yet informed
know something that I do not know
because I mean it's impossible to
accompany things by the minute
until I was informed there was no
official notification of the position
but it might have happened there is a
political as well as humanitarian
dimension to this president Trump has
said he hopes to get the deal of the
century between the Israelis and the
Palestinians and yet this announcement
hot on the heels of his recognition of
Jerusalem as the Israeli capital has
alienated one side making efforts to get
the peace process back on track harder
than ever
James BAE's al Jazeera at the United
Nations
