amid the worst humanitarian crisis in
the world what could be a sliver of hope
these four tadano cranes which have just
arrived at her data port in Yemen funded
by the United States Agency for
International Development will
significantly increase the offloading
capacity here at the port ease
congestion and improve ultimately
improve delivery of humanitarian and
other supplies to people who desperately
needed across Yemen the saudi-led
coalition fighting Houthi rebels in
northern Yemen is promising to allow the
cranes to begin offloading food medicine
and other basic necessities
there have been guarantees before but
aid hasn't always flowed it can't come
soon enough which the vast majority in
what used to come and it is also located
to the majority of the Yemeni population
the International Committee of the Red
Cross stresses however that while Aid is
arriving in Yemen it's not coming quick
enough in the city of Thais
dozens of protesters demonstrated
against what they said is government
negligence government leaders are
accused of failing to control the
collapse of the national currency or
protect Yemenis from rising food prices
humanitarian agencies cannot bring fuel
and food and medicine for a whole
country what we need is for commercial
imports to come in and the level of
those remains sadly insufficient at this
stage the poorest country in the Middle
East is facing multiple crises the worst
cholera epidemic ever recorded and a
diphtheria outbreak that is spreading
quickly in a country with some of the
highest rates of malnutrition in the
world and where more than 8 million
people are on the brink of famine a new
report by UNICEF details how children
have been scarred by war and says that
since the escalate
of the conflict in March 2015 3 million
children have been born in Yemen that's
approximately 3,000 everyday UNICEF says
more than 11 million Yemeni children
need humanitarian assistance just one of
the many reasons why few believe the
suffering of the Yemeni people will end
anytime soon
Mohammed jim-jim al-jazeera
