the yellow forensic markers show where
Oliver Ivanovich fell the 64 year old
shot at least five times outside his
party headquarters in the town of Mitra
vit sir he was rushed to hospital but
doctors couldn't save him The Killing
appears well-planned
with no witnesses and the speculation a
silencer may have muffled the sound of
the gunshots and avoided drawing
attention but the repercussions were
quickly felt all across Europe in the
Serbian capital Belgrade the country's
president and Prime Minister convened
the National Security Council was sort
of eerie the state of Serbia considers
this act an act of terrorism and we will
treat it as such the Kosovan government
also convened its Security Council and
warned against speculating about motive
in US this was a shock for all of us
particularly for Kosovo Serbs it is very
important that as soon as possible we
have the answer on who did this and in
Brussels as news of the murder emerged
the latest round of EU mediated talks
between Serbia and Kosovo were abruptly
called off it's also paramount
importance that the situation remains
calm and it's important that all sides
are shown restraint so that the rule of
law and justice can take its course
despite Serbia losing control of Kosovo
after the 1999 war some fifty thousand
ethnic Serbs still live in northern
Kosovo and the town of metro visa
remained starkly divided between serve
and ethnic Albanian areas after the war
oliver ivanovitch came to prominence as
a relative moderate among the mainly
ultra-nationalist kosovo serve
leadership he was a central figure in
the post-war talks involving NATO the UN
and the EU in 2016 though he was
convicted of war crimes linked to the
killings of four ethnic Albanians
although a retrial was ordered last year
and at the time of his death Ivanovich
was actually free on bail in July his
car was set on fire though no one was
injured
now his murder raises serious tensions
in a region where M not ease were
already delicately balanced a twelve
thousand dollar reward has been offered
for information leading
- the killer's Paul Brennan al-jazeera
