tensions have increased and tensions
have eased but the trains and trucks
have continued to roll at the friendship
bridge in Dandong some of the essential
food and supplies that keeps North Korea
going arrives from China 90 percent of
North Korea's trade is with China while
Chinese leaders say they fully implement
UN sanctions they seem equally
determined not to allow North Korea to
collapse the hope is that over time or
North Korea might be able to adapt well
still manage to survive so China won't
take abrupt measures to completely cut
off North Korea despite sanctions
there's evidence that some North Korean
businesses such as restaurants and
hotels that should have been closed have
stayed open from China's perspective now
is not the time for tougher measures
with the resumption of talks between
North and South Korea Beijing wants to
encourage the signs of a thaw
North Korea and South Korea have started
talking the Olympics will be held at the
start of next month I'm not sure a China
has the political motivation to impose
further severe sanctions the fear for
China is that just as there's a hint of
an improvement in relations with North
Korea the US and its allies are
preparing to ratchet up the pressure and
that will only harden Pyongyang's
position the North Korean leadership say
nuclear missiles capable of hitting the
u.s. are needed for survival against
hostile powers more threats from the US
and its allies might give leader Kim
jong-un the justification to speed up
the weapons program not slow it down
Rob mcbride al Jazeera Beijing
