simone biles was one of the most
recognizable faces of the 2016 Olympic
Games in Rio de Janeiro then 19 years
old she won four gold medals in
gymnastics but for a career that's been
so public on Monday biles revealed
something that's been hidden
I too am one of the many survivors that
was sexually abused by Larry NASA in
this lengthy post on Twitter she
detailed her emotions attached the
alleged abuse accompanied by the hashtag
me to a symbol against sexual harassment
in recent months
biles added this behavior is completely
unacceptable disgusting and abusive
especially coming from someone whom I
was told to trust
Larry Nasser is facing sentencing in
Michigan State Court this week after
pleading guilty to seven counts of
criminal sexual assault
he was USA gymnastics team doctor from
1996 to 2015 treating athletes at four
Olympic Games and also worked at
Michigan State University for two
decades he's admitted to sexually
abusing young patients under the guise
of medical treatment dating back to 1998
2012 Olympic gold medalists Gabby
Douglas mckayla maroney
and Ally Reisman are also among his
alleged victims make no mistake this is
an American tragedy
it's a tragedy
not only for these women and their
families and the hundreds of other women
he did this to but also for our country
separate lawsuits have been filed
against Michigan State University and
USA Gymnastics accusing them of covering
up crimes NASA is facing a minimum 25
years in prison
the hope is that no one else will ever
need to say me to because of him
Elyse Holman al Jazeera
