across the United States there have been
several events to mark the life of
Martin Luther King at his Memorial in
Washington his son led the commemoration
I'm not here to talk about what has not
happened because we know what has not
happened but what I'm here to do is to
look to the future to figure out how we
as a nation can come together as the
nation that we always have been in
Alabama where the civil rights leader
was in charge of a charts he announced a
new statute to the International icon
this unique memorial only dr. King's
legacy but all the courageous men and
women who stood and fought for civil
rights and justice during the 50s and
60s the president spent the day golfing
in Florida but marked the occasion in a
video message it is the dream of a world
where people are judged by who they are
not how they look or where they come
from but this president still faces
claims he used the vulgar word to refer
to African countries and others during
immigration talks well two Republican
senators said he didn't use the word
fellow Republican Lindsey Graham didn't
deny it was pretty embarrassing when you
have to take your children out of the
room just to report the news Democrat
dick Durbin was thought to be the source
of the leak I know what happened I stand
behind every word that I said there
threatens to derail talks on the
immigration issue known as daca the
policy protecting thousands of
undocumented migrants brought to America
as children the US government is facing
a complete shutdown by Friday unless
there's a deal on spending limits the
Democrats say their position is
absolutely clear No Deal on daca No Deal
on spending Allen Fisher al Jazeera
Washington
