the video shows some of the girls of
babies this girl says they're happy
where they are
we are the chibok girls you have been
crying that we should be released but by
the grace of Allah we will not return
home what some analysts believe the
timing of the release and the intent is
clear most governmental come and
approach it for negotiations and in
number can tell what are those girls we
have voluntary selling thing over there
saying the chibok girls were taken in
2014 two hundred and seventy-six
abducted from their boarding school in
May 2017 H two girls were released after
intense negotiations all in all more
than a hundred have been reunited with
their families over the years although
the government didn't admit to paying a
ransom many Nigerians believe money
changed hands some believed paying the
fighters will help them rearm and carry
on their operations the Nigerian
government assists negotiations are
ongoing to secure the release of the
girls and hundreds of others held by
Boko Haram but while this is going on
the country's military has continued its
operations against the fighters in the
northeast something that could
jeopardize their release parents and
campaigners have identified some of the
girls in the new video saying it's proof
that government needs to do more to
bring them home as far as we're
concerned we hold on to what the girls
that were released said they said that
most of their friends are still alive if
any number of the girls are dead at all
it was such an insane oh I was it was
less number than the kind of numbers
that people had said we're dead despite
government claims of victory Boko Haram
continues turned up to its losses
targeting isolated communities transport
convoys and public places nearly four
years on from their kidnap more than a
hundred chabot girls and hundreds of
other captives
still being held by Boko Haram their
parents left waiting and desperate to
see them again armada trees al-jazeera
Abuja
