I am for me okay today on the stream we
go across the globe catching up with Al
Jazeera correspondent and the stories
they're reporting we are live right now
on YouTube if you have questions for our
journalists put them in the comment
section a Malik and I will do our very
best to get them on the air and Malika
Bilal justice for Zeynep has been
trending on social media for several
days now and there have been protests on
the streets we'll hear the latest on the
investigation in Pakistan will also get
reaction from Ramallah to the more than
1,000 settlement homes recently approved
by the Israeli government but first we
go to a country that we haven't covered
much on the stream Costa Rica where the
homicide rate has risen greatly over the
past few years here's some reaction from
the capital city
ah bueno superior silicon evil national
la la ayuda al fey hoc receiver
demasiado a travel take a Mucha Mucha
Mucha Mucha agua la who n2c oper do
mucho en cuando esto en san perdido en
cuanto a la al a las pandyas la gente
esta team asado Mossad X / D de la
seguridad incremental in quanto a
nosotros evoke ' no este Sonos que estan
rodeo de sanguine to see a querido X /
der a los dem√°s meet en dolo Centro
introduced en dou Y so Vanina Trivette a
de de los car trip in Puerto del at
rogas yeah in brad.leah in Rio solare
monte de mon we say gurus I write the
time down in my Tanza Mucha gente SE los
mexicanos a me tienen a key in Costa
Rica no loss control nikomina-sama
theorem yeah entonces a confirming a
crazy us a crazy all over that Anita me
and Chrissy Ola a new group its campus
Costa Rica and a 2017 recording its
highest-ever murder rate according to
preliminary data the Central American
nation of 5 million so approximately six
hundred and three homicides last year
that's out from 578 in 2016
authorities blamed score settling
between gangs and drug trafficking for
the increase
Oh two zeros Andy Gallagher joins us now
live from San Jose Costa Rica welcome to
the stream and D I want to start here
with this face of a comment we got from
Ruben who says I'm concerned that this
is partially a result of gang-related
violence from neighboring countries
spilling over as people from those
countries have often used Costa Rica as
a haven from their own authorities so
some pontificating there from Ruben but
I want to know you our thoughts why are
we seeing this rising number now well
very basically it's because those
traditional routes were cocaine came
from have changed traditionally they
went over the Florida Straits they used
various different routes now it's coming
through Central America and I have to
say this story first piqued my interest
back
in 2013 I began to hear these reports of
drugs entering into Costa Rica of gang
members joining with cartel so I went up
to the border with Nicaragua and saw
firsthand what locals tell me were votes
of drug runners going up and down the
coast I heard stories of people finding
big packets of cocaine on the beach or
you know poor youth suddenly having gold
watches the next day so it's been
happening since around 2012 steadily
ticking up over those years but
obviously 2017 was historically the
largest number of murders they've ever
seen and were two weeks into 2018 now
and we've already had 25 murders so it's
average averaging out to about 1.6
murders every day but to put things into
perspective and I think this is
important Costa Rica is a very safe
country remember people here talk about
porto vida the pure life it's known for
waterfalls ziplining volcanoes and
overawed it is very safe if you look at
the northern triangle Nicaragua El
Salvador and Honduras in 2015 no three
countries combined had 17,000 murders
and and their murder rate per 100,000 is
it is around 103 compared to the 12.1 or
whatever is here in Costa Rica so I
think that's important to put things in
perspective but things are on the rise
in it is worrying people as you saw from
the people we talked to here on the
streets in San Jose and it was just
looking back at that report you did in
May oh goodness five years ago almost
five years ago and I'm just wondering if
authorities the police at that time had
an idea that this may well be the
problem coming up I think they did I
mean what you have to remember about
Costa Rica is you know it's so peaceful
and stable here that they disbanded
their army in 1948 I think the big
challenge for the the police forces here
are to really get a grip around
something they're not used to tackling
they're not used to dealing with gang
violence they're not used to dealing
with losing their youth to the cartels
because there's money there for them so
what they're talking about here are a
couple of different approaches and
remember the general election the
presidential elections are coming up
next month so some of the candidates are
taking very different approaches to this
there's talk of involving the youth more
in
cultural projects and getting them away
from these gangs in any way possible
what they really need to get a handle
around this because it is worrying
people on the streets and it isn't
something they're used to doing I did
speak to the police when I was up near
the border with Nicaragua and they
showed me some of their training videos
so there have been aware of it for the
last few years it's just since the time
I was here before and I've been a few
times in between those numbers just keep
going up and it is really becoming
something of deep concern to ordinary
Costa Ricans you mentioned the upcoming
election campaign we got a comment on
that from Anna on Facebook she says a
lot of people don't seem to be paying
attention we're in the middle of an
election campaign and it's focused on
keeping gay people she says from having
their rights our political environment
is centered around whether or not
aspiring politician support gay marriage
or not so in her view she gets the
feeling that politicians would rather
keep the general public in the media
focused on that issue rather than
providing solutions to the issue of
crime drug trafficking and money
laundering how do you talk to people who
feel similarly do you think enough
people realize what the rates are
looking like I mean I think you saw from
from just a random collection of people
we talked to on the streets here in San
Jose that it's at the forefront of a lot
of people's minds I mean if you're a
parent and you've got a young child it's
a big concern because the people in 2017
that more were murdered are between the
ages of 17 and and mid 20 so essentially
this countries is potentially losing
some of its brightest and youngest
people to the drug cartels and to these
exchanges and fights over territory and
fights over money ultimately so the gay
marriage thing has played out here as a
fairly big thing people are talking
about it because it was a ruling that
came from outside of the country and
that they have to abide by but I think
the closer we get to these elections
next month the more this topic and how
to approach it and how to tackle it will
come to the forefront Andy we're gonna
leave it there thank you for joining us
today on the stream take care and to our
community if you have more stories you'd
like us to cover from the region please
let us know with hashtag AJ stream and
now from San Jose to Ramallah and the
occupied West Bank reads an approval of
more settlement homes by the Israeli
government has
Palestinians
treinen Croatian give us until 25 of
this month to donation our part from
well we need your help
the deflect the donation everything for
the Israeli settlement in the West Bank
big effects not just about this process
and also if there is a big effect on
Palestinian life in West Bank is convert
the Palestinian city into big jail for
Palestinian and it's make it's hard to
transport between the Palestinian city
in the West Bank I think when said
Netanyahu say that he is believe in
two-state solution he means that one
state for israelian and another state
for settlers in West Bank so far this
year Israel has approved the
construction of more than a thousand
settlement units in the occupied West
Bank
that's according to peace now an NGO
that tracks and analyzes developments in
the settlements Palestinian foreign
minister riad Maliki criticized the plan
blaming the United States for given the
greenlight to Israel to do whatever it
wants with Palestinian land now of
course you remember that in December US
President Donald Trump announced that
the US would recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel and moved that caused
international outcry and condemnation
from the United Nations Al Jazeera's
Imran Khan joins us now from Ramallah
welcome back to the stream Imran I want
to start here on YouTube so we asked the
question that you heard from penny
earlier that the minister asked has the
u.s. given Israel a green light for
settlement homes he says yes we asked
that to our community
Leonard Philips here on YouTube says
you're joking right the US has been
green lighting Israel for decades so
that said I want to move over to Twitter
this is what we got from Kareem on that
topic he says without the dismantlement
of settlements and eviction of the
settlers there is no possibility for
peace in occupied Palestine what do
those two things have to do with each
other for our audience who may not know
looking at is where the settlements
actually are an obstacle to peace all
whether they are a destruction of the
two-state solution there both are very
related issues now the more settlements
they get built the more facts change on
the ground of law Israelis that move
into the occupied West Bank makes it
much more difficult for the Palestinians
to declare a state for themselves and
that's really what I'm really interested
in the piece that we're working on right
now is about settlements and what they
mean now what does it mean for a
Palestinian to live near a settlement
and what does it mean for an Israeli
settler to move to a settlement from
some very comfortable place in the
United States and to actually come to
the occupied West Bank and I have to say
this piece was actually inspired by
ahead to me me the sixteen-year-old who
slaps new Israeli soldier that video
went viral and she's currently in
Israeli military custody when she was
about four years ago she said quote
they're really kind of stuck with me
when I heard it very recently she said
as a child growing up I used to look
across at the settlement and see kids
swimming kids going to school I saw
these kids just having fun in their
playgrounds and I if I took a wrong turn
would get harassed by Israeli army
soldiers I might get arrested my family
might get arrested well we might be
attacked Israeli soldiers and so I
really wanted to do a piece that looked
at what it meant to be a Palestinian
living next to a settlement and what it
meant to be an Israeli settler living in
a settlement and I have to say one of
the things that really struck me and
we've reported this before is there are
two sets of laws in the occupied West
Bank the first one is for the Israeli
settlers they come under Israeli
criminal and civil law so they get to go
through the civil civilian courts within
Jerusalem but to the Palestinians they
come under military law international
human rights groups have said that
military law is actually unnecessarily
harsh and a lot of Palestinians who are
faced with very severe symptoms very
minor thing Imran there's something here
on your Instagram account which links
back to you talking about a head to Mimi
and it links totally to that story you
took this picture you posted it tell us
a little bit about what we're seeing
here well that was a peaceful protest at
Nabi Saleh which is I had to be me a
village we were all up there I was
watching the speeches go on speeches by
the father it was actually Bob to me me
who the father who was speaking at the
time when suddenly the Israelis rained
down tear gas canisters Israeli army
came in I looked around and I have to
say there was no provocation from the
Palestinians in fact earlier in the day
the Palestinians been saying to us but
they were looking for a peaceful
nonviolent movement and this was what
the theme of the speeches was and then
suddenly out of nowhere these canisters
came in that really angered the
Palestinians now particularly
Palestinian young people who the only
thing they have to fire back with is
rocks they started throwing rocks and
that's when things escalated that white
smoke that you saw in that picture is
the thick cloud of tear gas and this is
just something that happens every week
within the occupied West Bank whenever
there's a protest whether it's peaceful
or not the Israelis use quite severe
crowd control methods they disperse the
crowds all right man thank you so much
looking forward to seeing your reporting
and we appreciate you being here on the
stream and we go from Ramallah to the
streets of a nation angered by the
brutal killing of a little girl
so the model of seven-year-old Xena has
jolted all of Pakistan and rightly so
the picture of her lying in a garbage
heap became viral online very quickly
and unfortunately this is not a one-off
incident riots ensued in cassava soon
after she was her body was found because
the city has been susceptible to a child
sex abuse scandal the people came to
know off in 2015 and the fact that this
issue persists in the region even today
shows that the government really hasn't
done much to eradicate the problem
Zeinab was just seven years old when she
was kidnapped raped and murdered in a
home town of casue in north eastern
Pakistan her death sent hundreds into
the streets calling for justice her
parents reported her missing a few days
earlier and when he say that police
failed to act adequately the city has
faced a spate of abduction sexual
assualt and murders the hashtag justice
for Zeynep campaign has been trending in
Pakistan for more than a week now but
people online have complained about the
government's lack of reaction on their
rights Chief Minister took notice when
social media media civil society and the
general public raised their voice the
campaign has also been commented on by
several notable people Malala yousafzai
tweets heartbroken to hear about zeyneb
this has to stop the government and
concerned authorities must take action
our community has also been following
the story closely Morrison writes this
is the 12th incident that's happened in
a short span of time here child abuse
and rape a very serious issue
particularly in India and Pakistan
joining us from Islamabad Asad hashem is
an al jazeera online correspondent and
in Lahore Mohammed Gibran asar is a
political activist and lawyer gentlemen
it's good to have you here thank you for
joining us
Gibran I'm just gonna share this tweet
from your Twitter feed where you're
showing a visit with the family
zeyneb family what did you find out what
was it like being with them after this
tragedy a little mind was it wasn't the
first one over there are hundreds of
people from all across Pakistan have
come and visited
and I think that has somewhat and should
have helped somewhat then be composed
again with their emotions though one can
only fathom what a family is going
through after that but however what I
would like to say because you mentioned
the outrage back son is going through
right now that certain victims and
certain images do come to symbolise
injustice and it happens all over the
world we saw the body of that child
Island which was discovered on the
shores of Turkey or nebia the woman was
subjected to a brutal gang rape in India
or Trevon mountain which kicked out the
black lives matter movement when his
killer was acquitted and similarly
Zhanna as we see here
but these symbols do not mean that this
is the first time such an attack or such
a tragedy is taking place nor does it
mean that this is the most root or the
most gruesome one it only means that
this is something we have to confront
now and we can't shy away from it
anymore because this is not just
capturing our collective imagination but
also questioning our collective humanity
so I say I wanted to share this tweet
with you we got from smiler she says I
think the investigation into Zainab's
case and others before it resulted in a
complete failure of the state in its
ability to dispense justice to those
most vulnerable and she said she's not
very hopeful in this case why do you
think that is because I know there are
others out there who feel exactly as she
does this is for acid but we can hear
your thoughts right after Gibran go
ahead I said sorry yeah sorry - dr.
Brown yeah no I think this is really
that is one of the main issues that
we've seen here coming up coming forward
with social media and also with the
protests white being was so widespread
is that child abuse is nothing new in
Pakistan in terms of the the headlines
and the data is all out there the
numbers are out there in fact in this
very town in Casull two years ago there
was a huge child pornography ring that
was there was an earth that had abused
hundreds of children this was going from
children were as young as five or six to
preteens and to teenagers as well now in
that case which was about two and a half
years ago we have not seen any progress
at all there have been a few arrests but
there have been no convictions and most
importantly the families of the victims
feel like they would justice really
hasn't been done and one of the main
stories that came out of that and we've
been hearing about it progressively over
the last two and a half years is that
the families of the victims say that
listen once the media attention dies
down
the police kind of lose interest in
following up on the case and in fact
before the media interest started they
refused to register cases so this
question of the media interest and the
sky and this focus being on Castle right
now is very good but the question really
is to me what happens next
does this pressure remain sustained do
we see any kind of action from the
police and the investigation authorities
right now they're very much under
pressure there was a hearing the Supreme
Court today where the police were seen a
police official was kind of held to task
for the fact that very little progress
has been made for the investigation but
you know what happens a month from now
when the next big story comes in
Pakistan whether it's a political
scandal or anything else go ahead what
we gonna say
see I don't blame the car the person was
commenting that not showing enough faith
because this was a 13 incident in the
past 12 months and up till now by the
way even after Jenna's case two more
incidents have been reported which were
male children were sodomized so and this
was a seventh dead body which was
discovered and I would dissociate it
from the sex scandal or the porn child
pornography racket which has been
mentioned earlier because that was being
conducted an organized crime in an area
20 kilometers away from the city these
instances in the past 12 months I'm
talking about the 15 incidents I usually
refer to a trend of either a Celia
killer or a group which is not reducing
it for any monetary or any organised
crime for that matter but just picking
up children raping them throwing away
their bodies and that brings into the
question not just our laws and not just
a lack of policing but also brings into
the question on how much our community
is sensitized to this issue and how much
reform do we need we are hearing many
calls of execution and public executions
and death penalty for the guy who did
this is nm but I think that's an easy
way to say that and I'm just picking up
something here for some reporting from
the independent this is Zainab's uncle
and he says here our demand is that the
murderer should be arrested alive
because there are some circumstances a
sudden correct where if people decide
that they know who it is they then take
justice into their own hands we've seen
that in Pakistan in a number of cases
particularly recently and most
worryingly in the largest city of
Karachi
you've seen the police authorities
actually encouraging that kind of mob
justice or lynching usually that's in
the case of robberies or mobile
snatchings on the road but it is
something that we've seen a lot of I
think what that gentleman may also be
referring to is something that I heard
out of the sewer from both police
officials and from members of the
community saying that in those previous
12 cases that we heard about they would
sometimes be cases where if the if the
complainants were able to point out a
suspect that they believe to be involved
in the crime the police and again this
is all allegedly but the report is that
they would then carry out what's known
in the southeast as an encounter killing
they would go out and actually kill the
suspect rather than arrest them and then
try them because the feeling was from
the from the point of view the family
had perhaps the police as well
that once it enters the court system
it's not necessarily going to go
anywhere which could be why you have
some people calling for the death
penalty once a suspect is found this is
Benna and she says people think that the
death penalty for Zainab's murderer will
deter everyone else from this crime but
it would only make them more determined
not to be caught and to kill their
victims so there are no witness it's
pretty more of it there but she says
what's needed instead is long-term
policy and planning that will make
things better for children and prevent
other children from becoming victims
what that looks like is via this comment
on YouTube Amy sighs education education
education education Gibran is it that
easy and really what does educating
children have to do with catching
murderers costly quickly respond to one
thing see one part of the argument is
that killing people may be the reason
because he put don't have faith in a
judicial system and they think the
person is gonna walk of free but another
thing is happening because within the
last 12 months for encounters have
taking place and after every encounter a
person has been killed and the police
announce that we've caught that Sheila
killer who's abducting and raping
children and every time I knew is
CIGNA's taking place so now people want
the person caught alive and brought to
courses that they can ascertain whether
this is actually the killer or not
rather than just shooting someone
killing someone just to come out and
send out a message that we solve the
case now when you talk about education
we're talking about not just reforming
our education curriculum where we are
teaching our kids how to protect
themselves but from unwanted sexual
advances but also sensitizing the
parents because
this dialogue hasn't taken place ever in
Pakistan where the parents also need to
know on how to respond to their children
the children are comfortable and
confident to come to their parents and
when an incident has happened where a
child has come after having gone through
some kind of such an experience
the parents are certain that the society
will support them because unfortunately
be in a patriarchal society like many of
the countries we suffer from a misplaced
and a missed a sense of Honor we think
that it's it's it's gonna bring up a bad
name Clause to a family if it's found
out that some member of our family was
molested and if I just condition eyes it
on how difficult could it be in a
conservative patriarchal society to talk
about it we talk about abuse or child
abuse sexual abuse one can just look at
the campaign of me to n times up where
perhaps the most celebrated well-known
Hollywood celebrities are coming out of
the decades because they didn't have the
confidence in society to come out and
talk about such abuse so compare that
engagement expenditure Iser so pakistan
instead of just focusing on the punish
do focus on that but we need to talk
about reforms and that's the part which
we as activists eat to do that's why I
was in Cusco collecting facts about the
case so we can go to courts and ask from
them that what are we doing with the tax
money why isn't our education curriculum
why isn't our tax money going into
public service messaging discussing this
opening up the innovation you are you
can hear I can hear your passion I can
hear that you are determined to do this
in a sentence do you feel that this is a
moment where Pakistan will change in a
sentence Pakistan has had many moments
and had lost many moments like this and
this is when we need to hold on to all
right this isn't just about one little
girl I want to show you one other story
has its own hashtag which is justice
foot bar tool a little six-year-old girl
also found in a rubbish heap after being
raped and she needs immediate medical
care and therapy you also see that story
and many others so this really is a time
where Pakistanis are looking at itself
and how it looks at child protection
thank you a sad thank you Mohammed I
hope that you'll keep us updated on how
the story develops and to our community
let us know what you'd like to see on
this stream pitch us with hashtag AJ
stream until next time we'll see you
online
