shaykh khalid bin ali al thani is the
brother of sheikh abdullah bin ali al
thani he says his brother has received
mixed messages from authorities in the
united arab emirates he complained about
that he's being denied to live UAE and
that he's confused about what the old
information is getting from the people
there and they kept him all day he was
told that he can live there to Saudi
Arabia but not to UK at the end of the
day it was allowed on principle to live
UAE and he has two daughters with him
and it was about 12 o'clock at night
that they they told them that they have
to go to the airport and then the
information changed that you are not
allowed to go to the UK the UK refuses
your entry and that is false and that
your daughters can live and you must
stay still say in the way
