to meet demand the presses have been
rolling non-stop since the Communist
Party Congress in October which adopted
cheating ping thought as a guiding
philosophy not surprisingly bookstores
give the work special prominence when we
arrived at this bookstore the
promotional section was empty but
suddenly and suspiciously it filled with
customers lee seong a communist party
member told us she was buying five
copies for a study group back at her
office I haven't read the book yet but a
start right after go back we have all
read the nineteenth Party Congress
report several times alongside the new
she work is the report of the party
congress that enshrined the concept of
she thought into the constitution copies
of the Constitution are handily
available to put the books on the Party
Congress together on the shelves because
they are in great demand from the
citizens they have an urgent need to
read them equally urgent it seemed was
the need of citizens to leave as soon as
we left so did they when our producer
returned ten minutes later a special
section was deserted again the future
study of Xi Jinping thought by students
and party members looked certain to make
Xi's books volumes one and two
bestsellers for years to come contrast
that with the fate of other political
books about China's leaders that won't
be included on any college reading list
on book stands in the southern city of
Hong Kong far more sensational titles
claim to give a behind-the-scenes look
at the intrigue and the Chinese
leadership band on the mainland they
sell well to Chinese visitors but we
found this door closed supposedly for
renovation another was closed
permanently two years ago when the
publishers associated with it were
detained in mainland China Lam winkie
claims he was abducted and subjected to
mental torture before finally being
released
after the incident of our bookstore
everyone in the publishing chain is
terrified there are less political books
and some publishers have stopped
sensitive titles altogether even in Hong
Kong with its freedom of speech when it
comes to she's reputation China seems
determined there will be only one
official version Rob McBride al Jazeera
Beijing
