morning a big fall for the mighty what
should have been her political swan song
after 12 years as president to the West
African country is ending on a sour note
she's one of the most celebrated African
leaders in recent memory and the first
female elected president twice she
couldn't run for a third term because of
Liberia's constitution her bloc the
governor unity party accused her of
meddling in the presidential elections
by supporting the opposition's candidate
George Wythe who won by a landslide her
party's candidate Joseph Buquet
had been her vice president throughout
her two terms in office there were
reports the two fell out during the
campaigning as he tried to distance
himself from her library's economy has
quadrupled under Sally's watch but the
country remains impoverished many have
no access to reliable drinking water or
electricity nicknamed sleepy Joe for his
tendency to fall asleep at public events
burkay has presented himself as the
everyman
born into an illiterate family compared
to her roots as a moneyed elitist the
Harvard educated in World Bank trained
civil servants first emerged politically
in 1997 as she ran against the ruling
warlord Charles Taylor she got 10% to
his 75
more than 200,000 people were killed 70%
of women were understood to have been
raped thousands were maimed as former
president Charles Taylor fought with his
rivals Te'o was out in 2003 and is now
serving a 50-year prison sentence after
being convicted of war crimes at The
Hague as head of the peacetime
government she was sworn in for her
first term in 2006 and again in 2011 she
was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in
2011 as she campaigned for re-election I
consider it a recognition of the many
years of struggle Sirleaf secured more
than four billion dollars in debt relief
from the US un and philanthropists but
still over a million librarians live in
extreme poverty according to UN Salif
also had to deal with the worst outbreak
of the Ebola virus which killed at least
5,000 people in Liberia and nine despite
her critics sally was praised by many
for her peaceful transition of political
power she is due to hand over power to
Georgia where and his running mate Jule
Howard Taylor ex-wife of Charles Taylor
on January 22nd Hanna hawkster
al-jazeera
