turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan
using a party address to look staunch in
the face of a us-backed Kurdish force on
his southern border
he promised to respond with his own show
of force an invasion of the Syrian city
of aeverine zinn just like we do not let
the Kurdistan Workers Party or PKK open
their eyes within our borders we are
determined to vanquish them on the other
side of our border God willing in the
coming days we will continue the
operation to purge our southern border
from terror Turkey has fought Kurdish
factions within its borders for more
than 30 years and doesn't want to see
the Kurds gain power in neighbouring
Syria but the Americans have regarded
Kurdish forces as an effective tool
against ISIL the Kurds are the most
effective fighting force against the
Islamic state in Syria and they've been
very successful at that
that's the American purpose but the
Turks regard the Kurds and the YPG has a
dire threat they label them terrorists
US president Trump promised o Diwan that
he would stop arming and training code
fighters but the Pentagon never made
that official now Turkey is furious
about reports of a new US backed bought
a force of 30,000 personnel with the
Syrian democratic forces a group largely
controlled by the Kurdish YPG they were
reportedly deploy along the border of
Turkey Iraq to the southeast and the
Euphrates River Valley the dividing line
with Assad's military the
american-backed Kurdish YPG posted this
online in December purporting to show
clashes with Turkish forces
it's a nephron northern Syria the same
Kurdish Enclave arawa now says he will
invade in the coming days despite it all
we believe we have common interests with
America in the region and hope we can
act in concert because the time has come
to support Turkey and the time to give
strategic cooperation is do we expect
them to support turkey in our legitimate
efforts during
freeing operation I hope these powers
will not give rise to error by appearing
on the same side as the terror
organization Efrain could be the test
for a difficult three-way relationship
between powers and the Syrian war Turkey
the United States and the Kurdish
fighters so hated by one side and
supported by the other Charlotte Bellis
al Jazeera
