after weeks of silence over the
contaminated baby milk powder scandal
the boss of French company locked Alice
has responded to critics who say the
manufacturer covered up the extent of
the risk
Emmanuel beignet has told a French
newspaper our priority has always been
to handle the crisis and make sure that
no more children become sick
we have never minimized the risk of
salmonella we consider that there was no
breach of procedures on our side in
December lacked Alice began recalling
some of its baby milk products in France
it had discovered the Salmonella
bacteria in this factory in the
northwest but it's only now that the
extent of the contamination has become
clear lacked Alice's now withdrawn 12
million tins of baby formula for more
than 80 countries Salmonella can be
deadly for young children and dozens of
families in France say that their
children became sick after drinking luck
Tallis baby milk they have fought
lawsuits against the company saying that
it tried to hide the risks and failed to
help coolican families were allowed to
shamelessly and that the fear was spread
by the telephone hotline number which
was provided at a time how can you
believe an operator who tells you that
your milk is not affected but then three
weeks later you learned that it is the
French president Emmanuel McCall says
locked Alice could face penalties and on
Friday the finance minister said the
government would do everything possible
to end the crisis like jellies will take
back all baby milk products manufactured
at County regardless of their production
date from wherever it is being sold in
particular from supermarkets and
chemists the aim of this vertical step
is simple to avoid delays problems in
sorting batches and the risk of human
error locked Alice's boss says his
company has launched its own
investigation and will pay damages to
the Salmonella victims for parents the
focus will be on making sure their
children are not exposed to the
life-threatening bacteria Natasha Butler
al Jazeera Paris
