from Iran to Palestine oil prices to
trade wars Donald Trump's speech to the
UN General Assembly advocated
nationalism over globalism Trump
promotes a policy of America first but
does that also mean America alone this
is inside story
hello everyone I'm Kemal santamar√≠a we
reject the ideology of globalism and
accept the doctrine of patriotism
perhaps not what you would expect from a
world leader speaking on the premiere
global stage the UN General Assembly but
then Donald Trump has never been one for
convention in a 34 minute speech the US
president made it clear America will
look after itself will only give aid to
those that considers friends and in his
words will always choose independence
and cooperation over global governance
question is what does that mean for
everyone else the world leaders who
spoke from the same podium advocating
alliances and a joint approach to our
world's problems that's our discussion
today we will welcome our panel in just
a moment but first our diplomatic editor
James BAE's on the speech and the
surprising reaction it drew when
President Trump came to the United
Nations the first other world leader he
met was his French counterpart he and
Emmanuel macron embraced warmly they're
known to get on well something that is
perhaps remarkable when you realize has
became clear in their speeches that they
have very different visions of the way
the world should be run trumps world
view is America first with all the other
countries also putting their own
national interests first too he laid
that out in a speech that didn't get off
to a good start when his bold claim was
met with gasps of astonishment and then
laughter in less than two years my
administration has accomplished more
than almost any administration in the
history of our country
America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
Trump talked about a constellation of
strong sovereign independent nations it
of course raises the question of whether
the US will give up its moral leadership
on issues like human rights America will
always choose independence and
cooperation over global governance
control and domination I honor the right
of every nation in this room to pursue
its own customs beliefs and traditions
the United States will not tell you how
to live or work or worship a couple of
hours later and the French president was
at the same podium he agreed the world
faced crisis but for very different
reasons
nationalism he said meant that
international cooperation was breaking
down in there's no need to look too far
to see who is to blame there here in
this assembly they're speaking today
those responsible are us and the leaders
of the world it was an impassioned
speech he said he didn't believe in the
law of the strongest and he made a
passionate defense of parts of the
system the Trump administration has
either attacked or defunded Masucci and
only Zaza's we shall support those
working for peace and humanity UNESCO
the conscience of the United Nations the
Human Rights Council the International
Criminal Court
UNRWA for whom were increasing our
support in his speech President Trump
said his administration will reassess
how much money it gives to the UN and
how much funds it gives in international
aid that potentially is setting up a new
confrontation for next year
president macro says he wants to give 40
percent more in international aid and
France is heading the g7 next year it
wants all the members which include the
u.s. to give more James BAE's al Jazeera
at the United Nations
all right so here's the panel for today
we're starting in Tehran with food Azadi
he is a professor of World Studies at
the University of Tehran in New Jersey
as Steven Rogers a member of the Donald
J Trump for president advisory board
also an adviser to the 2016 Trump
campaign and rounding up the panel in
London is Olivia Gita he is a security
and political risk analyst gentlemen
thank you for joining us for Inside
Story Stephen Rogers in New Jersey I'm
gonna start with you at the start of the
show I put forward this idea of is it
America first and does that mean America
alone I would like your view on that
because whilst everything Donald Trump
said was completely expected most of the
other leaders who got up to that podium
said something different and I wonder if
that's going to end up isolating the
United States well you're correct in
saying that it was expected by the world
leaders the president has kept his
promise to the American people that it
would be America first but it will not
be America alone the nations in our
alliance know that they need us they
know that they need our protection when
it comes to military and they knit they
know they need our money look the United
States of America has paid heavy tolls
around the world economically and
through blood with regard to protecting
countries in times of war so the
president is simply saying as he said in
his first UN speech many years ago that
the President of the United States is
not the president of the world he is the
president of America
Olivier Keaton let's bring you in early
on what do you think it's what Stephens
saying they said basically these nations
know that everyone needs the United
States but again I go back to the point
that the United States seems to be
pulling back from all these other
countries there are a couple of things
to to note in terms of the speech and
the direction is the fact that the
president came about being responsible
for the actions of the people so what
we've seen yesterday and also on on his
points on
narrow our clear is a businessman it
comes to the bottom line if an
institution or group is basically
squandering the money of the us it will
stop funding it it's playing to its base
and we've seen that time and again but
but at the same time he works on on his
own logic that America is not there to
be not only the round arm if you will of
the world but also the the bankroll er
of failing institutions so that that is
not at all a surprise when it comes to
the Alliance remember as well that he
mentioned the kind of Arab NATO and I
think a lot of the commentators are not
looking at that so it is not fully
against all alliances and what what he
said about the the original NATO is is
clear that the u.s. cannot bear all the
financial weight and that the other
countries have to decide if they want to
be part of an alliance they need to up
their defence budgets so all this comes
in the light of of the speech of
yesterday which shouldn't be a big
surprise for the allies but I don't
think America will end up alone in this
case okay interesting and you brought up
funding we're gonna talk more about the
funding issue a little bit later in the
program for now forward is RT I'm gonna
bring you in and start to get in on some
of the specific issues you are there in
Iran was Donald Trump's well actually
why don't we have a listen to Donald
Trump first of all this is what he
actually had to say when speaking about
Iran specifically at the General
Assembly Iran's leaders so chaos
death and destruction they do not
respect their neighbors or borders or
the sovereign rights of Nations
instead Iran's leaders plundered the
nation's resources to enrich themselves
and to spread mayhem across the Middle
East and far beyond so that's what he
said in his speech and then this is what
he actually tweeted not long before
arriving at the General Assembly despite
requests I have no plans to meet the
Iranian president Hassan rouhani maybe
someday in the future I'm sure he is an
absolutely lovely man
food is our tea what do you make of all
of that because I think in the build-up
to the General Assembly speech we were
all thinking wow he's going to hit Iran
really hard my feeling personally and
I'd like to know what you think is that
he actually possibly held back a bit
I think his UN speech was quite tough on
Iran the tweet was a strange as you said
people were expecting that he is going
to be consistent at least when it comes
to his anti-iranian rhetoric but that
tweet the last sentence of that - it was
surprising it reminded people of how he
was talking about North Korean leader
and then now he seems to be getting
along with mr. Kim the sentence that you
played I think can answer the main
question of today's program and the main
the proper answer I think to the
question is that you see a lot of
inconsistencies
when it comes to u.s. foreign policy for
example the US government accuses Iran
of not respecting borders but they have
been occupying Syria for the last number
of years without any requests from the
Syrian government in fact in
sort of disagreement with the Syrian
government the Syrian government has
asked the u.s. to leave Syria and its
occupation they talk about killing the
people in neighboring countries but they
have been supporting Saudis in their
devastating war against Yemeni people in
the last number of years so when you
look at that speech at the UN you see a
lot of inconsistencies he talks about
sovereignty but then he criticizes
opaque countries for selling oil at the
price that he doesn't like or he
criticizes Iran but he gets out of the
UN Security Council resolution 2231
which is the nuclear agreement without
any reason so I think the answer to your
main question is the US has decided
consciously I think to go it along when
it comes to many foreign policy issues
Steven Rogers let's get a reply from you
because what farad says I think there's
some truth to it they're saying that
well we know that the United States
pulled out of the Iran deal for
something for example and and and all
these other nations have decided to stay
with it and as fluid points out the
United States has been doing a lot of
what it says Iran is doing now well the
president's been very consistent with
Iran look they're I don't believe
there's a person on the face of this
earth especially in the body of the UN
that would disagree with the fact that
Iran exports terrorism we know that Iran
is responsible for a lot of trouble
around the world Iran has not
contributed anything to any peace
process anywhere and if you really take
a look at this
and this is my view I don't speak for
the administration and it is the view of
many people that Iran doesn't have to
look at the United States as their
threat the threat to Iran is their own
people they're taken to the streets
they're very fed up to their necks with
Iran spending more money on the
exportation of trouble than on their own
people so with regard to Iran he's been
consistent but I will tell you this our
allies where we've been allies forever
at the end of the day the allies will
come together with the United States and
address these problems that we are
facing
around the world together Olivia sit
tight I will come back to you in a
moment but I think we need a reply from
forward because that was actually one
thing I did wonder during Donald Trump
speech where he talked about Iran the
country and he said the people are upset
the people have had enough they're ready
almost to rise up they're sick of being
taken advantage of and their money being
taken away are they
there could be some people who are upset
with the rouhani administration I'm sure
there are a lot of people that are upset
with the Trump administration but that
doesn't give permission to the Iranian
government to try to overthrow the Trump
administration that doesn't give
permission to the Iranian government to
basically supply intelligence to
terrorist organizations that are
engaging in terrorism inside the United
States that doesn't give Iran permission
to sanction the American people severely
at the same time that there is a
rhetoric of supporting the Iranian
people the American people
so the general inconsistencies that we
see in u.s. foreign policy could be
studied well when you look at u.s. Iran
relations the United States had a 1953
coup d'etat in Iran and it seems they
haven't learned anything in the last 60
or 70 years they want to change the
Iranian government as John Kerry the
former Secretary of State said just a
few days ago the plan that the US
government has is to overthrow the
Iranian government and they are actually
working very hard that if you look at
the speech that mr. Pompeo and John
Bolton had at this organization called
United against nuclear Iran in New York
just a few hours ago you could sense
this progress in terms of making sure
that as they say Iran does not see the
40th anniversary of Islamic Revolution
but have some news for us government
officials and also your guests in New
Jersey that the Iranian people have been
resilient for the last 40 years they
have faced lots of difficulties and
sanctioned heavily sanctioned heavily by
the United States but they have managed
to continue to serve
under all these pressures and they will
continue to survive and just because us
is supporting the former Shahs son or
Mak or other some other terrorist
organization that doesn't mean that the
Iranian people will fall for that type
of rhetoric and that type of policy okay
Olivier just before we move on from Iran
maybe you can just give me the other
perspective because as I pointed out it
is the u.s. that pulled out of the jcpoa
the Iran deal it is a number of other
nations a number of European nations who
have decided to stay with it and the EU
itself even talks about finding ways
around the sanctions to make sure that
they can still keep doing business with
it I mean does that put the US and its
European allies on some sort of
collision course over Iran which can't
really be fixed if they're just going to
take these completely different views
look I think a couple of things needs to
be put in perspective as I said earlier
look at Trump speech last year where he
hit hard on North Korea look at Trump
speech this year where North Korea was
was praised time and again one
interesting aspect is not only the
tweets that you mentioned but also the
fact that they left the door open
to meet the Iranian I think there are a
couple of things to remember in terms of
how Trump view all those different files
and that comes from from his campaign he
was clear on the Iran deal being the
worst deal ever signed by the u.s. so he
didn't take anyone by surprise and in
terms of is your Europeans allies that
is that he would get out of the deal
what is extremely interesting is how
much the corporate world in Europe has
responded to that cancellation of the
deal which he had which he hadn't back
in in 2007 8 9 where the sanctions were
in place and many companies did not
abide by the deal especially all
companies today what we're seeing is
that even companies that do not
business in the u.s. from Western Europe
are pulling out of Iran which means that
they're extremely scared about the
consequences that could happen and I
could put you two both of the other
guests to two sides of the equation
what's happening today is that tram by
pooling of the the deal is basically
crippling the Iranian economy in a way
that it hasn't been crippled and the
flow of investment has dried up
extremely quickly it will have an impact
on the domestic side and one way or
another it will possibly push for
Iranians to to rebel because they were
hoping that that deal would change their
everyday life right and it's not the
case
gentlemen times moving on a lot quicker
than I thought actually so I want to
move on to another topic and Olivier
you've already brought this up and that
was the North Korea issue and the
difference between last year's speech by
Donald Trump and this one have a look
the United States has great strength and
patience but if it is forced to defend
itself or its allies we will have no
choice but to totally destroy North
Korea Rocketman is on a suicide mission
for himself and for his regime I would
like to thank chairman Kim for his
courage and for the steps he has taken
though much work remains to be done the
sanctions will stay in place until
denuclearization occurs so Steven Rogers
in New Jersey we go from rocket man
little rocket man I think even to
chairman Kim it's an extraordinary
change in one year and you can give
Donald Trump credit for actually moving
things on there has been the Singapore
summit since then but again it's it's
all a little bit unpredictable there
hasn't been that much movement since
Singapore we don't really know where
it's going and I wonder what you think
about what we should really be thinking
about Donald Trump and nor
Kariya well keep in mind that when
President Trump used the term Rocketman
he was criticized by leaders all over
the world but yet
president Trump knew how to speak to
chairman Kim so he got Chairman Kim to
come to speak with him in other words he
got him to the table and look what we
got in return we got our hostages back
we're getting our killed in action in
Korea back Kim is now talking to the
South Korean president there's been no
ballistic missile test so we did receive
a lot and what the president is
signaling to Chairman Kim just stay the
course keep on thinking about your
future you keep your word we'll keep
ours remember president Trump is not a
politician he's a businessman and he
would rather sit across a table
negotiating agreements then rather
ending up on a battlefield fighting for
whatever issue is presently being
discussed so so this is a model and it's
working very well so does that mean he
will just leave aside to all the other
issues which other countries are
concerned about about malnutrition in
North Korea about human rights about all
these little sorts of issues which have
not been raised well the United States
look we probably give more money and
more food and more clothing and and do
everything possible around the world for
human rights and for the poor I mean
there's no question about that even the
are those who oppose us would have to
admit that because facts are facts but
the president has made it very clear
that it's about time that every single
country carry its weight it does its
fair share that's what this is all about
fairness and the president has been able
to some degree to move the EU nations to
start contributing more for example to
the security of their own countries and
we're going to see that happen
with the other issues that you just
articulated and that is a good issue to
bring up funding just as we come down to
the end of this discussion because
Donald Trump also said the United States
would not pay more than 25 percent of
the UN peacekeeping budget and he said
they're working to shift more funding
from assessed contributions to voluntary
contributions I think this is a good
chance and we'll start with you forward
to talk about I guess the future
the UN here the idea of it being funded
in a more voluntary way you know
actually I don't mind saying that the
United States historically has used its
funding to influence the United Nation
in a way that basically serves u.s.
foreign policy goals and as we have seen
in the last few decades at least that US
foreign policy goals generally end up in
projects like the Iraq war or other
mischievous foreign policy objectives
that the u.s. engages in so having a
more independent UN a UN that is not
fully influenced by the United States is
actually welcome news when let me just
make a point about the North Korean
issue that has a lot of lessons for
people in Iran because people are saying
already in Iran that that's the model
that Iran should use that the US
government understands the language of
force and when the country's president
President rouhani wanted to make an
agreement make a deal negotiate it ended
up with basically nothing and the u.s.
just got out of that deal but the u.s.
is dealing with North Korea much in a
much better terms
that doesn't mean Iran wants to make a
nuclear weapon that's forbidden under
Iranian law but making sure that Iran
can defend itself in front of us
aggression is something that's becoming
very popular in here Olivia I'll leave
the last word with you as we're talking
about funding as we're talking about
United States stepping back should the
United Nations be worried about its
future about a more divided future about
a less funded future okay I think that a
lot of nations will have to come to the
fore and replace the US but as president
Trump said and as we all know the UN is
dysfunctional at this point and needs a
lot of reform and we've seen time and
again over the decades new Secretary
General's coming in saying that reform
is going to be done but unfortunately we
have yet to see major
changes from inside and they have to
come from outside so if if Trump is the
wake-up call that the UN needs then it's
it's going to be good for everyone at
the end of the day nice point to leave
it on that is where we are going to
leave at Friday's Rd in Tehran Steven
Rogers in New Jersey and Olivia Gaeta in
London thank you so much few time really
do appreciate it and thank you for
joining us for this edition of inside
story remember you can keep up to date
with us online anytime our web site is
that aljazeera.com go to the program's
link inside story is there we've also
got our Facebook page up and running
facebook.com or would slash AJ Inside
Story there's a Twitter handle as well
it is at AJ inside story I'm at Kemal
hae if you want to message me directly
from the whole inside story team thanks
for joining us for see you again soon
you
