abdul kareem al Hamid lost his home when
the Syrian government bombed an Eastern
Hama in December he arrived in Rama
refugee camp in adlet province 15 days
ago with his wife and five children the
15 year old farmer says he had very good
business back home but he had to leave
it all behind the family went to Sinjar
first taking refuge in a cave but the
safe that they found there didn't last
for long
government forces were advancing in the
area abdel and his wife shamea say they
were afraid of being killed I'm not
happy I'm not used to living like this
here you don't feel free we are sleeping
with our children in one tent now we
were hiding in a cave when the regime
forces advance towards our lands we were
afraid they would kill us and left after
the bombardment in East hammer a lot of
people moved to Sanjar we faced few
bombardments after ISIL and the regime
started their fight we had to leave
again and stay out in the wild sleeping
on the trees aid organizations came and
took us to this camp but he see this is
not home camp was built only a couple of
weeks ago and is already full five
thousand people are here but still more
are arriving every day most of them are
poor families from instant Hamas as the
weather gets colder the main fear here
is illness hygiene is a major issue so
much of the prevention falls on the
women here as they are the ones
responsible for feeding and cleaning in
dire conditions the primary needs are
tents and things like mattresses
blankets and carpets also items that are
specially needed by children and women
you name it people in Syrian leaders
even finding a nail clipper as an issue
survival not education is the priority
here many of these children have been on
the run from the bombings for some time
some of them haven't been to school in
years they're left to their games and
escaped from the sad reality of their
homeland people have managed to escape
the regime's airstrikes and the fight
against ISIL
they were able to find refuge here in
these camps in northern Italy
for now they're safe but no one knows
what will happen if more Syrians come to
the region see namco s√≥lo al jazeera
northern ed lib
