hello I'm Sammy's a then this is
counting the cost and Al Jazira your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week oil hits its highest
level since 2014 we look at what's
behind the rise of black gold also this
week anger over austerity we examine the
economic reasons for the protests in
Tunisia and it's all about China for
Emmanuel macron who's been pushing for
greater access for French companies oil
has hit $70 a barrel for the first time
since 2014 Brent crude jumped after OPEC
said it would continue to limit supplies
the organization of course accounts for
40% of the world's output well joining
me from London is named Aslam name is
the chief market analyst with
london-based think markets good to have
you with us so what's driving prices up
there are three major factors number one
supply cut we all know that number two
stability in the demand but here is the
most important one which is the Armco
IPO investors cannot underestimate the
importance of Armco IP IPO because the
entire reason Saudi Arabia is behind the
price stability is mainly because of
this IPO the one of the biggest IPO
which is going to hit the entire globe
and I think because of that we have seen
that supply cut and the consistency of
the supply cut throughout their supply
cut decision
all right given what is a is this a
trend that's going to continue I think
it is highly likely to continue III
think that the price could continue
certainly to the upside
why because I think there is a stability
in terms of a demand especially the
Chinese demand if you look at the growth
for the Chinese demand for 2017 we have
seen 10% growth nearly over 8 million
barrel per day that
is literally what the demand is from the
China yeah but China's economy economic
growth is still growing but it's
supposed to be slowing down that's not
going to impact the situation with all
prices I think the entire geopolitical
stability and the massive growth
sentiment that we have throughout the
world I think that is also pumping this
sentiment that that is also pumping this
concept that okay we have a more stable
grounds and then the growth would
continue and on the back of this growth
at the price stability would also help
the price of oil tea moved towards upper
half $75 so how far can this go look in
your crystal ball for us Willia I think
it's difficult to say because we have
come a long way from the lows that we
have seen back in 2014 and most
importantly I do not think that OPEC and
the members of OPEC wants to see more I
gain in the price because certainly the
more gain that we see we're gonna see
more rigs coming back online especially
if you look at the numbers now we are
near enough to be 400 on the rigs and if
you look at the US crude put shale oil
production that is also can double also
consistently tries with a higher oil
price so certainly we do not see too
much of an an upside I think it's more
of a consolidation from here well what's
the bottom line for consumers and we're
gonna see I don't know transports flight
goods and services all those kinds of
things go up now I think these higher
oil prices would of course will feed
into an inflation and that would have an
impact on our daily life I mean over in
the UK we have already seen that in a
number of different factors but of
course the currency is an obvious factor
as well but through looking at from a
global perspective yes higher oil prices
have already started to feed into
different parts of the equation in our
daily lives
well you mentioned OPEC strategy a
second ago is it gonna backfire on OPEC
if they continue making these cuts in
the sense that it will encourage more
shale production in the US I think what
would happen perhaps the compliance part
of the equation would start to come down
from OPEC maker certainly so far we have
seen a really good compliance from most
of the members
from the Euro Peck but higher oil prices
what perhaps OPEC we did the compliance
was start to go down and that would once
again he'd bring of the resurface the
issues around supply cut because we
still have over a hundred million
barrels of extra supply say if OPEC all
of a sudden started the if all of a
sudden they decided ok you know what we
are not going to have the same sort of a
compliance as we had before then
certainly the production will go up and
it's a simple demand and supply equation
us all production is also now on track
we're told to rival that of Saudi Arabia
how will that change the whole picture
of global oil production I think higher
oil supply is not that much of an issue
as long as the demand is there as long
as as long as we have a stability so ABS
between if we have a balance between
demand and supply that's not so much of
a concern but if we only have a supply
and not so much of a demand then certain
is gonna have a negative or adverse
impact on the price of oil then we won't
see much of an upside but like I said we
have come a long way from lows from an
especially it comes to crude or when it
comes to Brent so certainly I don't
think that there's a much of an upside
here but remember a lot of traders or
investors you've invested in in black
gold ie you Arab oil they are in for a
longer term because they are looking
when Saudi Arabia is going to do the IPO
the biggest IPO the Armco and I think
perhaps that is the triggering point for
them when they will start taking profit
off and that would have some sort of a
sell-off on the oil price right now
interestingly commodity linked
securities also rose to a four-year high
when you put that into the mix what's
the bigger picture message here
I think commodities have been
undervalued in the past few years and we
have seen consistently rally in the
equity market but now going into 2004
eighteen
the entire Trump let's say that the big
sentiment that around a positive
sentiment about what Trump can do in
terms of the infrastructure that is
gonna perhaps play that the tax equation
would also come into play and devil also
perhaps boosts more equity values but I
think both sides are equally looking
brighter on the commodity and on the
equity side all right now you must them
thanks so much planned price hikes and
tax rises have led to mass
demonstrations across Tunisia the budget
took effect on January the first its
hiked up fuel prices and also introduced
new food and housing taxes many are
furious over the austerity measures that
will see thousands put out of work 2news
year's prime minister Yousaf assha heads
tried to soothe anti-government
sentiment promising 2018 will be the
last year of economic hardship it
follows protests in a dozen towns where
demonstrators took to the streets angry
over price and tax increases the hikes
have been imposed as part of new
austerity measures agreed with the
International Monetary Fund there have
been protests in Sudan to the cost of a
loaf of bread there doubled after the
government removed subsidies from the
2018 budget the government says it's in
line with reforms agreed with foreign
lenders Jordans also cutting state
subsidies on bread prices could soon
surge by a hundred percent and recent
protests in Iran were triggered by price
rises for basic food items like eggs and
poultry
Hashima libera has the latest from
Tunisia s capital Tunis although we
haven't seen large demonstrations across
the country compared to 2012 13 14 and
15 but the momentum is building up there
are young people taking to the streets
across Tunisia denouncing what they
described to be pervasive graft culture
and also impunity impunity the
government is walking it a political
tightrope because on one hand in
desperately needs cash and therefore you
would like to maintain the austerity
measures but at the same time we cannot
wait to further see people upset with
their government taken to the streets
more
in Tunisia is more uncertainty about the
future of the country but just to give
you an idea about the delicate task of
this government faces the three main
sectors Tunisia relies on for revenues
are mining agriculture and tourism and
those sectors were in decline over the
last few years so the government is
going to the international community and
to donors for help but they are saying
that wait a second we won't give you
cash and till you tackle the biggest
problem in Tunisia which is the public
sector that consumes something like 12%
of Tunisia's GDP the government has
decided to do the following
cut the public sector and increase taxes
but when you do this people are
definitely going to go to the streets
and if you see more protests you are
likely to see more violence in the
future more uncertainty about the future
of Tunisia and this is where the
government now is facing this mounting
pressure to try to implement the reforms
maintain the austerity measures but at
the same time convince the Tunisian that
those measures are for the benefit of
Tunisia still to come on counting the
costs horse trading and deal signing
we'll have more on what this 9 year old
gelding has got to do with China and
France a highly classified US government
satellite appears to have fallen into
the Indian Ocean after being taken into
space by Elon Musk's SpaceX the military
satellite hasn't been spotted in orbit
since it launched on the 7th of January
it's suspected the Zuma mission burnt up
in the atmosphere after failing to
separate from the upper part of the
SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket french
prosecutors are investigating Apple over
its admission it deliberately slowed
down older phone models the inquiry
focuses on planned obsolescence a
commercial practice forcing consumers to
periodically replace products that's
illegal in France apple says the
slowdown is intended to extend the
lifespan of phones by putting less
pressure on aging batteries
Faiza has decided to end its research
into finding new drugs for Alzheimer's
and Parkinson's disease the world's
largest drug company says it wants to
cut 300 jobs and redistribute the money
the uk-based Alzheimer's Society says
the move will come as a huge blow to the
47 million global victims of the disease
the presidents of France and China have
signed trade deals worth billions during
a partnership building exercise the
three-day visit aimed at deepening
economic ties it even saw Mannie micron
Wu Beijing with Airbus planes and a
horse both leaders promised to promote
free trade and combat climate change a
vision that's completely at odds with
that of the US President Donald Trump
Rob McBride has more China and France
are hailing this visit as a new era for
strategic partners Xi Jinping and
Emmanuel macron signing multi-billion
dollar trade deals from aerospace to
nuclear energy projects and reaching
what they say is common consensus on a
range of issues from climate change to
international security going on oOnly we
have made an agreement to improve global
issues we are faced with climate change
and terrorism China will be working
together with France so we can have a
win-win situation and develop a new
strategy that helps everyone in the
world we have both agreed to have open
and deep communications Macross says his
visit is a recognition of China's role
on the world stage and she's preeminent
position as Chinese leader so lublin
economic you never give a clipless he
don't he on the economic front we
discussed it with President Xi we know
where we are going after a long
situation of asymmetry we decided
several years ago to rebalance I would
like this rebalancing to translate
itself into more Chinese investment in
France and into more access to the
Chinese market for French companies it's
a right way to get out from the current
situation we're in
this is macrons first state visit to
China as president and he wants the trip
to become an annual event to highlight
the deepening relationship between
China and Europe growing stronger as
their respective relations with the
United States become more unpredictable
and strained and I think it is time for
European leaders including the French
president of macro to really balance off
their relations against the United
States with their relations with China
macron began his visit in the ancient
city of xi'an one of the starting points
of the ancient Silk Road his full
support for what President Xi calls his
belt and Road initiative of new road and
rail links seen as the modern-day
equivalent of connecting East with West
is popular here joining us from Paris is
Philippe veshti relief is the chief
economist of Paris based natixis asset
management bank good to have you with us
so it breaks it looming is business with
external markets like China looking ever
more attractive to Europe clearly it is
a net tractive market you know we are in
a recovery period and the breaks it is
just something we have to manage but we
have strong growth in Germany in France
you know and you know the the euro
zone's your the euro area and Europe is
still a main trading partner for many
countries in the world so the recovery
in Europe is important for everyone from
the US to Africa to Asia and that's what
we have to keep in mind all right but
Macromedia clearly doesn't just want
more business with China he wants more
business and trade on a more equal
footing does Europe have the leverage
though to force more equal access to
Chinese markets well I think that say it
was the first step in the European
strategy you know when we look at world
trade there are three champions the US
China and Europe and we've seen in
recent months with Donald Trump that
u.s. follow follow not for us now
more is a insurrectionist strategy so we
have to to draw a new experience on a--
and europe and that was one part of
micron strategy in in china to say
europe is now an important trade partner
for china and we have to discuss to find
a new way ki briam so that was the first
part the second part it was about
reciprocity saying you you train you you
export a lot to europe we want you to
have a more balanced trade we with you
it's a complicated story it will be it
will take time let me just jump in there
because you talked about a European
strategy is there really a common
European approach to China though I
think we have this we have to keep this
in mind it's something we have to
discuss we have to think about because
we we know that macro America and others
have these keys around that and we we
want to you know discussion we we've
seen in Europe for the last last year
almost is to say we have to replace to
wrap in the world and so that was one
part of the of the strategy first part
is was to to recover to have a stronger
growth and second part is to to say we
have an important partner for everyone
in the world and because we are we are
very high productivity level we are very
rich you are very productive in Europe
so we have to to keep our place and not
being as we saw in the past a strong
economic partner but a very little
partner for on political side
conversation you're talking about all
the sort of ideas you talking about it's
not just a conversation European
countries are having we're seeing real
differences are we not in the approach
to China some of the countries in the
south of Europe which are recipients to
substantial amounts of Chinese
investments
for example I have a different take on
China related issues than their
counterparts in the north of Europe
right yes we I don't say we clearly as a
country-by-country unified strategy but
what we what we see from Brussels to
Berlin and Paris is to say we have to
develop a more global strategy on on
trade and specifically with with Asia
and China and clearly the support is to
say we we know that in Greece or in
other countries there was a lot of
investors investment we have we need to
have these investment but we want to be
able to control them a little bit that
was not the case until now and he's an
interesting I mean just looking at some
of the highlights of macrons visit to
China do you think he was trying to
position himself as I don't know leader
of Europe no I think he is target you
know a maximal target is to reshuffle
european european unity and he want to
transform europe and not as a kind of
mosaic of country but line of countries
but like a global partner for everyone
in the world that's what he said he
discussed with Angela Merkel last June
and that's clearly what what he wants to
do at at the global levels
all right Philippe vegetable thanks so
much thank you well joining us from
London now is Tim Mulligan Tim is a
senior analyst and research director at
midea research good to have you with us
so what caught the eye at las vegas for
you there are a number of things what is
of particular interest is the renewed
emphasis on voice and voice is a
particularly interesting technology as
we move into 2018 because of the
implications for unlocking the older
demographics who first four have been
in many ways bypassed by the streaming
revolution that's happened over the last
decade a voice activation Tim is not an
entirely new technology is it would you
say that this is the next big theme yes
so if I caveat that agreed it's not an
entirely new technology but this is the
year that it starts to really make
traction towards the mainstream consumer
so that's way the money how technologies
yes so yes I would say that voice is the
most likely to unlock the older
demographics into the streaming
revolution we look around to some of the
gadgets from washing machines you'll be
talking to two suitcases that will
follow you around on their own are we on
the verge of a new another revolution
that is going to change life as we know
it but maybe we're actually reaching the
realization of the Internet of Things
scenario that's been played out a number
of years ago my recollection I think it
was the 2015 CES where the Internet of
Things was heavily pushed and you had
things like toothbrushes that you could
talk to him could personalize your your
dental hygiene now that was a bit a
little bit a little bit ahead of its
time but we go to where we are now where
we have for example in the u.s. 46
percent of US consumers now stream
Netflix the use of digital content the
use of digital experiences smartphone
penetration these are all now either at
the mainstream or riding on the edge of
becoming mainstream so this really is in
many ways I agree this is the the
tipping point where we're entering into
a new era the other thing that's
significantly different is if you look
at the key players who are pushing this
technology the tech mages have an
unprecedented level of control over both
the content the technology the audience
and the
pricing globally is that a scary
scenario from the proposition of the
end-user initially no because you have
economies of scale and you have much
greater levels of convenience but if we
fast forward a number of years you could
well find that we are effectively
operating under a number of companies
which are able to do a number thing so
traditionally monopolies are worrisome
because they control prices but if you
actually think about companies that not
only are able to control prices they're
also able to stimulate demand based upon
the data which they know about you
that's where the real concern comes for
regulators at the moment and you
mentioned data and I'm glad you did
because all of this means a lot more
possibilities for collection and storage
and dissemination of data will data be
the next oil or gold rush data is in
many ways it's a it's an easy way for
companies who are in the process of
digitization and for national
organizations to utilize the concept of
big data as a way to become more
efficient more smart at delivering
outcomes but we're in a situation now
where there's no shortage of data but
there is a shortage of insight so you
can have as much data as you want but if
you don't know how to interpret that
data if you don't know how to deploy
learnings from that data that data is
not going to provide you with any
additional value I have a feeling
marketing companies are going to come up
with a solution to that one for now
thanks so much Tim Mulligan there thank
you and finally my number of the week is
three hundred and seventy nine thousand
that's how many hard copies and
downloads have sold of the new
best-selling book called fire and fury
the account detailing the Trump White
House in its first nine months has
piqued our interest and jumped to number
one on Amazon good news for the author
Michael Wolfe whoever said the internet
would kill paper publications a and
that's our show for this week
remember you can get in touch
with us via Twitter used the hashtag a
JCTC when you do or drop us an email
counting the cost analogous 0 dot net is
our address there's more for you on line
two at aljazeera.com CTC that'll take
you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the
costs that I'm Sam is a ban from the
whole team here now thanks for joining
us news on al Jazeera is next
