having raised about the reliability of
military and they pretty much had free
rein of this place to say that talk
shows are the most important phenomenon
in the way that government communicates
with the public would be an
understatement
I'm a baby which are feed and water
raises see see many they mostly eat it's
consistent is entertaining you get the
feeling as done you're sitting at a cafe
with them and don't mistake it for a
moment this is not about bringing
information to the people this is about
bringing the government discourse into
your home's good luck the hydrotech you
should the rice elephant mr. Kint
case in point
an Egyptian intelligence officer on the
phone to a number of TV personalities
directing them on how to report the u.s.
decision to recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel because its opponent
instead of condemning the decision they
should persuade their viewers to simply
accept the tapes obtained by the New
York Times showed just how involved the
state can be and what goes out on the
country's airwaves the diction talk
shows are an accidental byproduct of
state censorship when former President
Hosni Mubarak allowed more private
channels on the air he made it clear
that news bulletins was remain in the
hands of state-owned broadcasters
private stations got around that by
creating discussion programs focusing on
the news the host of these shows were
everything their monochrome counterparts
on fake TV
not come on him kill machete machete
Australia via a little higher and no yet
humble hey oh there's a leash William
can you deliver good they were engaging
emotional and opinionated and uniquely
Egyptian in that they start out with a
monologue that goes on and on and on the
monologue can be up to a half-hour in
some cases 45 minutes well you have a
host not only talking but working
himself or herself up emotionally
sometimes you would have some very
theatrical props
a bullet a picture a video and the other
thing is the interaction not only with
the in studio guests but also with
viewers at home for example we've seen
relatives of some of the victims of the
terrorist bombings where an audience
member Paul's
the air and a host begins crying as well
and I've got the - and as a result the
house becomes this emotional link this
connection that brings people in their
homes together I can see at least 80% of
journalists I interviewed and she told
me that they see themselves to be first
citizens and only second professional
journalists say there is a strong call
for subjectivity within the journalistic
community that perceives the issue of
the ideal of objective journalism as
treason the importance of the
personalities at play or beyond crucial
without them these shows would crumble
two of them happen to be the power
couple of Middle Eastern talk shows
Ambra Adeeb is the first he is very
likely the most handsomely paid he has a
natural instinctive intelligence and the
intelligence agencies recognize that his
wife is Lamesa had she is a study
in upper-middle-class decorum and
delivers her message not as opinion but
as fact blow up her the third person
that comes to mind is the most grotesque
figure of explicit propaganda I had this
is oral offical well astronaut defended
Medusa is loud fascist non apologetic
what better he excels at a hyperbolic
nationalistic form of diatribe that
appeals to the lowest common denominator
president after Fattah al-sisi took
power four years ago with a vow to
return stability to Egypt staking his
legitimacy on combating terror
between Hannibal candy TV personalities
play a leading role in echoing the
government's line they create a shared
sense of panic purpose and victim mode
one of the key aspects of these talk
shows is the way they whip up a sense of
national emergency machine a machine PID
at the bazaar you so do they react in a
very emotional sensationalistic way to
very atrocious events laddish our bill
must
Barbic larboard attack that Merrick
there kkeok you not only support the
government you bend over backwards so to
speak so dissidents political prisoners
are typically vilified they are
portrayed as enemies of the nation it's
a good and I do what guess unique and if
you portray anybody as an enemy of the
nation in a time of emergency what
you're saying it's okay to jail them
it's okay to beat them up and in some
cases it's okay to kill them talk shows
are a very prominent political
tool or political platform for messaging
you need to support the regime because
the regime is facing unprecedented
dentures coming from the outside but
also and mainly from the inside there is
a conspiracy coming from some of the
Brotherhood
I mean despite they are under fierce
crackdown by the regime every critical
voice can be linked to some of the
Brotherhood's the roster of the bad guys
real imagined and otherwise is
constantly evolving to suit the needs of
the state Qatar is now public enemy
number one
turkey is public enemy number tun Iran
is public enemy number three it heavy
and depending on the day of the week
Israel isn't so bad
or is public enemy number one a and of
course the ruler is featured prominently
one way or another very rarely do you
hear criticism and when you do it is
measured ie
the critique isn't leveled at the
president maharaj de novo hamburgo Cali
baby are a few chicken limo there has
always been a consistent awareness where
the red lines are precisely and right
now there are more red lines than there
ever been and for the most part
presenters know not to cross those red
lines they know that their jobs depend
on it
direct criticism of the president the
military or the intelligence services
are all off-limits cross one of those
red lines and you could end up
disappearing from the airwaves like lily
underwood a prominent British Lebanese
presenter who had her contract ended
before being kicked out of Egypt in 2006
for Ibrahim Ariza a journalist who
despite shifting his political positions
to suit the times at his show canceled
last year and they're not the only ones
Ibrahim Issa is sort of the the type of
muckraking investigative journalist
who's not afraid of speaking truth to
power
lateral mudra is pardon me Moses Korea
in America the Alaska whom no man has
Mahalo to Alaska before the Revolution
for example he became known for
basically confronting Mubarak and his
sons so that's one example another
famous talk show is I'm too lazy he's
not afraid to push controversial issues
and that was his undoing for airing a
very famous interview I must defend
dancing for sure and they haven't I'm
assuming that got mr. Ally fish are
fired you have to keep in mind that it
all comes down to information who has it
and who doesn't how it's delivered hats
off to the Sisi regime for understanding
the 21st century for understanding the
link between lack of education ease of a
dissemination obstruction of information
the government has created an
environment where disbursement of
information unless it is tightly
controlled by government is all but
impossible
