by now you've heard all about the
Internet of Things or IOT so-called
smart homes feature internet-connected
TVs washing machines thermostats door
knobs and locks all controllable by
smart phones there are web link security
cameras smart showers and yes you
guessed it online toilets the Internet
of Things also includes under things as
NEMA Maura vaji of spire explains you
simply put it right here the gizmo
attaches to your bra or your briefs and
gives you feedback on your health
ultimately our clothes are going to be
informing us about how to make the small
baby step of micro decisions that
actually lead to better health by 2030
the IOT may add 14 trillion dollars to
the world economy according to the
management consulting firm Accenture
sounds great doesn't it but the more
connected people and their products
become the more at risk they are for a
digital attack it opens up the
possibility for risks of security
natures these are computers that have
some computing power always on always
connected and they're very appealing to
the bad guys and the problem is as
you're rushing to put this stuff on the
market you sometimes you use products
off the shelf and they have bugs in them
and you distribute those bugs to your
customers in recent years we've seen how
vulnerable even formidable institutions
are to hackers like the credit reporting
agency Equifax the movie studio Sony and
the u.s. super spy Bureau the National
Security Agency BitDefender is marketing
a box that will defend all your systems
and online connections it's a complete
solution to multi think of it like a
sandwich of technologies that basically
employ our machine learning and AI to
understand the behavior of connected
devices and figure out when something
nefarious has happened unfortunately
cybersecurity is not the top priority
for many device makers
it seems for many consumers at this
point the convenience and wow factor and
excitement of new electronics are
essentially winning the day consumers
might want to consider whether smart
devices are making their lives better or
putting them and their families at risk
rob reynolds al jazeera Las Vegas
