they represent two different versions of
the African National Congress its past
and its future one is facing hundreds of
corruption charges and was booed by the
crowd I think President Jacob Zuma the
other is riding high after winning the
ANC's top job loud cheers greeted him
cyril ramaphosa used his first major
public appearance as the ANC's new
president to inspire while making thinly
veiled references to his predecessor the
movement has become deeply divided
through factionalism through patronage
through corruption and through
competition for resources if the booze
made President Jacob Zuma uncomfortable
he didn't show it shouting for a change
the new president's vision is to rebuild
and renew the party of Nelson Mandela to
use new policies including changing the
constitution to allow the government to
take mostly white owned land without
coming compensation and free education
for poor students to realize the hopes
and aspirations of millions of people to
build unity and a new team but after the
party speculation is rife that there
could be a push within the ANC stop
structures to force President Zuma out
of office before his term is up next
year that for there to be real change
Zuma has to go Tonya Page al-jazeera
East London South Africa
