if there is one thing that iran's
Foreign Minister has in common with the
American president it's that they both
like to use Twitter within an hour of
the announcement by Donald Trump that
the US would stay in the nuclear deal
foreign minister Javad Zarif said
Trump's policy towards Iran is desperate
he said recent attempts to dismantle the
nuclear deal were part of ongoing
violations of the agreement on Saturday
the foreign minister also addressed
Trump's alleged racist comments towards
developing countries saying he was not a
reliable person with whom to do business
with a Stefani ma M Rouge may be named
as we know the United States has been
very awkward and very difficult as far
as lifting the sanctions has been
concerned but we must not forget many
other countries they have lifted the
sanctions and life has become much
easier in Iran than it was before the
deal tough talk from Tehran inspired in
no small part by support for the nuclear
deal from Germany France Britain Russia
and China all the other countries who
helped negotiate as we know United State
has been very awkward and very difficult
as far as lifting these sanctions have
been concerned but we mustn't forget
that many other countries they have
lifted the sanctions and life has become
much easier in Iran than it was before
the deal Iran's government is motivated
to keep the deal alive but with every
repeating deadline the nuclear debate
between the United States and Iran
becomes more personal and not just at
the level of government Zayn Basra via
al Jazeera Tehran
