that bombshell book rocking the white
house Michels fire engine
hello I'm Richard Gilbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
stories we've been tracking this week
Michael Wolfe throws the book at Donald
Trump exposing a dysfunctional white
house and a thing or two about the US
mainstream news media Egypt and the talk
show hosts on the front lines of the CC
government's propaganda efforts night
after night after night the protests in
Iran and the social media battlegrounds
that matter there plus oppressors of the
press the worst of the worst in the age
of Twitter and the 24-hour news cycle a
book launch might seem like a story for
a slow news day unless it's fire and
fury by Michael Wolfe a journalist who
divides opinion on his approach to
sourcing and to the facts having
inveigled his way into the Trump White
House to tell the inside story of the
administration he describes a president
with the barest grasp of his
responsibilities suffering from a
gradual loss of his faculties in short
Wolff goes there using the D word that
mainstream news outlets had shied away
from dementia while Wolf's publishers
stand firm against Donald Trump's
lawyers and the threat of litigation
copies of the book are flying off the
shelves the American mainstream news
media remain hypnotized by a spectacle
they did much to create our starting
point this week the White House
the president has set fire and fury was
making headlines before the first copy
was sold bombshell book raucous book has
come out and everybody's head explode it
is a devastating portrait of the Trump
family the excerpt alone fueled two
entire news cycles 48 hours of coverage
peppered with angry tweets coming out of
the Oval Office or perhaps the
president's been winning the presidency
qualifies him is not smart with genius
and a very stable genius at that if the
White House actually thought that
threatening the publisher with a lawsuit
would stop the inevitable it was wrong
the publication date was moved up the
book is published as of nine o'clock
this morning the president's lawyers
sent a cease and desist letter to which
you say actually what I say is is where
do I send the box of chocolates this
particular book is the kind of
presidential history that this
particular president deserves the
calamity of this particular president
has generated a kind of journalism which
is not predicated on the politics of
substance but on the politics of
subterfuge and show there is nothing in
this book that actually addresses the
fundamental issues of this presidency
but actually banks on a kind of
sensationalism that now is extended into
the formation of a book just between two
covers we can't get enough of this
whether or not every one of those
anecdotes can be trusted you know we
will see I'm sure that more reporting
will continue to play out but what wolf
has offered is this behind-the-scenes
fly-on-the-wall look at a an
administration that people are still
trying to figure out just how it
functions on a day to day basis we've
seen a lot of confirmation bias by
people who want to believe that Donald
Trump is exactly as depicted in the book
and others who are saying well frankly
this is really not all that new they
also see some jealousy perhaps of
Michael wolf by other journalists who
have covered Trump very good closely and
then perhaps saying they're upset that
they're not the ones getting all the
attention now
the idea that michael wolf merely
gathered known journalistic tidbits and
repackaged them in book form is only
partly true inevitably there is some of
that both the New York Times in the
Washington Post have new reports about
the mind of Donald Trump there has been
plenty of reporting on president Trump's
mental stability his temperament however
when it came to the possible signs of
dementia news outlets have treated that
with caution and no one had ever quoted
Steve Banat Trump's former adviser
describing meetings with Russian
contacts as treasonous before that led
to a series of attacks from Trump and
bannon's oyster from Breitbart news one
of the online voices of the American
alt-right journalists covering the White
House either did not find those stories
or if they did their editors chose not
to publish them mainstream news outlets
like to say they hold power to account
but they also tend to build bridges to
power and burning those bridges can mean
losing future access that can come back
to burn then some journalists decided to
sacrifice their integrity for access
wolf kind of had the same idea he went
in there to do access journalism and
then realized he would burn his bridges
at the end of this by publishing the
results and so I think that if anything
we should be having a broader
conversation about what the purpose of
access journalism is in a government
that wants to essentially function as an
autocracy a government that routinely
attacks the press and threatens
journalists so we were talking before
the break on the media's reluctance to
discuss Donald Trump and the possibility
of dementia here's MSNBC's morning host
joe scarborough regarding a column that
he writes for The Washington Post I've
written twice in my column a quote about
one of people closest to Donald Trump
during the campaign saying he's got
early stage of dementia he repeats the
same stories over and over again his
father had it but twice the Washington
Post would not let me put that in my
collar would and until your book came
out this was something we were not
allowed to speak about like so many in
the mainstream media Joe Scarborough has
come a long way
on trunk compared to the early days of
the election cycle when his program was
addicted to the candidate the ratings he
would draw the revenues he would
generate scarbrow has a lot of blood on
his hands because back when it was in
joe scarborough's self-interest
he gave Donald Trump enormous access to
his show with very very light
questioning now all is that he wants to
say that he has a sort of saying that
Trump has early onset dementia to me
that would be something that you would
need an on-the-record source for Michael
Wolfe admits in his preface that on
questions of sourcing and verification
many of the accounts in the book are in
conflict with one another that in some
cases they are for the reader to judge
and that he had settled on a version of
events I believed to be true that's not
so much of a preface as it is a
disclaimer
however while Wolfe has become a
lightning rod for those critical of the
state and standards of American
journalism today the role of his
publisher Macmillan has been largely
ignored which is odd since without the
publishers distribution network the
writers words would go unread Macmillan
says it had one editor and three fact
checkers working with Woolf
however some basic errors including
getting names wrong still made it into
print Michael Wolfe is not a popular
figure both for personal and
professional reasons he certainly played
fast and loose with facts in the past he
doesn't follow some of these same
sourcing guidelines that a typical
newspaper reporter would Wolf's book is
at times thinly sourced at times simply
a stenographic repetition of what
certain sources have told Woolf the
irresponsibility of the publishing
houses is worse than the
irresponsibility of the author
Tocqueville said 150 years ago
democracies treat their authors the way
kings treat their jesters they enrich
and despise them at the same time these
publishers don't care so far as they are
laughing all the way to the bank
Michael Wolfe did not make his name
covering politics his best-known work to
date was a biography of Rupert Murdoch a
news Barrett Wolfe understands the
meeting the role they have played in the
Trump story and he would have known that
they would find his version of the story
irresistible
fire and fury in many ways is a reality
TV book about a reality TV president
that's kind of the nature of Michael
Wolfe style you see things in the book
that are reminiscent of reality TV cast
of characters who are constantly at war
with each other who are plotting with
each other wolf knows how did sell
scandal to the public versus for example
a serious investigation of crime and
abuse of power
heart the foundation the essence of the
media's fascination for Donald Trump is
all about ratings mr. president even
retweeting Trump is effectively a
steroid shot for the news media's broken
business month the deep dysfunction
now gripping this White House in the
short run he can help them survive we
won the election we're going to win the
next and where do you go from that I
don't know blow this once you've had
Trump you can never go back just like a
drug unless you go through a massive
catastrophic overdose he is body
slamming CNN which maybe is what we're
headed towards because I don't think any
of this is healthy and this will not end
well it cannot end well
we're discussing some other media
stories that are on our radar today with
one of our producers Johanna who's Joe
over the past couple of weeks
Iran has seen some of the biggest
political demonstrations it's seen in
almost a decade
social media is among the platforms
where this battle is being waged what
are we seeing there
well government critics have been on the
street since late last year and they are
demanding political social and economic
reforms now the government has responded
with force at least 21 people have been
killed and over a thousand have been
killed now both sides are also using
social media to spread their messages
despite the fact that Facebook Twitter
and YouTube have been banned in Iran
since 2009 now this was the last time
that we saw protests on this scale now
Instagram and telegram which is a
country's biggest social media platform
are also being temporarily blocked but
people in Iran are used to finding ways
around these kind of censors and they
are actually still using these networks
funnily enough so is the government so
the protesters are using social media to
share information imagery and to get
organized
what about supporters of the government
what are they doing on social media
well dozen of Twitter BOTS have been
created now these are accounts that have
very suspicious profile names they don't
have any profile pictures there are very
few followers and what these accounts
are doing is they are tagging certain
images as fake and they are discouraging
Iranians from joining these protests now
they are also putting up tweets saying
things like oh I just arrived here at
the protest but nothing seems to be
going on and why are you lying nobody is
actually here now on top of that they've
been identifying protesters in videos
and pictures asking authorities to
arrest them but the protesters are
actually fighting back they have created
accounts in which they share details of
the security personnel who is
confronting them in the demonstrations
turning now to another story that you've
been looking into in India the
government there has filed a criminal
complaint against a journalist over a
data breach something to do with a very
ambitious identity card scheme the
government's working on that involves
biometrics what are the details well
there seems to be a very clear case of
shooting the messenger now this campaign
by the Indian government is called at
heart and it basically stores very
elaborate details of virtually all
Indians
online now last week a reporter for The
Tribune newspaper watch Akira published
an investigation in which he actually
showed that she could buy these personal
records online for less than ten US
dollars now these records include
contact details but they could also
potentially include fingerprints and
retinal scans now the unique
identification Authority of India UID AI
which is supposed to safeguard that data
said that the reporter violated India's
privacy laws by trying to get access to
the database and is now actually
demanding police action against her so
the government's been getting some
blowback on this and not all of it is
coming from within India no it's not a
lot of people are saying that this case
is an attack against press freedom and
whistleblower Edward Snowden actually
weighed in on this case from Moscow on
Twitter last week saying that the
journalists that are exposing the other
breach deserve an awards not an
investigation do you want to arrest
those responsible they are called the
UID AI thanks Joe Egyptians call them
Emperor's and every night millions tuned
in to watch them lecture entertain rant
and even cry their way through hours of
television output they are talk show
hosts and as a group they form a key
filter through which Egyptians have come
to view their politics under the rule of
Abdel Fattah el-sisi talk shows are used
to legitimize his presidency and to
vilify his critics television audiences
may be dwindling in many countries but
given the high rate of illiteracy in
Egypt TV remains the medium of the
masses and few institutions are more
influential than the evening talk shows
not everyone in Egypt is buying what the
Talking Heads are selling though given
that they frequently venture into the
realm of the absurd the listening-posts
Tarek NAFA now on the highly politicized
world of TV talk shows in Egypt
to say that talk shows are the most
important phenomenon in the way that
government communicates with the public
will be an understatement
and oh my baby we shall feed and water
raise a city many they must read it's
consistent it's entertaining you get the
feeling as though you're sitting at a
cafe with them and don't mistake it for
a moment this is not about bringing
information to the people this is about
bringing the government discourse into
your home's good luck AHA Drayton you
should the rice elephant case in point
an Egyptian intelligence officer on the
phone to a number of TV personalities
directing them on how to report the u.s.
decision to recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel its opponent instead
of condemning the decision they should
persuade their viewers to simply accept
the tapes obtained by the New York Times
show just how involved the state can be
and what goes out on the country's
airwaves magician talk shows are an
accidental byproduct of state censorship
when former President Hosni Mubarak
allowed more private channels on the air
he made it clear that news bulletins
would remain in the hands of state-owned
broadcasters private stations got around
that by creating discussion programs
focusing on the news
the hosts of these shows were everything
their monochrome counterparts on fake TV
not come on sob Australia via a little
bit higher and no yet humble hailed as a
yes
William can yet deliver Buddha they were
engaging emotional and opinionated and
uniquely Egyptian in that they start out
with a monologue that goes on and on and
on
the monologue can be up to a half-hour
in some cases 45 minutes well you have a
host not only talking but working
himself or herself up emotionally
sometimes you would have some very
theatrical props a bullet a picture a
video and the other thing is the
interaction not only with the in studio
guests but also with viewers at home for
example we've seen relatives of some of
the victims of the terrorist bombings
where an audience member calls begins
crying on the air and a host begins
crying as well and as a result the house
becomes this emotional link this
connection that brings people in their
homes together I can see at least 80% of
journalists I interviewed initiate old
me that they see themselves to be first
citizens and only second professional
journalists say there is a strong call
for subjectivity within the journalistic
community that perceives the issue of
the ideal of objective journalism as
treason the importance of the
personalities at play or beyond crucial
without them these shows would crumble
two of them happen to be the power
couple of Middle Eastern talk shows
Umbra Adeeb is the first he is very
likely the most handsomely paid he has a
natural instinctive intelligence and the
intelligence agencies recognize that his
wife is Lamesa Hadees she is a study in
upper middle class decorum and delivers
her message
not as opinion but as fact it blocks our
power the third person that comes to
mind is the most grotesque figure of
explicit propaganda I had to shoot over
a Lafitte
well sooner I defended who'll amateur
Medusa is loud fascist noon on
apologetic oh well better he excels at
her hyperbolically nationalistic form of
diatribe that appeals to the lowest
common denominator president after
Fattah al-sisi took power four years ago
with a vow to return stability to Egypt
staking his legitimacy on combating
terror TV personalities play a leading
role in echoing the government's line
they create a shared sense of panic
purpose and victimhood one of the key
aspects of these talk shows is the way
they whip up a sense of national
emergency machine a machine PID as I use
so do they react in a very emotional
sensationalistic way to very atrocious
events lad a sharp and must door buck
who are boarded up that mirac their
kkeok you not only support the
government you bend over backwards so to
speak so dissidents political prisoners
are typically vilified they are
portrayed as enemies of the nation
it's the woman shall a good and I do
what guess and if you portray anybody as
an enemy of the nation in a time of
emergency what you're saying it's ok to
jail then it's okay to beat them up and
in some cases it's okay to kill them
talk shows are a very prominent
political tool or political platform for
messaging you
need to support a regime because the
regime is facing unprecedented dancers
coming from the outside but also and
mainly from the inside there is a
conspiracy coming from some of the
Brotherhood
I mean despite they are under fierce
crackdown by the regime every critical
voice can be linked to some of the
Brotherhood the roster of the bad guys
real imagined and otherwise is
constantly evolving to suit the needs of
the state Qatar is now public enemy
number one
turkey is public enemy number tun Iran
is public enemy number three
doll air heavy and depending on the day
of the week Israel isn't so bad or is
public enemy number one
and of course the ruler is featured
prominently one way or another very
rarely do you hear criticism and when
you do it is measured ie the critique
isn't leveled at the president maybe
halacha
de novo hamburgo caliber BR a few
chicken limo there has always been a
consistent awareness where the red lines
are precisely and right now there are
more red lines than there ever been and
for the most part presenters know not to
cross those red lines they know that
their jobs depend on it direct criticism
of the president the military or the
intelligence services are all off-limits
cross one of those red lines and you
could end up disappearing from the
airwaves like lily underwood a prominent
British Lebanese presenter who had her
contract ended before being kicked out
of Egypt in 2016 well Ibrahim Ariza a
journalist who despite shifting his
police
core positions to suit the times at his
show councils last year and they're not
the only ones
Ibrahim Issa is sort of the the type of
muckraking investigative journalist
who's not afraid of speaking truth to
power
lateral mudra is Godman masalas Korea in
Omaha
Alaska home you know give me little
mannish as Mahalo to Alaska before the
Revolution for example he became known
for basically confronting Mubarak and
his sons so that's one example another
famous talk show is amber Lacey she's
not afraid to push controversial issues
and that was his undoing
for airing a very famous interview I
must've Enda dancing for Sharon they
haven't I'm assuming that got mr. Alessi
a fired you have to keep in mind that it
all comes down to information who has it
who doesn't how it's delivered
hats off to the Sisi regime for
understanding the 21st century for
understanding the link between lack of
education ease of a dissemination
obstruction of information the
government has created an environment
where disbursement of information unless
it is tightly controlled by government
is all but impossible
finally it's award season Hollywood's
golden globes have just been handed out
and President Trump wants in he recently
told his Twitter followers that his own
awards for bad reporting from the fake
news media will be coming out soon that
inspired the new york-based Committee to
Protect Journalists to announce their
own cpj global press oppressors Awards
threats against journalists are no
laughing matter the cpj says 2017 saw a
record number of them jailed and
journalists are being censored attacked
sometimes killed over their work we'll
leave you now with some politicians who
have made it into the sea PJs Hall of
Shame and we'll see you next time here
at The Listening Post
Oh
