this house in the small city of
piriapolis in Uruguay has raised a lot
of questions over the years its size and
opulence intrigued people like Antonio
Diaz who has been living here for ten
years he has just found out that his
neighbor is a fugitive Argentinian labor
union leader there was something strange
because of the amount of money and I
believe that maybe it was money
laundering but he was good with the
community and it was none of our
business the owner of the land is
marcelo el cerro the leader of an
important labor union in neighboring
argentina he was arrested here last week
and is awaiting extradition to his home
country police say they found at least
$500,000 in cash and weapons they also
seized luxury cars like Mercedes and
Ferraris worth at least two million
dollars mother Philadelphia owns at
least two properties in other wine in
this one specifically he also had a
private suit with exotic animals this
place was raided by the police at the
request of an Argentinean judge that is
investigating him for money laundering
and corruption because his lifestyle is
not compatible with his income as a
labor union leader mal sido is not alone
labor union leaders are being
investigated and detained in Argentina
most of them are accused of corruption
many in Argentina are shocked by the
amount of money seized by the police in
different operations Argentine society
is demanding that the leadership be less
corrupt and the justice system is
reacting we asked people in a poll which
word defines labor unions most of them
said corruption since the government of
President Juan Peron and his charismatic
wife Evita labor unions in Argentina
have had a crucial role in defending
workers rights president Mauricio Macri
says Argentina needs to change and is
planning to push for labor reform but
union leader Ren Tori's believes the
latest arrests are a way of pressuring
unions to support the government's plans
if there is corruption then it should be
investigated a new leader should emerge
but there are many that are not corrupt
I will continue pushing the government
and the policies it wants to impose that
I believe would hurt many of the
achievements workers have gained
Argentina's labor unions are amongst the
strongest in Latin America but
corruption has tainted their image their
capacity to tackle this problem will
likely decide if they have what it takes
to look after the people they represent
terasawa
al jazeera piriapolis Uruguay
