surrounded by members of the
african-american community at a White
House ceremony honoring the Civil Rights
icon dr. Martin Luther King Donald Trump
made no apology for his alleged racist
comments a day earlier series of early
morning tweets Donald Trump denied media
reports that he had called Haiti El
Salvador and African countries shitholes
during a meeting with senators on
immigration but he did admit the
language used was tough he also denied
saying anything derogatory about
Haitians other than Haiti is obviously a
very poor and troubled country if my
uncle were here today standing beside
the president in the Oval Office was dr.
Martin Luther King Jr's nephew later he
told Al Jazeera he believes Trump has
much to learn about tolerance but is not
hateful I honestly don't think the
President Trump is a racist
I think he's racially uninformed but
Democratic senator dick durbin was at
Thursday's White House meeting and says
Trump made the controversial comments
words he calls vile and racist he said
these hateful things and he said them
repeatedly
Trump's comments have stung many in the
country including the tens of thousands
of Haitians who came to the United
States after the devastating 2010
earthquake it was kind of disturbing no
it was hurtful to my community and my
current members of the president's own
Republican Party have distanced
themselves from Trump's comments calling
them problematic as politicians try to
come to an agreement on immigration and
funding to avoid an imminent government
shutdown I read those comments later
last night so first thing that came to
my mind was very unfortunate unhelpful
it's just incomprehensible that these
words came out of the mouths of the
President of the United States of
America a country that was founded on on
being free from discrimination the calls
for the president to apologise for his
remarks are intensifying inside and
outside the United States but for now it
appears that apology is unlikely
Kimberley hellcat al Jazeera Washington
