got a lien now for something off the
grid from Australia and I used to live
in Melbourne many years ago this isn't
the Melbourne I remember my good that's
nothing Melbourne a lot of people no
even the folks that still live there the
Home Affairs Minister Peter Dutton he
said that people in Melbourne are afraid
to go out to restaurants at night
because of African gangs here's part of
his interview with an Australian radio
group earlier this week the reality is
now people are scared to go out to
restaurants at the nighttime because
they're followed home by these gangs
home invasions and cars are stolen and I
would just need to call it what it is of
course it's African gang violence so
that interview as part of the discussion
that fuelled the hashtag African gangs
on social media it follows headlines
like this of in tat of attacks involving
black men in the Melbourne area now
that's where maka
miok comes in you've never heard of them
but he's South Sudanese living in
Australia and he says his community was
on the receiving end of racist comments
and bullying after media reports of gang
violence then once Dunton said people
were too afraid to go out at night Mac
decided to change the meaning behind
that hashtag altogether
he started by calling himself the
African gang on his Twitter page over
the years own stories have been told by
other people so we decided to take that
initiative and tell our own stories we
extremely grateful to to the extreme
people who have come out and supported
their campaign we knew we had suspected
it all along
shares do not and those these
sensational headlines by politicians
aimed at particularly a Liberal Party
politicians aimed at political
point-scoring Australians happy with it
with their multicultural society but the
politicians in this country do not seem
to understand this now hashtag African
gangs is being used to show how educated
vibrant and diverse Australia's African
communities are now people are posting
pictures on Twitter like this using the
hashtag African gangs this woman saying
half African gangs graduated and
travelled overseas to make a difference
in vulnerable
people's lives or this one hashtag my
many African gang taking care of her
business in the grocery store and the
University of Adelaide's Dean of law
ain't afraid to take pics with hashtag
African gang graduates Victoria's Police
Department has taken notice they've
formed a task force with police and
senior African Australian leaders in the
community to help tackle the problems
from both sides of this discussion many
are now also posting pictures with the
hashtag Melbourne bites back showing how
they're still eating out at night as
normal without any fear if you're in
Australia especially in Melbourne we
want to hear from you tell us what you
think about this story and how it's
impacted you if it has it all with the
hashtag aj news great
