Leigha you feel sick thinking about this
turn I'm not gonna do the whole you know
as a father thing everything as a human
being right I can't begin to imagine the
anger right well and it's visible online
as well I've been looking at all days
n-dubz death is the top trending story
in Pakistan at the moment with thousands
of people including several activists
criticizing the authorities and the
general lack of security in the area a
lot of people are using the hashtag
justice for zina one of them is Nobel
Peace Prize winner Malala yousufzai who
said that she was heartbroken and that
this has to stop
she says government and the concerned
authorities must take action she of
course is herself Pakistani former
cricketer turned politician Imran Khan
he tweeted saying this case exposes once
again how vulnerable our children are in
our society this is not the first time
such horrific acts have happened we have
to act swiftly to punish the guilty and
ensure that our children are better
protected he shared a picture of her as
well
the nebs family also spoke out they say
they want justice and more security
we are not burying our child until the
issue has been properly resolved we are
going to appeal to the Chief Justice of
Pakistan and if there's any humanity
they should take action immediately
why don't we do abuse got it including
dug in our demand is that the murderer
should be arrested alive and moreover
security should be improved in the area
security cameras need to be installed
over the last four or five days we
mounted a search operation to try and
find her all the localities of cusser
and abandoned places were searched but
unfortunately we were not able to find
her yesterday afternoon her body was
found inside the main dump in the city
the child's post-mortem has taken place
and samples have been sent to a forensic
science laboratory to find any forensic
evidence and police are investigating
this all started last week when zenab
went missing she was walking to school
she was seen with this unidentified man
pic captured on camera now police say
six other girls were sexually assaulted
in recent months in Custer and that
authorities are investigating to see if
there
a connection come on
