in our country a solemn ceremony for
victims of recent violence between
herdsmen and farmers as a dead are
brought in coffins on open trucks
emotions run high survivors say the
attacks were carried out by herzman
Stephen Zion a member of a local militia
formed to confront the nomads says it
was left for dead when the camp was
raided we were in a camp around 5:00
a.m. without warning without information
we started to hear gunshots
they were shooting we didn't have any
rifle or ammunition Mary is a mother of
two she's alive but suffered a deep
machete cut to the face attacks and
counter-attacks between farmers and
cattle herders have grown worse in
Nigeria over the past five years last
year alone at least 1,500 have died and
more than a hundred thousand displaced
as the 73 victims of the recent violence
are buried here the Nigerian government
is sending soldiers to stop the killings
and part of the problem is access to
land a changing climate is forcing the
migration of much from the north to the
south
existing lands and this is created
between farmers and security forces have
announced arrests on both sides and some
states have enforced a ban on open
grazing I know the size of my state what
land is where there is no two hectares
of land to that you can put as business
on so the whole land is occupied but the
herzman said the law was in bad faith
meant a sting wished their way of life
that grazing is the el grazing is the
felonies legal rights as Nigerians
that's the way they were brought up when
they insist on ranching they should be
provided with ranches if there is no
provision for ranches how do you want
them to live efforts by the central
government to demarcate areas
exclusively for grazing
it's being resisted in some states this
conflict has been going on for half a
century for the rise in casualties and
the scramble for land and water
many nodular say they believe the
violence will get worse before it gets
better
augmented Greece al-jazeera McCawley
Nigeria
