a last-minute attempt to keep the
nuclear deal with Iran on track the
meeting between the foreign ministers of
the three European Union nations which
signed it and their Iranian counterpart
comes ahead of a decision in Washington
on reapplying sanctions the European
Union remains committed to support the
full and effective implementation of the
agreements including to make sure that
the lifting of nuclear-related sanctions
has a positive impact on trade and
economic relations with Iran including
benefits for the Iranian people u.s.
President Donald Trump has repeatedly
threatened to tear up the agreement
which he's called the worst deal ever it
was signed at a time of heightened
tensions across the region some of
Iran's neighbors had been talking about
a possible military strike against the
country Tehran's made no secret of its
arsenal of russian-made ballistic
missiles but some countries including
Israel claimed it also had an active
nuclear weapons program Iran insisted
its nuclear agenda was purely civilian
but under the deal it agreed to end
research in return for the partial
lifting of sanctions allowing it to
access global financial markets and
crucially sell its oil last summer
president Trump agreed to waive
sanctions on Iran's oil industry but
things could be about to change in
October he announced a new Iran policy
Iran is not living up to the spirit of
the deal I am announcing a new strategy
to address the full range of Iran's
destructive actions Trump's called for
sanctions on Iran's Revolutionary Guard
and he also wants to extend time limits
on the country's nuclear research and
curtail its missile program he's
refusing to recertify the deal unless
Congress passes legislation amending it
but Democrats say they won't back any
changes not supported by European allies
who insist any alterations would be in
breach of the international agreement
it leaves Donald Trump with two choices
rectify the deal and keep it alive or
reject it and trigger an international
crisis we are discussing
American allies and friends that we
should separate two things from each
other first we want to preserve the
jcpoa the nuclear deal with the Iran
because it's in in oral in our interest
not to develop or to see that nuclear
weapons are developed in the Iran given
the strength of feeling here in Europe
and warnings in the u.s. itself it's
likely president Trump will in fact
refrain from reapplying those oil
sanctions on Iran but that certainly
doesn't mean he's going to give up
trying to change the terms of the
nuclear deal and so the uncertainty over
the future of Iran's nuclear program
goes on
Nadeem Baba al Jazeera Brussels
