he's not about to become a professional
footballer but mo farah is in the
process of changing careers after
winning six world titles and four
Olympic gold medals on the track he's in
Qatar to run the Doha half marathon a
first step towards his new goal of
Olympic mouth on gold
my name is to go to the Tokyo 2020 see
how it depends on my body just well I've
got to look after stay injury-free stay
focused stay hungry and keep doing I'm
doing and I am enjoying it hi guys
mo far as a center attention here in
Doha he's won so many championships than
gold medals worldwide he's gonna go down
as a legend of the track the question is
now whether he can achieve the same
success as a marathon runner to
emphasize his change of direction
Britain's most decorated athletes now
wants to go by his full name Mohammed
again distancing himself from his former
glories although it may take some
adjusting - you know people think mo
he's a great track - gods got medals can
you do it in America that's the
questions done I'm like guys leave
everything government and on the track
that way the moat and ask they're gonna
say a new chapter
his journey to the top hasn't come
without controversy his relationship
with Alberto Salazar has generated
unwanted headlines far as former coach
is being investigated by the US
anti-doping agency for what's called
unlawful conduct and the Somali born
Muslim has been vocal politically
criticizing Donald Trump's US ban on
travelers from a number of predominately
Muslim countries he says athletes need
to stand up for what they believe is
right now it's important that we
concentrate athletics and we do stand up
for the rights of right things you know
for me strongly when I spoke about
Donald Trump it affected me and my
family and so many member people who
were in the same position as me and the
track King says long distance success on
the road is the only story he wants to
be the focus of in the year ahead
Sohail Malik al Jazeera Doha
