when President Trump came to the United
Nations the first other world leader he
met was his French counterpart he and
Emmanuel macron embraced warmly they're
known to get on well something that is
perhaps remarkable when you realize has
became clear in their speeches that they
have very different visions of the way
the world should be run trumps world
view is America first with all the other
countries also putting their own
national interests first - he laid that
out in a speech that didn't get off to a
good start when his bold claim was met
with gasps of astonishment and then
laughter in less than two years my
administration has accomplished more
than almost any administration in the
history of our country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay Trump talked about a constellation
of strong sovereign independent nations
it of course raises the question of
whether the US will give up its moral
leadership on issues like human rights
America will always choose independence
and cooperation over global governance
control and domination I honor the right
of every nation in this room to pursue
its own customs beliefs and traditions
the United States will not tell you how
to live or work or worship a couple of
hours later and the French president was
at the same podium he agreed the world
faced crisis but for very different
reasons
nationalism he said meant that
international cooperation was breaking
down there's no need to look too far to
see who is to blame there here in this
assembly they're speaking today those
responsible are us and the leaders of
the world it was an impassioned speech
he said he didn't believe in the law of
the strongest and he made a passionate
defense of parts of the system the Trump
administration has either attacked or
defunded we shall support those working
for peace and humanity UNESCO the
conscience of the United Nations the
Human Rights Council the International
Criminal Court under WA for whom were
increasing our support in his speech
President Trump said his administration
will reassess how much money it gives to
the UN and how much funds it gives in
international aid that potentially is
setting up a new confrontation for next
year president macro says he wants to
give 40 percent more in international
aid and France is heading the g7 next
year it wants all the members which
include the u.s. to give more James
BAE's al Jazeera at the United Nations
