on the first day there were 500 families
now there's a tent city on the outskirts
of San Paulo it's a land occupation
organized like many others to pressure
the government into providing affordable
housing some here are homeless others
live in overcrowded often irregular
dwellings like Adriana she shares a
two-bedroom house with her three
children parents and siblings
I want a house for my kids where they
can be raised in safety and quiet our
own house city house prices are so high
that those on minimum wage would have to
save for 40 years to buy one what are
the possibilities for you to afford your
own house it's impossible she says but
until recently a pioneering government
program was making the impossible
possible minha casa minha vida' which
means my house my life helped millions
to get subsidized homes but it's been
drastically cut minha casa minha vida'
has accounted for three-quarters of all
homes built over the last decade it's
been a tremendous lifeline to the
working-class but it's also helped leave
the brazilian government broke now work
has slowed down or stopped on
developments like this one the housing
deficit is growing again the problem may
be resurfacing now but high urban land
prices have been a problem for decades
Baltic Aldana a housing expert says this
is an opportunity for a more sustainable
solution to be found the government
should use its power to buy tracts of
land and then sell them to developers to
build moderately priced housing that way
it can make a bit of money provide
housing and regulate the system to
reduce the price of land
for now the only method Adriana and many
others have is to dig in and put
pressure on a struggling government
provide John Holman al-jazeera Sao Paulo
