I have to be okay you're in the stream
I'm Malika Bilal today a recent rise in
attacks on migrants is shining the
spotlight on racism in Greece and also
calling on the country to examine the
growing popularity of a right-wing
political party
since December the 25th more than 30
homes of migrant laborers have been the
target of violence in the Greek city of
Piraeus
those behind the attacks are believed to
be members of the neo-fascist political
party Golden Dawn the group has grown in
popularity over the years that's thanks
to their anti-establishment rhetoric and
their ability to use the national
resentment over Greece's financial
crisis in 2016 the government
established an official office for
complaints of fascism and violence but
activists say it has been of little help
so here to help us talk about this
Petros Constantino he's in athens city
councillor and the National Coordinator
of curva that's an anti-fascist
organization dedicated to fighting
racism you know svaha Madine he's the
president of the Greek forum on refugees
Tina Stefon Aki she's a human rights
lawyer and assistant coordinator at the
racist violence recording Network and in
Cyprus Antonis el lunes he's an
associate professor of political science
at the University of Cyprus he's also
currently working on a book about the
rise of Golden Dawn it's good to see you
everybody wish it was under better
circumstances I want to show you a
picture audience and guests as well this
is Ashfaq Marmot he was one of two
migrant laborers he was attacked and
this was back at the end of last year
towards the end of last year I'm going a
little bit closer so you can see some of
his wounds and another attack here you
news when you see this when you see
these attacks can you relate does this
resonate with use this part of what
you're trying to prevent in Greece okay
when I see these pictures I already have
a file of tens of pictures of like this
that I myself I have witnessed and I
have shooted them and me myself also I
have been victims of Russia's attacks in
my office so I want to explain more that
attacks itself it is not the big issue
for us the big issue especially for me
that I was witnessing recording and also
registering it and also taking the
authorities the
big issue was also the reactions of the
authorities for example when I was
attacked when the police came when I
referred to the collision stations when
I started and when I said that I want to
make a complaint the reaction of the
police and the authorities that was the
shocking for me that the policeman in
front of the police station he said that
if you want to make a complaint I will
put you in that detention center for
three nights
it was the shocking point for me that I
was the president of organisation I knew
the language I have documents so for
thousands and thousands of refugees and
migrants that they didn't have documents
they didn't know language and nothing
nothing so you can imagine what does it
mean this rushes from violence on that
time in 2011 10 11 10 11 12 and 13 and
14 like this so Petros you know what
Yunus is talking about there detailing
there is perhaps a wider perception and
attitude towards attacks like these and
we're seeing that online as well what
that wider perception looks like al
Jazeera English sent out this tweet it's
been happening at least three times per
week that's the anti-migrant attack it's
surging in Piraeus and we got this
response to that tweet nick says Greeks
don't have the basic needs to survive do
you think that we care about them he
goes on to say I'm a young 19 year old
Greek unemployment is that 50% for the
young people and I don't have a future
I'm always anxious about how I'm going
to survive when I hear refugees
complaining about their basic needs I'm
really sorry but I don't care about them
I can't explain it any better than that
Petros can you talk to us about some of
the attitudes that are very similar to
Nicks and prep similar to the police
officers that Eunice was talking about
the reaction that's just mentioned
before it's
tiny minority in this country when
during 2015 more than 1 million refugees
came in in Greece from competitive from
the islands 85% of the population were
supporting refugees in 55% of the
population it just gave something water
they opened their house give support
foot load and the movement here in
Greece really fought for opening the
border and giving human conditions for
health for housing for all the same
people
of course in Greece because usually we
saw that the faces of the refugees were
attacked the situation sometimes is much
worse in Greece we had murders but at
the murders of Pavlos fyssas and
musician which shows act look man
Pakistani water they were stabbed to
death by squads of Golden Dawn in Greece
races comes from above come from the
government but we have also a unity
party there that has organized all of
these attacks a lot of attacks that were
all canal organized for years from the
period of flow I would say from 2010 to
that's the day that powerless pieces was
murder and the police and the government
moved to a crackdown against the
neo-nazis hundreds and more than 1000
people they were stamped they were
attacked after that all these attacks
they felt almost you sometimes and not
all the hundreds in the thousand that
that we had most of the attacks in
Greece they were related with a new Nazi
Party of Golden Dawn they are now on
trial in that period in 2013 the whole
parliamentary group ended in prison
because of the murder of public spaces
and now we are more than we here yes
they are
a shoe distinction and also for business
matters and for hundreds of attacks
against the migrants and refugees so
what is important in Greece we have
visit neo-nazi party that it is
organizing for four years all of these
attacks the police was covering all
these attacks a large part of the
policemen there were members of Golden
Dawn they were covering their actions so
what you news stand before the really
Golden Dawn party and all this who are
attacking they they were thinking that
they have immunity interactions say no
it goes let me just bring in Antonis
here cuz Antonius you're working right
now in a book about Golden Dawn so the
court cases people being put into prison
does that mean that Golden Dawn now is
shrinking that their efforts to spread
their philosophy through Greece
deafening well I think what is really
alarming is that electorally it hasn't
really gone down that much since the the
trial has started or since the arrests
of 2013 after the murders so it's now
the third biggest party in Greece he got
something like seven percent and it's
falling slightly higher but
organizationally it has been in decline
I would say since 2013 so it's local
branches a number of them have shut down
it's very difficult for the party to be
out in the streets in part because of
the anti-fascist mobilization that has
been taking place across a number of
cities primarily large urban centers so
I think this attacks recent attacks
Imperials are very alarming and to some
extent that they are surprising because
this organization is largely in decline
so one would think that this wouldn't be
happening on the other hand we've seen
this happen before we've seen it
happen in 2012 in 2013 very similar
attacks by people who are associated
with the Golden Dawn and they're now
facing trial for four crimes for nearly
killing or killing people so on the one
hand it's it's it's not surprising we've
seen it before on the other hand this
organization at least in terms of its
infrastructure is seems to be in decline
so it is a bit surprising that we see
this imperious
at this at this moment so Antonis I hear
you there and of course you are writing
a book on this so I I will defer to you
as the expert here on whether or not
that are declining but there is a
sentiment online that's afraid that
they're not so have a listen to this
video comment this is from Mary she's a
researcher who's also researching Golden
Dawn and this is what she told the
stream support for Golden Dawn and
Greece is very small and it's declined
since 2012
rather than grown they now hold 16 seats
out of 300 however it is significant
that a disproportionate number of Greek
police seemed to support Golden Dawn
thus that could be providing a veil of
protection for Golden Dawn inspired
violence there's some evidence that this
is the case and if true the impact of
Golden Dawn might be greater than what
we think
so she min since they are declining what
she brings up a point that we heard
petrol spring up and unis bring up about
the police that relates to something in
this tweet this is from Mariana who says
what seems more dangerous to me is not
Golden Dawn societal influence as it's
clear where they represent and where
they come from what concerns me the most
is the way the refugee crisis is used by
other parties in the so-called
Democratic spectrum she goes on to say
take for example the fact that popular
high ranking MPs of the main opposition
party in Greece share similar attitudes
towards refugees with Golden Dawn their
rhetoric will have a much more negative
impact than golden Dawn's and the
rhetoric will shape people's attitudes
Tina what do you make of that this is
wider than just say Golden Dawn
I may add something to what was has been
said before is yes I mean attacks have
been clearly decreased since the
persecution of golden tones Golden Dawn
members and that's why actually the
outcome of this trial is so important
for the development of group violence in
Greece but we have also to say to know
that I mean tolerance and impunity in
previous years also you know not only a
health you know these attacks increase
but also they we've got the Great
Society familiarize with these violence
so in a small as Tony said before we
have in you know small cities we have
these groups you know that we have
attacked by groups on the islands on
smaller cities in Athens we still have
and we have a slight increase in to 17
so although the golden the try the trial
is ongoing and we we see that they don't
elect to be you know members of Golden
Dawn but the but the violence is there
and the motor chopper and has not has
not changed as you said it's very
violent very violent attacks like victim
suffered multiple injuries as you as you
already note and so yes that the
response of the authorities and the
other parties is very important Tina are
you seeing a difference between attacks
on migrant laborers perhaps and attacks
on refugees is there any difference
between these kind of attacks not really
because they you know when we talk about
group group attacked by groups there are
mostly you know motorcycle torn food
groups you know are using very sharp
objects brass knuckles you know very
violent objects to attack one or two
persons at least they also you know use
very very violent the abuse verbally
very violent victims and
in many cases the victims are around so
we have in the in the cases that finally
reached justice and the police and I
have to say that you know since the well
we we managed to advocate it a lot and
we managed to modify the the legislation
and provide victims with undocumented
you know migrants with your fraternity
to have access to justice although in
practice it's more complicated so
although I mean then you see that
finally victims I mean it's very
difficult for victims to do it to to go
to do the police things you know they
don't have the support but they need to
have as victims of racist violence as
many other victims of other types of
violence just take pause for a moment I
I want to take our audience back to June
2012 and that was when Golden Dawn had
just won several seats in parliament and
one of those members Ilias Cazadores
participated in a political chat show it
was on Greek television I want to show
you how he handled himself not the only
time that's happened Petrus it would be
wrong to say that here's one Golden Dawn
member this means that they're all
violent because the way that he
conducted himself but there is this
seems to be this theme of violence that
runs through this movement I want to
make sure that I haven't thrown it all
out of proportion
do you see that because you're fighting
it in Greece Petrus the person that you
showed that he's now elected in the in
the Parliament and also in Athens
municipality as counselor he was one of
the educator of these Ottoman troops now
in the process of the trial we see a lot
of videos
she was also living a big problem in the
streets in the streets of Athens with
the group of fascists that we are taking
in the daylight a lot of migrants and I
mean the big problem in Greece is that
this party they entered the parliament
in there using the parliament they are
using their electoral success in order
to build classical storm troops as other
Hitler was building in the period of the
thirties but we should start also the
the other part of the picture in Greece
there is a huge anti-fascist movement
from the 2013 when they met their
publish offices in the all the process
of the trial started hundreds of
thousands of Greek people they got on
the street and they are shouting loudly
that this party it should be stopped
their offices they should be closed
they shouldn't be given spacing in the
media the Greek parliament has already
voted that the money that they could get
from the budget has been stopped because
of the child so there is an effort by
the new Knights of God that don't to say
ok we're one political party as all the
others this is not the truth this is a
neo-nazi party that in the middle of an
economic crisis in the political crisis
they try to exploit this as they did in
the thirties but hopefully there is big
resistance in this country and I want to
say to all the people that are watching
that on 70 not much this year there is
an international day of fight against
racism fascist because we see these
voices and these political forces are
arising in Europe arising in France
arising in Austria but they are now
getting in the government arising in
Germany so for us it is not only to
describe all this but a nasty picture
but it will show that in Greece there is
a huge anti-fascist movement that can
stop the unities so I hear what you're
saying in here's someone who might agree
with you this is
ramier on twitter who says one issue is
the roots of attraction to far-right
groups among Greeks many Golden Dawn
supporters are just angry Greeks who
lost their jobs or can enjoy life as
they used to before the economic crisis
policymakers and banks are the cause of
that crisis but they're not seen on the
streets while refugees are visible to an
angry public on the streets which makes
them vulnerable a lot of people unis are
seeing this as the reason for why there
is anger there and they're saying the
government isn't doing enough but in
2016 the Ministry of Justice enacted a
committee to fight racism and xenophobia
you're on that committee do you see that
as part of the efforts what what's
happened so far yeah of course there
there has been some positive steps since
of course many positive steps especially
in judicial system and also new
Authority and even in in police stations
as you mentioned at the first step there
are all some good steps at the Society
also as its petrol Spanish and of course
we have very colorful anti-fascist
movements that they are supporting but
for us as refugees but still the fair or
veer that's the reality that we see that
of course we don't have attacks of
course the attacks or had been decreased
much more now we don't have the
incidents that we had every day and I
can remember that 30 attacks we had in
one day on on refugees and migrants at
the street of Athens just at the center
of our tents so but the problem is that
we know that among the eight parties and
the Parliament Golden Dawn is the third
party which is which is concerning for
us of course they are not attacking but
but they can show us that they are here
they have power and they are powerful so
I think that the government the society
and all the party should should concern
about this issue that this party should
not be even in the in the parliament
that but it is now the third party of
course it is it is not a big numbers of
chairs in the parliament but it is a
good opportunity 1414 that they are
using this it is it is the most
important and from the
other point I want to say something else
also as I said in judicial and also some
changes some positive changes we have
seen but one thing that even the
government and also I don't see in
public debate it is the problem of
raising awareness to the migrants and
refugees themselves we know that most of
them they are coming from Afghanistan
which which decades there have been
victims of violence or rushes and
violence or any kind of other violence
or for example from Iran or Iraq or
Syria or Kurdish people they have been
already victims of Russians in their
country so when they are coming in
Greece most of them didn't they don't
know their rights about Russia from
violence and they don't know if they
should go to to make a complaint so
there is a big gap there in in Greece
for raising awareness to the to migrants
and refugees themselves because we know
Greece is also a country a passage
country even now the peoples that they
are entering Greece for the first time
in a European country in a place that
they can make a complaint and a place
that there is a a system that somehow
they protect I know but it still
compounds compounds the challenges let
me show you something here Antonis this
is all neuro news Twitter blocks the
account of Greece's far-right Golden
Dawn party what impact could that
possibly have Antonis so the Golden Dawn
does not have major resources at this
point because doesn't have state funding
to communicate with voters through the
mainstream media so it has been using
social media quite a bit both its
website as well as the social media so
denying it the possibility to use
Twitter is important but it's also I
think a very strong signal about what
people and what organisations both
national and international can do to
push parties to become more democratic
or to become democratic or to deny them
the possibility to be part of the
national dialogue if they are not so I
think it's a big dilemma that the more
she's faced internationally what should
they do with actors that are not
democratic and what kind of tools can
they use to combat extremism so III
think Twitter is sending a very strong
signal about what can be done and from
that point on of course we have to sit
down and wait and see what effects this
have on the electoral support of these
parties I wonder though Tina if moves
like Twitter's to ban the party on that
platform will have a backlash we got
this tweet from Markos
who says Golden Dawn the third largest
party in Greece in both the Greek
parliament and the EU Parliament was
banned from Twitter anyone who was
against third world replacement
migration as he puts it is an extremist
neo-nazi to even suggest that Greece is
for the Greeks is dub extreme by the
corporate media and globalist shills
this is actually on the internet not
directly to the stream but this is a
concept that's out there Tina what do
you make of what he's saying of course
that's why I think it's very important I
mean this question is closely and
directly related because I mean if it's
if it's found that it's a criminal
organization I mean I think everything
is easier you know to discuss I mean the
you know freedom of expression has its
own limits which are clear in the US but
any in any case you know criminal I mean
range hate speech may not be excused
especially when it's linked to the
incitement of violence so we have the
criteria and we have fellows it's not
very easy it's always an ad hoc basis
that you know competent authorities
judicial authorities have to do to judge
but I think that's why I mean you know
the outcome of this trial will be very
very decisive for all these questions do
you feel like Tina just very briefly
write the end of the show without with
the end of Golden Dawn that's done then
we're done with it
it depends on how defense good answer I
mean you know how it will be handled by
the media editor as well and we know
that say hey halloween we said that a
core of the voters are there Tina
Antonius and Petros we thank you very
much for being part of this conversation
Malika look at the last word - Mariana
on Twitter who says the main question
though is whether this rhetoric will
translate into votes in future elections
we'll see thank you very much guest
thank you community we continue our
conversation always at the stream using
hashtag a day stream online see you next
time
you
you
