November 2013 and thousands protested in
Ukraine's independence square the
uprising led to the overthrow of the
government of then president Yanukovych
by June 2014 officials in the new
government had traced and frozen 1.5
billion dollars that they claimed had
been siphoned off shore by the ousted
president and his clan but they had to
prove the money was stolen and that
Yanukovych had stolen it returning
assets is always complicated
it requires cooperation across multiple
jurisdictions it requires very long
elaborate legal processes and you are
fighting against very very rich
defendants who are gonna hire the best
lawyers to defend themselves in May last
year the prosecutor general suddenly
announced the government had seized the
1.5 billion dollars but how they done it
was a mystery because he declared the
order a state secret it is shocking that
rather than being something which is
open in which Ukrainian people should
know you know who and what had been
taken from them by whom
instead of that it's all kept secret
al-jazeera investigations has obtained
this exclusive copy of the ruling this
ruling clearly identifies investment
capital Ukraine acting as a brokerage
firm for some of the companies involved
in Yanukovych is corruption that's
embarrassing for the government because
at the time ICU was led by the current
head of Ukraine's Central Bank Valerio
Gunter / and it has advised President
Petro poroshenko here seen with his
predecessor Viktor Yanukovych in 2012
our colleagues in Kiev want to see a
government that is committed to
transparency a government whose actions
in tackling corruption today and from
past eras are subject to public scrutiny
so that people can have confidence now
campaigners are asking tough questions
why has the firm not been investigated
for its role in a multi-million
of fraud and why for years on has nobody
from the Yanukovych clam face justice
will Jordan al Jazeera President
poroshenko tells al Jazeera he strongly
supports efforts to fight corruption in
Ukraine and that I see you and no longer
his financial advisors I see you and
Valerio gone forever said all the firm's
transactions fully complied with the law
and that the transactions had been found
by law-enforcement bodies and market
regulators to be aboveboard I see us
role was limited to that of an agent
