torrential rains moving inland from the
Pacific Ocean devastated the very same
parts of California that were ravaged by
wildfires last month the only words I
can really think of to describe what it
looked like was it looked like a World
War one battlefield it was literally a
carpet of mud and debris everywhere
deadly mudslides raced down canyons in
Montecito near Santa Barbara leveling
homes and destroying everything the
fires left unharmed
I heard the rumble of the rocks and
looked over at the rear and now the
trees are just coming down
choo-choo-choo you heard of a little
baby a car they stranded the fate of its
owner
unknown rivers of thick grey muck course
through upscale neighborhoods and roads
were overwhelmed including the major
north-south coastal highway 101 the
recent fires stripped steep hillsides of
brush and other vegetation that normally
anchors the earth in place
firefighters say the burnt landscape
makes the soil more susceptible to
giving way without warning in heavy rain
what happens once the ground gets
saturated with soil it starts giving
it's kind of like building a sandcastle
at the beach Sue's out sand gets
saturated with water it's just gonna
slough off and that's what we're seeing
here behind me
as crews work to clear roads and move
debris word came that several residents
had died in the floods thousands of
others were under mandatory evacuation
orders the death toll is expected to
rise Rob Reynolds al-jazeera Los Angeles
