o Muhammad when anti-government protests
began last month Iran's supreme leader
said he would speak about the unrest at
an appropriate time knowing his would be
the final word on Tuesday Ayatollah Ali
Khamenei blamed foreign intervention by
Iran's enemies for the demonstrations
that resulted in the deaths of at least
22 people it was a messy that in
according to evidence there's a
triangular patent it was formed by the
US and Zionists the money came from a
wealthy government near the Persian Gulf
the third element were henchmen hired as
minions for his plot he also had a
warning for anyone seeking to use these
demonstrations to overthrow Iran's
government you failed he said and you
will fail in the future too in his
speech the supreme leader said that when
he called foreign agents who were behind
the anti-government demonstrations
adopted a slogan of high prices knowing
that that was something that would
resonate with many Iranians Khamenei
acknowledged economic hardships faced by
Iranian families and admitted the
country had work to do to solve its own
problems but people struggling to pay
their bills say there needs to be less
talk and more action to improve living
standards these protests were because of
economic problems people are frustrated
they have to pay rent
they have university students and their
families their salaries are not enough
for their expenses there's been some
economic depression in society for a
while
job opportunities have decreased God
willing it will get solved economic
problems were preliminary cars but some
people and some foreign agents misused
the situation to create tension one man
who didn't speak to us on camera said
Iran's leaders have been blaming foreign
countries for domestic problems for
years and that it's natural for people
who are frustrated with their leaders to
take to the streets after all he said
that's how the Islamic Republic of Iran
came to power in the first place Zain
bus Ravi al-jazeera Tehran
