anger over the rising price of bread in
Sudan the government's warning
protesters that they'll be confronted
with force if they don't stop with Sudan
suffering from other problems how much
of a threat is the public anger to
President Omar al-bashir this is inside
story
hi welcome to the program I'm Adrienne
Finnegan calling them bread protests
makes the demonstrations in Sudan sound
rather harmless but at least two people
were killed in the outcry against rising
prices this week the government swarms
demonstrators that acts of destruction
will be met with force security forces
have already been firing tear gas at
protesters and arresting opposition
leaders and confiscating newspapers that
doesn't seem to have stopped the unrest
though so what might come next we'll get
to our guests in just a moment but first
al-jazeera's Osama bin Javed reports
there's anger in the Sudanese capital
khartoum people in small numbers have
been protesting against a sudden
increase in prices of basic commodities
only almost half of the cities of saran
are protesting now but the protest
itself is not that big because it's
being treated in a very hard and violent
way
tread is the most important staple for
most Sudanese and the prices have gone
up after the government began a series
of reforms to improve the economy the
government stopped importing wheat since
last month hoping that it would create
competition between private companies
and bring down prices but bakeries say
they have raised prices due to a
shortage of flour the government says
flour is subsidized by ten percent and
they are saying they will remove it next
month whose a hundred sixty and next
month it will reach five hundred fifty
pounds and that's an increase of three
hundred to four hundred percent the
price might be okay for me but not for
other people some families couldn't even
afford it when it was one pound in line
with recommendations by the
International Monetary Fund subsidies
are being eliminated Sudan recently
devalued its currency and now the dollar
is worth 18 Sudanese pounds instead of
seven last year the US government east
financial sanctions against Sudan which
led many to believe that there is an
economic boom on the way combo for Quran
has out of the Saudi because the
sanctions ended we were pleased we began
to rearrange our lives but we are
surprised that life is getting worse
some say there was too much expectation
for change too soon people because the
sanctions were lifted just a few months
ago many people are very likely to argue
that well now that sanctions have been
lifted maybe you're going to have a
magic one for which it was lifted
yesterday and today your conditions
actually change which is not necessarily
the case but of course there is politics
also and this government continues to be
rather repressive you know the Interior
Minister has denied that the
demonstrations are in response to the
hike in prices he told the state news
agency that protesters who cause
destruction will be dealt with force in
recent weeks Sudanese security forces
arrested three opposition leaders and
blocked the sale of six newspapers but
the unrest has an ended sama bin Javed
al Jazeera
rising bread prices triggered the most
recent protests but they seem to be a
symptom of growing disillusionment with
the Sudanese government and President
Omar al-bashir he came to power after
leading a bloodless coup in 1989 the
former Army colonel has been in office
then for nearly 30 years and almost
during that entire time Sudan has been
at war with what became South Sudan and
in Darfur
al Bashir is accused of committing war
crimes in the Western oil-rich region
the International Criminal Court issued
a warrant for his arrest in 2009 but
he's remained free sanctions were
imposed for years and were only lifted
last year they're partly to blame for
the worsening economy as prices have
risen the value of the currency the
Sudanese pound has fallen well we spoke
to a number of Sudanese government
representatives about coming on to the
program to put the Sudanese government
point of view but none would accept our
invitation so let's join our guests for
today from Khartoum Hafiz Muhammad is
the director of justice Africa that's an
advocacy organization and Research
Institute to campaign for human rights
and social justice across Africa also in
Khartoum via Skype is battle dean saleh
who's a protester there's also a student
at the University of Khartoum gentlemen
welcome to you both
better all day let's start with you
you're currently as I understand it we
saw you in our report a few moments ago
you're currently in hiding from the
police tell us why what's happened to
you and your friends places and the
regime and exposes are trying to stop
this protest by resting the people and
by kidnapping the protesters to stop
this protest and to stop this uprising
from continuing so they have arrested
lots of people they have arrested lots
of protesters and lots of political
activists from their houses yesterday
and on the day before on the start of
this week they have arrested
several political leaders from several
parties like I'm gonna be gay a diligent
lad a student activist a news activist
from the universities to try to stop the
protests that is going on going on the
streets
you use the word kidnapping there what
happens to these people when security
forces taken away you've got personal
experience of this because you've been
arrested several times over the past
twelve months haven't you getting the
right of a fair trial so they are hiding
people in El comunicados these protests
battery in the government says have
nothing to do with with food prices it's
basically dissent that's being quashed
here and that violent protests will be
met with force
are they right what is it that you're
protesting about is it is it the rising
price of the rising cost of living here
or are you protesting against the rule
of Omar al-bashir both of them of course
because this policy surprisingly the
prices that we saw at the budget of 2018
is relevant to the regime it's tell to
its policy since 2013 the rises in these
prices and the policies of not
supporting the the basic living
standards of the people have started
long time ago and of course we are
protesting it is against these policies
and against the regime itself all right
so let's bring in heaviest Mohammed then
also in Khartoum have fees why have the
prices of staple goods in Sudan risen so
high so quickly and at what's behind
Sudan's rampant rate of inflation yeah I
think is to do with you know the the
infrastructures Danny's economy is very
weak this is why I think the government
only resort to increasing taxes direct
and indirect taxes and that is what
really raised up you know most of the
prices of the Central Committee teas
from
commodities for people and many Sudanese
who are you know with an average income
is big life become unbearable for them
because they simply cannot afford you
know even a meal a day and the reason
why because there is we we agree there
is economic problem in Sudan but I think
what are the prescription which is a
government is using it the right one I
don't think it is
because you know they they actually they
trouble that you know the the customs
red and and also other taxes are the
same and that actually put pressure on
the many many people who are you know
they have a very limited income in terms
of increasing the price of bread and
other essential goods and everything is
actually have increased and and that and
also at the other reason is actually the
continued deterioration of the value of
the Sudanese currency the the pound and
you know it's continuously and the
government have known they don't have
the means to intervene to actually stop
the deterioration of the concept called
simply they don't have enough reserves
to actually intervene and actually limit
that the deterioration of the value of
the Sudanese currency and if that
continues that is an inflationary in the
economy because if you increase the
taxes especially in the indirect taxes
and also at the same time the the value
of your currency is prompting that that
means anything which is imported from
outside is going to double the price or
triple the price the excise duty is
being trouble and that is all the whole
that will have a very serious impact on
the cost of living and you know lives of
many many Sudanese people whose very
limited income
I don't think it's a right prescription
address the chronical problem which is
Sudan is that the government says that
the day's austerity measures that it's
that it's implemented or in response to
IMF recommendations but but as far as
you're concerned it's not going the
right way about fixing the Sudanese
economy yeah I think we know Sudanese
government is to start implementing the
I actually I just meant program of the
IBF since 1978 and what happened is the
Sudan II of the column is just
plummeting down and down and going to
the drills and that what happen this is
not the right prescriptions what the
government is doing is if they if they
really want to external the economy then
it can close grow this is not the right
way because they are not encouraging you
know small businesses or farmers to quit
because the cost of the inputs of all
industries are actually going up at the
same times you know the cost of living
is going up and people can not actually
afford to buy the competitive and you
cannot use only taxes to improve the
economy I think what you need to do you
need to assemble the economy and and
economics with the very low taxes are
the better economic economies to grow
but not opposite and I don't think just
an easy way of just imposing taxes on
everyone and everything and believe that
this is going to address the problem no
the other thing is if you look at the
current budget I think most and seventy
percent of the budget is going for
defense security and also paying for the
government pro prac it not are not going
to investment on education or health or
training for young Sudanese who cannot
get jobs I don't think the police is
addressing the problem I think the
budget itself is causing these problems
and it is going to make the economic
situation in Sudan more actually
difficult and more chronicle and is
difficult for anyone to address it on to
resolve it and I think they have to
change that it is not the right budget
and it has to change it is not going to
address the problem and it is going to
make it actually more complete
complicated and they are not going to
attract foreign investment because they
know that a high taxes economy always
investors don't like it and we know that
you know if you want the economy to grow
you have to invest in people invest in
training best implication inversing has
an infrastructure and that is not
happening the investment is going to you
know defense security another and I
don't think that is going to address the
the chronical economic problem which is
Sudan is the Sudan economy is facing all
right bad retain its Allah
we talked earlier about perhaps these
protests having a little more to do with
with Omar al-bashir rather than just
protests over over high prices the fact
that opposition leaders have been
arrested newspapers have been taken off
off the newsstands how strong is the
opposition in in Sudan does it have the
clout to bring people onto the streets
in in greater numbers could this protest
movement grow try to work in an
environment which is very restricted by
the violent of the regime in 2013 they
killed 300 protesters in three days so
if we want to speak about the the
struggle of the protest and strong of
this political opposition parties we
should give a space of freedom which is
not available now and so the regime may
say the opposition parties are weak but
the people are strong capable of
defending their minds if it was thinking
like Denis so do you think this protest
movement could grow we could see further
unrest in the future in Sudan and if so
how will the government respond what's
going to happen threaten its existence
at all and its policies but we are ready
for the violent of this regime we're
going to depend on rights to exist and
we're gonna continue protesting for the
people of Sudan and for delivery of
those people who have no chance of
living in this economic economic
policies now because the main income is
like the the legal minimum income of the
people by the Sudanese labor law is 550
which is $18 which is not enough for one
person per week it's not enough for the
people people are starving people cannot
survive in the city
so people will notice to keep their life
of his the interior minister says that
the protesters who quote cause
destruction will be dealt with by force
can the government contain these
demonstrations if they grow I think look
the government they can they only have
the force to use but I think if they
really want to address the underlying
causes which is actually pushing many
people to come out i I said they people
are coming out because they feel the
pain of these economic policies not
because leaders of opposition ask them
to come out and they came in without
anyone organizing them the problem is if
the government is able to address the
economic problem which is facing the
country if they are not able to address
this problem then the discontent is
going to continue it's not going to stop
because just using security and power to
try and suppress you know people who are
complaining about the policies of the
government which is driven them to
poverty and deprivation I don't think
that is going to address the problems it
might not change the government now but
the problem will stay and if the problem
is there the country is not going to be
stable because you know you need to
address these issues and this is our
political issues before they become
economical if we don't actually
restructure the whole country in a way
which is confronting properly and serve
the people and address the underlying
problems instead of investment investing
most of the sourcing of the country and
defence and insecurity I am NOT
addressing the underlying process
because if the underlying code is
becoming and the economic deprivation
continue then I don't think we see any
rest incident I think the average will
continue because people are just not
going to keep quiet because life is just
becoming official and I think the
government have to look at that and I
need to address this this is President
Bashar listening to that argument do you
think I think he knows the problems I
don't pretending that he knows a problem
because he's in Sudan and he's actually
you know he talked to people he he he
knows exactly what's going on
the problem is the question is if you
have a solution for this problem that is
the question which you actually need to
see an answer from the government and
from the trade and whether they have
answer to this problem which is face and
country because at the end of the day
it's the government has to address these
problems is not the people the people
are only reacting to what the government
policy - and the impact of that policy
on their life and livelihood I think
they know that there is a chronical
problems but the problem is you have to
engage others to try and find a solution
and this is a political it is political
before it become economical if you don't
address the political crisis routine
stresses the country then we will not
going to see any product any progress in
the in the economic field just before I
hand it back to bat-erdene half is the
u.s. lifted Franco
financial sanctions against Sudan last
year why hasn't that improved the loss
of the Sudanese people the problem is
not the sanction the problem is the
management of the country you know that
build many countries in this way they
have sanctions and they may need to cope
because they know how to manage their
economic to manage their country the
problem is management it is not even the
sanction is being removed and I don't
think that will have a serious impact
because you will have to change the way
we actually run things with the way we
manage things and how the content is
being run that is a problem you know not
the American or the Europeans are not
going to come and run the country for us
and then the people who run the country
they have to change course and they have
to actually come out with the right
policies with the right way of running
the country that is a problem blaming
the sanction and now with the expose
because the sanction is me remove and
actually the situation is deteriorating
even more before the sanctions the
problem is the country infrastructure
has been destroyed the management of the
of the country need to be addressed and
need to be reformed more inclusiveness
within the government needs to happen
and happen quickly for the Sudan Sudan
to get out of this problem but otherwise
we will going to be in this situation
continuously and day by day the economic
is going to reality if the government is
all the resorting to this type of
comment of policies in K
in taxis I'm putting more burden on the
you know the many millions of
disadvantaged Sudanese que who cannot of
even afford a meal a day and that's not
kind of continue petrol Dean what do you
make of what you just heard there I mean
let's face it
Omar al-bashir has been in power for
almost 30 years now he's not gonna go
just because people are out on the on
the streets protesting against the mess
that the economy is in if somehow the
government got its act together and had
improved the lives of ordinary working
people in Sudan do you think people
would would put up with Omar al-bashir
going forward even if he tried to give
some compromises of improving the lives
but let's agree he can't give these
compromises he can't improve a situation
that he destroyed through these 30 years
of covering this country so he will be
trying to keep his power on the blood of
the Sudanese people and people will
still fight back to gain their freedom
and gain the right to live a government
that kills people throughout this time
of every is not capable of providing any
space for political argument or any
space for a democratic changes so the
change in saran will be welcomed in a
very violent way but this how the way it
goes because the government is not
giving any space for freedom it's not
giving any space for any way of
discussion or argument with it in its
policies it's like if we took this
economic policies the the discussion and
argument and the complaints and the
protests have started since the the
independent of South ran when Stan lost
more than 75 percent of the income and
the government depended
on rises in the prices on the customs to
gain an income to support these military
powers with more than 75 or 70% of the
budget now it's taken to a very critical
place where they're putting the army and
the country's army in a very hot place
of trying to create an external enemy of
the issue of supe the dam the egypt and
try to play this role in the regional
with it with regional countries to keep
its place and try to enforce their power
on the sudanese people by pretending of
his i just want to get your thoughts
i've asked you a lot of questions about
Sudan's economy here and the reasons for
these protests what do you think about
the politics here and where these
protests will go and whether they have
the potential to grow any further and
and whether we're likely to see any
further violence in Sudan I think
because this most of this protests are
not well organized it's not been
actually the opposition were actually
calling people to come out and
organizing them it is just some students
and some people who actually feel the
pain of the policies and they came to
demonstrate they are not well organized
I think and now we start seeing some
statement from no parties or communist
parties Sudan Congress party asking
people to come down cell but until now
there is no and organized collective
work which asking people to come out and
the minister yes the statement are
actually asking people to come out and
actually you know remove the government
or or start the government but still it
is just talking there is nothing
actually on the ground to actually make
me believe that there is an organized
act from the opposition which is going
to actually force the government to
change course or okay change the
government until now it's remained to be
seen it is not something that I can
actually say we will talk we will see it
today or tomorrow but the question is
still remain the chronic problem will be
and it is going to be even more hard
that it's more difficult for parent if
that is the issue here this is people
protesting demonstrating against this
type of policy is not going to go away
if this policy state that came well as I
said right at the beginning we invited
representatives from Sudan's government
who were to come on the program to put
the government's point of view and none
would accept our invitation gentlemen
there we're gonna have to end our
discussion many thanks indeed to both of
you Hafiz Muhammad and battle Dean sulla
and thank you for watching don't forget
you can see the program again at anytime
just by going to the website at
aljazeera.com for further discussion
join us at our Facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story
and you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle at AJ inside story
from me Adrian Finnegan and the whole
team here in Doha thanks for watching
we'll see you again bye for now
