this family will get just a few minutes
warmth from their fire here in Mareb
province Yemenis who've lost their homes
in the Civil War are beyond the reach of
even the most basic relief that aid
groups can provide people here are
escaping either Houthi fighters who
control the capital sana or they're
escaping air strikes and attacks by a
coalition of countries led by Saudi
Arabia two million Yemenis have been
displaced since fighting began in
September 2014 we left our homes because
of the war we found ourselves here
without anything we have nothing here
but allah almighty we don't have food
and the weather is very cold four
hundred and sixty thousand displaced
people are in camps like these in mera
province they don't get any humanitarian
assistance we live here in despair we
have kidney problems my kids are also
sick I have nothing and I can do nothing
we urge all countries and international
organizations to pay attention to us
disease is rife as well as the world's
worst cholera epidemic diphtheria is on
the increase and following the killing
of 10,000 people in the fighting the
UN's has 8 million Yemenis are on the
verge of famine Bernard Smith al-jazeera
