these first-time Nigerian migrants
heading home from this holding facility
in Tripoli our worried that the plane
will leave without them the only thing
on their mind now is to get home when
you people leave here they're taking us
back to that prisoner I don't want to
continue you should help us by all means
but many others here have been through
this routine before Sheraton Vincent
says his destiny lies in Europe and he
will make another time to get there so
almost everything I have to embark on
this journey but now I'm going back home
like like like a madman this attitude
has surprised even the experts who say
as many as 45 percent of deported
migrants from Libya attempt to go back
as a human being assume that you I would
my most important goal in life is to
preserve my life and knowing that I come
so close to what I've seen I wouldn't go
but you know survival is also important
to a person if you want a place you
don't see a future then that pushes you
government officials in West Africa
admit that their vast porous borders
makes it difficult to stop what they
call irregular migration at most times
border police feel powerless to make
arrests because of an existing pact that
guarantees freedom of movement of goods
and people it's that same agreement
traffickers and illegal migrants exploit
but the challenges go beyond that it's
frustrating that we as country we're not
working together including Europe it
takes more than returning it takes more
than publicity to do this we need to
work together both sauce transit
destination country to deal with the
criminal groups for now African
countries continue to evacuate citizens
from Libya preventing those citizens
from attempting to reach Europe again is
proving difficult regardless of what
happens to them in transit
Ohama degrees al Jazeera Abuja
