ricardo escobar makes his living
improving the houses of people much
wealthier than he now the migrant from
el salvador may be expelled from the
country where he has lived worked and
raised a family for nearly two decades
this will bite this this is a country of
immigrants all the world is immigrated
here in washington demonstrators
gathered in front of the White House
Monday
protesting a decision by the Trump
administration to take away temporary
protected status or TPS from more than
200,000 Salvadorans they had been
permitted to live in the u.s. following
disastrous earthquakes that struck their
homeland in 2001 this decision you know
he was he wasn't completely unexpected
but it's real and he makes me sad I have
had members of the Union call me today
crying because of this decision Jaime
what are we gonna do the Trump
administration says TPS was never meant
to be permanent and that social
disruptions caused by the earthquakes no
longer exist
last year the Trump administration
stripped temporary protective status
from tens of thousands of people from
Haiti and Nicaragua living in the US El
Salvador is one of the world's most
dangerous places it had the highest
murder rate of any country in 2015
powerful gangs operate with near
impunity and poverty and unemployment
are dire
Escobar does not want to bring his
family there but a you soon I worry a
lot about my children if my son goes
there they'll force him to join a gang
and if he refuses they'll kill him
activists say political pressure is
needed to reverse the decision and that
many children of Salvadoran parents were
born in the US and thus are American
citizens more than 200,000 US citizen
children many of them voting age so
today I'm asking our DPS
families in those immigrants who stayed
home are US citizens and didn't vote in
that selection common boat in 2018 the
administration has given the Salvadoran
residents 18 months to find a way to
obtain legal status or leave the u.s.
forever
in El Salvador the foreign minister
urged Salvadorans in the u.s. not to
become agitated we will continue to work
tirelessly with the United States to
reach a permanent solution for these
compatriots of ours who work and live in
the United States but it's difficult for
people to stay calm when their families
futures are on the line problem is al
Jazeera Los Angeles
