there's anger in the Sudanese capital
khartoum people in small numbers have
been protesting against the sudden
increase in prices of basic commodities
almost half of the cities of saran are
protesting now but the protest itself is
not that big because it's been treated
in a very hard and violent way red is
the most important staple for most
Sudanese and the prices have gone up
after the government began a series of
reforms to improve the economy the
government stopped importing REITs since
last month hoping that it would create
competition between private companies
and bring down prices but bakeries say
they have raised prices due to a
shortage of flour the government says
flour is subsidized by 10 percent and
they are saying they will remove it next
month whose a hundred sixty and next
month it will reach five hundred fifty
pounds and that's an increase of three
hundred to four hundred percent the
price might be okay for me but not for
other people
some families couldn't even afford it
when it was one pound in line with
recommendations by the International
Monetary Fund subsidies are being
eliminated Sudan recently devalued its
currency and now the dollar is worth 18
Sudanese pounds instead of seven last
year the US government eased financial
sanctions against Sudan which led many
to believe that there is an economic
boom on the way Callooh Callay
has out of the Saudi because the
sanctions ended we were pleased we began
to rearrange our lives but we are
surprised that life is getting worse
some say there was too much expectation
for change too soon people because the
sanctions were lifted just a few months
ago many people are very likely to argue
that well now that sanctions have been
lifted maybe you're going to have a
magic one for which it was lifted
yesterday and today your conditions
actually change which is not necessarily
the case but of course there is politics
also and this government continues to be
rather repressive
the interior minister has denied that
the demonstrations are in response to
the hike in prices he told a state news
agency that protesters who caused
destruction will be dealt with force in
recent weeks Sudanese security forces
arrested three opposition leaders and
blocked the sale of six newspapers but
the unrest hasn't ended Solomon Javed al
Jazeera
