a sound all too familiar to many Syrians
as the war enters its eighth year the
concern in Italy province is just how
large the scale of the death and
devastation could be Syrians here
remember what happened in 2016 when
government forces regained control of
Aleppo once Syria's biggest city then
the mole I will stamp on you Bashar we
will look leave we will die in Syria we
are all civilians why do they do this
then America then they are oblique then
the Security Council ed Lib is the
largest remaining rebel stronghold in
Syria during peace negotiations it was
designated a de-escalation zone or safe
haven for civilians it has been anything
but since the government began its
offensive in October to recapture the
province civilians have been killed in
increasing numbers one of the latest
attacks was a car bomb explosion on
Monday killing at least 30 people in the
last week alone
the Turkish human rights group IHH says
more than a hundred thousand people have
been forced from their homes this is the
the story of the of the Syrian war cut
out of control now is not controlled by
the Syrians it's basically part of a
more regional agreement and the
civilians are the first one to pay the
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says
in the last two weeks the government has
regained control of 60 villages in Eid
Lib including Sinjar we have liberated
Sinjar fully this is Sinjar school and
these are grain silos Sinjar has been
liberated from the gangs of jabhat
al-nusra the Syrian government is keen
to make gains in northern Syria the
Kurds control all but a small area of
territory in the north and dream of a
becoming their homeland they're also
hoping for a seat at the negotiating
table during Russian sponsored peace
talks later this month the success of
those talks is already in jeopardy
more than 40 rebel groups including
previous attendees say they won't be
going Natasha can al Jazeera
