concern is growing that the burning
tanker could explode and cause an
environmental disaster if the ship sinks
around a million barrels of all products
could be dumped into the East China Sea
so far the spills been contained by
emergency teams the Iranian tanker
Sanchi were sailing from Iran to South
Korea when it collided with a cargo ship
off the coast of Shanghai late on
Saturday the 21 crew of the Hong Kong
registered CF crystal was soon rescued
but most of the crew of the old tanker
remained missing and according to
Iranian authorities only one body has
been found China's foreign ministry says
who's to blame for the collision remains
unclear mutashabiha Haddad we're
currently so investigating the cause of
the accident we are also very grateful
to other countries who actively
participated in the search and rescue
work of this maritime accident the
tanker had 135 thousand tons of light
crude oil on board based on tonnage the
accident has the potential to be the
worst environmental disaster since 1991
when 260 thousand tons of oil leaked off
the coast of Angola
Imran Khan al Jazeera
