well for Mallis let's bring in the film
historian and professor of media and
communication it's Mary's college in the
u.s. daniel smith rousey joins me on
skype from Berkeley in California good
to have you with us I mean we know that
the sexual harassment issue has been
huge in 2017 but is it really gonna
overshadow what goes on at the Golden
Globes and sort sort of take away from
the celebration of sort of filmic and
television excellence I don't think take
away but there will certainly be a bit
of a blend certainly both currents are
really happening now I think a lot of
the speeches are going to be focused on
that or at least bring it up and then
they'll go on to thank the usual list of
suspects but I think I think they can
happily coexist actually we've seen if
you take sexual harassment to one side
actors in the entertainment industry
have never been fearful about speaking
their minds on political issues whether
it be for example the Vietnam War two
wars in Iraq even presidential elections
dare I say how would you describe the
atmosphere in the industry at the moment
has it been quite divisive because of
these allegations of sexual harassment
towards men and women he can come in
it's not a problem Daniel we're quite
happy to have youngsters on the program
to question yes as you point out very
correctly Hollywood has never been
afraid to be outspoken to jump in there
and I really do think that Hollywood
takes itself seriously in helping to
lead what could be a real cultural sea
change their money where their sort of
mouth is and they set up this legal
defense fund for people who you know
victims across all industries i I do
think I I think they're ready to do that
i I mean or at least a lot of places are
a lot of Hollywood is I think you're
going to see a lot of that I could be
wrong but I think it's gonna happen
right my little child that's great
in terms of me to campaign obviously had
a great influence on that across the
social spectrum in the u.s. it's
certainly not sort of like a one-hit
wonder is it
I don't think the me to campaign is
going to be a one-hit wonder
I honestly think 2018 is going to see
even more sort of an expansion of this a
lot more shoes are going to drop a lot
that the whole thing is going to
metastasize as I spoke about before on
your wonderful program I think you know
you're going to see all the people who
were involved to writing checks to keep
victims silent you're gonna have these
non-disclosure agreements that are gonna
kind of fall by the wayside so I I
honestly I mean if it's up to me to
predict I think 2018 is going to look
like a 12-month version of the last
three months and and perhaps even more
that's what I predict happening
historically we saw a Hollywood movie
back in 1982 that hit the box-office in
big terms Tootsie with Dustin Hoffman
where he's in a situation in the media
where you know you do see sexual
harassment of major television stars
Hollywood did touch on that subject and
it did receive plaudits and Oscar wins
as well it did yeah and I think that's
an interesting movie to bring up I mean
it is 35 years old but it's true that
that was a case of a man trying to
suddenly see how it's like to be a woman
and to realize that you're somewhat
ignored as a woman you know that just
sort of put yourself in the shoes and I
think more men now are maybe learning
the lessons of that movie learning what
it's what it's been like for these women
and I don't exclude myself from that I
think we my son here we have to learn
what it's like or you know girls just
sort of be marginalized and women to be
marginalized and I yeah I think that you
know that's that's a reasonable
reference or some I think we're going to
see a lot of a lot more kind of if you
don't mind me saying woke you know
movies coming from Hollywood it this
year and going forward we'll see what
does happen and it's been great speaking
to you and seeing yourself as well
Daniel thanks so much for joining us
from Berkeley thank you very much for
having us bye
