president Trump arrives back at the
White House having spent his morning at
Camp David firing out a number of tweets
one in support of his advisor Stephen
Miller who angrily defended the
president on a morning talk show Jake
Tapper fake new CNN just got destroyed
in his interview with Stephen Miller of
the Trump administration Trump said
what's the hatred and unfairness of the
CNN flunky in another tweet I've had to
put up with the fake news from the first
day I announced that I would be running
for president now I have to put up with
a fake book written by a totally
discredited author Ronald Reagan had the
same problem and handled it well so will
I the author Michael Wolfe brought up
the possibility of the 25th amendment
being applied in terms of which a
president can be removed from office if
the majority of the cabinet believe he's
unfit to lead if I left out anything as
probably stuff that was even more
damning it's that it's that bad I mean
it's it's an extraordinary moment in
time and the last the last several days
focused on on my book I think are proof
of this this is what happened here
what's going on here this is you know
III think not an exaggeration and not
unreasonable it's not unreasonable to
say this is 25th amendment kind of stuff
in the course of the day - an apology
from former Trump confidant Steve Bannon
who was extensively quoted in the book
he describes several disparaging remarks
as inaccurate quotes and praised what he
called the president's historical
accomplishments in his first year a
senior senator was moved to comment on
the president's mental status I don't
think he's crazy I think he's had a very
successful 2017 and I want to help him
where I can and we should all want him
to be successful he's got a lot on his
plate the White House released photos of
the president meeting with cabinet
members over the weekend the apparent
intent to demonstrate that between the
flow of irate tweets there was some
governance done Mike Hanna al Jazeera
Chintan
