Jarrid shinnok is doing what he once
thought was impossible five years ago he
was paralyzed from the waist down after
a snowmobile accident he is now able to
take small steps to be able to move my
legs and to walk even the stand it means
a lot that there is hope for not only me
but other people Jared was the first
patient at the Mayo Clinic in the United
States to have an electrical stimulation
device implanted near his damaged spinal
cord spinal injuries disrupt nerve paths
that normally allow the brain to signal
the legs to move in this study doctors
implanted an electrical stimulator at
the base of the spine between the
vertebra and spinal column when it's
turned on the electrical signals appear
to awaken those injured nerve pathways
letting the brain communicate with the
legs once again after months of intense
therapy
Jared can move back and forth a report
on his progress has been published in
Nature Medicine because we were able to
stimulate directly the spinal cord
itself and we believe that that was very
important to be able to regain the
volitional control over voluntary
control
Jared's road to recovery has not been
easy but he credits a woman he met after
his accident for giving him the strength
to fight working out at the gym every
day for five to six days a week to a
couple hours a day and the girl that
helped me is now my wife and she pushes
me hard further research is being done
to understand why the stimulator is
working and how it can help others we
still have a long way to go before we
can optimize this therapy make it
relevant to other patients if successful
this procedure could have the potential
to help millions of people around the
world who can't move because of a spinal
cord injury Dora Jabari al-jazeera
