one month after Donald Trump's decision
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel some members of the Arab League
met in Jordan to say no Daphna will come
our goal is to overturn the American
decision to recognize Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel and to assert that it
has no legal effect a phony Allah we
have specific requests the most
important of which is the recognition of
a Palestinian state with Jerusalem as
its capital according to the June the
4th 1967 borders many Palestinians say
that while Saturday's meeting in our man
was important they were expecting more
we are a little bit disappointed that
they cannot go beyond just stressing
this correct position and try to be up
to the challenge and take measures to
contain and and react to this very
dangerous new position of the United
States at a time when many in the Arab
world believe regional leaders aren't
doing enough to show solidarity with
Palestinians Egypt's stance is being
called further into question by an
article in The New York Times the
newspaper reported that some Egyptian TV
personalities have been pressured to
play down opposition to President
Trump's decision on Jerusalem adding
that in leaked phone recordings Egyptian
intelligence officer captain Aslam and
wholly reportedly told leading TV talk
show hosts to influence their viewers to
support the decision despite
condemnation from the government and
Egyptians nationwide Egypt state
information service denied the report
stating that it was inappropriate for
the New York Times to publish such an
allegation and adding that The Times's
report claims that captain Ashima Foley
is an officer with the Egyptian general
intelligence without presenting its
readers with the slightest evidence as
to the truth of this piece of
information or that a person by this
name exists in the first place
Palestinian officials say they believe
Egypt is continuing to support them but
that the US has perhaps intentionally
muddied the waters I think that the
United States are working
intentionally actually to try to create
an atmosphere which says that there move
has been committed or taken with the
tacit approval of certain Arab
governments these developments are not
yet had much of an impact on the ground
here the major concern for Palestinians
is seeking concrete measures to
alleviate their suffering
mohammed abdullah al jazeera Ramallah
the occupied West Bank
