native Mapuche historian at
non-collinear what's the world to know
the news the center of this plaza goes
through here to the quay it's a sacred
space where only one day a year the sun
rays pass directly from one side to the
other it's here surrounded by 700 year
old trees that the first ever memorial
to 171 Mapuche victims of Chile's former
military dictatorship will soon be
formally opened shortly after the 1973
military coup goodI needs 23 year old
brother Nelson a left-wing University
student was detained by soldiers and
never seen again
por primera vez wouldn't ended the
center of this Plaza goes through here
to the quay it's a sacred space for only
one day a year the sunrays passes
directly from one side to the other it
took 20 years for Nelson could he needs
family to discover that soldiers had
shot him dead and thrown his body into
this river to this day he's the only my
booty of the scores who disappeared
during that period whose remains or ever
found thousands of Chileans were
executed or disappeared during the
Pinochet dictatorship but the fate of
the indigenous Mapuche victims has until
now received little attention in a
country where they have long been
discriminated Maria Elena Calvo kid
remembers how secret police refer to her
father a teacher and a poet as the
Indian she says they were all vilified
for being Mapuches viniendo sang my
father was vomiting blood and urinating
blood from the beatings he received when
they brought him back from prison hours
later they took him away again and he
disappeared forever we've never been
able to accept his death Maria Elena and
the other survivors welcomed the opening
of the soon to be finished memorial park
in the hope that it will help Chile see
that the Mapuches were not just victims
of a dictatorship but of a society that
never acknowledged their suffering to
see a human al Jazeera Tomoko
