when he fled Ukraine in 2014
Viktor Yanukovych took all that he and
his men could carry they headed to
Russia
soon after Ukrainian officials found one
point five billion dollars stashed
offshore and they froze it the day he
run away from the country the entire
Ukrainian Treasury and its accounts had
a few thousand dollars so the point is
that entire Treasury was rocked today al
Jazeera has discovered the Yanukovych
clan is working closely with the Russian
government we obtained an unsigned copy
of a secret deal a plot to sell tens of
millions of the frozen money
unbelievable
it sounds like an agreement between the
criminal bosses you can sign it with
your blood the document names to
oligarchs is the buyers one wanted in
Ukraine the other a Russian property
magnate but the seller is hidden behind
an offshore shell company based at this
law firm in Cyprus other Bank documents
and company records eventually led us to
Moscow and to Sergei tkachenko a gas
tycoon who is Yanukovych his money man
and the seller of the frozen assets he
is given control of a chunk of the
gastro he made a lot of money for
himself and then he cut back most of it
then to his political patrons which was
you know Yanukovych rule Yanukovych his
son wanted in Ukraine and sanctioned in
the US and Europe
he travels under armed guard in a
multi-car convoy rarely appearing in
public we tracked down his former
chauffeurs and they revealed his regular
meetings with the Russian government we
often drive him to the Ministry of
Economic Development the Ministry of
Natural Resources
the National Space Agency also the
Russian presidential administration and
state oil and gas firms
aside from frozen assets Ukraine's
Intelligence Agency says kochenko's
trading oil gas and coal in the conflict
zones of eastern Ukraine fueling
corruption and conflict in a country
that was once his own tkachenko didn't
respond to our request for Conor
we'll Jordan al-jazeera
