the blue whale is an awe-inspiring
creature the largest animal that has
ever lived they can weigh 136 thousand
kilos and stretch 133 meters from nose
to tail they may live from 80 to 110
years but in the Santa Barbara Channel
even blue whales are no match for giant
cargo ships when ships hit whales whales
die there are about 80 endangered whales
that are killed every year along the
coast of Northwestern North America and
that's a lot of whales for some of these
whales that are quite rare in these
populations we really think that that
roadkill is inhibiting the recovery
slowing down the recovery of these
whales commercial whaling reduced blue
whales to about one percent of their
original number before killing them was
banned by an international agreement in
1966 the whales population is increasing
worldwide but given their slow
reproductive cycle scientists and
government officials are concerned about
their survival we're at a point now
where we have a chance to bring blue
whales back from the brink of extinction
we need to find the ways to slow ships
down along the California coast
researchers with the University of
California and the bind-off ocean
initiative are working on a
technologically sophisticated new whale
warning system an array of visual
surveillance hydrophones
thermal imaging and data crunching all
that information comes together to be
alert that says hey ships watch out
today is a bad day for whales please
slow down if the ships build in two to
four hours of their transit to
accommodate for slower the slow speed
zone to protect the whales then we can
achieve what we're trying to without
regulation the government agency
responsible has asked shipping companies
to voluntarily cut their speed and even
offered modest cash rewards for those
who will do so but nevertheless 90% of
all ships that transit these whale rich
waters go full speed ahead in shipping
like any other business time is money
no vessel master wants to
well it's a tragic thing when it does
happen and we do take steps to try and
avoid it but the industry opposes
mandatory speed limits in blue whale
territory what we would like to see is
the continuance of voluntary programs in
order to collect necessary data to
inform that decision-making process
what's known already is this unless the
ships slow down more of these
magnificent animals will become roadkill
Rob Reynolds al-jazeera Santa Barbara
