walking out of a courtroom in handcuffs
a fall from grace for a man once so
famous and beloved he was known as
America's dad but who a judge now called
a sexually violent predator 81 year old
Bill Cosby sentenced to 3 to 10 years in
jail Cosby was found guilty in April of
3 counts of aggravated indecent assault
after drugging and sexually assaulting
andrea constand in 2004 he used his
acting skills and that an endearing TV
personality to win over his victims and
then keep them silent about what he did
to them so now finally bill cosby has
been unmasked and we have seen the real
man as he is headed off to prison
while the trial focused on the one crime
against miss constant more than 60 other
women have accused Cosby of sexual
misconduct spanning decades and after
the sentencing many said they were glad
he was going to jail
I wanted 30 years
I'm very happy to know that mr. Cosby
will do time in prison then he is touch
with or like he touched us unwillingly
this is okay good Thank You justice all
right she's just gonna show victim that
they can make it through and that
there's justice at the end Cosby is
legally blind in failing health and a
philanthropist and that is why his
lawyers argued that the judge should
show leniency and he should be sent a
house arrest but it was denied his
lawyers plan to appeal mr. Cosby the
fish team is preparing a motion to
address mr. steel use the falsified
evidence with the Cosby clearly has been
denied its right to a fair trial
Cosby produced and starred in the
family-friendly sitcom The Cosby Show in
the 1980s it was about the life of an
affluent african-american family and was
the most watched television program in
America from 1984 to 89 the 1965 TV
series I Spy was the first American
television drama to feature a black
actor Cosby played the lead role for
most of his life as an actor and
comedian Cosby paved the way for
african-americans and was considered a
role model no more his defining legacy
will be that he was the first celebrity
convicted in the me to era the movement
to end sexual violence
Gabriel Sandow al jazeera New York
