it's time for nine-year-old Michael
McClure to do his homework and as in
many families his big brother is on hand
to help
in fact 22 year old Mahmoud is more of a
father to Michael than an elder brother
because as Yazidi refugees these two
have been granted asylum in Germany but
for the past two years their parents and
siblings have been stuck in a holding
camp for migrants in Greece Germany told
them they could come join us here but
then a few months ago we were told they
could not come the official said you
have no documents that prove your
brother is related to your parents I
paid for the papers to come from Iraq
then they said they needed to test
Michaels DNA and now finally they've
said that okay your parents can come but
the brothers hopes of a reunion have
been dashed twice before and their
situation is not unique
since 2016 Germany has put a temporary
hold on reuniting the families of people
who are not classed as refugees
the Bavarian Christian social Union
angered a Michael's sister party in the
southern state says while genuine
refugees should be allowed in those with
subsidiary protection whose claims for
asylum are rejected should not we are
objecting to the right of so called
subsidiary accepted refugees to bring
their family to Germany because to be
honest this would exhaust our capacities
what makes this view more interesting is
that Stefan Amaya speaks on this issue
not just for his party but also for
angular Merkel's Christian Democrats but
this particular point of view is not
shared by the Social Democrats and with
coalition talks between the three
parties now intensifying in the new year
the question is might this issue be a
sticking point
because the Social Democrats believe
that where possible families who qualify
to be reunited should be allowed to do
so the political fight in Germany is now
about how to bring a government together
from parties with such differing views
for Mahmoud and Michael Matlock it's how
to bring their family back together
Dominic came al Jazeera in Bavaria
