the mountain town of Pyeongchang the
site of South Korea's first ski resort
and it's preparing for another
achievement to host the country's first
Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games some
of these slopes will be closed later
this month for the event
across town finishing touches are being
made and people are looking forward to
the opening ceremony in February
I'm excited and a bit nervous that I'll
be able to watch such a big event taking
place here
all young it's been such a long time
since South Korea hosted an Olympics
event it's a good opportunity to promote
the country and especially this area it
could also be a chance to improve
inter-korean relations North Korea has
recently said it may send its athletes
to take part in the event something
South Korea says it welcomes but
security concerns over the North's
nuclear weapons development remain
organizers however say this isn't the
first time a huge sporting event is held
against the backdrop of heightened
tensions but of course again safety and
security are part of all of the Olympic
Games and so it's a part of our
preparations that we do but every other
Olympic Committee has also had to have
these same measures in place so we're
working to ensure that everything is in
place in time for the games but an even
more unpredictable factor is mother
nature forecasted temperatures on the
day of the opening ceremony could make
it one of the coldest in 30 years and
the stadium has no roof a deliberate
design to save time and money officials
say to counter the cold they're
installing windshields and will give out
hot packs and blankets to spectators
this is a hot tack a pocket-sized
portable heater you give it a good shake
the chemicals inside react this pack can
generate heat they'll last for at least
10 hours put it in your pocket and your
hands are warm and toasty for those
willing to brave the cold it's now
easier to get to the venue with a new
high-speed train from Seoul to
Pyeongchang
South Korea also plans to use the
upcoming Olympics to showcase what it
says will be the most technologically
advanced games there's a camera placed
on the helmets of competitors spectators
can watch the event from athletes
perspective in real-time on this tablet
which uses 5g technology no efforts
being spared to make the 2018 Winter
Olympics and Paralympics a success
Florence lui al Jazeera Pyeongchang
South Korea
