in serious southern province of Daraa
those displaced by war face a new threat
the weather this is as I soon camp one
of the largest in the region boom
Abdulrahman and her grandchildren
arrived here after escaping fierce
fighting between Syria's armed
opposition groups and ISIL a waterlogged
field is now home if the rain continues
they'll be forced to leave where can
they go we left our homes without any
possessions you can see the rainwater
around us
you can see for yourself how bad
conditions are what can we do
we're helpless the camp lacks basic
infrastructure there are no paved roads
no drainage people feel forgotten this
used to be farmland it was unfit for
people to settle on in the first place
the camp hasn't been supplied with any
of the basic services no one has lent us
or will lend us a helping hand none of
the relief agencies either suriya's long
civil war has triggered one of the worst
humanitarian disasters in modern history
11 million Syrians have been displaced
by fighting half of the whole population
most around 6 million are internally
displaced it is a bleak existence Eve
Parker al Jazeera
