and I did a quick interview with him a
long time ago having to do with an
article this book clearly has Donald
Trump rattled the suggestion in fire in
theory that cabinet members and allies
have questioned Trump's intelligence and
his fitness for office have gotten under
the president's skin the book has driven
a wedge between Trump and his one-time
closest advisors Steve Bennett but I
don't know this man I guess sloppy Steve
brought him into the White House quite a
bit and it was one of those things
that's why sloppy steve is now looking
for a job
his Republican leaders met the president
to discuss their legislative agenda for
2018 Trump began his day with the
barrage of morning tweets he wrote
throughout my life my two greatest
assets have been mental stability and
being like really smart and he said that
winning the presidency qualifies him as
not smart but genius and a very stable
genius at that in defending himself
against the allegations in this book
President Trump was knocked off message
in it
Steve Bannon says he's lost his stuff
media mogul Rupert Murdoch calls him an
idiot and staffers describe him as a
semi-literate fool but what the
Republicans who met with Trump on
Saturday wanted to talk about was their
plans for 2018 and immigration reform it
was candidate Donald Trump's signature
campaign promise and we are building a
wall on the southern border
we need safety we need cameras and I
will have Mexico pay for that wall it
turns out he might have that half right
the administration's plan for an
immigration overhaul would spend 18
billion dollars over ten years and add
five hundred and five kilometers to an
existing border wall with Mexico and the
US Congress would pay for it the bill is
expected to restore some protection for
the so-called dreamers children of
undocumented immigrants who were brought
to the US by their parents Trump
recently rescinded an Obama era rule
protecting them but Democrats fear the
new immigration funds could be used to
deport dreamers who've registered for
the program or their families they don't
have resources to deport 800,000
dreamers it's not at all clear that the
information that the dreamers
volunteered to the government to
establish their right have be legally
worked at work and otherwise could be
used to identify
and detain and then deport the dreamers
but immigration was not the top question
Trump addressed on Saturday
John Hendren al Jazeera Washington
