the hymns from what's perhaps the
largest Cathedral in the Middle East
assured in Midnight Mass this Egyptian
Church with a capacity of 9,000 people
opened its store for Orthodox Christmas
many of the faithful prayed for a better
year ahead after multiple attacks on
Egyptian Christians in recent months we
hope peace will prevail over the world
in general and especially in Egypt and
that will get rid of terrorism and
troubles Dumanis ulema malama wishing
egypt in all the region to live in peace
and God to protect us from any kind of
terrorism or anything which might hurt
us tens of thousands of security
personnel were deployed across Egypt to
ensure safe celebrations and there were
reassurances from the president more
than 100 Christians have been killed in
attacks in recent months the latest just
a few days ago you are our family you
are part of us we are all one Christians
and Muslims and no one can ever divide
us from Belarus to Ethiopia the Orthodox
followed the old Julian calendar and
celebrate Christmas on January sixth and
seven each celebration is unique
Serbs celebrate for the traditional
burning of oak branches and bright
leaves many preserve some pagan
traditions inviting dead ancestors to
their homes Ukraine for instance some
fabricate a straw doll where the
ancestors will stay some families also
spread straw to emulate the nativity
scene
thousands attended midnight masses
across Russia home to more than a third
of the world's Orthodox Christians
Russian leaders including President
Vladimir Putin were in attendance
prayers were also held at the Church of
Nativity in Bethlehem in the occupied
West Bank a place at the heart of many
conflicts in the Middle East and beyond
and here there were prayers for better
times Osama bin Javed Al Jazeera
