mourners turned out in their hundreds at
this funeral in the northern town of
ichabod it's the birthplace of one of
the four policemen killed early on
Saturday the blast happened in the
nearby town of suppor in the northern
part of India administered Kashmir
security sources say rebels are posed in
the role triggered an improvised
explosive device targeting a police
patrol the town is about 50 kilometres
northwest of Srinagar City some a
capital of the regional government they
say fighters planted the device beneath
a shop in a market place to target the
patrol the blast also damaged shops in
the area monkey girl field we were
called to the town today and this was
our normal deployment for maintaining
law and order these boys were deployed
in a small alley in the market and the
blast happened there in which four of
our boys were martyred the shot down the
officer is referring to was made by
rebel leaders to mark the 25th
anniversary of an Indian security
crackdown that killed 47 people that
operation was in response to the killing
of an Indian soldier by rebels local
newspapers say Jesse Mohammed one of the
main rebel groups opposing the Indian
rule of Kashmir has announced its
responsibility for the blast or Saturday
this region has been witnessing episodes
of violence for the last 70 years
Kashmiri rebels who say they represent
the province's Muslim majority have been
fighting for separation from India
how much fun parties
