hello I'm Adrian Finnegan this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week post sanctions Iran
is still a hard place to find a job
we'll look at the economic reasons
behind unrest in the Middle East's
second largest economy also this week
meltdown and Spectre these are the
nicknames for two major flaws discovered
in the hardware of nearly every computer
and digital device worldwide the race is
on to fix them plus new year new rules
for European finance but that's not all
we'll ask the chief global economists at
UBS what's his dangerous idea it is that
I'm a - economy in the Middle East after
Saudi Arabia and when it comes to
population it's second only to Egypt
around 80 million people call Iran home
and more than half that number is under
30 years of age that's why when
demonstrations of a rising prices the
economic mismanagement broke out in the
new year
the world paid attention the
demonstrations represent the biggest
show of public dissent in the country
since rallies took place in 2009 but the
government's blaming outside
interference temporarily shut down
social media like Instagram and telegram
the online messaging service that's used
by 40 million Iranians as well
smartphones played an important role in
the protests but the economy did too as
Al Jazeera Zayn baz ravi reports from
tehran the reasons that they came out
onto the streets haven't gone away
that's really the point going forward
and it was down to the economy the the
protest started with dissatisfaction
over economic problems in the country
the cost of living is rising
unemployment especially among young
people is very high and there were
proposals by President Hassan rouhani's
administration of increasing gas prices
exponentially and that was something
that was just very unpopular with the
people and even the pro-government
supporters that are coming out in large
numbers now it doesn't mean that they
necessarily support the president's
policies but they support the governing
system in Iran and they
want to push home that point but they
certainly don't necessarily support
President Hassan rouhani and going
forward his government is going to have
to deal with economic issues that remain
unaddressed and no doubt those things
will continue to be a thorn in his side
so we may see some adjustments to
proposals to raise gas prices and and an
effort to continue subsidies that give
that keep the cost of living stable if
not bring it down further
well Iranian oil is now back on
international markets and GDP is growing
after years of recession but there's
unequal distribution of wealth among
Iran's regions foreign investors are
staying away put off by banking worries
restrictions are still in place on
dollar trades passing through America
and there's a fear that sanctions will
be restored the country ranks 120 out of
190 in the world banks Ease of Doing
Business Index state-owned enterprises
dominate stifling competition according
to some the sprawling business empire of
the Revolutionary Guards dominates the
service industry there's a rising number
of people looking for work
unemployment officially stands at around
12 and a half percent but in some parts
of the country it's over 50 percent
analysts say that the historic nuclear
deal negotiated in 2015 has failed to
deliver prosperity and the protests are
fueled by anger at the cost of living
and widespread corruption well joining
us now from Vienna via Skype is dr. B
John ketchup or Bijan is an economist
and managing partner at Atia
international of Vienna based
international strategic consulting firm
good to have you with us on the program
sir
so as we heard they're the largest
street protests in years in Iran are the
high prices and economic hardship as far
as you're concerned what are the main
economic drivers of this discontent
obviously you can look at a number of
economic phenomena in Iran I mean high
prices were mentioned but also
unemployment is a key factor what I
would also like to highlight is what
economists refer to as underemployment
Iran has a very educated young
and a lot of these educated citizens are
unemployed we have about 25 26 percent
youth unemployment in Iran and as far as
we can follow at this stage there is a
direct correlation between the level of
unemployment especially youth
unemployment and the protest so there
are definitely a number of factors that
are basically leading to disenchantment
and discontent among the Iranian
population especially the lower middle
class and the lower income class okay
what about corruption is that is that an
issue that plays into this discontent
certainly I mean there is a feeling I
would call it as a as a as a heading for
all of these issues I would say that the
Iranians feel that there is injustice in
in the country there are there are there
is corruption there is mismanagement
there is there are you know rents that
various interest groups including
religious institutions various
foundations have in Iran while the lower
income classes and especially the youth
are unemployed and and are not catered
for so there is a feeling of injustice
and corruption is definitely at one
important element in that these protests
began just days after President rouhani
revealed his his 2018 budget bill having
promised more transparency and to crack
down on corruption what can the
president do now to maneuver so that he
can use these protests if you like to
his advantage well you're right I think
one of the the grievances is the feeling
that a lot of the country's resources
are going towards institutions that are
not really providing what the Iranian
Society is asking for not providing jobs
not providing prestige or development
and the first thing that President
rouhani could do is to try to
restructure the allocations I mean there
are billions of dollars of allocations
to various religious institutions found
patience military organizations that the
people feel are uncalled for
and that could be a first step to make
these institutions more accountable make
the budget allocations more transparent
the economy has been improving that
money though is not obviously trickling
down to the middle classes what what do
you think is the outlook economically
for Iran this year I think the positive
growth outlook will be there I think
they the Iranian economy has potential
to grow it is relatively inefficient at
this stage I mean the overall economic
activity and there are there is a lot of
room for for growth in various sectors
through increased efficiency through
better management through a pushback
against corruption but you are right I
mean it takes time for for for the
overall macroeconomic growth to trickle
down to various sectors especially to
the provinces where people feel that
they are being neglected and they are
not really benefitting from the economic
upturn so the outlook is positive and
what about foreign investment how
important is that to Iran's economy in
in the future international investors
despite the lifting of sanctions very
wary still of putting their money into
Iran how important is foreign direct
investment to the country foreign
investment is very very significant not
just because capital will flow into the
economy but also because new
technologies and also new management
concepts will flow into the country as I
said mismanagement and inefficiency are
our issues and part of those issues can
be addressed through through efficient
foreign investment through different
concepts and knowledge that can be
transferred to the country dr. Kapoor
really good stories and many thanks
indeed thank you for having me now a
design change made to computer chips
over a decade ago inadvertently opened
up a way to let hackers into nearly
every computer and digital device the
good news is that we now know about the
floor in the hardware the bad news is
that fixing it will slow down your
machine the nicknames given to the bug
found in central processing units which
are essentially the brains of your
computer a meltdown and Spectre Rob
Reynolds reports the world's biggest
technology companies are scrambling to
fix critical cyber security flaws that
could compromise every computer
smartphone and server sold in the past
20 years
hackers if they are able to install some
malicious software on a computer and
then go the extra step to take advantage
of this problem they can access some
really sensitive information including
passwords encryption keys that let them
access even more sensitive data security
researchers discovered vulnerabilities
in computer chips used in nearly all
devices the flaws dubbed spectre and
meltdown by security experts would allow
intruders to steal any data on the
system's companies involved include
Apple Microsoft and Google the flawed
chips are made by Intel AR m and AMD
Google's project zero security team said
it found the flaws sometime last year
the company announced details of how it
is working to protect users of Google
cloud and Android devices it says a new
version of the Chrome browser debuting
later this month will include fixes
Microsoft has also developed an
emergency patch that will automatically
be applied to all devices running on
Windows 10 Apple has not publicly
disclosed any fixes for its operating
systems those patches will address the
meltdown bug but they could
significantly slow down device
performance
in some cases by as much as 30 percent
the other flaw called Spector is harder
to fix and will ultimately require a
redesign of the chips themselves
Adrienne Mars is a technology journalist
and IT consultant he says security flaws
of this scale are rare
normally security researchers go to
great efforts to keep them secret they
tell the people who are affected give
them time to produce a software solution
and then we all get to hear about it in
this case embarrassingly for the chip
company as the information is leaked
before the fix is widely available so
that is relatively unusual but it
happened certainly it doesn't usually
happen on this huge scale security flaws
happen every month we're all used to the
updates we get to our devices and those
are mostly about fixing security flaws
what's less common is ones that affect
so many devices and that affect the
hardware the physical chips inside the
computer as opposed to the software the
programs very very easily fixed but when
you get a fix in something that's a
physical actual thing it's harder to
solve and in this case it comes with
penalties when we fix it with software
all right still to come on counting the
cost the daily money struggles of people
in Gaza told through cartoon characters
now New Year's Day 2018 in California
marked the first legal recreational use
of cannabis as of this week adults over
21 can possess up to an ounce or 28
grams of the drug and can grow up to six
marijuana plants at home opponents say
the law will introduce young people to
drug use but analysts say the pot
industry could be worth billions of
dollars
certainly in tax revenue over the next
few years the United Arab Emirates and
Saudi Arabia rolled out value-added tax
for the first time to mark the new year
the 5% tax is being applied to most
goods and services both Gulf states are
trying to diversify their economies away
from a reliance on oil and gas and new
year new rulebook for European finance
everything from crowdfunding platforms
to big banks are affected it's known as
method 2 and it's basically about
transparency the biggest financial
trading overhaul since the 2008 global
financial crisis demands that trades are
reported to a central database dealings
done away from publicize in so-called
dark pools of liquidity will be recorded
and traceable there's also a requirement
that banks pay up for research given
free by the big investment institutions
those same institutions that are also
selling investment products and it's now
EU law that consume
are given more information on the kinds
of risks they're buying into when they
invest their money the impact of climate
change is being felt all over the world
especially in low-lying islands
scientists say that the rising water
level is causing Cuba to shrink our
Latin America editor Lucia Newman
reports now from the coastal town of
high manitous near Havana jorge reyes
and his wife alice have lived by the
ocean for nearly 60 years long enough to
notice that something is changing
especially when they look towards the
key in front of them 40 or even 30 years
ago during low tide you could walk over
to the key over there and you wouldn't
get wet it was totally dry
now the tide is never lower than this
it's all because of climate change
my daughter grew up here we didn't have
this wall and I would lower her down
there to play on the rocks because it
was dry in Hyman ITA's a coastal town
near Havana everyone notices that the
water level is rising on this no lying
island it's hard to believe but I'm
actually walking on top of what was a
swimming pool some 40 years ago removed
about 30 metres away from a beach that
no longer exists it's yet another
undeniable example of how the ocean is
eating away at much of Cuba's coastline
a report prepared by the ministry of
science technology and environment warns
that by 2050 coastal levels will have
risen 27 centimeters and by the end of
the century it will be up by 85
centimeters causing the island to shrink
significantly scientists argue the
climate change is also provoking more
frequent and stronger hurricanes
flooding and at the same time for long
periods of drought inland the climate
experts who prepare the report tell us a
major action plan is being implemented
to confront this new reality in the same
breath we are applying new practices
like planting corals to increase and
reproduce coral reefs and more mangroves
which are key barriers for protecting
the coastline and we need to adopt new
construction practices in the Caribbean
we have experience building on stilts
the list is long but scientists concede
that inevitably many people will have no
other choice but to leave their homes
and move inland well unlike the world of
finance Nature doesn't do bailouts and
many senior global economists a warning
about a looming ecological credit crunch
the fact is we're using up limited
resources that are fast running out we
may not have much longer before an
ecological credit crisis occurs
ecological debt is defined as the excess
consumption of natural resources over
and beyond the Earth's capacity to
regenerate joining us now from Wiltshire
in the UK Paul Donovan Paul's the global
chief economist with UBS great to have
you with us sir once again Paul so a
revamped version of markets in financial
instruments directive or method 2 as
it's known as has come into effect this
week they use most ambitious yet
controversial package of financial
reforms what do you make of it and and
what are its benefits the aim of method
2 is to increase transparency and the
financial sector to make investors aware
of what it is that they're paying for
and what it is that they're not paying
for when they do business with financial
intermediaries so in that sense it's an
attempt to try and increase transparency
it is also
led to a number of adjustments within
the financial sector for example
research which was very often bundled up
with other brokerage fees has now had to
be separated out and priced and people
are debating about how that happens but
essentially this is an attempt to
increase the information that investors
have at their disposal Paul what's your
overall economic outlook for the for the
year ahead for the global economy in the
US we've got a new Fed Chairman Donald
Trump's new tax plan coming into effect
in in Europe we've got real brexit
discussions method two as we've just
discussed what do you think well I think
the first thing to do is someone once
said economies have decimal points in
their forecast to prove they have a
sense of humor the numbers the numbers
are not something worried about what we
have got broadly speaking is a global
economy that is operating around about
the trend rate of growth in the US we've
got full employment in Europe we've got
improving employment and that's going to
sustain the global economy at growth
rates give or take what they were last
year inflation may take up a little bit
as we go through this year as well able
markets tighten wage costs are starting
to creep up a little bit but not in an
alarming way and the other key factor
this year I think will be that central
banks are going to continue to tighten
policy and for the first time in decades
the Federal Reserve's balance sheet will
be smaller at the end of this year than
it wasn't start Paul you're one of
several economists who have been talking
about an ecological credit cont crunch
that we may well be be heading towards
is that going to impact well first of
all explain what an ecological credit
crunch is and are we heading towards one
this year well an environmental term we
are doing is consuming about one and a
half planets worth of resources every
single year so our current standard of
living requires us to borrow
environmental
resources from future generations to
maintain the standard of knowing that we
enjoy today to be like borrowing on
credit card for the equivalent of fifty
percent of your household income clearly
that's not sustainable and if we run
them to the point where we can no longer
overuse environmental resources that
implies a fairly dramatic drop in our
standard of living
the good news is that the world is
changing and adapting and trying to
become more efficient in how it uses
resources the bad news is that already
running into problems with environmental
constraints on growth pollution for
example in China is reducing life
expectancy water resources in the Middle
East
and in many other countries are now
actually limiting growth preventing
countries from growing certain sorts of
crops preventing countries from
generating electricity coal fire power
stations need an awful lot of water to
cool them down so we're already starting
to see environmental constraints acting
on growth not a full-blown credit crunch
yet but it's a warning of what might
come if we don't continue to improve our
environmental efficiency if that if it
came a ecological credit crunch would it
be worse than than the financial credit
crunch that we saw in 2007-2008
absolutely I mean a full scale
environmental credit crunch if we were
forced absolutely to live within our
environmental means then you would be
talking of the loss of a standard of
living between a third and a half so you
know if your standard of living was too
hard I think you would probably notice
that and feel quite aggrieved and that
is far far worse than the downturn that
that followed the global financial
crisis of 2008 both some freestyle
thinking here a lot of people beginning
of the year continuing to demand change
that saying that the only way that the
world will change is if that we
radically rethink the way in which we do
things on the planet for 2018 what would
be your dangerous idea that's a very
interesting question
I think the dangerous idea which
radically change the global economy
would be to allow far more free movement
labor to allow people to migrate around
the world a lot more and that has two
advantages firstly it leads to more
efficient economies over all and
secondly it probably reduces prejudice
all the weird things about a lot of the
prejudice and discrimination we see is
is conducted by people who aren't
exposed to immigration who don't known
foreigners if you get to know for it as
you realize they're exactly the same as
you are the my dangerous idea I think
that would be early transformative for
the world economy would be to liberalize
migration flows Paul as always it's
great to talk to you many thanks indeed
for being with us thanks so much indeed
finally this week businesses in the Gaza
Strip have long been struggling under an
Israeli blockade many owners are barely
able to keep their operations afloat now
a new cartoon hopes to bring their story
and struggles to a wider audience
Malcolm Webb reports from Gaza a girl
called Noor buys an ice cream and wins a
ticket to visit a sweet factory Noor was
a fictional character in an animation
made by an Israeli rights group but the
factory and its owner Mohammed Talabani
are real and so are the many problems
operating under the blockade of Gaza by
Israel and Egypt as Noor discovers them
as Mohammed shows her around starting
with a power cut
electricity's off most of the time in
Gaza during my visit Mohammed explained
but since the siege began ten years ago
most of his production lines are closed
most of the time
he didn't want to fire any of his 400
staff and families depend on the wages
some employees had their hours cut
instead and the animation also shows the
machinery they use has problems too
Israeli authorities restrict the import
of anything they say could be used to
make weapons the packaging is meant to
be done automatically by this machine
but it needs a spare part from Turkey
that's not been allowed in this machine
puts the cream filling in biscuits
it needs technicians to come here and
service it they're not allowed to come
this whole production lines been down
for four years some of the equipment
needs to be sent to Germany for
servicing and that's not allowed either
the momma doesn't believe the
restrictions are just for security
reasons to stop that Austria and the
Gaza and to make the people is very poor
that is the politic of Israel Israel's
military assaults on Gaza in its
conflicts with Hamas haven't helped
either three years ago the factory was
hit by an Israeli rocket Mohamed gifts
the sweet factory to Nora but as she
sees its problems becomes a story of
shattered dreams the rights group that
made it called gisha
says 'add aim to inform people but also
challenged stereotypes we wanted to be
able to tell the story of movement and
restrictions on the Gaza Strip and do it
in a creative way so that we could
attract new audiences and open people's
eyes to the fact that there is a
different reality inside of the Gaza
Strip than the one they normally hear
business has also been hurt by Israeli
restrictions on exports Mohamed says
trade won't pick up unless the siege
ends at the end of the film nor makes
everything right with her imagination in
reality things aren't so simple and
Gaza's industries are still crippled
Malcolm Webb ending our show for this
week if you'd like to comment on
anything that you've seen you can tweet
me I'm at a Finnigan on Twitter please
use the hashtag AJ CTC when you do or
you could drop us a line counting the
cost of al jazeera dotnet is our email
address as always there's plenty more
for you online at
zero comm /c TC that takes you straight
to our page which has individual reports
links even entire episodes for you to
catch up on but that is it for this
edition of counting the cost in Doha I'm
Adrian Finnegan from the whole team here
thanks for joining us the news on al
Jazeera is next
