the 11 Saudi princes were arrested
outside the royal palace in Riyadh where
they'd been protesting about the
kingdom's decision to make Saudi royalty
pay their water and utility bills as
part of a wider austerity plan the
princes were transferred to the
high-security prison of a highear and
expected to go on trial because they
were complaining about the fact that
they had asked for subsidies for water
and electricity for some reason they
were denied other reports say that in
fact they were cousins of a prince who
was executed in October 2016 and that
they had come to ask for retribution
it's very conflicting at this point we
don't know exactly what is going on
Saudi Arabia has introduced a string of
austerity measures to boost revenues and
cut spending as the global slump in oil
prices led to ballooning budget deficits
slapping a 5 percent sales tax on food
clothes electronics water and
electricity and raising fuel prices
significantly expatriate workers were
also caught up in the price rises but
careful not to complain I know I spent
there 768 something for
grocery now they had the additional 5%
tax amount inked at the sectional area
it's probably as long as we are helping
Saudi Arabia more than 200 princes were
arrested in November in an
anti-corruption purge led by the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman which also
served to strengthen his power many of
the country's richest and most
influential princes struck deals for
their release while a few remain here at
the palatial ritz-carlton in Riyadh
described as the most luxurious prison
in the world Saudi Arabia's oil based
economy has taken a battering was to
fall in oil prices balancing the books
will be a long and protracted task that
will not prove popular with ordinary
people here or in very least ordinary
princes Peter sharp al Jazeera
