the protests were unprecedented in a
display of anger toward the greek
orthodox patriarch of jerusalem
demonstrators attacked the convoy of
Theophilus the third as it made its way
to Bethlehem to manger square in the
occupied West Bank behind all this
recent news reports alleging the
patriarch has been involved in property
sales to foreign tax havens and those
properties may end up in the hands of
Israeli businesses protesters believe
the allegations and say it will make it
harder for Palestinians to establish
their own state Ottomans a clear and
simple we want the patriarch to resign
we want to reform the Patriarchate and
assign a legal committee to evaluate the
situation representatives of the Greek
Orthodox Church of Jerusalem deny the
allegations no listener we did not as
they claimed sell our lands to the
Israeli occupation
those are old deals the patriarch wants
to rectify and clarify because all those
old deals are detrimental to the right
to the Patriarchate and its congregation
while this is not the first time the
church has been accused of selling some
of the numerous properties it owns in
Jerusalem the outrage now is far greater
than it had been before in manger square
despite the marching bands and music a
truly festive atmosphere was hard to
achieve the arrival of the patriarch
wasn't just protested local officials
also gave him a cold shoulder when they
refused to welcome him to the square
another issue overshadowing celebrations
this year is the decision by US
President Donald Trump to recognize
Jerusalem as Israel's capital in the
month since that decision was made there
have been numerous protests in the
occupied West Bank and it's really
contributed to a growing sense of
hopelessness amongst Palestinian
Christians forty year old George abou
sada says he's never witnessed such a
somber mood at Christmas if things
remain as is all people will seek to
leave who'd stay here if you see it
being sold the city is sad have you ever
seen Bethlehem like this thousands would
usually be here at Christmas Muslims
that would show up even before
Christians Palestinian Christians in the
West Bank are worried their relatively
small number will continue to dwindle
and according to a recent study by the
Dada kolima University College 28% of
Palestinian Christians said they'd leave
this region if given the chance
highlighting yet again the growing
feeling of despair at a time of year
when there is usually at the very least
a small semblance of hope Mohamed
Abdullah Al Jazeera Bethlehem the
occupied West Bank
