clean ball him
Danis Canaria played over 60 Test
matches and took nearly 300 wickets in
international matches for Pakistan but
in 2012 his career came to a sudden end
he was banned for life by English
crickets governing body for match-fixing
canary was found guilty of encouraging a
teammate at Essex County Cricket Club to
underperform during a match in 2009 and
with bringing the game into disrepute
for six years Canaria has protested his
innocence two appeals were rejected but
now in an exclusive interview with Al
Jazeera's investigative unit Canaria has
finally confessed his guilt my name is
Donna Scalia and I admit that I was
guilty of the two charges brought
against me by the England and Wales
Cricket Board in 2012 I have become so
strong enough to make this decision
because you cannot live her life with
life Canaria said that the imminent
death of his father was initially a
reason for not admitting his guilt it
held what getting worse than worse than
worse and I didn't had that courage to
face him and to tell him that I was
wrong
Canaria introduced his essex teammate
nerve in Westfield to an infamous Indian
match fixer in a nightclub Westfield was
jailed for four months and banned from
cricket for five years for accepting
around $8,000
he admitted allowing opposition batsman
to score runs when he was bowling I want
to apologise to move in Westfield when
Essex image mike essex cricket club my
ethic figured fans I said sorry to
Pakistan Canaria says the banners had a
devastating effect on his life I was the
highest wicket taker for Pakistan at
that time also I was achieving good
money I lost my French respect which I
used to get from the ticketing and and
everything and lost everything he is now
pleading with crickets governing bodies
to lift his bed
and in return he pledged to help young
players I want to teach young people
young cricketer there are people who
will do temptation to you but you have
to be strong go to a right direction
rather going to a shortcut and making
money in a shortcut it will end them
where I am and today David Harrison
al-jazeera
London
