the president on the run the absurdity
of his corruption was amazing
billions stolen al-jazeera's
investigative unit has obtained a cache
of secret files
sounds like an agreement between
criminal bosses you can sign it with
your blood the nation robbed with the
help of Western banks they use London as
a safe heaven it's the kind of business
we reveal how Ukraine is being robbed
for a second time under the nose of the
authorities we simply didn't have
confirmation and this looks like
confirmation the proceeds go to an
oligarch in hiding a man fueling a war
fought by Russian separatists in Ukraine
just shows the way these guys do
business the genius of it really
diversity or results at map level in the
mania of tomorrow the information you've
presented is what I call the pipe
through which dirty money from Russia
Ukraine other countries all flow through
the shadow quality clears process and
we're done and is now a nice blue sheen
success the kingship during the uprising
Kiev's musicians headed to Independence
Square alongside thousands of protesters
among them was opera trainer Tatiana
said steady stream of Alexei Yaga
commercial Yadira love their reaction as
not premiere sauna the cave channel you
can assure this war my booty the
president had refused to sign an
agreement to bring Ukraine closer to
Europe
the goal of revolution was not only
striving towards the EU the goal was
also to have the fair play and the fair
rules of the game and the Revolution was
against corruption the three months
Kiev's Independence Square
became a battlefield over a hundred
people lost their lives then one
February night Ukraine's president began
to move House President Viktor
Yanukovych fled his country with help
from Russian Special Forces he was flown
by helicopter to Moscow
disability epilepsy or shozaburo
bahattar spirit a maharaja you mrs.
Sebastian is really awesome for Tatiana
Ukraine's leaders are like villains in a
comic opera Ukraine just give kasturi's
pneumatically dinner though it was
rather to fuck his Shaboom or swallow
the day he won away from the country the
entire Korean Treasury rates accounts
had a few thousand dollars so the point
is that entire Treasury was robbed
soon after the Revolution Ukraine's
people discovered how their president
had been living noona Saddam was at the
Rockies know that we should vote
immediately over the extent the sort of
absurdity of his corruption was amazing
it's a six story log cabin I think the
biggest log cabin in the world set in a
frankly amazing estate so enormously if
you're gonna walk around it you're not
gonna get round it in a day
was dishonorable of Swati
say Pallas misuk Ashish Casillas
irresistible hostile I Enochian bandit
Linderman only lull accessible escucha
previously the palace was hidden from
view even on satellite maps now a
nationalist group runs guided tours of
this monument to corruption
Nuestra blocklist rigna immunise
Padova's Venini lav travellerbruce see
you Bruce epoch releases an insulting he
had to comment of documented pictures
was a plot led statesas yellow crystal
Akina he announced turning loose trucks
from abuddin badge to Swarovski please
stole the key vintage key tag dolly
notation sodium salt don't worry Stanley
scoopy of Torah for Drona Ranma mr.
Dewey exam lat cigarettes the pedestal
it would not sportiveness out
the communiques Tony : SMS and have sex
with Google search on Google course and
then Doty succeeded apricot donor bottle
o Fatima no manera hua Mohan sucio PHP
documenter who police opposes $46 avoids
the power still guards a secret the name
of its real owner you know courage did
not keep money on his name even his main
house where he spent last years of his
life in Ukraine it was registered on the
charity fund not on the encourage
himself behind that charity a dizzying
web of companies based in tax havens
around the world
I'm will Jordan I've come to Kiev
Ukrainian capital
al-jazeera's investigative unit has
obtained a drive filled with hundreds of
documents about Yanukovych's network
bank statements contracts and emails
from 2011 through the revolution until
they place viktor yanukovych the
ultimate Eastern European oligarch at
the helm of a global corruption Network
this investigation is about how that
network still operates today
and through one crooked contract we see
how oligarchs do business often with the
unwitting assistance of Western banks
we've called it the quick pace deal
unbelievable it sounds like an agreement
between criminal bosses you can sign it
with your blood
by most estimates Yanukovych stole
billions Ukrainian investigators traced
and froze 1.5 billion a Cyprus based
company called quick pace limited pulled
160 million dollars of that in cash and
bonds but prosecutors froze this money
because it's stolen
it can't be legally bought nor sold
can't trade
it's the point of the season that you
can train them as a law yeah I read this
document and I understand that it's not
a legal document I wouldn't expect any
court to enforce such a document just
shows the way these guys do business I
mean the genius of it really the quick
pace deal involves two oligarchs
agreeing to buy the company and it's 160
million in frozen assets from a
mysterious seller the contract is
unsigned but our evidence indicates the
deal went ahead they treat quick-paced
like buying a bankrupt company and agree
a knockdown price of just 30 million
dollars they throw in a private jet as
part of the payment this is really
interesting discovery
this is distressed debt basically you
get these companies in the city of
London who if someone's refusing to pay
their debt they buy it for you know 20 p
on the pound and then do their utmost to
get it back and make a profit on it
the oligarchs would make a clean 130
million dollar profit they believe they
can unfreeze the assets or as they call
it
remove the arrests and pocket the money
they just need to persuade a judge to
lift the freeze
if you have influence over the course
which you do in a corrupt jurisdiction
like Ukraine you can then use that
influence to try and release the assets
and make your money out of it
the majority of judges in Ukraine they
are themselves engaged in corruption
they are still those appointed under
your new popular college
we've gathered evidence that establishes
which oligarchs are trying to make
illicit profits from the quick pace deal
we've shown this to investigators
including John Benton the former head of
the international corruption unit at
Britain's National Crime Agency these
are really really complex investigations
you've got to go through thousands and
thousands and thousands of documents
it's following the money and working out
essentially the route the money takes it
appears that quick pace limited was part
of a massive embezzlement and
money-laundering network under the
Yanukovych regime is it legal to be
trading frozen assets or to be planning
for them moving there's a criminal
offense the whole idea is I've frozen
Yasir because I think it's the proceeds
of crime it's like trading in stolen
goods that have been taken by the place
you'll put in a cash in the getaway car
on you
our documents reveal that by a1 in the
quick-paced deal is Alexander
onishchenko who operates behind offshore
company faster load trading limited your
typical Ukrainian oligarch
oligarchic is the term then most people
didn't know 20 years ago it's kind of
come out of the Russian system out of
the Russian privatization program and
these are extremely rich people
he loves horses
he's a flamboyant oligarchy like
spending money on expensive things like
they all do he sponsored the Miss
Ukraine contest and partied with the
stars Pamela Anderson
Paris Hilton jean-claude Van Damme
initial co like a lot of Ukrainians made
money in the gas business I started to
produce gas in Ukraine actually they did
one of the biggest company in Ukraine
that was sold three years ago
onishchenko was seeking asylum in Europe
and agreed to be interviewed because he
believed it would help clear his name at
first we didn't say that we knew about
the secret quick-paced deal he was happy
to talk about his famous friends
you know Donald Trump yeah he's doing
horse competition in Bambi
also he was the owner of this contest
Miss Universe he did once this in Moscow
they met him there we have good
relationships our document reveals by a2
in the quick pace deal Pavel Fuchs his
company Dorchester International
incorporated
he's a real-estate tycoon who featured
in a Russian business program FEMA
viruses Campania mas Citigroup Simeon
applause union should not avoid et could
be by shootings in astronomy zq folks
promotes a hard man image like bioone
folks his friends with now US President
Donald Trump he's negotiated with him
several times since 2004 but never
completed a deal to build a Trump Hotel
in Moscow President Putin has honored
folks for his contribution to the
Russian economy Fox owns several
prestigious properties in the Russian
capital
he built this complex in partnership
with the powerful son-in-law of former
Russian president Boris Yeltsin another
partner was a Kazakh businessman later
sentenced to jail over a multi-billion
dollar fraud he's a tough boss the
eruption even over the bullies who
cheated on the other montecore to
the other person go to nukui yeah bruh
hadouken doc onion first queried it a
year later bitch came realistic 'aka
yock embarrassed or allegory mr. and
mrs. Fox published social media snaps
with a high profile jeweler and his wife
Jacob Arabo was jailed for two years in
2008 in a US money laundering case Fuchs
socializes with influential politicians
a Russian MP from president Putin's
party now a senior banker the mayor of
Ukraine's second city Kharkov left in a
wheelchair after a mafia style
assassination attempt
what's interesting about him is that the
extent to which he shows that the
separation between Ukraine and Russia
can be a bit skin deep the elites of
both Ukraine and Russia for them it's
basically the same country the money
flows backwards and forwards that
business deals go backwards and forth a
recent leak of offshore company
documents the Panama papers establishes
folks at the helm of a huge global
business empire
it begins with his offshore company
Dorchester International incorporated
registered instant kitts and nevis it
has holdings in companies all over the
globe indirectly in Golden Eagle Trust
in Jersey owned by billionaire Vijay
Mallya today facing extradition to India
on fraud charges which he denies another
link mining in Tanzania and Cameroon to
palm oil billionaires in Malaysia even
state-run pharmaceuticals in Cuba they
all operate as a kind of transnational
clan and they'll have their lawyers and
Cyprus they'll have their money in
Latvia it's an international structure
which they've created since the fall of
the Soviet Union which is very very
resilient and very hard to penetrate
since the collapse of the Soviet Union a
quarter century ago Ukraine's been
caught between Russia and the West after
the 2014 revolution a pro-western
government's been in place it's launched
a war on corruption fought by a National
anti-corruption Bureau built on American
and European money the bureau is well
known for arresting low-level judges and
civil servants and counting out their
cash on camera but it hasn't got any
high-level convictions opportunity
emotion Western they'd probably contact
oolitic a tourist adjuster who so vast
ocean business platter Alenia it's
emotional protein mostly donating push
the militia Sheamus up literally
it appears that the Revolution toppled
Yanukovych did not remove the oligarchs
who served him the gossip animalic put
two to three shots of the process the
beautiful post attitude Chris Catherine
Elizabeth Elizabeth playwright Naboo
playwright so clean the selenium set
upon tomorrow is not a prophecy Latino
Etta fucked by a one in the quick-paced
deal Alexander onishchenko is on the run
in Western Europe with his riches the
Ukraine government says he swindled them
out of a hundred million dollars on a
gas deal onishchenko says the president
told him to bribe mps and has now turned
against him yeah
wanted in Ukraine that's why I'm now in
Europe
actually this case is political
motivation case would you say you're
against corruption yeah but you've paid
bribes
you've been corrupt I've been not
corrupt
I did just instruction what presidency
and in our country there is not other
way there is no other way
wanna Shenko is the anti-corruption
bureau's most wanted fugitive
they're hunting him for the gas Wendell
they raided his office in March 2016
even had his mother arrested in Madrid
during that raid we understand they
picked up a copy of our document the
quick-paced deal despite this they seem
to be doing little to bring the
oligarchs involved to justice modernism
Venetian could a mrs. resisting
businessman of fulsome liveability so
nevermind no role etiquette aqua news to
NOLA universe he trusts attenuated
companion valium mrs. initial lambda
Belarus Tony G paya to Pavel Fox a man
whose business empire spans the globe we
traced some of his property assets
missus folks is a social media star
regularly in London a photographer
always takes pictures in the same place
the upmarket Belgravia neighborhood near
the Spanish Embassy and at a home sweet
home
we located the building property records
show it was purchased in 2012 for 25
million pounds or around 40 million
dollars by another company based in the
British Virgin Islands called latina
associates limited using a mortgage from
Barclays Bank the Panama papers leak
reveals that latina associates is owned
by mrs. Fox and mr. Fox's company
Dorchester international London is a
favourite destination for many oligarchs
and their money London is an
international financial center we don't
just have the professional services that
can be hijacked and used we also have
all the trimmings where you might want
to spending money in London you can buy
anything you buy yourself a mansion in
Kensington you buy yourself a note of
fine art at Sotheby's you buy us off a
yacht at the London Boat Show
this building in central London houses a
company called Chesterfield group it's
what's called a company formation agent
a crucial tool for any oligarch such as
Pavel Fuchs for a small fee they'll set
up a company for you and you can remain
anonymous it can be offshore with an
address that's not yours the named
director won't be you
the name secretary won't be you you
simply control it in the background
while your nominee cutouts protect your
identity
if anyone ever comes to ask the question
they just sort of throw their hands up
in the air and say I don't know I was
just a nominee director hello is this
Chesterfield group I came to ask you
some questions about Pavel Fuchs and so
effectively you have these cutout
characters that D personalized and
distance the money from any of the real
perpetrators of the situation we emailed
and called you but you didn't respond
you can create a company in the UK for
13 pounds and it takes you I've done it
about nine minutes hello no one checks
the information that you provide
literally mobile and there are 350,000
companies created by company formation
agents in the UK every year
this office and Chesterfield group are
closely linked to Fox
Chesterfields building is owned by a
company based in the British Virgin
Islands gerbera group bought in 2015 for
around five million dollars with a
Barclays mortgage
gerbera group is owned by Fox's company
Dorchester International Chesterfield
has branches in Cypress Isle of Man
Island the Bahamas and of course London
in many cases Dorchester International
is the named director if you've got a
company formation agent registered and
that company formation agent is forming
companies for you then that's
immediately suspicious is a huge huge
alarm bell just a field appears to be a
captive company formation agent in other
words creating companies for its owner
this makes perfect sense I mean if I was
not gone I'll do that
yeah own your own company formation
agent why not sell them to your mates
give them a here you go it's like it's
like a Christmas present here you go
here's a London company with a bank
account it's briam in part two we
confront Alexander onishchenko one of
the buyers of quick pace
there is like kind of business that you
can buy cheap and to try to to fix the
problem to make the money
and we reveal a man believed to be the
seller of the frozen assets he is
unbalanced and unhinged
he's a vengeful person unprincipled and
ruthless
in part one how former ukrainian
President Viktor Yanukovych stole
billions 1.5 billion dollars was frozen
we have obtained documents that expose a
plot in 2015 to steal again 160 million
dollars of that money it's held in a
company called quick pace limited it
involves two oligarchs Pavel Fuchs and
Alexander onishchenko planning to buy
quick paces frozen assets at a knockdown
price unbelievable
it sounds like an agreement between
criminal bosses you can sign it with
your blood
now we reveal where the stolen money is
destined and the identity of the
reclusive third oligarch believed to be
selling the frozen assets he is
unbalanced and unhinged
he's a vengeful person unprincipled and
ruthless the story of our documents
takes us back to the heyday of the
corruption of Ukraine's former President
Yanukovych deeper into one network of
his offshore companies it traces the
path of hundreds of millions of dollars
out of Ukraine from 2011 to his escape
in 2014 through foreign bank accounts
and into the pockets of Yanukovych and
his cronies
since Ukraine became independent in 1991
it has been essentially looted by its
elites again and again and again and did
tactics they use are essentially always
identical faceless lawyers accountants
and bankers helped pass hundreds of
millions of dollars around the network
some as loans referenced redistribution
of means some as payments for building
materials home electronics some for cars
motorbikes even parquet flooring
the philosophy of money launderers is to
create a situation where the money has
moved through so many different
companies and so many different
countries I mean so many different
accounts thereby effectively laundering
it because nobody has the resources to
figure it out while he was still in
power the Yanukovych Network used
quick-paced to launder money sometimes
moving relatively small amounts via
complex paths with the help of Western
banks one document showed a payment of
4.4 million dollars made by quick pays
from its nominal home as a Cyprus
registered company
the money was held in a quick phase
account in Vienna with Austria's meinl
Bank it was wired to an account in
Frankfurt with commerce back
on to Deutsche Bank in New York it ended
up at Baltic International Bank in
Latvia in the account of a shell company
Foxtrot networks Limited Fox tron-like
quick pace is registered in Cyprus none
of the banks appear to have raised a red
flag what's called a suspicious activity
report
it's very easy for a bank to fill out a
suspicious activity report there's
actually pressing button the trouble is
who's digesting this the suspicious
activity reports and the answer is in
many cases nobody
the documents linking quick-paced to
Foxtrot networks internal in quick pace
to one of the world's highest profile
money laundering scandals it was
discovered by Russian accountant Sergei
Magnitsky he was working for an
investment firm based in Moscow and run
by Bill Browder Sergey exposed it he was
then arrested tortured and killed in
prison
the Russian government says Magnitsky
died of natural causes and accuses
Browder of the fraud Browder claims
Russian officials stole 230 million
dollars in state funds a huge quarter
billion dollar Russian government
embezzlement synonymous with injustice
and corruption invites a frightening
reminder of how quickly money can
disappear our documents reveal that Fox
Trot networks had been wired money by
quick pace in March 2014 we then
discovered that Fox Tron was owned by
one of the companies at the heart of the
Magnitsky affair final limited
final limited is one of the central
parts of the apparatus it's like the
spigot on the pipe
final is effectively a nominee company
that is the director for a number of
very crucial points in this money
laundering Network
both quick pace and the company at wired
money to Foxtrot networks are registered
in Cyprus which Ukrainians funnel their
money offshore to Cyprus and then
onwards beyond and then bring it back
again so it looks like foreign
investment so you can't really tell he
loans it in the quick pace deal another
Cyprus company pronto service Limited is
named as the seller of the one hundred
and sixty million dollars in frozen
assets but pronto service is just a cut
out and nominees shareholder it owns the
assets on paper but the real owner is
hiding behind it Christina saris is the
named Secretary of pronto service a
Cyprus based lawyer and offshore expert
Sarah's refused our request for an
interview
water divulge the name of the person
behind pronto service but we tracked her
down in a secretly recorded conversation
she confirmed to that quick pace had
been sold looking at a company called
quick pace I remember because he was I'm
not was closing and it was an outfit the
Cyprus company registry shows quick pace
was transferred to one of public Fox's
many companies ever more property
holdings with the help of his company
formation agent Chesterfield
the leaked documents also provide
evidence that the quick pace deal was
done or at least that his first phase
began Pavel Fuchs apparently made a
payment from a London Bank a transfer
two million dollars from Barclays Canary
Wharf Deutsche Bank in New York was used
to move the money they passed it to an
offshore company with an account in
Latvia and a mystery owner the money
went through no red flags Western banks
have had a hard time making money over
the last few years so when somebody
shows up and says I like to set up an
account with a hundred million dollars
they're gonna have to look for a pretty
good reason not to set up that account
other documents in the leak lead us to a
British village north of London under
British law there's a type of company
that allows foreign owners to avoid tax
and scrutiny it's called a limited
liability partnership companies are
brilliant some people call them getaway
cars for corrupt Murray I have heard
them better described as armor-plated
one of the companies is registered here
this is the official office of a company
worth hundreds of millions of dollars
Finkel resources LLP according to bank
statements leaked to us
Finkel made 328 million dollars in just
six months of 2013 but in public
accounts filed with UK authorities
Finkel claimed it made less than seven
thousand it looks like fraud so he came
to ask about it the managers at the
address of the registered office had
refused our request for an interview
hello there my name is Bill Jordan my
work without jazeera we're doing an
investigation into Ukraine
this hartfordshire office has registered
over 1,500 companies so the people who
work here just run a postbox service
with the director secretary and address
all being proxies finding out who really
owns a company can be almost impossible
if you own something in your own name
then you can just look on the company
register on the property register and
said oh there you go it's all of his
house but if I own that house in a
company a British company and if my
British company is owned by let's say
and a Cypriot company think my Cypriot
company is owned by let's say a
panamanian company and if my panamanian
company is owned by a Nevis company then
if you want to find out who owns this
house you have to go to every one of
those jurisdictions and ask them who
owns that company hello
hello I wanted to ask about couple of
companies thin core resources
Finkle resources features in the files
it's nominee directors were also
involved in the Magnitsky scandal a
Latvian citizen called Yuri vit Minh
signs the papers for thin core he's just
a cutout for the person who really owns
and controls the company another
director is stan Goran again a cutout
whose name is regularly used as a
frontman by money launderers these name
directors may be paid for their nominee
role but are likely ignorant of any
fraud the information you've presented
is what I call the pipe this is the pipe
through which dirty money from Russia
Ukraine and other countries in that part
of the world all flow through Israel
effectively part of the same criminal
operation
the pipeline leads to Moscow as well as
the links with the Magnitsky affair the
documents feature hundreds of emails
from lawyers based here they're so
concerned to conceal the name of their
client they write in cryptic language
good evening
February 26 2015 put the book on the top
shelf technical tasks read the book can
give a positive review of it counsel the
decision of three floors to leave
enforce the decision of one and two
floors sincerely is it agreed with my
supervisor but who is the supervisor
we found the answer buried deep in a key
document a loan agreement shows
quick-paced was used to put up
collateral by a company called VTech
media invest in order to borrow huge
funds in October 2013 their tech belongs
to Sergey tkachenko known as the
baby-faced gas king of Ukraine by age 27
he was worth 400 million dollars
former President Yanukovych apparently
treated him like a wallet tkachenko gave
cash to the president whenever he needed
it
he is given control of a chunk of the
gastro he made a lot of money for
himself and then he cut back most of it
then to his political patrons which was
you know Yanukovych or Yanukovych his
son there's more evidence pointing to
tkachenko as the seller a lawyer called
Boris Gustav appears in the emails
Russian business records show he's
director of United Media Holdings the
United media used to belong to Sergey
tkachenko Putin was just businessmen but
I can say very talented corrupt guy
because he used the very tricky schemes
very unusual schemes to steal money
today he's in hiding in Moscow wanted in
Ukraine sanctioned in the US and Europe
his office is in a skyscraper complex
developed by Pavel Fox's companies
two of his former drivers told us more
about him tkachenko is always asking
when we will arrive if you don't answer
immediately you'll be fired it was the
worst job I ever had
he swears he screams at his employees he
fires two to three people every month
he's very inadequate the drivers are
worried that they'll be in danger if
their former boss finds out they've been
talking to us he is unbalanced and
unhinged
he's a vengeful person unprincipled and
ruthless
kochenko's only given three interviews
to journalists one was even Golan off a
tabula in ambition in the fool moon
valley militia a treeless really lived
in terrestrial widows at Maryland Amenia
of tomorrow
yes assume you'd all be extra icky
school coverage it is a reproach it
James Elkins Canyon spa coolest yeah
patent post interview with a million
photos yogaha film study if the wish
revenues criminal we tracked down
tkachenko using information from his
former chauffeurs he's guarded by alpha
group former counterterrorism special
forces they are fought in wars and have
state medals they are armed with rubber
bullets just before 7 a.m.
the guards receive information that he's
coming they get in position there are
five cars 18 people in the convoy
the cars are fitted with signal blockers
with a 200 meter range
the convoy includes armed security
tkachenko travels in the second
bulletproof vehicle there's a mobile
ambulance with a medic there's a fourth
vehicle blocking the entrance to the
complex and a fifth sweeper car
tkachenko had an argument with some
Chechen guys in a restaurant after that
he stepped up his security
tkachenko rushes out glimpsed for a
split second before he's inside the
building his staff bring his things and
the drivers park and wait
we often drive into the Ministry of
Economic Development the Ministry of
Natural Resources the National Space
Agency
we'll say the Russian presidential
administration
State gasps firm Gazprom
state oil firm Rosneft state-funded VTB
Bank on just would do a couple of East
Integra Cisco paste
Maimonides children's ticket on pedasi
history Tony voiced Akita was more
institution to immunise krasnogorovka
moe
Ukraine's spy agency reports that he's
helping the Russian side in the conflict
in Ukraine he's running some of the
biggest coal oil and gas companies in
annexed Crimea and areas controlled by
Russian separatists installs wizards of
their past avec de Jujuy
an Iranian organs within each corner of
next future in most countries you have
the government of criminals and yet
businessmen in Russia all those
distinctions have effectively
disappeared
it's the interest of Russia to destroy
Ukraine from inside it's against the
interest of Kremlin for Ukraine to
succeed in anti-corruption
through the quick-paced deal we've
uncovered a plot to profit from the
billions stolen by the clan surrounding
former ukrainian President Viktor
Yanukovych a baby-faced billionaire used
dozens of lawyers seemingly to turn
frozen assets into clean money our
evidence was confirmed by one of the
fires of QuickBase was one of the
businessman turned from the ex
government Sergey Kiche that it was
wretched yeah
for honest Shenko buying assets stolen
in a grand corruption case is just
another day at the office so there is
like kind of business that you can buy
cheap and to try to how to say to fix
the problem to make the money since
about when I revealed that we had the
quick pace document onishchenko denied
that the deal went ahead
there was like normal business but this
one has not happened yet within buyer
they didn't know they wanted to sell us
asset which was already frozen they gave
us very good discount but then we check
to us like unpossible to unfold exactly
they may not yet have made money but our
evidence directly contradicts on a
Schenker's account that the deal did not
go ahead official documents record a
change of ownership of quick pace a
lawyer in Cyprus said the sale had
happened I remember because I was
closing Ukraine's anti-corruption Bureau
also confirmed the sale Venetian missus
resisting businessman of fulsome Luke
ability so it never happened never
happened
at the offices of Ukraine's
anti-corruption Bureau a powerful
politician with his entourage has
arrived to complain Obi Wan hua parado
was less president what remove a
commodity or take Lebanon is probably
what the goals are people watch The
Millionaire politician had just learned
that he was under investigation the
argument all streamed live on national
television sec cranes corruption fight
wealthy politicians versus NASA Hall at
Netscape the young new anti-corruption
prosecutor cousin ability protomans to
off show circle the brass voice
Chambliss CODIS at converting the potato
he way knowledge-based is a natural
green away west allis sitcom circle a
kid was young about managing a real
dream we are witnessing old traditional
corrupt system try to do everything
possible to destroy this new agency
actually the second bar to disco make
sure Wawa shit Ivanova who time Killa
Rama Torian is not only pray that the
anti-corruption Bureau is drowning in
paperwork and it's case against
onishchenko is falling apart what
chances do you think there are of seeing
mr. onishchenko behind bars
da da da da na kabhi khushi mayor
pronghorns ignorable more obsessive in
police batons
so what chance do you think there is
that you will ever go to prison I don't
know it's like we say in Ukraine that
nobody insure from the prison yeah
Ukraine's anti-corruption Chiefs console
themselves by saying they've seized
onishchenko is private jet it's brie
Heights a tech word sub winds brassiere
shivadas it and IRA Dromio normally
Munakata debt I was very high so very
high is cryptic but even that appears to
be an illusion
we track down the jet sitting at Luton
Airport in the UK it was sold in March
last year for 25 million dollars today
it's for charter to the super-rich
costing around $30,000 an hour
did I see one of your private jets no
it's a book there is no this is nothing
from me not in Syria
for its people now the poorest in Europe
the Ukrainian tragedy plays on the stove
I'm cheerful mr. Madonna
do the puranas blue
boomer is blue Yamanaka Pristina
Trevorrow a therefore zeal Apocrypha
so what no prosto Rose pastry war
Arizona's toxicosis night so deal ensure
provision is marina strongly plushies
delete a technomage aboot Alexander
onishenko has now been granted asylum in
Spain
Pavel Fuchs is stepping up his
investments in Ukraine buying gas
companies and possibly a bank
Sergei tkachenko has London lawyers
working to overturn his sanctions and
unfreeze his money
everyone gets away with that if you look
at the amount of money that's stolen in
developing countries globally every year
it is estimated at a trillion dollars
with a tea
how much is recovered out of every
thousand dollars that's stolen 25 cents
imitates engine as leader Ikaruga
inertia business colonies bulla promote
piano ecology
Oona's devaloka department we test where
Terry was a Tomo process are a.cian in
battle with Audrey
you
