the action started in the stands long
before kickoff in this golf Cup final
between Oman and UAE more than 20 planes
had carried supporters and journalists
from the two nations as they pack the
60,000 capacity al-jabbar stadium in
Kuwait this a team event may not
resonate globally but in this region
it's like a World Cup and the emani's
were determined to take the trophy home
we came all the way from Oman to take
the trophy back and there's no doubt
that it's coming home the Gold Cup is
very important for us otherwise we
wouldn't be here we're not here as
tourists we came here to win the title
on the pitch it was Oman that posed the
biggest threat but it wasn't until the
89th minute when the Emiratis were
awarded a penalty that it looked as
though the 2009 champions were in real
danger of losing this final Omar Abdul
Rahman had the chance to seal a third
title for his team but Imani goalkeeper
fazer Rashidi rose to the occasion
saving the penalty and sending the Omani
fans into frenzy things got worse for
the UAE as the game was heading to extra
time in their hopes of clinching their
third title started to fade after a
goalless extra time the match went into
a dramatic penalty shootout UAE hero
Omar Abdul Rahman had a chance to redeem
himself but things turned horribly wrong
for the striker Oman held on for a 5-4
win to clinch their second title and
send the nation into jubilation
thank God we finally made it I want to
thank all our fans who came here to
support us and we just couldn't send
them home empty-handed
I congratulate our sultan qaboos our
fellow man and the ones that came here
to watch us they deserve this victory
right now it's not clear whether the
trophy will be defended with unity
having been restored in the Gulf
sonamoo's al Jazeera Kuwait
