like free t-shirt for the true believers
in the current labor party this is the
must-have item a conference
never mind that their leader Jeremy
Corbyn has only a lukewarm relationship
with the European Union criticizing it
in the past as a capitalist club
convincing him to defeat brexit is
everything now the Labour Party is a
democratic party well it's becoming a
more democratic party and I think that
the leadership will accept the voice of
the members and that's about democracy
and actually the call for a new
referendum on brexit is also about
democracy labour membership has boomed
under a philosophy that says the wider
the wealth gap in Britain the harder you
have to fight back until now this
unrepentant socialism had maintained a
deafening silence over brexit but no
longer over the course of this week the
Labour Party has unveiled a whole set of
eye catching aggressively positioned
policies in favour of redistributing
wealth to working people things like
putting workers on company boards we
nationalizing key services that sort of
thing and every single one of them could
be achieved without the UK having to
leave the European Union against deal so
labour is now offering two things at
once first to vote down any deal the
government comes up with in Parliament's
on the grounds that it will be
economically damaging while
simultaneously calling for national
election or a new vote which could
include a choice of not leaving Europe
at all gradually it seems the tide is
turning we know already that the EU
leaders would definitely extend the
article 50 process if we were to have
a vote on the deal or indeed general
election they wouldn't interfere in that
democratic process and makers go over
the line during that time so really
that's not a worry what we need to do is
to make sure that we do have that option
so that it's the people of this country
having the final say and not just a few
politicians most Labour MPs who support
brexit haven't turned up this week they
worry that a u-turn could alienate their
own constituents who voted to leave this
veteran looked suddenly like a stranger
in his own party when seventeen and a
half million people vote we know that
Cameron told you we'll get a different
result well the truth is they voted the
other way and they voted to come out and
I don't think you can fly in the face of
people 70 percent in some constituencies
voting to get out brexit is so important
yet so impossibly complicated last week
there was no future but brexit even if
nobody knows what that entails suddenly
it appears a gap has emerged brexit is
by no means a certainty lawrence lee al
jazeera
liverpool
