a Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has
revealed his wishes Andrew for 2018 what
are they and why should we care about
this well Mark Zuckerberg in the years
past his focus on learning Mandarin or
reading 25 books in a year but this year
2018 he says he wants to fix Facebook
the company's CEO says that Facebook has
a lot of work to do whether it's
protecting our community from abuse and
hate or defending against interference
by nation-states he also says he will
dedicate 2018 to studying ways to
reinstate Facebook's original motto
which is to give people the power now
Zuckerberg comments follow a damning
report that came out the other day which
found that Facebook is deleting content
and blocking users at the orders of the
Israeli and US government's Facebook now
collaborating with the most powerful
governments on the planet the Israelis
and the Americans in particular to
determine who's allowed to speak and who
isn't and what messages are allowed to
be conveyed and which ones aren't and
you can go on to Twitter or you can go
onto Facebook pretty much every single
day and see calls for extreme amounts of
violence to be directed against Iran
ian's to be directed against people in
Gaza or the West Bank to be directed
against people in the Muslim world and
obviously Facebook and Twitter are never
going to remove that kind of incitement
to violence because that's consistent
with the policy of Western government
now for many Palestinians this is just
confirmation that they are in fact being
targeted on social media in 2016 the
Israeli government even signed a deal
with Facebook to tackle what it calls
incitement online and since then over
400 Palestinians have been put behind
bars under that offense that's according
to the Palestine prisoners Center for
studies at the time Facebook justified
this measure saying that online
extremism can only be tackled with the
strong partnership between policymakers
civil society academia and companies and
this is true in Israel and around the
world after that many websites and users
found themselves blocked such as members
of the Shabaab news agency of the Kurds
News Network Facebook later said that
that was actually a mistake but these
cases are so frequent that the that a
boycott movement was started around a
hashtag Facebook centers sin
sirs rather Palestine that's still being
used today now it's interesting as
Raley's have also said that the platform
has been biased against them in 2016 the
NGO Israel Law Center created the big
Facebook experiment to prove just that
now Facebook hasn't responded to Al
Jazeera's request for comment on this
story but a representative told The
Guardian newspaper that the company will
continue to work with appropriate
government authorities to ensure we meet
our legal obligations and to explore
options for complying with the law in a
way that maximizes free expression on
our platform and keeps people safe
