the hotline linking North and South
Korea is in use again Pyongyang wants to
talk about next month's Winter Olympics
but Seoul also wants to discuss its
nuclear program with next week's meeting
ease tensions or make things worse this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava North Korea's leader Kim
jong-un started off 2018 by extending an
olive branch to the country's southern
neighbor and now Kim's New Year's Day
address has led to planned talks between
the longtime rivals delegations from the
two nations will meet on Tuesday for the
first face-to-face talks in two years
during that time North Korea has
conducted three nuclear tests and fired
more than 40 missiles including its most
advanced yet but even as it calls for
yuju's tensions pyongyang insists it
won't get rid of its nuclear program so
how much can Tuesday's talks really
achieve we get our guess in just a
moment but first florist away has this
report from Seoul in a few days the
truce village of Panmunjom on the
Demilitarized Zone that separates North
and South Korea will be a hive of
activity representatives from the two
countries will hold high-level talks
here for the first time in more than two
years earlier this week North Korean
leader Kim jong-un initiated dialogue in
his New Year's Day address four days
later his government agreed to hold
talks the announcement came just hours
after the u.s. and South Korea agreed to
postpone annual military drills
scheduled for the end of February these
have long been regarded as provocative
by Pyongyang Yongsan the two leaders
agreed not to conduct South korea-us
joint military drills during the Tumtum
Olympics and to do their best to ensure
the security of the Olympics next week's
discussions will Center on North Korea's
participation in the upcoming Winter
Olympics as well as generally improving
inter-korean relations but officials
here in South Korea are also hoping the
negotiations will eventually lead to
North Korea returning to international
talks on its nuclear program even so
president moon jae-in is cautiously
optimistic saying we should refrain from
making premature judgement or
expectation
the Japanese defense minister also
sounded a note of caution
Luigi North Korea goes through phases of
apparent dialogue and provocation but
either way North Korea is continuing its
nuclear and missile development we have
no intention of weakening our warning
and surveillance in his New Year's Day
speech said North Korea would maintain
its nuclear weapons program and even
called for the mass production and
deployment of nuclear warheads and
missiles from the conservative
perspective North Korea is trying to buy
time the majority seems to believe that
North Korea is trying to finalize its
technical development - to achieve
operational ICBM so you know as US CIA
has announced before they are talking
about two three months time in terms of
finalizing the ICBM system and it looks
like this is a perfect action on their
side you know to buy time last year
North Korea test-fired three
intercontinental ballistic missiles or
ICBMs including one that it says it's
capable of reaching the US mainland many
hope the upcoming talks remain the best
option for now of de-escalating the
crisis on the Korean Peninsula
Florence lui al Jazeera saw
there have been some diplomatic
breakthroughs on the Korean Peninsula in
the past with the Ryung
results the first inter-korean summit
was held in 2000 the two sides signed a
declaration allowing separated families
to have reunion meetings seven years
later there were renewed calls for
international mediation the second
summit ended with a declaration to
continue working towards a permanent
peace treaty but diplomacy has fizzled
since then the last round of talks
happened in December 2015 and ended in
failure North Korea stopped answering
communication lines inside the
Demilitarized Zone in February 2016
let's bring in our guests in Seoul in
bum chum a retired Lefton in general
with the South Korean army and joining
us on skype from tokyo michael pan
president of the cheng stew news agency
thank you for joining us let me start by
asking mr. cha this is the meeting
purely about Winter Olympics or there's
more to the story
we're hoping that this will lead to
further negotiations and talks that will
set a stage or a foundation for a
easement of tensions on the Korean
Peninsula and hopefully a resolution to
the nuclear issue that has been rising
in this region which is affecting the
world mr. pan is this purely an attempt
by the North Korean Koreans to test
waters or do you think that this could
be a genuine attempt to move forward and
solve the long disputes between all the
parties well I think that it is genuine
is my sense but of course it really
depends on what your expectations are if
if your expectation is that this is
going to lead to denuclearization of
North Korea's policy well that's not
going to happen but it is a genuine
attempt I think to reduce more tensions
and to try to bring some degree of
normalcy back to the situation mr. chum
the reason why I was asking you the
question about the
real reasons behind the overture is
because it brings back memories of from
1988 during the Winter Olympics in Seoul
North Koreans stepped in and they said
they would like to join a unified team
then they said they wanted to co-host
the the games with the South Korea's
then they pulled out in created an
international crisis back then is there
any political agenda here I think it's
hard to say right now but I think it's
safe to assume that there is a political
agenda we won't know until we actually
come to a meeting table with the North
Koreans which will happen in a couple of
days so I think it would be prudent to
see and wait to see what happens during
those meetings and those initial talks
let's move a little bit beyond they know
of the Korean Peninsula mr. pan what is
the general sentiment among the Japanese
about what is happening now well I think
the general sentiment if you talk about
Japanese public as a whole is is there's
a general welcoming of the fact that the
tensions have been reduced somewhat
although I do think that there's also a
lot of caution the Japanese public
probably isn't deeply aware of what's
going on quite yet this is quite new
information and many of them have just
been on vacation as from the Japanese
government's perspective the Abacos
perspective is a very different outlet
the obby government I think you can
fairly say does not welcome the peace
talks at this time this is exactly what
they didn't want in terms of their own
domestic political agenda which right
now is moving forward towards possibly
revising the Japanese Constitution the
obvious perspective actually tensions
would be more appropriately can reduce
tensions mr. Chung I mean you served in
the military in South Korea
I mean initiating contact in the
demilitarized zone between the two
countries what does it mean from a
military perspective from a logistics
perspective and is it going to be
conducive to broader talks about a
permanent settlement of the crisis
in the peninsula well first off along
the border as far as I know there has
not been any kind of buildup of forces
so I don't think that there will be any
immediate talks about reduction because
there haven't has there has not been any
kind of build up along the demilitarized
zone itself
now in the future of course this is a
this is a critical item that needs to be
talked but this is in the Far Far Away
future
right now we are focuses somehow
denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula and
before that how we are able to how we
will be able to ease tensions and this
area to reach that goal but do you think
that the first meeting is just going to
be confidence-building measure or they
would move forward and start tackling
the nuclear issue knowing that the North
Koreans made it quite clear that this is
a red line yes so you brought up a very
important point there
confidence-building measures we haven't
had many of those in recent years so one
of the first challenges that we face is
how are we going to build some trust and
maybe this is an area where the South
Korean government can broker some sort
of role between the North Koreans and
the United States and other neighbors
within the region mr. pan chin so a base
described the the the mounting tension
as the most severe situation his country
faces since a second world war I mean I
thought is this meeting the meeting is
it likely to further stoke tension or is
it good news from a government's
perspective in Japan right well I mean
to be honest I think she's Urabe was
going to give that same exact sea
even if nothing happened during the
holiday break that was that was planned
from well ahead of time you know Shinzo
Abe a right now is just about to embark
this this year on an effort to try to
revise the Japanese Constitution and
part of his argument why this needs to
be done is because Japan is under an
imminent military threat most most
clearly from North Korea and so a
reduction of tensions peace talks this
is not so what he wanted at this time
this is exactly so far the Japanese
government hasn't even reacted they
haven't said we welcome the talks we
welcome a reduction of tensions nothing
of that sort has been said by the
Japanese government at all yet listen
let's further explore what's on the
table here and what's the options for
all the parties mr. Chung a president
moon jae-in is a big fan of the sunshine
policy who would like to pursue the same
agenda try to shower the northern
Koreans with more incentives to convince
them to set aside their nuclear and
weapons ambitions are we likely to see
him pursue the same policy
I think we're stretching a little bit by
saying that the moon administration is a
big fan of the sunshine policy I think
the administration fully understands the
restrictions and the difference between
the initial sunshine policy period and
what it is today mainly that the North
Koreans have nuclear weapons
so we're if we if we want to ease
tensions on the Korean Peninsula I think
we will be doing this in coordination
with not only the United States our
closest ally but our neighbors around us
so that we can ensure that the goal is
very clear that's the neat
denuclearization of North Korea and to
ensure that proliferation of these very
dangerous weapons do not occur so
although the sunshine policy is a means
to open and have a have a more free
North Korea I don't think that this
administration is under the
misconception that that it's going to be
the same as twenty years before genuine
not a genuine overture mr.pan I mean the
Japanese would like to see an aggressive
approach mr. Chum is saying that the
sunshine policy hasn't brought about any
significant change in the past but then
the question is what's the option if you
cannot move forward with political
choice the North Koreans made it clear
no concessions whatsoever on their
program take it or leave it
yeah well I mean again I would say it
really depends upon your expectations I
think that any effort to convince the
North Korean regime to give up its
nuclear weapons whether that effort be
through sanctions or through talks is
going to be a failure and the reason is
quite simple I think that the Kim regime
sees these weapons as absolutely
necessary to its own continued survival
so can you really expect them to give up
something which they see as their
lifeline I don't think you can but what
I do think we can do and I think that
should be the goal of the policy is to
try to at least avoid a catastrophic war
that could kill many many people and so
I think that that should be what our
focus should be on is to avoid the
worst-case scenarios and they try to
bring things down to it sort of the same
reasonable level where at least we're
talking and at least look the fear of an
immediate war is off the table mr. cha
me have been mentioning the idea of
broadening the sphere of the partners to
come together and negotiate a permanent
solution to the crisis do you believe
that bringing the Japanese the Chinese
the Russians the Americans to come
together South Koreans North Korean
could be the best option to try to
initiate an ambitious program that could
end the crisis
before I answer that question I just
want to remind everyone that the moon
administration so far has been very firm
in its responses towards the
provocations that the North Koreans have
been activating recently if you look at
the responses immediate a show of force
demonstrations combined operations all
of these have shown the North Koreans
that they're dealing with not only a
liberal and progressive government in
South Korea but a firm South Korean
government and a strong us Korean
alliance here but that's nothing by the
way I also believe that I can see what
you're hinting at mr. chomp at the same
time that's not that does not seem to be
the case we've seen moon jae-in
distancing himself from the rhetoric of
President Trump and saying basically I
would like to give diplomacy a chance
this is exactly why he stepped in he
said give the go-ahead to the bilateral
talks of the two delegations to meet as
soon as possible and were forward which
was not absolutely in any way the case
for the Americans it's it's too early to
tell what the intent full intentions of
the North Koreans are but I think the
South Koreans and the United States are
willing to give them the benefit of the
doubt for the for the moment and see
where all of this leads to but with the
foundations of making sure that we are
in a firm position and not of weakness
okay mr. pan I mean what does what do
you think the US will stand in this
particular idea of resuming to talks
we've seen the tweets by President Trump
the statements made by nikki Haley and
they were very critical of the of the of
the North Korean government do you think
that this time they will try to pull out
to give diplomacy better chances I think
that we should be very worried about
what US policy is going to be during
this period I mean
frankly uh you know if you're going to
seriously and analyze what is the Trump
foreign policy its many things all at
the same time other Tillerson policy the
Haley policy of a Donald Trump policy
they're all on different tracks
basically and so I think that you know
the probably the greatest source of
instability and unpredictability is
where the US government is going to come
down and all of this I guess certainly
if you take the point of view of the
establishment it's going to be basically
very skeptical of any moves made by
North Korea and will not look too warmly
at these talks between the two parties
mister Chum we you have the South
Korea's who said that they would like to
give a chance to those talks at the same
time you have your biggest ally the
United States of America its president
has been using terms like fire and fury
and that series will totally destroy
North Korea this battery do you believe
that it is going to lead the area
anywhere towards a peaceful settlement
or just stoke fire and conflict yeah I
think a couple of hours ago President
Trump took credit upon himself saying
that because he did make those
statements that it made the North
Koreans aware of the firm resolve of not
only the United States but the believe
that trance
do you believe what he said get yes III
think that it was a the firm stance of
the u.s. president did form the
circumstances for where we are today and
hopefully this will lead to a better
solution than war mm-hmm mr. pan Japan
is more closely monitoring the situation
there are two options here a
breakthrough that would lead to a
genuine dialogue many people are
skeptical about it all more tension
chenza are be said that his
gonna give the deadline for 2020 if
nothing happens it will revise the
Constitution and then to pave the way
for Japan to have his own Armed Forces
is this a likely scenario well I think
that one of the most predictable players
in all of this is definitely Shinzo
Xavier and that's that
he's going to keep being an advocate
pressure sanctions doing everything you
know in terms of putting more and more
pressure on North Korea to give up its
nuclear weapons which is going to go
nowhere and so what you can expect is a
consistent hardline coming from Tokyo
which produces results mr. Chung would
like to ask you this this is a nation I
mean both countries have been together
for more than a thousand years separated
for almost seventy years are there any
chances that they can come together one
day set aside their differences and
negotiate a permanent solution where we
might ultimately see one nation or do
you think this is wishful thinking for
the time being yes as a Korean I have
this enduring hope that once again we
will be unified I and and it's not just
the hope it's it's an eventuality the
only question is how it will look so I
have I have a firm belief that we will
one day be unified and that a unified
Korea will contribute not only to this
region but to world peace is that you
can set among the Koreans the right now
that if the talks fail that could have
some impact on the Winter Games for now
I think a lot of Koreans are relieved
that the North Koreans especially their
leader Kim jong-un himself has announced
that he's willing to use dialogue and
negotiations where this will lead to be
honest with you I think we just have to
do our best and see
will lead and but I'm hoping for the
best I hope that after the Winter
Olympics
we'll use that opportunity for a
resolution where both sides will be able
to negotiate and and work for peace okay
mr. pan I mean we've been trying to
touch upon some different aspects of the
story particularly the possibility for a
breakthrough that could be conducive to
political talks and that could also help
the whole region I would like to go back
to the same question as asked initially
I mean from a Japanese perspective is
this something that can only be
negotiated between north-south or they
believe that key players countries with
a huge leverage China Russia Japan the
United States of America are the sole
guarantors what permanent solution to
the crisis in the Korean Peninsula
frankly I don't really see that there is
a strategic goal really at play that's
visible if you're talking about Japanese
government policy you know what's the
endgame what is it that they would like
to see at the end of the process and so
far there hasn't really been any vision
that's been put out there by the
Japanese government and and the idea
basically that through pressure they're
going to get everything they want
doesn't seem to be realistic and nobody
really expects that to happen so it's
not clear that there is really a
strategy sort of per se going on in
among the Japanese government but more
broadly among the Japanese public
there's always a strong desire for peace
it's a country that has a strong
pacifist sentiment since World War two
and you know they would like to have
positive thank you and friendly
relations with all it would be
interesting to see how things move
forward in the coming days and weeks
so chums the pen thank you very much
indeed for your contribution to that
program and thank you too for watching
you can see that program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside sari from me Hashima my love
the whole team here bye for now
you
