president Trump's second speech to the
193 member countries of the United
Nations started with a bold claim and it
was met with gasps and astonishment
today I stand before the United Nations
General Assembly to share the
extraordinary progress we've made in
less than two years my administration
has accomplished more than almost any
Administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay this was a speech that followed his
America first theme he said the world
would work best with strong nations
working in their own national interest
raising the question of whether the US
will now give up its moral leadership on
issues like human rights America will
always choose independence and
cooperation over global governance
control and domination I honor the right
of every nation in this room to pursue
its own customs beliefs and traditions
the United States will not tell you how
to live or work or worship on North
Korea his tone was very different from a
year ago he thanked Kim jong-un for his
courage in meeting him
Iran was though once again targeted for
condemnation Iran's leaders so chaos
death and destruction they do not
respect their neighbors or borders or
the sovereign rights of nations
instead Iran's leaders plundered the
nation's resources to enrich themselves
and to spread mayhem across the Middle
East
and far beyond there was perhaps to an
olive branch though to the Iranian
president Hassan rouhani in a tweet
Trump said I'm sure he's an absolutely
lovely man and when he arrived at the UN
he added this Trump speech was markedly
different from that of the UN Secretary
General Antonio Guterres who stressed
the need to return to an international
rules-based order the UN will also be
worried that the Trump administration is
again talking about reassessing the
amounts it gives in international aid
and the money it pays to fund the United
Nations
