a large chunk of North America was
already in a deep freeze now the
northeast coast is being hit
particularly hard from a winter Blizzard
Massachusetts bearing the brunt of it
blowing snow made for near whiteout
conditions along the coastal regions of
the state
there was icy flooding in the seaside
town of situate Massachusetts boats were
seen floating in icy waters all of the
northeast of the u.s. was hit with what
meteorologists were loosely calling a
snow hurricane it closed many schools
and government offices in New York heavy
snow and particularly high winds nearly
brought the city to a halt and by
afternoon most businesses had closed up
for the day
the mayor declared a winter storm
emergency and asked residents to stay
indoors this is a serious area storm
between the very low temperature the
strong winds the driving snow everyone
should take this one very seriously and
take precautions the conditions brought
airports to a standstill
thousands of flights canceled in the
Northeast leaving travelers either
queuing up to rebook or stranded unsure
of when they might be able to fly a
flight was canceled
and we never got any information that
was being cancelled and now we're
delayed and we're not sure if we're
gonna be flying out of here anytime soon
further south and Georgia water
fountains were no match for the cold a
rare sight where temperatures this low
are highly unusual as for the first time
first time five years I've seen snow or
even cold and ice as much sis but back
up in the Northeast the situation could
get worse overnight the governor of
Massachusetts saying Friday likely won't
be any better if a foot of snow wasn't
enough the forecast predicts
single-digit temperatures to move in on
Friday a storm that hit hard and the
temperatures now expected to dip down
again to minus 20 degrees Celsius and
below there seems little chance much
melting away
Gabriel is Ando al Jazeera New York
