the Shasha Loza main is a popular train
for families during the busy holiday
season it was hitting from the beaches
of Port Elizabeth to Johannesburg but
several hours south of the city it
collided with a truck and trailer at a
level crossing officials say the driver
had tried to beat the train across the
track he walked away with minor injuries
you can see for yourself that the truck
driver was taking chances
in thought that he was going to pass
through lately did you know that the
train was going to hit him that has
costed lots of lives half of the
carriages were derailed and burst into
flames the train was carrying about 700
people tourists families and workers who
just said goodbye to loved ones heading
back to their jobs after the Christmas
holiday stunt travelers waited by the
road for buses to complete their journey
conscious that for many families there
will be no happy homecoming Tonya page
al Jazeera Johannesburg
