Donald Trump threatens to cut off
financial aid to the Palestinian
Authority and Pakistan but Palestinian
officials and Islamabad have strongly
pushed back against the u.s. president
so what's behind Trump's words this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava Palestinian leaders say
they will not be blackmailed after US
President General Trump threatened to
cut aid worth around three-quarters of a
billion dollars a year
he made the statement on Twitter blaming
Palestinians for refusing to engage in
Middle East peace talks relations with
the US have plummeted since Trump
recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital
last month the eight cut threatens money
allocated to the Palestinian Authority
most u.s. funding goes to the
development and building projects and
not directly to the authority itself
also at risk is funding to the United
Nations Relief and Works Agency or
Ottawa which assists Palestinian
refugees the u.s. is its largest donor
both measures if they go ahead would cut
around 765 million dollars a year in a
to the Palestinians we'll get to our
guests in a moment but first this report
from Mohamed Abdullah from Ramallah in
the occupied West Bank for amnesic aldi
a mother of three Palestinian refugee
children a routine trip to the doctor
was already riddled with complications
but after hearing the US may decide to
cut more than 300 million dollars of
annual aid to the United Nations Relief
and Works Agency for Palestinian
refugees or UNRWA as it is known she now
worries a bad situation may worsen it's
getting more difficult it's getting more
complicated and things aren't getting
solved everything is becoming more
expensive what was available before is
not nowadays on Wednesday residents of
the occupied West Bank woke up to the
news that US President Donald Trump may
halt aid payments worth hundreds of
millions of dollars to Palestinians if
they're no longer willing to talk peace
60 year old model Aleph rule like so
many other Palestinian refugees here
relies on this UNRWA supported clinic in
an ahmadi refugee camp a health center
that depends on foreign aid
I don't know it's hard because of the
difficult situation here our conditions
only allow us to go to this clinic while
UNRWA officials tell al-jazeera they've
not been informed by the US
administration of any changes in funding
to the agency the cuts could have a
devastating impact approximately 5
million Palestinian refugees are
eligible for UNRWA services close to
800,000 of them live here in the West
Bank and another 1.3 million are in Gaza
condemnation from Palestinian officials
who insist they are still very much
committed to the peace process was Swift
many of them said Palestine was not for
sale
we've lived for a long time without
American aid and we can survive without
American Aid and if Trini means that
there be more hunger and less ability to
survive look at what the gazans have
sustained because of Israeli siege of
Gaza but but people you know are not
willing to sell their homeland for money
now faced with the prospects of a
political solution growing dimmer and
humanitarian aid getting scarce ur the
only thing it seems Palestinians can
count on is even more uncertainty
mohammed al jazeera Ramallah the
occupied West Bank
now it's not just the Palestinians
Donald Trump is threatening he's also
taking aim as Pakistan Trump has vowed
to cut financial assistance to the
Pakistani government which he accuses of
giving nothing but lies and deceit in
return for billions of US dollars in aid
here is what the US ambassador to the UN
told reporters on Tuesday Pakistan had
played a double game for years they work
with us at times and they also harbor
the terrorists that attack our troops in
Afghanistan that game is not acceptable
to this administration we expect far
more cooperation from Pakistan in the
fight against terrorism let's bring in
our guests in New York Steven Rogers
member of the Donald Trump for president
advisory board in Washington DC we have
David Sydney's senior fellow at the
Center for Strategic and International
Studies he's also a former deputy US
assistant secretary for defense for
Afghanistan and Pakistan thank you very
much indeed for joining us let me start
by asking mr. borgers this what is
Donald Trump trying to do here is he
trying to ship the u.s. foreign policy
in general just he's being tough on
countries he considers not doing enough
to help the United States of America
well to begin with no country on the
face of this earth is entitled and I
used the word and emphasized in title 2
American tax dollars the president this
money comes out of the generosity of the
American people the President of the
United States made it very very clear
when he campaigned and when he took
office that America is gonna be first a
lot of that money could now be used for
our problems our infrastructure the
things that we need to get done in this
country now now look Pakistan for
example criticized his national security
policy it seems to me that as long as
the money is flowing things are fine but
now that the money stopping the world is
waking up a little so what would their
gonna have to do is think twice before
they criticize this country but how much
money I was just going to made it very
clear almost money are we talking about
here you give us the impression that
we're talking about something that could
substantially change their livelihood of
millions of people
about an overall forty billion dollars
that the United States of America
donates Norway Sweden give more money
than the u.s. itself well look we're not
responsible for the entire world the
president is responsible to the American
people so maybe the world world leaders
are going to have to step up and
contribute more where did this idea come
from that the other countries are
entitled to our tax dollars that's where
the problem lies so look I don't think
the president is is is going to do
damage to young children to others that
you talked about in your clip earlier he
wants world peace he wants to sit with
leaders and and and have a lot of
cooperation around the world but they
have to do their part also mr. Sedley
how do you see this ongoing debate about
the threats by the US administration to
cut aid to countries if they're not on
board well I think you're really talking
about two very different issues here and
talking about Pakistan and the
Palestinians who in the in the case of
the Palestinians that you began you
began your clip with over the course of
the last year the Trump administration
there's been a lot of bumbling and
fumbling on the administration they went
ahead and moved the US Embassy to
Jerusalem without getting anything from
Israel causing the reaction from the
Palestinians and now apparently the
president is trying to punish the
Palestinians for their reaction to that
that's really a case where the US needs
to have a clearer overall strategy on
the other hand with Pakistan the u.s.
does have a clear overall strategy there
was a very exhaustive national security
process that resulted in a speech to the
nation by President Trump in August
where he laid out a very clear policy
towards Pakistan and Afghanistan and he
said then that Pakistan needed to do
more if it wanted to continue its
relationship the United States he sent
the Secretary of State and the Secretary
of Defense there over the last several
months but so far Pakistan hasn't done
anything and it's not just the United
States that is concerned that Pakistan
is not responding former Pakistani Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif the other day gave
an interview where he said the real
problem in the case of Pakistan is
Pakistan itself he said Pakistan needs
to do a self-examination but then and
finally there's different kinds of 8:08
involved here the aid to Pakistan is
direct cash we transfer cash directly to
the Treasury of the country of Pakistan
that they can then use to support their
military and other programs including
sometimes their nuclear programs on the
other hand the money that we're giving
that it is helping the Palestinians is
humanitarian assistance so I really
think we're talking about apples and
oranges here I think in the case of
Pakistan the administration has made a
really smart move and is going to
actually have a better chance of
achieving its goals than ever before in
the case okay
Palestine and Israel let's that's a much
more complicated issue let's tackle each
case on its own mr. Rogers about
Pakistan you know and everyone knows
that this absolutely know where the
Americans can move forward in
Afghanistan without having the
Pakistanis on board how can you a lien
ate them now and expect to get some
benefits or help from them in the near
future well keep a couple things in mind
we are not alienating them they are
alienating themselves through their
actions number one number two in July of
even a few years ago even the Obama
administration was addressing the
problem of the Taliban finding safe
haven in Pakistan so the president of
the United States Donald Trump inherited
this problem he didn't create it so this
has been an ongoing many many years
Pakistan knows that they've had to step
up and do more when it comes to
terrorism so until they're ready to come
to the table and develop and share with
us a strong strategy to rid of the
Taliban in their country what do you
expect the United States to do and by
the way you're you're the guest that
just spoke he's spot on there those are
direct cash payments how do we know that
all of that cash is going to where it
should be going there may be some doubts
and a lot of people's minds about that
so I I'll tell you what I believe that
through the president's actions as your
guest just said we're gonna see the
American resolve and the Pakistani
resolve strengthened and together they
will work down the road well right now
Pakistan has to step up and do more okay
mr. Sidney you you've acted before as
deputy US assistant secretary for
defense of Defense for Afghanistan and
Pakistan you know that the American
administration in the past
in the sixties in the 70s in 2001 after
the 9/11 attacks have went back to
Pakistan to build strong alliance with
the aim of achieving some strategic
goals in the region how would you
suddenly use the threats of cutting aid
to bring about a change well first of
all let me say Steve is right it's not
suddenly this has been a problem both
under the Obama administration under the
Bush administration if you'll recall
after 9/11 Pakistan was not ready to
support the United States against Al
Qaeda and there was a very tough
telephone call from the Deputy Secretary
of the United States to the then
President of Pakistan General Musharraf
where he basically told him you with us
or against us and at that time President
Musharraf said we'll be with you that
was resulted in a temporary change in
Pakistani policy where they did do a lot
on terrorism for the United States but
they never changed the fundamental
practice of using proxy terrorist
proxies such as the Taliban in
Afghanistan and le T against India those
proxy terrorist proxies that Pakistan
has continued to use throughout the last
20 plus years continue to erode
Pakistan's place in the world the rest
of the world doesn't trust Pakistan now
because of what they're doing
I mentioned former Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif's statement the other day where
he said the real thing that Pakistan
needs to do is look at itself self-exam
and what changes Pakistan needs to do
that to stop using this terrorist tool
against its neighbors and come into a
place where it can be respected by the
rest of the world instead of doubted the
United States for too long has been
giving this money to Pakistan without
getting the results and I fully support
what President Trump is doing okay mr.
Rogers now you say that the measure is
efficient and it will bring about a
change in the behavior of the Pakistanis
but just didn't ask you this question
the Trump administration has decided to
send troops to there are troops now
deployed in Afghanistan they would like
to bring about change to the situation
in Afghanistan but you know that the
only way to have the Taliban negotiate a
permanent political settlement to the
city
question in Afghanistan will definitely
have to go through the Pakistanis is
there any way the Americans and the
Pakistanis can sit together without the
use of the threat of cutting aid or
assistance to the to the situation look
I believe this move on the part of the
Trump administration is gonna bring
Pakistan to the table look you learn in
life that unfortunately in many ways
money talks if the stuff with the money
stop the flow of money stopping its
entrance into Becca Pakistan is gonna
bring them to the table and yes I
believe at one point they're gonna
realize that they are now being
negatively impacted severely without
that financial aid they'll come to the
table but then and let me take this
question to mr. Sedley what if the move
backfires and the Pakistanis decided to
ally with align themselves with the
Russians for example or with the Chinese
and saying you know what we can't trust
the Americans they've betrayed us many
times in the past let's look for
different alternative well on the issue
of terrorism both the Russians and the
Chinese interests are very closely
aligned with the u.s. the Taliban have
been aligned with movements in China
that have carried out terrorist attacks
and the Taliban have been aligned with
movements who have carried out terrorist
attacks in Russia so I don't think
you're gonna find Russia or China
supporting Pakistan if it makes the
choice to align itself more closely with
with the Taliban or with terrorists I
think you're going to see pressure from
everyone involved on Pakistan to change
its policies and really go after all of
the terrorist groups they're on
Pakistani soil not just the ones that
threaten Pakistan but the ones are
threatened Afghanistan and India as well
well you know the reason why I'm
bringing all these questions about about
this whole move by the u.s. by the US
address is basically also at the same
time I have this impression that this is
based a very simplistic approach of very
complex geopolitical order mr. waters
you say that no nations should take it
for granted that it has an entitlement
to the money of the taxpayers in the
niceties of America but at the same time
you're giving me the impression this is
a charity that we give to people aren't
you taking into consideration that some
of the aid is basically to defend some
of the tenets of the National Defense
and security of the United
like on his own well yes I would say
that to a degree however there's been a
sea change in this country
for eight years we took a back seat when
it came to world leadership no question
about that now we have a president who's
bold who's strong he's leading from the
front and he's made something very clear
and this is where world leaders have to
understand he's made it very clear that
America's interests are coming first not
only abroad but at home and if it's
gonna cost a lot of money to rebuild our
country our infrastructure and the
things that the president has committed
to the American people then that money's
going to be used for Americans first yes
a lot of money goes overseas and a lot
of countries are helping us they're
loyal to us has a lot to do at national
defense but in this case why are we
going to send money to a country that is
not really stepping up to the plate to
be part of the solution instead of part
of the problem yes but then again is the
'sydney I would like two ways now to go
back to the issue of a Palestinian issue
the Trump administration is asking the
Palestinians to negotiate a settlement
with the Israelis we don't know anything
about the details of that deal but you
suddenly decide that Jerusalem is the
capital of these rallies why would you
expect suddenly the entire community of
the region to move forward when they
reject the move on its own so why would
you follow up with sanctions or threats
of sanctions well I think Steve and I
are agreed on the issue of Pakistan I
think in Palestine we may have different
views
I think the Trump administration made a
major error by moving the Embassy of the
United States to Jerusalem without
getting anything back from Israel in
return that's a really a basic part of
leadership a basic part of making deals
that you don't give up something for
nothing and now that the administration
has made this decision
it has alienated the Pakistanis and
really hasn't gotten any progress from
Israel so I see a future ahead in that
area of a lot of confusion particularly
with the events going on in Iran the new
leadership in Saudi Arabia I think the
potential for greater conflict in that
area is much higher than the possibility
of peace talks and I think the Trump
administration will be scrambling to
catch up and
fix the mistakes that is made is it your
view mr. Walsh's with all due respect to
my colleague I believe it was a great
move it was a good move I believe we are
getting probably one of the most
important things that any country can
give us is the ability to share
intelligence and information against a
terrorism worldwide I don't see the
worldwide riots and the bloodshed like
we're seeing in Iran so I believe that
as each country begins to think about
this and we already saw it with some
countries they're gonna step up and move
their embassies to Israel who has been
America's real greatest ally in that
region but you're not telling me in
details why you consider this to be a
good move or a legitimate move do you
know what we're talking about here we're
talking about a US president that
abandons a long us tradition and steps
into a new territory that could
destabilize the whole region have you
been watching the news over the last few
weeks have you seen the reaction of the
millions of people across the Muslim
world you seem to be a little bit
disconnected I'm sorry to say this but
you seem to be a little bit disconnected
from reality well well well this is a
president who kept his promise and the
promises of just about every president
up to him that they would move or they'd
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel we have to think about not only
the world but this country the United
States of America we have a president
who made a promise he kept the promise
and that promise has been fulfilled and
and and look I really I have a lot of
hope
down the road I believe that all the
pundits and all these people that are
telling us the sky is falling none of
this is gonna happen people with cool
heads are gonna step up and say all
right what's done is done now let's sit
down and talk
there's too much III guess there's too
much speculation on the part of people
who are not really involved in these
complex issues so if everyone settles
down and thinks about working together I
believe that's where this president is
headed remember he's the great
negotiator he knows what he's doing and
what he's doing I think is gonna benefit
not only United States but the world
yes but missus sadly the issue here is
this
there is I mean there's a the on one
hand we are talking about the using the
the threat of withholding cash and a to
foreign nations but at the same time we
get this impression that if you're not
on board if you're not or our way then
there's absolutely no way we can help
you and you know that in politics this
is absolutely a very simplistic approach
where are these the interests of the
different nations speaking of the
Palestinians how can you convince the
Palestinians are best himself tomorrow
that in exchange for cash abandoned the
idea of East Jerusalem as part of the as
the capital of the Palestinian who is
going to accept this narrative or
rationale well first of all I want to
very fundamentally agree with my
colleague Steve that every intrat every
country's puts every country puts its
own interests first and that is what the
United States has done and will do the
problem is that sometimes our tactics
have not been have not been aligned with
our overall goals and unfortunately and
this is where I disagree with Steve I
don't think the move of the embassy to
Jerusalem was right I think the timing
was wrong the kind of intelligence other
cooperation we had already with Israel
we were going to continue to get when
you do something new you should get
something new and that's where I think
President Trump made the the error in
moving the embassy to Jerusalem when he
did it should have been in the context
of getting something bigger from the
Israelis well now that he's done that
he's scrambling to find a way to get the
peace talks that we're moving forward I
agree with Steve that there was the
prospect of those those peace talks have
now been held up and I think given the
overall situation in the Middle East
it's gonna be a long time before we see
any real progress on that and that's too
bad mm-hmm soldiers what if the
Pakistanis and the Palestinians decide
you know what we're sorry we cannot we
cannot move forward they you have your
own interests we also you have to
respect the fact that we have to pursue
our own national goals it's
understandable and I don't think that's
going to happen I believe that all of
these moves that this administration is
taking is going to bring everyone to the
table look the Palestinians want peace
the Israelis want peace everyone on
earth
peace we all know this one fundamental
common denominator in order to get there
we have to sit down and talk and I
believe President Trump is is is is
taking very bold moves and strategic
moves to finally get people to truly
talk because now without aid going there
they know they need our aid look they
know they need it despite what they say
that they can live without it we're
gonna sit down we're gonna have
discussions and I really have a lot of
hope you use our opportunity when I say
our opportunity oh the world took to
move forward you know mister borges are
just sorry to interrupt you here you
know what's my problem with the the
whole idea of they need our money you're
spending 1% of the of your budget Norway
Sweden spends more there are more
generous than the Americans and many
countries are more generous than the
Americans when it comes to foreign aid
so why would you suddenly believe that
30 billion dollars or the total foreign
aid that you spend worldwide is going to
bring nations to say yes sir it's not
their money that's what I'm trying to
tell you they're not entitled to it no
no because the reason why a lot of this
questioner is you've given me the
impression that suddenly because you're
cutting aid people would say sorry we
made a mistake give us your money
therefore we will answer your concerns
it doesn't seem to me okay well the
reality of life is in business and in
politics you know what money talks
we know that and we know that sometimes
when that's that flow of money is
stopping people are going to begin to
talk okay so strategic move it's a I
think it's a good bold when I got you up
are you gonna see peace down the road
and this is going to be my last question
for mr. Sethna mr. Sedley foreign aid
has been a key component for the u.s.
foreign policy from for for the last six
decades I was seeing here shift in the
u.s. way of using that tool to enforce
its goals in the region or the world I
think we've been seeing a shift in the
way the u.s. uses foreign aid actually
for about 30 years now as you pointed
out the percentage of GDP that the u.s.
gives in various kinds of foreign
assistance is much less than other
countries and that decreases actually
goes back about third
years its product of real the kind of
forces that I think Steve is describing
in the u.s. itself but again I'm going
back to the two specific situations I
want to stress how different they are in
the Palestinian case we're talking about
money that's going to third parties to
the world humanitarian humanitarian
assistance in the case of Pakistan we
were giving cash directly to the
Pakistani military I guess if that's
withholding that cash is much more
likely to have an immediate effect well
as opposed to holding back money that
goes to you and other agencies that
built in thanks sure that won't be seen
for ten five ten years so I really think
you should look at these situations sure
definitely definitely separate lenses
rather than together oh no no definitely
definitely I'm from a part I would like
also to thank you very very much indeed
David Sydney and Steven Rogers for the
time you took to answer my questions
thank you very sure that and thank you
too for watching you can see that
program again anytime by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside sorry for me - bada and the
whole team here bye for now
