hundreds of British hospitals are in the
grip of a winter crisis patient numbers
regularly surge during the colder months
but this year sickness levels have
soared to ease the pressure health
officials have bans doctors in England
from carrying out all non-emergency
surgery such as cataract or hip
replacement operations until the end of
January people have been told to only go
to hospital in a real emergency some
patients are waiting 12 hours to see a
doctor others are being treated in
corridors medical staff are also feeling
the strain on Twitter this doctor
apologized for third world conditions at
the hospital he worked in I shouldn't be
in tears every day at work
because of a lack of resources and lack
of capacity wrote this nurse an
estimated 55,000 procedures are expected
to be postponed in the coming weeks
NHS chiefs have defended the move is it
a planned response to a winter that we
knew was going to be difficult and we
are managing that in the way that we
expected and we're taking early action
we're not waiting to have to respond to
a problem the NHS is one of the UK's
most revered institutions offering free
health care to all UK residents but it's
under mounting strain so much so that
this time last year the Red Cross the
international aid group said that if
things didn't improve that it faced a
humanitarian crisis 12 months on and the
NHS is still struggling to cope many
doctors blame successive governments for
starving the service of funding all in a
gradual attempt they say to privatize
the public health service we've seen the
NHS over this decade undergoing the
biggest funding squeeze since it began
so over those seventy years and what
we've seen in this decade is
approximately forty billion pounds of
cuts by the time we get to 2020 and
that's simply unprecedented for the NHS
it's not surprising we're seeing the
kind of scenes that we are this winter
and last winter the government insists
the delay is a part of a well-planned
system and the cancer operations and
time-critical procedures will go ahead
as planned
but all many people can see is a
cherished service sinking deeper into
crisis Nev Parker al-jazeera
London
