Mexico's presidential elections are
heating up
led by leftist firebrand Andres Manuel
Lopez Obrador
he ran in and lost the past two
elections now Lopez Obrador is riding a
wave of public discontent to lead the
pack of candidates they named months we
haven't reached the possibility of
ending corruption we will stamp out
corruption oops young Ricardo Anaya from
the center-right National Action Party
calls himself the clean hands candidate
though he's owned division within his
party a sluggish economy could give
former finance minister and
pre-candidate Jose Antonio me the push
with the United States threatening to
pull out of the North American Free
Trade Agreement Meade says he has the
experience to find new export markets
and for the first time in Mexico's
history independent candidates have
joined the race but with surging
violence and corruption scandals
plaguing government officials gaining
public trust won't be easy I think all
the candidates are interested in
themselves and their political parties I
don't think any of them are in it for
the people I don't trust any of the
candidates
I only believe them when actual changes
start to happen analysts say that people
must be engaged and hold candidates to
account if they want this election to be
different I like less a political link
the political class loves it when
society doesn't trust then you separate
yourself and leave to the public space
but the government doesn't like is when
social media is buzzing with discussion
and debate never before have Mexicans
had such a variety of candidates to
choose from and with the July first
election quickly approaching many people
here are asking what impact a younger
more educated and more politicized
generation of voters could have
country's future David Mercer al-jazeera
in Mexico City
