for the poor life and one of Asia's mega
cities can be a grave situation in the
Philippines they are finding a home in
the most unlikely of places
public cemeteries this is where you
sleep with your grandsons on top of the
tomb yes
is there a mattress on top of the tomb
I I have my home you have like a farm
that you put on top do you ever get
worried about sleeping on top of the
tomb many residents in the capital
Manila are choosing to live in
graveyards to escape the densely
populated dangerous slums home sake now
if I have a choice nah too low and Sylla
nahin DC lady totem arigatou Inco para
one silicate on Tamara casi la Laguna
human lobotomy Lily Etna Toto logzilla
Unicode nella naka enosis amento pran
sillas ahead at germs they're not safe
here
I'm Steve Chow on this edition of one on
one East we meet the Filipinos who live
among the dead
at first glance this place looks like a
normal community shops are opening up
for the day people are getting ready for
work and kids are walking to school to
journey these siblings make two days a
week with their grandma but nothing is
normal about where they live or where
they're going these kids attend school
in the neighborhood term this place
in school we teach them how to read how
to write their learning next to attorney
yes they don't find that the tools they
were born here inside the cemetery they
are raised here
this school is exclusively for them so
that after a year when they are
impossible to speak they may already
this sprawling cemetery is the final
resting place of Filipino presidents and
celebrities
innit endless rows of tombs by the
bodies of more than a million of
manila's dead
the thousands of its living choose to
live here as well there are communities
just like this one all across the
Philippines the first thing you notice
that pasay city cemetery is the kids
it's a playground
a workplace in around 300 families
happily called this cemetery home
residents carry out their daily chores
while streams of grieving families pass
by to bury their loved ones
Celia Garcia has called a tomb home for
the past 10 years
Joel thanks for having me this is your
home yes seeing Celia's home is a
surprise Celia's house is spread across
three different grave sites which is
bigger than most others around here this
is my kitchen and this is my it's my
table and this is my my house where's
the sleep this is where you sleep with
your grandsons on top of the tomb yes is
there a mattress on top of the tomb I I
have my own home you have like a foam
that you put on top do you ever get
worried about sleeping on top of the
tomb
it was loved the brought Celia to the
cemetery her husband-to-be already lived
and worked here so she moved in when I
met him I was working there in outside
here in the cemetery as I know us you
may disturb the current area
sorry Storen there don't you see enemy
my husband was a caretaker of the office
that's why I'm here living he he brought
me
no alcohol little no-name I've been
living here isn't allowed but the
authorities turn a blind eye to the
residents and you've got a TV and how do
you get electricity in here it's jumper
Celia steals power but it's the only way
to get electricity it's not uncommon to
the residents to tap into the cemetery's
wires and to supply power to their homes
Celia buried her husband more than two
decades ago at a nearby cemetery now she
helped care for her family by earning a
small wage cleaning the graves she lives
off a common job for lots of people who
live here but for her and many others in
path a cemetery the future is always
uncertain commonplace in a bein may
another person is in a be enough of
Amina a listener maybe to myundo
Facility Location federal Indian economy
and urban Amin Alam homes an at-home
colonic amoeba
Alison Vito Cascio a in Dynamo Tara
hanumana bhai a to a Paris appetite but
for now daily life and death continues
hand in hand
the short distance from Sealy is home to
residents have just started work for the
day
ray and Ralph have been working on this
site in the mud for two days but this
isn't just a grave being dug it's an
eviction of a young girl not only can
the living be thrown out
so can the dead graves at this cemetery
have a five-year lease many families
can't afford to pay beyond that so the
bones are removed making way for a new
body
Filipinos favor burial / cremation some
locals tell me they believe it's like a
second death
assai is at capacity for burials so here
they recycle the graves
we'll get Jenny the bones will be placed
in a bag ready for the family to collect
sifting through the mud with their bare
hands an important part of their job is
to make sure to leave nothing behind
his hard work around as they did the
grave the cemetery children aren't
distracted from their game they show was
surprising maturity about death you get
scared watching things like that
just 30 minutes after the girls bones
are left the same grave is ready for
someone else
so why do people choose to live in
cemeteries for many families it's a
choice between life in the slums or life
in the cemetery
Islam is Tondo it's one of the most
densely populated places in the world
this slum is one of the oldest
communities in Manila people here mostly
make a living collecting garbage seeing
the conditions here you can understand
why some people choose to live amongst
the dead but it's not a choice the local
government is happy with the majority of
these cemeteries are owned by them I
take a trip back to pass a cemetery to
ask the local authorities how they feel
about the cemetery dwellers Christina's
office sits on top of the cemeteries
crematorium she works with a small team
who oversee more than 30,000 graves in
terms hindi na min ki young our pain you
300 families now come Kohanim corriente
and water from us we cannot do anything
about that you were not a hindi naman
sila keno incident a we don't like them
living here not because I own a means of
Anila khan hindi Paran gigging it's not
fair this is a cemetery Kristina can't
confirm if people like Celia will be
allowed to stay here but she believes a
life outside the cemetery would be the
best thing for everyone
Paul Sorvino if I have a choice na
- LuAnn sila nahin visa lady total Mira
ago venko para once led tanto mira que
se la laguna human lobotomy Lily Edna
Toto logzilla Yoli code nella gnosis
amento
Perrone siliceous ahead at germs they're
not safe here
despite the city's misgivings people
have been living in graveyards for
decades
Ricardo Medina has lived here for 50
years he shares his home with his third
wife resurrection he'd raised all of his
children in this ramshackle house wedged
between two apartment style tombs and
you live here with your children how
many children and all 18 live here with
you Ricardo leads me to a grave he
purchased for himself inside other bones
of his first wife you'll and up but
there's someone else flying in here
someone he should never have had to bury
so this is your son's grave and can you
tell me what happened to your son
I get across a debate normally that
organic uber and a couple Ricardo says
he doesn't know who killed his son or
why but his death bore all the hallmarks
of a vigilante killing as part of
president deter Tate's war on drugs fuck
up in your body language but I can
advise a moussaka to be selective I
speak again we're gonna move on in our
school
really they don't like me I couldn't
burn it
families here spent birthdays and
anniversaries with their dead often
staying for hours even days
that being rich or poor will determine
where your bones are laid to rest
in private cemeteries wealthy families
also stay close to their death but do it
in opulent luxury
here there are no squatters i'm heeda
made a sacral architect who designs more
Salim's
vila de leon yamaja in some form of
eating hamburger okay Elena
Meisner resting-place nila that's a
pocket under NASA I use human in the day
on your mamita but I'm not the guns are
below beneath and I think opinion
Michael Adriano designs mausoleums that
offer not only a resting-place but often
a kitchen toilet bedroom and
entertaining area for visiting family
here is my latest design a recent
project and this is what the final
product will look like
yeah yeah can we have a look in Turkey
Wow Joseph hey bro can you see the the
functionary of the family where there's
a small kitchenette here and barbecue
grill it's massive yeah having this is
bigger than my heart
thank you Marco's designs show how
comfortable Filipinos are with death in
some ways it makes sense why many aren't
disturbed by the idea of people living
amongst the dead after the such suggest
a man Ponte Ponte a Tau Kappa Gamma
theta Oh
mahira testimony given up in hibachi
insertional importante para in reality
no man Anthony no
jung-hoon Sanka company not a palpable
gentleness after you informed me dead or
rich family expected life in a cemetery
to be McCobb and sad but despite the
uncertainties here people have made a
warm welcoming community they make the
most of where life begins and where it
ends
as night falls I make my way to a home
famous for a Filipino pastime hi Daniel
please come to my house thank you how
are you daniel is 67 years old another
longtime resident like Ricardo he's
lived here since he was 12
this is your wife yes my wife Daniel
says he knew the people buried in his
home he buried them himself in talega
Union a naneun una Casa Bonita Connie
let a legato it's only philosophy and
psilocybin just happened the nirakara I
an omen magneri
welcome artists and consumer Co we go on
man tell Vito he's keeping the promise
to guard their graves in his own special
way
Oh
for
just like many others who live here
Daniel tells me he will one day be
buried in this Cemetery
he likes to think his spirit will keep
his family here company
thank you
