they set up tents wherever they can on
the side of roads in open fields Syrians
are still on the move trying to find a
safe place many have already been
displaced more than once these people
are from the northern Hama countryside
and from the villages along the
neighboring provincial borders of Eid
Lib areas that have become battlegrounds
we fled the bombardment and the air
strikes we can't go back because our
house was hit and it is now destroyed
they are targeting civilians and their
homes not the rebels the recent wave of
displacement coincides with winter
weather setting in making life even more
difficult near freezing temperatures are
common here and many fear they may have
to live out in the open for a long time
they have nothing to return to and some
of their villages have been recaptured
by government forces for many going back
is not an option we had to leave the
area because of air strikes we tried to
return to the village but it was
targeted again we hope that the regime
doesn't control the area the United
Nations says up to 60,000 people have
been displaced in recent weeks
it also says aid is scarce there are
already an estimated 200 thousand
displaced people in Eid Lib people who
fled from areas across the country
retaken by government forces
we've been displaced for the past 17
years running from one place to the
other it's horrible if God doesn't help
us no one can they'll kill us all even
the children the regime wants to control
every single area the violence is not
confined to areas close to the
frontlines villages across the province
are coming under fire
hospitals bakeries markets have all been
hit by airstrikes mid Lib fell under
rebel control in 2015 it is also
supposed to be a Russian guaranteed
de-escalation zone it is a heavily
populated province an estimated two
million people live there people fear
the presence of Hey Italia hm
a coalition dominated by Al nusra front
which declared its independence from al
Qaeda could be used as a pretext to
launch an all-out offensive the Russian
military did say the main goal is to
defeat that group in Syria in 2018
people are worried program enforces want
to storm and Lib rebels however believe
the military campaign aims to recapture
a military airport and lift the siege on
to loyalist towns in the province
whatever the objective the offensive
continues to cause much suffering
senator al jazeera Beirut
