for aamna chuckle d a mother of three
palestinian refugee children a routine
trip to the doctor was already riddled
with complications but after hearing the
US may decide to cut more than three
hundred million dollars of annual aid to
the United Nations Relief and Works
Agency for Palestinian refugees or UNRWA
as it is known she now worries a bad
situation may worsen it's getting more
difficult it's getting more complicated
and things aren't getting solved
everything is becoming more expensive
what was available before is not
nowadays on Wednesday residents of the
occupied West Bank woke up to the news
that US President Donald Trump may halt
aid payments worth hundreds of millions
of dollars to Palestinians if they're no
longer willing to talk peace 60 year old
model Aleph rule like so many other
Palestinian refugees here relies on this
UNRWA supported clinic in an ahmadi
refugee camp a health center that
depends on foreign aid it's hard because
of the difficult situation here our
conditions only allow us to go to this
clinic while UNRWA officials tell al
Jazeera they've not been informed by the
US administration of any changes in
funding to the agency the cuts could
have a devastating impact approximately
five million Palestinian refugees are
eligible for UNRWA services close to
800,000 of them live here in the West
Bank and another 1.3 million are in Gaza
condemnation from Palestinian officials
who insist they are still very much
committed to the peace process was Swift
many of them said Palestine was not for
sale we've lived for a long time without
American aid and we can survive without
American aid and if it really means that
there be more hunger and less ability to
serve I look at what the Gazans have
sustained because of this railey in
siege of Gaza but but people you know
are not willing to sell their homeland
for money now faced with the prospects
of a political solution growing dimmer
and humanitarian aid getting scarce ur
the only thing it seems Palestinians can
on is even more uncertainty muhammad
abdullah al jazeera Ramallah the
occupied West Bank
