hello welcome to a new year of the
stream alive on al-jazeera and YouTube
i'm femi okay now lab mate meets
driverless cars and robot caregivers all
once part of some sci-fi fantasy but the
future is here right now today on the
stream the story of human evolution is
one that is intimately tied to meat once
we started cooking meat then we could
get lots of energy and that energy
enabled us to have big brains and become
physically unattractive believe that
farming animals for food is damaging the
environment and a big contributor to
global warming but scientists might have
a solution to this environmental
challenge lab maid meet joining us from
the Netherlands to talk about this we
have mark post he's a professor of
physiology at Maastricht University and
the co-founder of masa meets one of
several companies learning to grow
cultured meat professor mark what a
fascinating job you have all right what
does it taste like it tastes like meat
because that's what it is it's just
growing in a different way
all right people going to be curious
about how this actually works so we've
got a little bit of video for Massa meat
so we can show them how do you grow in
vitro meat have a look
muscle tissue is a key component of the
meat we eat and it's first harvested in
a small and harmless procedure
next the tissue is cut into miniscule
pieces to separate the muscle fibers
himself the muscle tissue consists of
fat cells and muscle cells which are
separated to produce cultured beef by
dissecting the muscle cells individual
cells can be removed and cultured the
cells start dividing eventually from one
muscle cell more than one trillion cells
can be grown we asked our online
community would they eat lab-grown meat
here's some of the reaction I would not
eat lab-grown meat simply because it's
not even meat this is a way to die over
me Edie says as long as it tastes good
and medically approved harmless why not
I guess you wouldn't have to kill the
poor animals again and Judith says yes
if there are lots of cells identical to
one original muscle cell then it's just
more meat and these typical responses to
this very curious idea about being able
to cultivate meat and not have a live
animal to do it from yes they in fact
are so people understand what it is
which is a good thing they understand
that it's basically the same tissue it's
grown from lots of cells cells that have
that come from the animal that do
outside of the animal exactly the same
as inside of the animal divide and then
make meat tissue there are also concerns
about long term health and safety and
those are natural those are natural
concerns people have to understand that
it's exactly the same tissue so and that
obviously when this hits the market it
first has to be regulated by the FDA or
my you have here in Europe so that it's
absolutely safe so it's tissue but it's
tissue that's not grown in blood so it's
not really going to look great what kind
of imagining
well the hamburger that we made in 2013
was mostly yellow yeah that's not
because there was no blood but that's
because it lacked a certain protein
called myoglobin which is actually what
colors our muscle red it's not blood
it's it's myoglobin it's very similar to
blood very similar to the hemoglobin in
blood but it's made by muscle cells and
actually we now have a way to culture
our muscle cells under low oxygen
conditions so that they create that
myoglobin and then they look pink
alright so sorry says we need
sustainable scenarios to build
sustainable future tell us how this is
sustainable because one burger would
cost how much right now mark well right
now it's difficult to say if we scale up
production it would be about eleven
dollars which is still a lot but that's
with the current technology and that
eventually is going to improve to make
it cheaper the reason why meat is really
unsustainable that there are two reasons
one is it uses a lot of resources it's a
very expensive component of our food and
that's because cows are very very
inefficient in converting their food
into our animal protein and second
because they are ruminants cows they do
as you said earlier emit greenhouse
gases and are really very detrimental to
the environment this needs some kind of
imagination from members of the public
just to get our head around the idea
that our meal isn't coming from a a cow
or a fish or or a normal supply of meat
and there's a website bistro in Vito
calm is kind of an imaginary this is the
possibility of the future there's one
little section that caught my eye and
that's this one celebrity queues cubes
where you can eat a little bit of your
celebrity you can grow it from a tissue
so we could I don't know Jennifer
Aniston for instance what was she had to
give us to have a Jen astir Aniston
burger yeah I find have a little bit
difficult to accept because this would
basically be cannibalism and yes you
could do it but I don't think anybody is
waiting for this to happen so let's
let's stick with the regular animals
cows pigs
fish chicken and and look where that
gets us there is a factor involved in
this that makes people a little bit
queasy the idea of meat not coming from
its normal source but coming out of a
laboratory perhaps how do you address
that concern well there are a couple of
reasons why I think people are a little
bit queasy one as we touched upon is
safety so it we need to establish that
it's absolutely safe that's one thing
the next thing is that we want to have
the illusion of control over how our
food is being produced and this what if
you if you start a new technology people
immediately are going to imagine how
it's going to be implemented in society
and so they think of large factories in
low-wage countries somewhere far away
with with a very little control over how
our food is being produced however
that's not the technology itself you
could do this in small farms in a city
in a barn next to a very small farm that
you can visit on Sundays and see exactly
how your meat is being produced and
where it comes from so it all depends
how it sort of lands in society and then
of course there is a whole cultural sort
of connotation of meat with cowboy
movies and campfires and although that
romanticism around it and yes that's
difficult to replace admittedly all
right where do you think what year do
you think that in-vitro meat will be
available in your supermarket or your
restaurant how would you what would you
guess might be the day well together
with my other colleagues who are also
trying to commercialize this we think
that realistically in three years it
will be in restaurants at a relatively
high price and then it will take a
couple of years for it to reach the
price level so that we can get it into
the supermarket all right Malpass thank
you so much one more comment here that's
coming from YouTube very live right now
that's just squirrels slayer says if it
tastes okay and saves people from
starving then go for it
mark thank you very much appreciate it
thank you very much thanks being part of
the stream today we look forward to
seeing your product in the supermarket
one day thank you now aging it happens
to all of us
by the National Institutes of Health us
organization found the world older
population is growing at an
unprecedented rate today
8.5% of people around the world are 65
and over that percentage is projected to
jumped nearly 17 percent by 2050 and
with aging comes a decrease in mobility
and other health issues all of which can
mean a loss of Independence but could
technologies solve that problem joining
us to talk about this we have Alex mija
ladies he is a professor of biomedical
engineering at the University of Toronto
and also scientific director at age well
as a government funding organization
creating real-world solutions for
seniors and caregivers so professor Alex
what do you think is the most important
part of what you're doing right now
when you've been trying it out and
testing it on the older population your
test subjects what are they loving right
now that you can tell us about I think
you know the most important that they're
loved right now is the the possibility
of remaining independent in their own
homes and communities for as long as
possible and that's really kind of the
end goal here it doesn't matter you know
whether we're testing a low-tech device
or a high-tech device ultimately it's
not support that we're trying to provide
to our seniors and also the support to
their families who are at their wit's
end trying to provide care often perhaps
across the country and the technology
really is providing an opportunity for
them to provide this care and to support
their loved ones as much as possible so
professor we had a series of tweets from
Tommy and Tommy Jun BM has Alzheimer's
and he says he told us too many things
developed and then it is expected that
people living with disabilities will
adapt to the technology not the other
way around expecting the person living
with dementia to adapt without listening
to their views that can affect how keen
they are to use a technology how are you
approaching this how are you getting
people with the disabilities with the
aging issues how are you getting them
right there at the beginning yeah this
is a critical aspect of why many past
technologies have failed to really
provide that support so what we're doing
in age well with our researchers and our
students and our partners is really
teaching them how to engage seniors and
caregivers right at the get-go and not
really looking at seniors and these
individuals as you know kind of have
that token older person as part of your
project but really making them an equal
part of the research and development
team that's been a real critical aspect
of our network which has result in some
really fascinating technologies moving
towards the marketplace you have a home
lab I've got a little bit of a picture
of your home lab a little bit of video
can you explain what we're seeing when
we put it up on the screen I'm gonna do
it right now and we can see what we've
got there in the home lap what are we
looking at here yeah so this is our home
lab here in Toronto based on Toronto
rehab Institute and this is essentially
a fully simulated house so it allows us
to develop and to test our technologies
in as much as a realistic environment as
possible and what you saw there was one
technology that's being developed we're
using sensors that are built into that
sofa we're actually able to get a live
ECG from that individual and therefore
get his heart rate and other
physiological parameters without the
person having to remember to put the
device on having to figure out how to
push the buttons or having to understand
exactly how the technology works they
can go about their daily business
through daily activities and we can
collect those types of information
Victor Wong here on Twitter says
overlooked populations eg ethnic
minorities deserve focus from
technologists and culturally adapted
approaches to healthcare engagement so
that's a good point absolutely and
that's a critical aspect that we're
trying to look at and we're trying to
address you know not just different
cultures but you know the population
that we currently have here for example
in Canada we have a wide variety of
various types of minorities language
spoken but in addition we also have our
indigenous communities we have our
northern communities as well that we're
looking at and see how can technology
play a role to connect them with
healthcare services but also to help
them remain in their own community as
long as possible as well I know people
trying to imagine what kind of work
you're doing and there is a little video
from age well of a gentleman making a
cup of tea now we've blanked out his
face for his privacy but I'm just going
to show people the sort of things that
you're working on have a look at this
on that
try pressing the switch to boil the
water
what's going on there professor Alex yes
that's a that's a key project within our
networking here in Toronto looking at
the role of robots in the home how can
we use robots to provide support in care
to older adults who may have dementia or
Alzheimer's disease for example so that
video you saw there was actually an
individual with Alzheimer's so that's a
real client that we work with and the
robot there is providing the prompts
that are required to complete basic
activities of daily living whether it's
making a cup of tea brushing your teeth
getting dressed or using the toilet and
you know the point of these robots are
not to replace the caregiver it's not to
replace the family supporter or contact
but to provide the support when the
family cannot be there to provide the
support perhaps during those private and
embarrassing activities like using the
washroom where we've heard from many
older adults with dementia and their
families that it's just such a difficult
situation to be in so if technology can
alleviate some of that that's what we're
really after here professor Alex we're
talking about the future and what the
future can bring us in terms of
technology talking about a INEX
artificial intelligence sit tight
because we've got a video comment from
will Bailey in the United Kingdom who is
also working to help older people live
independent lives here are his thoughts
on using tech to help people outside the
home independent living doesn't just
rely on innovations at home lacking the
confidence to travel can cause isolation
so while the world of assistive
technology is moving fast we're still
missing innovation which assists
independent travel for the elderly and
those with dementia data is the key if
we use data to better understand
vulnerable travelers we can provide
highly personalized information to
remove the unknown from the stress of
traveling we're working with the NHS in
the UK on a travel assistance platform
which identifies real-world stress
points in any journey and monitors the
journey itself to provide real-time
Wi-Fi and joining our discussion on AI
another Alex Alex Oliver he's a
technology leader futurist
and co-author of the driver in the
driverless car good to have you here
Alex - Alex since that's going to be a
challenge I could do some AI just to
help me out here so Alex Rai in everyday
life that we may not be aware of what
would you say what would you what would
you mention
well there's just going to be many many
pieces that are rolling out in the next
year even that you know that will change
our life dramatically in the u.s. we're
about to enter an era of driverless cars
and those are essentially powered by AI
by machine learning by AI systems that
have learned how to drive learned all of
the risks of the road and now can
operate autonomously the way humans used
to operate or the way humans still do
operate and I want to add also that this
is a technology that will probably
benefit the elderly as well because it
will significantly augment their
capabilities for mobility and getting
around you know other types of AI that I
think we'll start to see much more in
the very near term and we're already
seeing is in things like media for
example The Washington Post last year
wrote 850 articles that were generated
by an artificial intelligence system a
certain types of research around very
structured data so for example sports
box stores scores or election results or
corporate results okay I can write that
and convey that information very easily
and turn that into an article or even
potentially a video I also believe that
in the coming year we're going to see a
lot more AI that will assist us in our
finances sure so we're already seeing
bots that will advise us when we've
spent too much or will warn us if
something funny is happening in our
accounts and again that is also
something that could help the aging
tremendously because they're very often
a target of fraud so some sort of system
that warns when something untoward is
happening and maybe tells their loved
ones it could have a dramatic impact in
helping people who are older avoid fraud
and avoid getting ripped off professor
Alex is there anything you want to ask
Alex about may I that may well help you
do your work yeah you know I think they
have same thing that we all need to
consider you know right from the experts
in AI like Alex to those who are
applying it within the aging population
like an aged well is you know really
understanding you know what when is the
right time for AI to be applied you know
when do we need devices and systems that
truly are you know intelligent and can
be adaptable versus you know when is it
enough just to use a very simple
device that may not use any AI
whatsoever so I think that's a key thing
that we've always been struggling with
the other aspect as well is you know
some of his thoughts around you know
feed the ethics in social cost of using
AOL Instant and he brought driverless
cars as an important one and and while I
agree the driverless cars you know can
have a very strong impact on older
adults or many ethical and social issues
we need to understand so for example you
know maybe seniors call a taxi service
or a driving service because they
require assistance from the driver to
get in and out of the car or to
transport their bags into the trunk of
the car into their home well if a car
shows up without any driver in it what's
going to happen in those situations so
these are all things that nobody needs
to really consider moving forward Alex
good questions Alex the ethics do you
ever think about that are you just
thinking about the science the ethics
are a tremendous component of this yeah
because I mean really when we're taking
care of our loved ones who are older
it's a question of you know are we
giving them some of our logs when we're
spending time with them as as humans and
at the same time as a society it's
pretty clear that we have refused to put
an economic value on that time I mean in
the u.s. at least caregivers are wildly
underpaid there's a shortage of them
it's dirty dangerous work high injury
rates so at least in terms of looking at
the market the verdict is in that you
know it may be the ethical path would be
much more human interaction with people
as they age but it's just not happening
so we need to think really hard about
how we can give people who are aging
what they need you know to survive and
thrive and I think that professor Alex's
point it's actually going to be a
spectrum of things which we'll see you
know some may be full AI and robotics
some may be some of those services we're
seeing now where there's actually a
human being that is interacting with an
elderly person by a tablet and they may
be working remotely and watching what's
happening not every minute but when
there's activity or if they hear a noise
or if they get a question so I think it
will see a pretty wide spectrum but at
the very core of it I think that AI will
start to challenge our ideas of what is
human
what is AI and how the two merge I mean
in some ways AI can be better ethically
than humans
I mean imagine for example the My Lai
massacre where if that had been robots
and we had said don't shoot women or
children pull stop then probably that
wouldn't happen so it's just a really
new one that's also quite terrifying the
idea of robots in war being deciding who
they're going to kill and who they're
not going to kill but bringing up that
scary point here's Joshua on Twitter
Joshua says I wonder if there's any
measure finding out how much AI could
benefit society and how much it could
damage society if built or used
incorrectly it's a fabulous question I
don't think there's any real measure I
think that looking at how much fear AI
has instilled in some of the very smart
people including Elon Musk
Stephen Hawking's Bill Gates all of them
are afraid of superhuman AI an AI that's
much smarter than us and what impact
that could have also think that to
Professor Alex's point it can erode the
little bits and interactions which make
us human and make life rich and work
living so I think it's something we have
to look at very very clearly and when
lines wide open at the same time it's
important to understand
we've been existing with a lot with AI
for quite a while yeah when you get a
credit report or a mortgage there's an
AI system algorithmic in the background
that's analyzing you when you surf the
internet and ads are served to you
there's AI interacting with you so I
mean to a large degree we're already in
that world it's more just it's not as
surfaced and in our interfaces as it's
going to be in the future alright and it
just brings Sophia into the conversation
Sophia is the first robot to have gained
citizenship in Saudi Arabia she was
developed by Dave Hansen of handsome
robotics and here she is on the chat
show the Jimmy Fallon chat show in the
US have a look at her work Jimmy would
you like to play a game of
rock-paper-scissors robot style sure
okay let's get this game going show me
your hand to start Rock Paper Scissors
shoot
I won this is a good beginning of my
plan to dominate the human race just
kidding yeah you are incredible it's so
nice to meet you Sofia
Thank You Jimmy friendly on Facebook
engaging guests bit down professor Alex
I'm just wondering what what the role of
robots like Sofia might be in caretaking
in caregiving for the elderly yeah I
think robots are going to play a
significant role in providing support
and care and in ongoing stimulation to
older adults moving forward however you
know research has shown though that we
do not need robots that sophisticated
looking and you know having a robot may
just be as simple as having a screen on
tops on top of a moving base may just be
enough and even when we talk to older
adults who have even quite moderate or
severe Alzheimer disease they all
realize what they're dealing with they
all realize they're interacting with
some kind of machine and so China hide
that fact by making these robots look
more and more human and act more and
more human may actually not be the
answer or the way forward and even
having these types of more sophisticated
robots are quite cost prohibitive as we
all know as well so you know something
like that we just saw in that clip I
don't see playing a role anytime soon in
the home of an older adult but a simple
robot
I can see happen in the next several
years I've got a little bit of cynicism
here from the YouTube audience that
never happens miss a satyr says I heard
this story thirty years ago Alex
what makes this technology feasible ai
has been oversold over the years in the
last few moments of this show what would
you say to push back so first of all
here correct this technology has been
oversold
on the other hand the last 10 years have
seen dramatic improvements in key facets
of AI around voice recognition speech
recognition conversational capabilities
things that are really crucial to
interacting with people who are elderly
and that will make it a much better
experience today than it was or it could
have been 10 to 15
20 years ago there's a confluence of
things that have brought that about a
lot more data to Train artificial
intelligence systems much cheaper
systems better connectivity we didn't
have tablets that could connect
wirelessly anywhere on the world in the
past so I think that the professor I'll
push back professor and Alex we're right
the end of the show I've got one more
comment here from Beebe online he says
impressive the future is indeed now
thank you to all of our guests and if
you have thoughts or ideas for other
shows on futurism be sure to tweet us or
chat us on YouTube and Facebook until
the next time I see you online
take care everybody
professor Alex and
