far from the frontlines and the ports
it's a life of increasing challenges for
so many Yemenis bound by a feeling that
they've been forgotten
well our life is miserable with the war
raging for years I lost my job too we
cannot afford a daily meal if we have a
meal we're not sure if we're going to
have the next one
Hassan salem says his family
circumstances are unraveling in a way he
never thought possible a lost job then a
lost home and now uncertainty over how
much worse things could get I mean yeah
yeah we are left with nothing only God
is our rock the nearby who died deport
is no longer a source of employment or
humanitarian aid since November the
saudi-led coalition has either blocked
or limited access to ports of entry in
Yemen citing security concerns the
Coalition claims to have reopened the
port on December 20th we are in the
first week of January in the Coalition
is still misleading the public
fabricating excuses to continue seeding
and starving the Yemeni people the
interruption in the flow of aid is
adding to what is already described as
the world's worst humanitarian crisis
I'm at the top UN reiterated that even
if today the port is operating at
maximum capacity it would not be enough
to meet the needs of the Yemeni people
so you can imagine how dire the
situation is Salem and his family say
they used to be able to rely on some
assistance from relief agencies but no
more like so many Yemenis they are left
to cope on their own Natasha can al
Jazeera
