volunteer doctors setting sail their
mission is to win support from an
embedded in de jeunesse community long
afflicted by Columbia's conflict a peace
deal sign with park rebels last year
means it's now easier and safer for the
Navy to bring assistance to poor remote
areas through civic military brigades
people here are less hostile to military
forces now that they have increased
their hold and presence they're starting
to look up to the Colombian state and
I'm proud we are able to contribute to
peace it is a classic hearts minds
campaign in a territory where people's
allegiances have long been wobbly and
where state presence has been synonymous
with military force the government's
clear guidelines are to take advantage
of the fact that these armed actors are
not interfering in these territories
anymore so the state seeks to enter with
all its capacity and avoid further
institutional gaps that might be filled
by new criminal groups but in villages
like papaya those gaps remain wide
filling them will require time and
resources our health post is not enough
for all the villages on the river and
they attend only people with health
cards we'd love if the brigades could
come twice a year most kids here have
rarely seen a toothbrush let alone a
dentist it takes three to hold this
patient down while he has his tooth
pulled out his mother says bringing him
to a doctor ten hours down river was
never an option efforts to improve the
delivery of health services major
logistical problems persist last year 16
percent of Colombia's rural population
had to forego medical care because of
distances to services over the course of
the day hundreds are taken care of
22-year old student Stephanie heiresses
says it's worth giving up her weekends I
just like how I feel when people think
when I can contribute to those without
the opportunity or the money to get to a
doctor love for my they got on the South
civil military brigades will hardly be a
long time fix for chronically poor
health care but may by the state
sometime as it tries to pacify these
restless areas for good alessandro
amputee al jazeera choco
