this is the only official means of
communication between North Korea and
South Korea but for almost two years the
North Koreans have refused to answer the
phone until Wednesday when they placed a
call to the south Kim jong-un has given
an order to reopen the hotline between
the north and the south to contact South
Korea regarding a right time for talks
and sending a delegation to the
Pyeongchang Winter Olympics the decision
was welcomed in Seoul a day after the
government there proposed high-level
talks amid a tense standoff over North
Korea's missile and nuclear programs but
the US government wasn't impressed we
won't take any of the talks seriously if
they don't do something to ban all
nuclear weapons in North Korea we
consider this to be a very reckless
regime we don't think we need a band-aid
and we don't think we need to smile and
take a picture we think that we need to
have them stop nuclear weapons and they
need to stop it now
in his New Year's speech Kim jong-un
warned the u.s. he had a nuclear button
on his desk that prompted Donald Trump
to continue his apparent mockery of a
president he's nicknamed little rocket
man in a tweet the u.s. president wrote
I too have a nuclear button but it's a
much bigger and more powerful one than
his and my button works North Korea has
been punished with unprecedented
sanctions by the UN over its weapons
programs
the US has warned of more measures if
Pyongyang conducts another missile test
Burnett Smith al-jazeera
