art-lovers examining the work of a
legend a new Michelangelo exhibit at the
Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York
brings together one of the largest
collections of the lesser-known works of
the man considered one of the most
influential figures of Western art
there's this piece called the torment of
st. Anthony believed to be
Michelangelo's first painting it was
completed in 1487 when he was only 12 or
13 years old but it's the original
pencil on paper works that are the real
draw when he draws he is forceful he is
expressive he's a marble sculptor so he
uses the chalk especially with great
force on the paper almost carving on the
paper as if it were marble although he
considered himself primarily a sculptor
Michelangelo was also called the divine
draftsman and designer at this exhibit
there are a hundred and thirty three of
his drawings many of which almost never
go on public display because they are so
rare and fragile four hundred and fifty
years after his death his drawings are
often an overlooked part of the artist's
work it took the Metropolitan Museum of
Art eight years to collect all of the
Michelangelo pieces that are on display
here they mostly come from over 50
different art institutions and private
collections such as those from Queen
Elizabeth and even the Vatican an
exhibition of this magnitude and
importance is a global activity and the
Met has the resources the commitment the
scholarship to do it and it's part of
our mission it's part of our
responsibility to serve the world in
that way and a chance for visitors to
look closely at the drawings and the
sketchbooks of one of the world's
greatest artists to get a better sense
where his ideas originated gay Bros Ando
al Jazeera New York
