their imagination and the skeleton of a
motorbike is all these children have
they live in ho Dada one of Yemen's most
impoverished regions then import
dependent and cash starved countries
been under a saudi-led blockade since
Yusuf's not sure what the new year will
bring all his family has is a hot
cobbled together with straw and wood
nothing is getting better
everything is deteriorating back in the
days we used to feed our kids now I
can't provide them with anything all I
want is rice milk the basics just food
for my kids the biggest challenge for
2018 will be to provide aid to the 21
million Yemenis in need of urgent
assistance the situation here has been
described as the worst humanitarian
crisis which has resulted in the world's
largest cholera outbreak with close to a
million suspected cases the UN says
unless the embargo to provide medicine
in aid is lifted the crisis could get
even worse they're blocking medical
staff and supplies we don't have
anything that's enough we don't have the
basics to take care of our patients let
alone the needs of those who need urgent
and specialized care the humanitarian
crisis is directly linked to the war the
saudi-led coalition was asked by Yemen's
elected government to take back control
from Houthi rebels no side has been able
to claim a decisive victory the
saudi-backed forces haven't been able to
move closer to the capital sana from
central thighs and the border incursions
and attempted missile strikes by the
Houthis haven't won them any ground
either the recent death of deposed
President Ali Abdullah Saleh has
dampened hopes of a diplomatic
breakthrough for God's sake the Saudis
need to stop a bombing Yemen and end
this war we are displaced we are
starving
we are cold and we are hungry
hundreds of thousands of internally
displaced people are living in desperate
conditions but despite the suffering
some haven't lost faith in a peaceful
settlement we hope that in 2018 we will
be able to overcome all the difficulties
we suffered in 2017 we hope the Yemeni
family will be stronger and that we can
find practical solutions to our economic
social and political problems many
children have seen nothing but war in
the last three years Yemeni civilians
can only pray this year the fighting
will come to an end
sama bin Javed al-jazeera
