whenever that general election comes
we're ready we're ready to campaign for
victory we're ready for government
Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell
outlining how Labor's economic policies
will transform the economy but while the
Pat hall enjoyed his pitch much of the
talk elsewhere was about something
entirely different
brexit the idea of a new referendum is
popular among labor members but would it
include the option to stay in the
European Union on Tuesday these people
will be voting on a text that took many
hours of hard negotiations to agree on
it says that if the party fails to force
an early general election it will keep
hoping the option of backing a so called
people's vote but what that means
exactly depends on who you ask early on
Monday all the talk was at a clear
breakthrough opening up the possibility
of a brexit deal being blocked by a
majority in parliament and then put to
another referendum and then the
population is a whole throwing it out
you can then say look the Tory
government has spent two and a half
years on this absolutely wasting
everyone's time it's now not on the
table here's a manifesto to fix all the
problems that brexit never fixed but in
a radio interview John McDonald's seemed
to suggest any second referendum could
only be on the deal itself in other
words the terms are brexit and not on
staying in the EU and some observers see
a certain wisdom in labour making a snap
election it's priority what happens if
there's another referendum and for
instance we vote 52 48 to remain on a
smaller turnout than in 2016 that would
hardly settle the question so I think
for the moment they were perfectly happy
to let the government you in the brexit
mess it sad to say we would do this
better and to leave it as vague as up
for now the conference vote is almost
certain to back the new brexit policy
but whether it can keep everyone on
board from labor of Mainers to labour
levers is hard to tell Nadine barber al
Jazeera Liverpool
