this mother's in Matagorda spirit for
news of their teenage daughters who were
kidnapped by Boko Haram almost three
years ago the attackers also killed men
in their village in Northeast Nigeria
Salameh to Ibrahim stones Jarabe was 17
years old only God knows where she is
I've been praying to him to bring her
back or keep her safe maybe you can help
us find her several other girls from
this area have returned home after
fleeing their Boko Haram captors which
gives this mother's hope thousands of
people mostly women and children have
been abducted by Boko Haram those who've
managed to escape like Xena here say
they were forced to become wild signup
how was life with Boko Haram we suffered
a lot my husband beat me but I made good
friendships with other women who had
also been abducted and how did you
manage to escape one day my husband left
in a hurry he didn't tell me where he
was going
then I heard Nigerian soldiers were
coming so I just started walking in 2014
more than 200 girls were kidnapped from
their secondary school in chibok some
escaped others were released after
negotiations between the government and
Boko Haram more than a hundred girls
remain prisoners the Catholic Church is
taking care of girls who risk being
kidnapped if they return home anybody
that has had any close contact with a
Boko Haram and stayed with them for a
month or two months or more when they
come back to the community the suspicion
is still there at least that these
people really back to be incorporated in
the community or are they back are spies
men and boys are also in danger many
have been taken and forced to fight for
Boko Haram when they escaped they have
to face tough military screening to make
sure they're not active members of the
group the screening process needs to be
more transparent people need to know
what happened once you surrender
yourself to the military and if you are
innocent
like most of the people are then what's
gonna happen to you whether what what is
the process you're gonna go through
because once they know that's they're
gonna be able to come back more back in
Madigan synapse says she was seven
months pregnant when she returned now
she just wants to take care of her child
and prays often for the imprisoned women
she forged relationships with back in
the forest
Kathryn soy al Jazeera but a galley
Northeast Nigeria
