deep in these rugged hills and plunging
valleys a new age of gold has dawned and
modern-day prospectors are on the March
in search of the glint of glittering
gold they're still gold in them thar
hills there's a lot of gold out here
members of the Delta gold diggers Club
are panning and pounding hammering and
digging sluicing and sloshing in
ice-cold California streams in years
past the gold was hidden beneath tons of
gravel built up in the stream beds but
furious rain storms and floods earlier
this year changed that virtually
overnight the rain scoured these canyons
and made gold easier to find you had to
work for an hour or so before to just
get down to the bedrock like start
moving that bedrock around breaking
apart and getting the grout the dirt
that has sunk in over thousands of years
and get the gold that's in those cracks
hours of work shifting boulders earned
Mike steel a golden reward worth about
$20 this is the heart of the historic
California Gold Rush country the
discovery of gold here in 1848 set off
an unprecedented global mass movement of
people sailboats steamships and
horse-drawn wagons brought 300 thousand
gold crazy migrants from the eastern US
Europe and from as far away as China and
Chile the surge of gold stimulated
economic growth around the world but the
influx of miners devastated Native
American tribes in the region Gary
Taylor understands what brought the
hoards to California nearly 170 years
ago don't you get that Gold Fever if you
find some then this kind of that way
yeah then it keeps you going you find a
little bit and think okay let's come
back and you'll find some more Jay
Randall struck gold not much it's true
there's a little tiny speck and that's
how exactly what we're looking for but
he's perfectly happy anyway I just like
to get out and yeah see if you can find
something Kathleen borby hasn't found
any gold but she's have
fun I getting out in the forest and
digging around in the dirt you know kind
of like making mud pies
Gold Fever still alive and well in the
California hills rob reynolds al jazeera
near columbia California
