in modern times this is the home of the
how to baleen football team but to
others it's the Olympic Stadium from the
1936 games of the many buildings that
were thrown up during the 1930s and 40s
this is one of the best-preserved the
pride and joy of the Nazi regime it
offered Hitler an opportunity to show
the world what he considered to be the
wonder of his racist ideology one that
had grandiose building plans but which
modern Architects say was doomed to fail
resin never succeeded and if you wanted
if you want to try to build racism it
cannot succeed as well it's impossible
the idea is so stupid so the
architecture was very oft very stupid as
well but it's not just sporting venues
that have survived Germany's transition
from dictatorship to democracy the
modern Federal Finance Ministry building
occupies space that was once home to
Nazi Germany's Air Force or Luftwaffe
professor young husband is the curator
of the Berlin State monuments office he
explained that after World War two
Germans felt it important not blindly to
destroy everything that the Nazis had
created when did flour Vanneman do you
think it by a day I believe if you were
to destroy remove the buildings erase
them one would deprive society of the
option to encounter their own history we
have to understand the past we also must
criticize the past we need to do better
and do not want to repeat it
Tempelhof Airport predated Hitler's
coming to power but was revamped and a
National Socialism to have a
larger-than-life effect on passengers
who used it its post-war usage saw it
gain world attention as a key venue for
essential goods during the Berlin
Airlift of the late 1940s now it is used
as a temporary home for people who have
come to Germany fleeing war zones in
recent times architects have tended to
agree that of the buildings that
survived World War two it is the Olympic
Stadium that is the most remembered the
flame which lit up this architectural
wonder of a stadium is long dead
is the regime which built this entire
stadium but democratic Germany believes
that there is a place in society for
some of the Nazi era architecture
particularly as a warning from history
of the dark past
Dominic Kane al-jazeera at the Olympic
Stadium in Berlin
