a social media blackout didn't stop
protesters from gathering on Iran's
streets for a fourth day and posting
these videos the Iranian government says
people have the right to express their
discontent but violence is unacceptable
the Iranian state media says some social
media sites and messaging apps such as
telegram have been blocked to keep the
peace on Saturday there were also
pro-government rallies we cannot predict
the time when the protests will come to
an end but the protests will shake the
people in power who must give priority
to people's demands and needs the state
of the economy and rising prices sparked
the initial protests austerity measures
after years of sanctions have led to a
12 percent unemployment rate but anger
has also shifted to foreign policy
protestors are critical of the
government's support for the Syrian
regime of Bashar al-assad Hezbollah in
Lebanon and Hamas in the occupied
Palestinian territory the Iranian
government says foreign entities are
fomenting violent and deadly clashes
among the dead two people one a boy hit
by a fire truck in what's been described
as an accident authorities say it was
stolen and abandoned in that give you
heart through investigations we came to
know there is a clear role played by the
foreign intelligence agencies and the
government opposition in these killings
the police never opened fire on the
protesters in Washington DC outside the
White House people called for the
removal of president Hassan rouhani
president Donald Trump tweeted that
people are quote getting wise to how
their money and wealth is being stolen
and squandered on terrorism
rouhani fired back oh oh you can't lose
that on this man who today in America
wants to simplify our people has
forgotten but a few months ago he called
the nation of Iran
these are the largest protests in almost
a decade
although sunday's protests were smaller
than the previous night there are calls
for people to continue with the
demonstrations
Natacha guy named al jazeera
