well let's get more understand by Ali
Abunimah the co-founder of the
Electronic Intifada online news service
and he's joining us from Chicago on
skype very good to have you with us as
always so they have adopted this
resolution what next for it with the
Knesset with the Israeli government
well happy New Year to you first of all
and yeah I think the details of what the
Knesset does or what the liquid party
does is not what's important here I
think what is important here is the
signal this sense to the rest of the
world that this Israeli government in
fact this Israeli political regime and
what I mean by that is is the whole
spectrum of political parties in Israel
is not interested in is not willing is
not capable of ending the occupation of
liberating Palestinians this is a
political regime across the board all
the parties in Netanyahu's government
that are determined to deepen the
colonization and occupation of the
Palestinians so the real signal from
this vote is to the rest of the world
but if you want peace if you want an end
to the occupation you have to put real
pressure on Israel and mr. Albin EEMA
you know we were speaking just recently
after that resolution at the UN General
Assembly condemning the u.s. moved to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
and you were very hopeful then that that
would be a sort of watershed moment in
the international community and yet we
have the liquid party doing what what
it's doing now and there was a lot of
mention of US President Donald Trump and
his support for this Israeli government
during the liquid party conference so
just how much of that determination that
you speak of by this Israeli government
is emboldened by this US president and
what can what can the international
community and Palestinians actually do
now what is the recourse here well what
I said after the Jerusalem vote as much
as I say now I thought the Jerusalem
was a very important signal but that if
things stopped at words and resolutions
then nothing would change and this what
the Likud voted for precisely
underscores my point is that resolutions
have to be followed up by actions by
sanctions by making Israel pay a price
for 50 years of military occupation the
West Bank in Gaza Strip 20:18 we're just
starting now is this going to be another
year of hand wringing and empty
statements about a two-state solution
from the so-called international
community or are they going to impose a
cost on Israel for its continued
international outlaw status and
violations that's the question I think
if governments continue to drag their
feet what we're going to see in 2018 is
a real escalation and growth of the
boycott divestment and sanctions
movement and Israel being treated more
and more like a pariah state as South
Africa was a generation ago that's the
way this is going and Israel is sending
the signal clearly with this vote by the
Likud Party but it's interested in
entrenching apartheid and occupation
Israel is not interested in peace mr.
ebony ma it is great as always to get
your thoughts we thank you very much for
your time I'm and a happy New Year to
you too Ali Abunimah joining us live
from Chicago thank you
