one of the first places on the planet to
welcome the new here new zealand
followed by Australia and a spectacular
fireworks display over Sydney Harbour
Bridge the rainbow colors celebrating
the legalization of gay marriage in the
country next Japan where revelers in
Tokyo gathered to released hundreds of
white helium balloons each one
containing a wish or a prayer for the
new year in South Korea people filled
the streets near seoul's city hall to
celebrate 2018 and half an hour later
neighboring North Korea which has
inflamed the international community
with a number of missile tests this year
had its own fireworks display and
Victoria Harbour in Hong Kong was a
blaze of light when the clock struck
midnight
Dubai which normally hosts one of the
largest fireworks displays in the world
opted for an elaborate light and laser
show instead
across Europe hundreds of thousands of
people gathered in Berlin Paris and
London to celebrate the arrival of 2018
but amid the joyful celebrations a
serious but hopeful message of peace and
unity delivered by the United Nations I
Michigan alert a red alert for our
world's conflicts have deepened and new
dangers have emerged global anxieties
about nuclear weapons are the highest
since the Cold War and climate change is
moving faster than we are inequalities
are growing and we see Rafik violations
of human rights
I urge readers everywhere to make this
new year's resolution narrow the gaps
bridge the divides rebuild trust by
bringing people together around common
goals unity is the path it's an
ambitious request but if there's one
thing the New Year always brings it's
the hope for something better
Catherine stencil al-jazeera
