a wreath-laying ceremony for soldiers
killed during a rebel siege is an army
training camp in indian-administered
Kashmir the attack took place and we
were all full alert and it was because
of our alertness that we were able to
confine them to a particular building
the operation started and the evacuation
was done and we have already killed two
terrorists earlier on Sunday soldiers
tried to flush out the rebels extra
police were sent to seal off the camp
while the siege unfolded the sound of
grenades and automatic gunfire an
indication that the rebels had no
intention of surrendering rebels stormed
the camp on Saturday night the local
police chief says he was already aware
an attack was imminent probably right
these villagers who live near the camp
shout Pro rebel slogans for decades
indian-administered Kashmir has been at
the center of a Muslim separatist
movement against Hindu dominated Indian
rule separatist groups are fighting for
the indian-administered portion of
Kashmir to either become independent or
merge with Pakistan the killing of a
prominent rebel commander last year
provoked widespread protests and there's
no sign the latest siege will do
anything to ease the tension Victoria
Gaytan be al-jazeera
