this is probably the most dangerous city
you've never heard of according to the
FBI's Uniform Crime Report last year
Rockford Illinois is the most violent US
city with a population under 200,000
blocked for block more perilous than Los
Angeles or Chicago
so this Midwestern town has launched the
most extreme form of community policing
in America Rockford has officers like
Eric Thurman moving into high crime
neighborhoods I can't dance
forging ties with a community that is
often viewed them with suspicion guys
having a good day normally if there's a
shooting in the neighborhood everyone's
outside but we go talk to people to
interview them it's an accident what
happened no one saw anything or no one
heard anything but no rather me being
here they know who I am they're
comfortable talking with me you know
there's a shooting right here everyone
would come to my door that would come
talk to me and they would tell me
exactly what they saw Thurmond and
Patrice Turner are Rockford's first two
resident officers community policing is
more about building relationships with
the people that you police it's more
about building bridges instead of
busting heads the city's police chief
expects to add more resident officers in
the next year with standard policing an
officer gets the call gets in his car
and drives to the scene but a resident
officer like Officer Thurman merely
crosses the street and knocks on the
door of a neighbor who probably already
knows the program is less than a year
old but is part of a broader strategy it
appears to be working in 2015 Rockford
police solved two of 19 murders in 2017
so far they've solved 9 of 18 and could
soon see charges in three more cases we
need to have alternate strategies not
only in Rockford but I think nationwide
and this has worked it yes gonna change
people's lives
is that cool critics say a troubled
history between police and
african-americans will make that
difficult I think that it's basically
going to end up with a police presence
in communities that I don't think are
ready to accept the police as positive
forces but in a turbulent city with a
long history of ill-will toward police
Eric Thurman says it's a beginning Jon
Hendren al Jazeera Rockford Illinois
