it's a harsh winter in northern Asia and
for many Tuareg here the sting of cold
weather is compounded by poverty after
years of drought and war in the region
these former masters of the Sahara have
been reduced to a state of limbo midway
between their previous life as livestock
helpers and a total destitution many
suffer now our country has turned into a
barren desert our livestock can no
longer survive without plants and grass
in addition we cannot live in or work in
towns Brahmin used to live as a nomad
roaming with his livestock in search of
pasture and water now he lives in a
makeshift shelter as miserable as the
most basic refugee camp there is no
running water here no medical center no
schools no study supply of food and
other necessities I used to own large
herds of livestock all my cattle died
and I was forced to move to town since I
came I do not know what to do
I have no profession my children are
without work - we are living on
donations and aid from agencies our
biggest mistake is that we did not go to
school we now found that we cannot work
or find a job without education we are
harmed by illiteracy more than the
drought our life is meaningless now
other Tuareg who settled here years ago
still live in humble mud homes in
villages that lack the most basic
amenities frustrated with the government
and dejected by poverty some have formed
associations to mobilize everyone to
work they've planted vegetable gardens
and trees around the village expecting
relief agencies for the government to
provide support but the barren soil and
severe climate blender their efforts
almost useless the Tuareg of Nigeria
have long ended the rebellion against
the central government but the peace
that ensued hasn't brought them
prosperity Mohamed father
you
