as anti-government protests escalated on
Saturday night
the first fatalities attributed to the
unrest were reported two people were
killed in the city of darude the
provincial governor denied security
forces were involved during the clash
that took two lives no bullets were shot
from police and security forces at the
people the gathering was meant to end
peacefully but due to the presence of
the agitators unfortunately this
happened and resulted in the deaths of
two protesters the protests in various
cities began on Thursday
thousands demonstrating against rising
food prices and benefit cuts but their
anger soon turned political they chanted
not Gaza not Lebanon my life for Iran
don't be afraid we are staying strong
together an expression of anger about
claims the government is focusing more
on regional issues than economic
problems at home on Sunday the Islamic
Revolutionary Guard Corps warned of what
was described as an iron fist
if demonstrations continue the
Revolutionary Guards commander said the
protests have degenerated into people
chanting political slogans and burning
public property Iranian TV showed a
display of strength by crowds of
pro-government supporters in cities
nationwide tens of thousands of people
on the streets chanting death to America
down with Israel in support of Iran's
supreme leader Ali Khamenei people have
protested against inflation and other
problems but that does not show that our
people have turned on each other or are
against the ruling system and their
leadership Saturday's pro-government
rallies were a pre-planned to mark the
anniversary of the end of the unrest in
2009 these were huge displays of support
for the Iranian leadership but
government leaders will be concerned
just how quickly an anti-government
protest about food prices quickly became
political Peter sharp al Jazeera
