after almost seven years of war in Syria
a routine sound in a suburb of Damascus
airstrikes have continued in the rebel
controlled suburb of Goethe close to
400,000 deceits Syrians here have been
bombed for years there's a - to search
for survivors debris is carefully
removed before movement - spotted under
the rubble
this oriented and scared children
stumbled through the mangled metal and
wreckage and kids make up the highest
number of the dead and injured in
serious
besides Vata shelling in air strikes
have also continued in the countryside
of western Syria these families have
been forced to leave their homes because
of the ongoing push by Syrian government
forces to regain control of more areas
bordering Hama and Idlib provinces oh my
god look at the kids when the planes hit
near the children my god how they scream
the biggest push for us was our kids
they don't know anything but the sound
of airplanes and shelling a life of
exhaustion and terror
rebels are trying to stop the steadily
advancing Syrian army and they're
forming a united front called the
National Army it's made up of 37
factions from Aleppo there are Homs
huhta and Hama but it's not the first
time that a similar group has been
announced and questions remain about how
scattered militias will be brought under
a united chain of command and how will
they be funded the government and a
National Army puts servants and guards
for the country and our families on all
Syrian lands we call on you to be united
and to agree on the national project to
support your sons here who have
announced an open war on all the enemies
calendars show a new year but the change
of dates doesn't mean much for Syrians
who have lived through almost seven
years of suffering some urban Javad
elders air
