after decades of economic stagnation
high unemployment and a shortage of cash
people hope things will get better in
2018 Robert Mugabe resigned in November
after the military intervened Emma Simon
and Jaguar is the new president until
elections are held while they wait for
an election date to be announced they
are registering to vote many here say
they hope no matter who wins it will be
a new beginning for Zimbabwe I want to
see a country which is full of
opportunities because you know I'm in
college right now I'm studying and the
reason why I'm studying is because I
want to work yeah so if I could complete
my studies and then there's no work for
me to do then what is that in the past
elections have been marred by
allegations of vote rigging and violence
opposition leaders say the military and
war veterans help to keep Robert Mugabe
in power for 37 years the new commander
of the defense forces says things will
not be different and that the army will
respect whatever Zimbabweans decide at
the polls as we prepare for the
elections in 2018 it is our wish that
the campaigning and the voting itself on
the day takes place in an environment of
peace and tranquility opposition
alliance members say despite Morgan
sundries health concerns he is their
presidential candidate Shangri has
cancer now that Mugabe is gone they say
they are confident about next year we
are only considering we don't only
believe that will form the next
government we know it an Aussie we are
going to be the next government this is
why they are panicking a credible voters
role could help avoid another disputed
election Zimbabwe is compiling a new
voters role it will replace the old
Emanuel register opposition party say is
inaccurate and has dead people's names
on it the Electoral Commission says the
plans to register nearly 7 million
people before elections in 2018 as the
barbarians prepare for those crucial
elections they hope they'll be credible
and violence-free
the international community has said if
things go smoothly at the polls there
will be eager to invest to help ease the
crippling cash crisis that could mean
desperately needed jobs
people waiting in line are under the age
of 40 many unemployed but they say for
the first time in a long while
there is hope then maybe 2018 is going
to be a good year higher Matassa al
jazeera hari
