Jorge Reyes and his wife Oddie's have
lived by the ocean for nearly 60 years
long enough to notice that something is
changing especially when they look
towards the key in front of them 40 or
even 30 years ago during low tide you
could walk over to the key over there
and you wouldn't get wet
it was totally dry now the tide is never
lower than this it's all because of
climate change
my daughter grew up here we didn't have
this wall and I would lower her down
there to play on the rocks because it
was dry in Hyman ITA's a coastal town
near Havana everyone notices that the
water level is rising on this low-lying
Island it's hard to believe but I'm
actually walking on top of what was a
swimming pool some 40 years ago removed
about 30 meters away from a beach that
no longer exists it's yet another
undeniable example of how the ocean is
eating away at much of Cuba's coastline
a report prepared by the ministry of
science technology and environment warns
that by 2050 coastal levels will have
risen 27 centimeters and by the end of
the century it will be up by 85
centimeters causing the island to shrink
significantly
scientists argue the climate change is
also provoking more frequent and
stronger hurricanes flooding and at the
same time for long periods of drought
inland the climate experts who prepared
the report tell us a major action plan
is being implemented to confront this
new reality I being the same Brad Cora
we are applying new practices like
planting corals to increase and
reproduce coral reefs and more mangroves
which are key barriers for protecting
the coastline and we need to adopt new
construction practices in the Caribbean
we have experience building on stilts
the list is long but scientists
conceived that inevitably many people
have no other choice but to leave their
homes and move inland sea and human
aljazeera
hi many does Cuba
