a team of Poland's best climbers is in
Pakistan ready to take on k2 in winter
it's one of the last great feats lifts
in mountaineering we all have been under
supervision of coach we had dietician we
had doctor
so we know it all the medical exams also
all the exams to check how fit we are
and what we can improve k2 is the second
highest mountain in the world but it
beats Mount Everest in danger and
difficulty only 306 people have reached
its peak compared to 4,000 on Mount
Everest it's notorious for
hurricane-strength winds it's steep
slopes and I see a cent for every four
people that summit k2 one dies the team
has been preparing for two years and
will spend up to three months on the
mountain prepping the route before
making their ascent
they will lay out ropes and store
supplies of food and fuel then wait for
a break in the weather
Kim is quite big quite very strong and
quite big because I think it is very
difficult mountain we have to play for
good weather the litski was the first to
climb Mount Everest during winter nearly
40 years ago he's one of five people to
have climbed all of the world's highest
peaks three teams have tried to climb k2
in the winter before no one has been
successful we are prepared for more than
60 days 65 days to be there and I hope
we'll be able to stay so long time in
the mountain during the winter because
is not easy the team expects to
establish a base camp in early January
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
