for the third day in a row they are out
on the streets fighting with police went
on into the night anti-government
protesters most of them students facing
up to riot police outside Tehran
University but what began as a protest
about rising food prices and welfare
benefit cuts turned political on
Saturday earlier in the day they chanted
not Gaza not Lebanon my life for Iran
don't be afraid we're staying strong
together an expression of anger about
claims the government is focusing more
on regional issues than economic
problems at home Iranian TV showed a
display of strength by crowds of
pro-government supporters in cities
nationwide tens of thousands of people
on the streets chanting death to America
down with Israel in support Iran's
supreme leader Ali Khamenei people have
protested against inflation other
problems but that does not show that our
people have turned on each other or are
against the ruling system and their
leadership the pro-government rallies
were pre-planned to mark the anniversary
at the end of the unrest that shook the
country in 2009 unrest in Iran prompted
several tweets from the US president on
Saturday warning oppressive regimes
cannot endure forever many reports of
peaceful protests by Iranian citizens
fed up with the regime's corruption and
its squandering of the nation's wealth
to fund terrorism abroad the Iranian
government should respect their people's
rights including rights to express
themselves the world is watching for
some time now there's been some
disparate groups who've been protesting
whether it was savers who have lost
their savings through these corrupt
financial institutions where those
pensioners who's no longer gained their
pensions or I have to live on reduced
pensions it's people who worried about
the environment it's women there's all
these groups and they've been protesting
on protesting and you could see that
their slogans and they're becoming more
radical you could see that the
atmosphere is getting tenser and tenser
and most of all what you could see is
that
they no longer seemed to have that fear
from the security forces there at the
end of their tether while this was a
huge display of support for the Iranian
leadership the government will be
concerned at just how quickly a protest
about food prices could become political
betta show up al Jazeera
