the common Gaston in Northwest Syria is
deceptive the scenic village has
witnessed fierce fighting and now it's
destroyed homes are unable to provide
relief during the harsh winter Abu
Bassam says he couldn't handle the
conditions in the camps for the
displaced and has decided to return
despite the risks
he's now content with the limited
supplies he can get in his own village
Jana they are we've come back after four
years in displacement camps home sweet
home nothing on earth compares to our
lovely village we came back restored our
house which was in ruins we also started
to grow some wheat barley and more
almost every Syrian seems to have lost
something
however some also shares that loss as
many of his friends and neighbors are
gone but his family is thankful for what
they have and what they salvaged the
northwestern part of Hama province is
close to the coastal stronghold of the
Assad government rebel fighters were
pushed out after months of fighting but
a calm has prevailed since the attacks
declined as part of a de-escalation deal
the bitter cold keeps most people
indoors locals say around 600 families
have returned to costume and it isn't
easy to resume their lives there's no
electricity the village lacks basic
services like sewage and even schools
most of the residents found their homes
in ruin but they returned to bring life
back to normal elsewhere in Hama
province aerial and ground attacks have
continued the government and its allies
deny the rebels accusations of violating
the de-escalation deal this is the
moment fighters say they shot down a
military aircraft in Hama
activists say Assad's forces have
continued their push on the border
between hammer and in the provinces
rebel groups have rejected the talks and
Saatchi proposed by Russia after the
Geneva process failed to achieve a path
to peace and as temperatures drop
further in the seventh winter of Syria's
conflict so do the hopes of finding a
solution sama bin Javed nazara
