they call this bleeding the tree for a
substance the world is addicted to now
at the center of a global trade war its
latex in its purest form found in tires
phones toothbrushes satellites or
mattresses it is an essential element in
daily life and so deep in the Ivorian
forest olivia dopo goes from tree to
tree scouring them for the precious
liquid my sin is enmity it's a craft
passed on from generations it's an art
form that keeps us fed and brings us a
regular wage
unlike cocoa or coffee natural rubber is
collected all year round
planters sell it to factories that pay
them a monthly fixed wage but prices
have been slashed by almost half since
the beginning of the year Trump is
imposing 200 billion dollars in tariffs
on China the world's largest
manufacturer of rubber goods
China in response imposes tariffs on
synthetic rubber the West produces while
in the short term this is bad for
African producers in the long run some
hope the continent could benefit from
this trade war tomorrow our turn will
come we have the land better yet the
labor and the know-how to unfortunate
eventually the world will come to us to
get the araba and will manufacture its
Irie Coast is Africa's biggest producer
research is underway to develop more
efficient seedlings to produce more and
better quality rubber natural rubber has
been around for hundreds of years and
yet scientists know so little about this
it's in its purest form it's stretchy
and strong and no one yet has been able
to reproduce it researchers here are
trying to protect natural rubber
plantations because the world appetites
for this substance continues to grow the
quality of synthetic rubber does not
match what is found in nature scientists
are genetically modifying seedlings to
make them resistant to disease
discovered deep in the Amazon forest and
planted across Africa and Asia by
colonizers it was nicknamed The Devil's
milk because it fueled conflict and
destruction unaware of the global trade
war and despite falling prices at Oppo
calls rubber white gold at least for now
Nicholas Hawk al-jazeera Cano Ivory
Coast
