Faria and her relatives can't hide their
joy they will finally return to their
hometown one of tewara after being away
for six years some of these children
were born here in this camp in Tripoli
yet they are holding on to their parents
dream we are so happy that we will
finally go home
we just need to settle down and live in
peace now we've had enough troubles
we're sick and tired of the
interrogation Bhanu BIA says she has had
a terrible experience
her son was accused of fighting for
former leader Muammar Gaddafi in 2011
and was later arrested by rebels from
the city of Misrata we just need our
safety to be guaranteed we need a
neutral official Brigade to secure our
hometown to orga we don't want Misrata
to police to orga because it used to be
our adversary around 450 families live
in this camp they don't have proper
health care or sanitation so life here
is tough it is even tougher for disabled
people like Omar Mubarak he remembers
how spacious and comfortable his old
house back home was it has been so
difficult for us living here in all
levels the place we live in
hygiene education and security on many
occasions gangs and armed men attacked
us and stole our belongings around
$4,000 families have been scattered in
camps all over Libya since September
2011 most of them are in Benghazi and
the capital Tripoli for the past six
years several attempts have failed to
bring the people of Tunisia back to
their hometown that's largely because
those in Misrata have accused them of
killing people who supported the
uprising against him a Marga Davi and
they have demanded that in order for
them to return the government must
compensate the families of the victims
during the fall of Gaddafi's regime
hundreds of torogai men were
captured while fighting against the
rebels as a major supporter of Gaddafi
tewara was used as a military base for
his forces to attack Misrata later
around 40,000 people were forced out of
tewara as collective punishment since
then tewara has become a ghost town the
Tripoli based government of national
Accord has agreed to provide
compensation to victims on both sides
for Phaedra and Vinoba they say it feels
like they will be set free after six
years of imprisonment they can't wait to
go back home in February until then they
are counting down days Mohammad Abdu
ahead Al Jazeera Tripoli
