they're determining when these women
became nurses this was not part of the
job description video of them dancing at
a hospital talent show was posted on
social media prompting a national
conversation about something not often
openly discussed in South Korea the
treatment of women in the workplace
these nurses didn't want their
identities revealed fearing
repercussions at work for the talent
show we were forced to dance we had to
wear indecent clothes and perform sexy
dances on stage and we were embarrassed
she says hospital officials sat in the
front row judging the performances and
that refusing to participate wasn't an
option unless she could find a colleague
to take her place in South Korea because
of the Confucian tradition of respecting
seniors it's difficult to say no to
superiors this type of power abuse has
become normal
lawyer Leonie says sexual harassment is
a problem for South Koreans of all
professions especially when junior
employees are expected to drink with
their bosses after hours communal
identity a year-end party is a common
occasion for sexual harassment people
expect women to pour drinks for men or
for young and pretty women to sit next
to older male bosses drunk male bosses
hug us and hold our hands during these
company occasions but we can't say
anything because they're our bosses in
the most recent government survey the
majority of those who say they
experienced sexual harassment took no
action among the reasons given were that
they thought it would make no difference
and that they would be disadvantaged at
work the government announced plans to
impose harsher penalties for sexual
harassment in November after a young
employee at the country's biggest
furniture company handsome accused
colleagues of raping and sexually
assaulting her the employment and labor
ministry found the company failed to
investigate the claims and find handsome
about $5,000
as for the talent show a hospital
spokesperson said it is planning to
reform the dress code and is considering
getting rid of it completely Kathy Novak
al Jazeera Soul
