mohamad miranda is a professor at tehran
university joins us now from the capital
Tehran good to have you with us why have
people been protesting over the past few
days thank you
well there are economic difficulties in
the country the Iranian people after the
jcpoa many of them had expectations that
the economic situation would improve but
as we saw both Obama and Trump they
repeatedly violated the jcpoa by passing
new laws such as the Iran sanctions act
under Obama the visa restrictions laws
and also under trump the presidential
decrees restricting visas and also the
more recent sanctions on Iran so the
Treasury and other arms of the US
government both under Obama and Trump
have basically weakened the jcpoa
extensity meantime he's to saying in a
run small protests against economic
conditions but what's interesting about
these is that they'd spread to numerous
cities they've been picked up by social
media outlets there's some sort of
movement that appears to be going on or
is that not the case it's difficult to
say because on the one hand the economic
situation is something that exists
across the board but of course I think
Iranians while they're upset with
mismanagement but they also recognize
that the administration is being
prevented from doing a lot of what it's
trying to do because of the United
States and its allies and the sanctions
that I mentioned and of course social
media makes things much more easy so
people are have information but also
there is a fact that has to keep me kept
in mind and that while some people have
been protesting economic problems we do
see a very distinct effort on behalf of
foreign governments for example BBC
Persian which is belong to the British
government the VOA which is owned by
the United States government and media
outlets that are directly or indirectly
funded by the West their show they are
showing an effort to expand the
protester okay trying to intensify them
to you know in order to politicize them
government is because we do see the
government coming out and recognizing
that these protests are about more than
the economy economics of the country
we're hearing anti-government slogans
death to rouhani forget Palestine no to
Gaza no to Lebanon you know variety of
driving iran's Foreign Policy's I mean
how concerned is the government about
this well the protesters although as you
rightly pointed out are not large in
number but even you have to keep in mind
that these protesters are not all
chanting the same slogans some of them
have been chanting anti-government
slogans or slogans against Iranian
foreign policy but when you look at the
clips you see that in some cases there's
unity in the slogans and in other cases
when there are radical Proteas then you
see a lot of the crowd not repeating
their slogans so it's it's not so simple
but there is a concerted effort I think
on behalf of the Western Western media
outlets and and I think this is
something you have to keep in mind that
in Iran every once in a whenever there
is any sign of discontent you will
always have the mayor think tanks in the
Western media saying that the regime is
about to implode and the regime is
unpopular and the and we've been hearing
that for 35 39 years now I do take your
point because it is quite interesting
it's just how quickly the Trump
administration has been jumping on these
protests warning the government not to
react with a heavy hand
yes it is ironic especially Trump being
such a divisive figure inside the United
States and the protests and the counter
protests in the United States and and in
Charlottesville we had a person killed
and on the other hand we see that the
United States is supporting Saudi Arabia
and the destruction of Yemen in mass
genocide through starvation we see the
United States both under Obama and Trump
supporting extremist groups in Syria
it's not really for the United States to
talk about human rights when it comes to
Iran Mahmoud mirandy good to speak to
you there in Tehran thanks very much for
joining us
