thousands of people have gathered at
Liaquat bar to show their support for
the Palestinian cause the Palestinian
ambassador to Pakistan has also been
invited to address a large crowd that
has come from all four corners of the
country all Pakistani people from all
walks of life have strongly rejected
Trump's decision of Jerusalem as their
capital Pakistan is the only country in
the Muslim world who has officially
condemned and rejected this decision and
brought resolution in their Parliament
against this irresponsible act across
the Islamic world and Pakistan is no
exception
many leaders from the Pakistan Defense
Council including homicide the leader of
the Jamaat or Dawa are talking to their
supporters metalmouth dispose of you do
yoga to make Jerusalem Israel's capital
we cannot tolerate this at any cost we
are trying to awake all the Muslim
community and to reunite them and we
want to send a strong message to trump
that Muslims won't accept it in any
shape against the American moves to move
the embassy to Jerusalem being a Muslim
it's my duty our Muslim nation is
together and we want to give you a
strong lesson that we are together and
we are giving you feedback you must tell
you the scene
the people have said that Jerusalem is
the capital of Palestine the leaders are
saying that their people should be ready
to sacrifice even their lives for making
short as Jerusalem remains
undisputed capital of a free Palestine
so indeed as you can see a large
gathering by far the strongest gathering
so far on this particular issue
