Russia we hold presidential elections
emerged Vladimir Putin has announced his
running for fourth term in office but
will he face any viable opposition this
is inside story
welcome to the program I'm Hoshi
mahabhava he's been in power for nearly
20 years a dominant figure in Russia's
post-soviet political scene Vladimir
Putin now says he's running for a full
term in office as an independent
candidate backed by the ruling United
Russia party and his power and influence
appeared to only get stronger making it
difficult for any opposition candidate
to make progress
Putin has served as either prime
minister or president since 1999 and if
he wins the election in March
it would mean he would have spent 24
years as leader by the end of his term
the former KGB agent is the
longest-serving leader since Joseph
Stalin he's had to deal with four u.s.
presidents four British Prime Minister's
and two German Chancellor's and while
opinion polls are up for debate
they suggest Putin remains a popular
figure his approval rating hasn't
dropped below 80% since 2014 with
Vladimir Putin's brain likely to
continue is there really any opposition
in Russia and why has it been so
ineffective in challenging him let's
take a look at some of the opposition
leaders perhaps the most well-known is
Alexei Navalny his bench campaigning
against put in all year but he's now
been barred from the race over suspended
prison sentence he says was fabricated
navona is calling for a nationwide
boycott of next year's vote former TV
personality zhenya sub shark has been
clear to run she's been critical of
Kremlin policies in the past but has
steered clear of attacking the president
but some have questioned her appearance
in the campaign her father was a former
mentor of Vladimir Putin and Pavel Groot
Ihnen has been nominated as the
candidate for the Communist Party he is
largely unknown on the political scene
having run farms on the outskirts of
Moscow his nomination is seen as the
party trying to widen its appeal to
everyday voters
let's bring in our guests in Moscow
Sergei strokin columnist for the
politics and business newspaper
Kommersant in London Underwood Britain's
former ambassador to Russia and joining
us on skype from outside moscow
alexander Soloviev chairman of open
russia a movement that is dedicated to
democracy and human rights thank you
gentleman for joining us let me start by
asking you this question mr. strokin
Alexei Navalny has been prosecuted by
the government in 2013 we tried this
year barred from running for the
elections is the establishment in Russia
afraid of Navalny obviously the issue of
Alexei Navalny and his non participation
in the election is one of the hot button
issues of the current presidential race
which is in full swing let me start by
saying that President Putin himself
dribble deliberately avoids any
mentioning of the name of Alexei Navalny
and probably this is a hint that Moscow
is trying somehow to scale down the
problem of ardent critic of Kremlin who
is shown that he has guts to crush the
Kremlin wall how how he puts it so it
seems that while now while his non
participation is obviously affect still
it is not clear to what extent it will
bring the selection since no Anik has
already called for his ardent supporters
to exercise a sort of a public
disobedience vote is strike and I think
that to some extent probably he would
succeed in a sense that we will see some
some outbursts of this consent however
let us not exaggerate the the the issue
since he is not yet that popular leader
who is able to do something similar what
was done by by Boris Yeltsin when he was
climbing the tank and became and
skyrocketed from from former Soviet
apparatchik to to the head of the
Russians mr. woody so with Navalny this
is not yet the case but so
you served as an ambassador to to Russia
you know the general perception in the
international community about elections
free speech and smooth transition to
democracy in Russia do you think that
barring someone like Alexei Navalny in
this election is definitely going to
undermine the chances of having free
fair elections in Russia I think
certainly yes though I agree with much
of what the previous speaker just said I
don't doubt that
Navalny would have got in some pretty
sharp hits on the level of corruption
and it's also true that he has quite a
wide following throughout the country on
the other hand there's a widespread
apathy about this election and I think
Putin's problem is presenting himself as
a reinvigorated figure as a person with
a new program and I think he's going to
find that very very difficult indeed
without that it's also important to
remember that this is at least according
to the constitution Putin's last
possible term by the time he reaches the
end of the in 2024 he would be I think
it's 72 he would have to wait for
another six years for another president
to occupy the seat before he could have
another go and I think it's just not
practical missus all of you your
movement oppa Russia has expressed
initially backing for nirvani now that
he's been barred what are the options
for you and for the Russian opposition
in general well according to the
official position of the movement
actually we say that if you have another
well alternative candidate Democratic
candidate you may support him but
actually these elections are not
elections because these are not well
elections in the in the whole meaning of
this word I mean this is been invented
the whole the whole spectacular has been
in vain invented just to not even to
reelect Putin president but to say that
he's again president and he decided that
you know so we do not think that these
elections are going to be legit
or something but still we say that were
it's a good platform in order to say
which we have to use this platform
platform to spread the information about
the disastrous situation in Russian
elections and if it's needed to well if
you need to spread this information you
may use some different candidates in
order to help them tend to spread this
let's let's see who's who in this
election particularly the opposition
misses strokin now the Communists now
are opting for Pavel glutenin instead of
Gennady Zyuganov for has been a fixture
in past elections do you think that the
Communists are not trying to reinvent
themselves and reach out to a bigger
base actually that's 1 million dollar
question and peril Grady naeun is one of
the enigmas of this election we got too
used to the fact that normally when when
we have to go to four elections the
Communist Party is represented by
political heavyweight its leader and
veteran of Russian politics gennady's
you gotta let me just remind our
audience that in 1996 he narrowly missed
the election - Boris Yeltsin and some
are saying that actually it was Gennady
Zyuganov who who was elected not Boris
Yeltsin but the election was rigged but
after this one campaign after another
probably a communist got to
understanding that there's no way for
Gennady Zyuganov to to win so they're
trying to reinvent themselves and
quarreled reunion as self-made not
politician but he he's the head of the
collective farm which is quite
successful and he's running as
independent so independent and Communist
Party agreed to support him and so
probably this is this is an attempt to
to reinvent the communist idea but let
me add to that that this is not only a
phenomenon of spiraled regime President
Putin for the first time is also going
for this election not as representative
of United Russia pro-putin party but as
a self-appointed candidate
so that's that's a tendency when I write
a didn't candidates are trying to stay
away from lead leading parties mr Wood
along with with the the communist there
is seniya Sobchak
socialite media star there's also the
ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky
are these people likely to make about a
change or are they just more of went to
dressing in a political landscape where
ultimately the result is known it's
definitely going to be Vladimir Putin
I don't doubt it's going to be the me
Putin and in fact this is not yeah I
don't think he's ever run under a party
label but plainly United Russia is the
party which specifically supports him
the others are essentially straw
candidates Ksenia Sobchak might say some
interesting things but I think in
practice the only people who might have
said interesting things
Navalny and possibly a velinski who
speaks interest in me but nobody listens
so no it's not it's not it's not a true
election it's not contested these
elections are a good platform for the
opposition and for their candidates to
say things to rally out support but then
there's this argument which says that
the presence of any candidate in such
contested elections just gives more
legitimacy to Vladimir Putin and that
people should have abstained you have
said no we should boycott the elections
well you know the problem is that when
you call people to boycott elections
most of the people usually assess that
as a passive boycott and you cannot
detect them I mean they just stay home
and don't go to vote and keep sitting on
their sofas that's why if you do call
people for boycotting this elections you
should call them to do something you
know kind of an active boycott so it is
the question to discuss which ways we
can use for this active but but actually
helping differing candidates does not
necessarily mean that you help Putin to
legitimize these elections actually when
you have access to the to the audience
you may say you may specifically
underline that this is not legitimate
election
and we take part in it just to make just
to make it possible to say this words
because otherwise we don't have this
opportunity because we don't have any
access to the mass media when there's no
elections so we just use these elections
as a as a source as a tool and by the
way some of the candidates also say that
for instance you liens can subtract and
well Nevada is ways as well says that
that these elections are actually been
not not fair from the very beginning
this are not elections to be precise mhm
mrs. stroker what is the opposition's
biggest problem in Russia is it it does
is not able to bring about a very strong
candidate or its agenda is a little bit
disconnected from the real concern
concerns of the Russian people well let
us be friend
crushes opposition is in a bad shape of
course we can argue what what is the
reason for that but at the moment we
don't have a candidate who K who can
actually challenge President Putin even
Alexei in a garden of Navalny with all
his guts as I said he can rely on an
obscure group of his ardent supporters
and he can hardly enjoy a vast the
popular support as far as extraneous of
Chuck is concerned
I personally don't consider her
candidate at all I think she is an
imitation or opposition candidate and
for me probably the moment of truth is
is a moment when she says when she
admits acknowledges that she is not
running to to win the election but to
she says that her mission is just to
send a signal to people to which will
come as a wake-up call for the audience
so I am asking myself if the person is
participation
he possesses participate in in election
if it is contestant not to win the
election can I call the person a
candidate so I would never vote for such
a candidate who is running for some
other and some are even saying that
she's Kremlin project to distract the
voters from Alexei Navalny so all in all
it seems that Russian opposition when it
comes to the 2018 was not able to come
up to the strong leader
and coherent Pro program of democratic
reforms we don't see you decide okay
Mississippi friend mr Wood is the result
of talking about the opposition is it
this inefficiency is it just something
which is intrinsic to the opposition in
general in Russia or is it because the
establishment does not allow for vocal
critics of the system to to stay there
we've seen Olaf's key forced r2 into
exile Nemtsov assassinated and people
silenced by the establishment that is
that is true it is a second because
there is no means for them to
participate all form public opinion let
alone public followings but I would add
that in fact also you could describe
President Putin as you know is there's
not a candidate either he has nothing
else to new to say he's very unlikely to
have any disturbing new policies or
interesting new policies to promote
mm-hm and I think voter apathy is going
to be very marked feature of this
occasion one has to say election because
as what it is officially but actually it
is not a contested ballot it is not a
contested argument and I think it's
extremely unlikely that President Putin
any more than the others will indulge in
public argument he would just say I'm
here vote for me mm-hmm mister some of
you are generation ready mm-hmm
so some of you are united against Putin
but you don't seem to be really United
in the spirit to have a common agenda
just give you one idea for example you
are not United about who should lead the
opposition and your movement which is
open Russia is seen with loads of
skepticism by different parties because
of the background of mikail
Qadhafi many see him as an oligarch not
as a reformer well actually Mikhail
Khodorkovsky well says that in an open
way that he's not gonna he's not gonna
run for presidency it's not interesting
for him and he says that no matter how
hard it is but still the time of such a
people like me is talking about himself
has
and he says like me and like Putin a
time of such people has already passed
and that's the problem of Russia that
some of the people for instance like
Putin does not understand that the his
time has passed and that that's why the
problems will keep collecting in our
country so our movement has no well I
cannot agree with the fact that our moon
has no idea whom to be the the leader of
the opposition we just think that we
must have a lot of a lot of really great
leaders within the opposition who's not
gonna be divided but they're gonna be in
one team of course they will have their
well problems within but still we're
trying to say that this is very
important to keep contacting each other
although this is sometimes even
impossible that and yes we do have this
awful problem with in Russian opposition
we cannot get along sometimes with each
other but still the while the experience
shows that if we just keep our ambitions
with us within us everything is possible
and well let's try to okay make it
possible for the different leaders to
rise at the center of the debate is the
President Vladimir Putin who's run the
country longest-serving president says
Joseph Stalin mister strokin how do you
explain how is Russia trying to explain
the fact that this man enjoys an
unprecedented approval rating of about
80 percent I think that I have to recall
the popular joke you see we are Russians
we are cynical people sometimes when it
comes to politics so we are trading
jokes so according to one of the jokes
that Russian is the second article of
the Russian Constitution says that the
President of the Russian Federation is
elected by the out good going president
of the russian federation so probably
this is this is the case with president
putin but this particular
term would be different from the
previous terms in a sense that this
would be a transition period since
everybody understands that this would be
a final term of President Putin so the
the major question for all of us here
and not only for political and business
invitees is there life after Putin
specifically what sort of Russia we
would inherit after his another term
expires and whether the the stability
which is considered to be the major
legacy of President Putin would also be
cherished and preserved in post Putin
era who would be his successor and to
what extent he would be able to fall off
poor Putin's poor policy whether he
would not challenge and risk him the way
how the new Russian leaders were
denouncing the legacy of their
predecessors just look at Russia's
history and see that normally this is
the case starting from from lenient heed
to Boris Yeltsin Putin mr. would I mean
the bold the growing role that Putin has
been playing in Russia has been passed
puzzling for international diplomats
operating in Moscow do you think is it
because the man has been leading the
country into unprecedented economic
growth he's been seen as a restoring the
national pride which many believe was
bruised during the the times of Boris
Yeltsin or are there any other factors
well there are other factors but first
of all on the question of economic
growth that is now a prospect of the
past generator on anything other than a
modest scale secondly the so-called
victories are essentially it loosely I
don't see their to the good of the
Russian people but thirdly I think it's
important to realize that what he has
done is to destroy all other
institutions the Parliament doesn't
really matter there is no judicial
system which will produce reliable
justice in in Russia there is no reason
for businesspeople to invest heavily in
whether there's any risk at all of
running foul of the administration so it
isn't it is just just Putin it is that
there is nothing but the president of
the day and the FSB and that is not a
secure foundation on which to build a
reliable and good partner for the rest
of the world or in debt for that matter
for Russia to prosper mr. solo
importance of this election is not so
much whether Putin will win but whether
there is any chance of some more
coherent system emerging after him he
won't leave a successor who will do that
it's too threatening to him mr. Saleh
viev I mean we know the outcome of the
election
Putin is set to become president for a
fourth term but don't you think that the
next six years will be extremely crucial
for you in the opposition to be able to
sit together get your act together and
move forward with a one platform one
agenda and a very strong candidate to
run for the 2024 elections to say the
truth it is already extremely difficult
because well as you may know our
movement while Russian officials are
trying to say that our movement is a
foreign movement although we are Russian
movement and they're say trying to say
that we are undesirable organization in
Russia although it breaks even their own
law which they invented to you well to
to make it easier to ban different
organizations and you know all the
independent resources all the
independent mass media is being blocked
a lot of opposition leaders are being
arrested so they have this new tactic
they don't put people into priests they
don't put people to prison for for a lot
of years they just put them constantly
for 30 days
according to administrative arrest and
then they people go out the the jail
spend a few days in
in in freedom and then they again put
them according to the administrative
arrests so this is quite difficult to
fight for your rights in this situation
but still it doesn't mean that we should
give up of course we will continue doing
that of course we will invent new
methods we will invent new ideas because
well otherwise it's all hood our ok we
shouldn't give up
ok I have one last question for mr.
strokin i mean we'd be talking about who
is going to succeed Vladimir Putin and
many believe that the best bet of the
safest bet we do it for him would be to
have some of the Acolytes that he has
been grooming for quite some time do you
think that Nikolai patrushev Sergei
shoigu or Anton Alejandro of one of them
is likely to become the successor of
Putin I personally think that this is a
futile exercise at the moment to point a
finger at mr. Potter or to mr. show God
or to someone else I personally believe
that this will be a name which would
come as a major surprise to all of us
the way it worked with Boris Yeltsin
probably just let me recall the the
famous question of American journalists
who asked who is mr. Putin Europe you
remember and when outgoing President
Yeltsin with his poor poor health
appeared on TV swallowing words and
pronounced the name Vladimir Putin all
journalists restituted archives and to
the web to see to see who is really
Vladimir Putin despite despite we had a
full plate of well-known politicians
like Gennady Sagara so I think that in
six years something similar similar will
happen while everybody would talk about
the people who are more or less known we
will all of a sudden wake up to new
reality we will have here a new name and
then we will ask who is who is mr.
such-and-such ok this is the nature of
Russian politics fortunately we have to
leave it there as the show comes to an
end
gentleman Sergei stroke an Underwood and
Alexander Sophia thank you very much
indeed for your contribution
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com you
can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
for me hashem alberta and the whole team
here bye for now
you
