as protesters faced arrest to
demonstrate against president Donald
Trump Supreme Court pick Brett Kavanaugh
is striking back appearing with his wife
on Fox News a day after not one but two
new accusers emerged he insists he's
been wrongly accused saying the truth is
I've never sexually assaulted anyone in
high school or otherwise I'm not
questioning and have not questioned that
perhaps dr. Ford at some point in her
life
was sexually assaulted by someone in
some place what I know is that I've
never sexually assaulted anyone
Cavanaugh was 17 when his original
accuser Christine Blasi Ford says he
tried to rape her Cavanaugh and Ford are
scheduled to break their silence at a
Senate hearing on Thursday but the White
House considered that too late
President Trump is standing behind his
nominee for the United States highest
court Republican leaders in Congress
aren't backing down either this is what
the so-called
resistance has become a smear campaign
pure and simple Democrats wouldn't let a
few inconvenient things like a complete
lack of evidence or accusers request for
confidentiality to get between them and
a good smear it's despicable on Sunday
Cavanaugh's nomination was struck with
back-to-back bombshells first the New
Yorker magazine published the account of
Debora Ramirez who says that Kavanagh
exposed himself to her while they were
both students at Yale University then
the lawyer for stormy Daniels the woman
who was paid a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars by president Trump's
lawyer to deny that she had an affair
with the president says that he has
another client who says that she also
was assaulted by Kavanagh now the
Republicans who run the Senate Judiciary
Committee are considering whether to go
ahead with a Thursday hearing or to
postpone it to investigate further with
just six weeks to go before the November
midterm elections that could shift
control of Congress and the Supreme
Court nomination to Democrats John
Hendren al Jazeera Washington
