a suspected attacker lies on the ground
it's believed he's wearing a suicide
vest Egyptian state TV aired these
pictures filmed outside the Coptic
Church of Mara Meena in a sudden Cairo
suburb two gunmen reportedly on a
motorcycle
opened fire outside the church as a
service was taking place one was killed
in exchange of fire with security forces
another was reportedly arrested
thank God they locked the door there
were hundreds inside if they didn't
close the door on time it could have
been worse than the attack and dorado
masks in china this is the latest of a
number of attacks on egypt's christian
minority which represents about 10% of
the population the likely suspects are
two organizations really that has been
consistently targeting since 2015 Isis
in Sinai
so the Sinai province or the small
decentralized cell of affiliated with
Isis but operating in in the valley and
primarily two small cells one in Cairo
and one in central Delta problem is that
there is no clear counterterrorism and
counterinsurgency policies so far
dealing with this threat and for a while
Egypt has been just continuing the same
blunders in the same mistakes Egypt has
been under a state of emergency since
April when suicide bombings struck two
Coptic churches killing at least 45
people on Palm Sunday a local affiliate
of ISIL claimed responsibility
the government has deployed more
security forces outside churches in
recent weeks in anticipation of attacks
over the Christmas period Egypt's
Christians have long accused the
authorities of not doing enough to
protect them this attack will likely
make those accusations louder chants
trafford al Jazeera
