for 180 years the iconic telegram
brought news of calamity and condolence
joy and success it entered popular
culture surviving the invention of the
telephone and instant messaging but the
end is nigh
it was ironically via Twitter that
Belgian telecoms firm Proximus announced
the demise of its service one of the
last in the world the system was kept
alive by only a handful of businesses
mostly bailiffs issuing hard copies of
legal documents
tucked away in London Science Museum as
some of the earliest examples of the
technology the first system was
developed in England in 1837 and would
go on to change the world by 1900 there
were cables that connected all the
different continents of the world and it
was it was the first step to
globalization radio TV telephone that
our world is basically built on the
Telegraph it's hard to imagine but once
these cumbersome machines were cutting
edge technology pretty much the same way
that computers were much later on they
used the latest science of the day
electromagnetism to point needles at
letters in the alphabet to eventually
spell out a word it was all down to how
skilled the telegraph operator was using
these handles
the technology created a certain style
of writing a bit like modern text
messages the word stop was used to
indicate the end of a sentence senders
also paid by the word
leading to some resourceful ways of
communicating the shortest telegram in
the English language was sent by the
writer and celebrated wit Oscar Wilde he
was living in Paris and sent a message
to his publisher to see how his new book
was doing the message simply read his
publisher responded later Morse code was
used to send telegraphic messages on
April the 15th 1912 the ill-fated
Titanic sent one of its last distress
calls the UK abandoned the telegram in
1980 to the u.s. in 2006 and the biggest
market india four years ago but the
technology isn't quite dead yet you can
still send telegrams in places like
Italy also a host of online companies
and apps have emerged in recent years
offering people an experience of a
bygone age Oh
Nev Barker al-jazeera London
