noggin Alwyn is a 25 year old teacher
from Italy she lost both her legs during
a government a strike on her school
almost a year ago noggins husband has
him says she almost died they came to
Istanbul hoping Nagin will be able to
walk again with prosthetic legs she's
been treated for seven months at this
clinic specifically established for
victims of the Syrian war Nagin is tired
she's been through a lot but she has one
wish for the new year - I hope the
bloodshed ends in my country then we
could go back home and be victorious her
husband hasn't agrees he had to quit his
work to take care of his wife he's
depressed and homesick
we'll be going back home of course but
if my wife gets better physically our
families are back their words can't
describe this longing all Syrians and
Muslims wish the killings and airstrikes
in Syria to end Syrians who escaped the
war try to cling onto some sort of a
normal life at this market mahir is from
damascus he has been doing the same
business selling mobile accessories in
Istanbul for two years
he complains that he has to pay a lot
for rent workers and tax but he says he
can't go back to his country we hope to
the best setting on in Syria and people
raised all all Syrians
I hope they they accept us as
new people or new home
twenty-seven-year-old Muhammad left
Syria two years ago
he says he has no family here you have
the ability it is good to live here in
Turkey everything is stable for us but
when the situation gets better in Syria
I will go back of course I'm alone here
I believe everyone lives more
comfortably in his or her own country
all they wish is for peace and unity in
the new year there is a little bit of
Damascus in this neighborhood of
Istanbul some Syrians own shops here
while others work or look for jobs but
what they all have in common is the
desire to either go back to Syria or
make turkey home cinema solo al Jazeera
Istanbul
