celebration on the streets of the
Liberian capital one Julie supporters of
former international footballer Jordan
we're greeted news of his victory in
Tuesday's runoff election with song
we're broke down in tears as soon as the
results one last he's seen he had been
comforted by his running mate the old
Taylor who is an ex-wife of former
Liberian president Charles Taylor who is
currently serving a 50-year sentence in
the UK for war crimes committed in
neighboring Sierra Leone for we only
supporters it's a dream come true a
struggle they say that started way back
in 2002 has finally succeeded The
Electric Commission had just announced
the preliminary results all percentages
or CDC tell you mr. president
is sixty one point five percent for the
CDC and thirty eight point five percent
for the unit party now his opponent and
current vice president Joseph black-eye
says he has had deep misgivings about
the elections from the beginning he
contested the results of the first round
and supported a case taken to the
Supreme Court by the candidate took him
third in the race we gone into an
election that we knew from start it has
a lot of problems we were not satisfied
with whether or not the instructions of
the Supreme Court were followed we were
constrained to go ahead but what we want
to see what we wanted we had all hope
for a free fair transparent election and
all seriously if that is what we're
going to get the vice president and his
unity party have not said whether they
will challenge the results in court
George where I said to succeed Ellen
Johnson Sirleaf Africa's first elected
female president who led Liberia for the
past 12 years she is credited with
presiding over the longest period of
uninterrupted peace in Liberia since
1989 George Weah played for a string of
football clubs including AC Milan
Chelsea and Paris and German he's the
only African Footballer to have worn the
FIFA World Player of the Year George
where's victory in the presidential
races attributed mainly to his support
base within the country's youth who
account for up to 60% of the population
he grew up in one of morovia slums and
his success against all odds appeals to
many in what is one of the world's
poorest countries George where entered
politics after his retirement from
football in 2002 and is currently a
Senator in Liberia's Parliament it will
be the first time since 1944 but Liberia
founded by three us slaves in the 19th
century will have transfer of power from
one elected president to another Mohamed
Al Jazeera Monrovia Liberia
