Peru is being forced to revisit a
painful and not so distant past the
presidential pardon of Alberto Fujimori
who led Latin American nation with an
iron fist from 1990 to 2000 has sparked
outrage in the country and beyond
a group of UN Human Rights experts has
joined the critics calling it a slap in
the face for the victims and witnesses
whose tireless commitment brought
Fujimori to justice an apology from the
bedridden 79 year old former president
has done little to ease the sense of
injustice Fujimori killed my son and is
very cowardly in cruel way now president
pedro pablo kajinski has finished
killing the entire family with this
pardon of Fujimori they have called for
more protests and asked the
inter-american Court of Human Rights to
examine the legality of the decision we
consider the pardon which has the
appearance of a humanitarian pardon to
be a pardon of a political nature
president pedro pablo kajinski has
justified the christmas eve pardon on
medical grounds but the timing of the
decision has caused deep suspicion
that's because just a few days earlier
fujimori loyalists in parliament
prevented a vote on kajinski
impeachments and it's allegations of
corruption the former president has
served 12 years of a 25-year sentence
for corruption and human rights
violations these included extra
traditional killings enforced
disappearances and kidnappings as he
used death squads in a ruthless war
against the Maoist Shining Path the
group's leader abimael Guzman now 83 has
been serving a life sentence on terror
charges and in a sign that proves -
fresh wounds may have just been reopened
his lawyer - he's now asking for a
pardon for the Silva al Jazeera
