a Cyclorama was actually one of the most
popular forms of entertainment in the
18th and 19th centuries in the United
States and Europe before cinema would be
round and then there would be a diorama
running on the inside and visitors to a
cyclorama would come up through the
middle of the Cyclorama and they would
have this immersive experience mark came
to the Hirshhorn which was built by
Gordon Bunn shaft and it's a unique
building we are essentially a donut and
so the center of the building actually
makes it impossible for us to actually
be a cyclorama he was looking
specifically at a cyclorama that was
made in 1883 by paul philip otto and it
depicts the Battle of Gettysburg which
is considered to be the turning point of
the American Civil War he got images of
Philip Ito's painting from I'm guessing
from the internet it's a piece of
unstretched canvas one piece about
twelve feet high and forty-five to fifty
feet long and then on that canvas are
multiple layers of paper colored papers
burns papers papers that he soaked in
water to give them this very different
material effect and then he glued
together for mark he has decided to
disrupt that idea by the materials that
he uses so what he's using is just
pieces of color paper sometimes posters
that he finds on the streets so what you
have is not only this juxtaposition of
figurative imagery and abstraction but
also different layers of history so
things that have been embedded in the
kind of the base of the painting then
get put on top and it's kind of this
metaphor I think about how history comes
back over and over again and I think
it's a comment on how some of the issues
that we faced as a nation when the
Battle of Gettysburg took place we're
still kind of relevant today they still
haunt us today and what you get a sense
of is he went back in and it disrupts
the imagery is the sense of history and
how history is never transparent there's
never one version of history and that
there are always these filters through
which we all view history
