what about the gentleman who died in
North London so when we're doing the
bevel 12 please after you go scratch and
we bury him tomorrow
okay working here is a 24 hour a day 7
days a week job the amount of stress
that we experience sometimes is immense
I can still help you maybe I'm his boss
I'm Ghulam taslim and I'm a Muslim
funeral director here in London I've now
part-time and I'm letting the young
people take over so what will happen now
is we have taken miss Valentina in front
of the Imam for prayers
so this appellant enos cooking and we
have another funeral happening today so
after the prayers finish and we will
take the deceased down to the medium
Center very upset is that all nine floor
building at the back of the must totally
inshallah once the Genesis over we will
take you down into the Miriam center and
in one of the rooms we will do a quick
viewing the feta sees as soon as you're
ready my colleagues will take it to the
house okay
the ladies sister who passed away was
Muslim the left view and the people that
came to our office left for their
Christian I believe they're a bit vague
in terms of what happens on a Muslim
funeral as you know Islamic was members
very quick basic and simple in that
sense but small look after the men
explain what's happening
now my grandson and colleague safe he's
come in in the last six months and we
hope that we can train him to take over
for me to carry on to traditions to
carry on the service for the people here
- - well I for one more for dunya will
have you know one folks have been Jenna
one my gentlemen and a lot you know
imagine lemon and Hollis lamina flow
Allah please forgive us one more day
she's returned to you Allah as yourself
into Allah please forgive me Allah
my whole family's father remember I've
always been funeral directors so I've
been around the idea of death and death
is an everyday thing
it's a carrying on my family's legacy
mom to our cup of tea my mom actually
went into the company because my
great-grandfather wondered a little bit
of help so she went for a week and then
he 20 years and she just carried on but
she decided she wanted to go back
teaching I was quite surprised you want
you to actually do this and I didn't
know whether it was just because it was
an easy option because you're like I
don't want to go to university not just
go and work here but you really wanted
to do it didn't you you really enjoyed
it and I think your quad career is so my
dad's a big character I was really
difficult because for 20 years over that
20 years we slop we sort of stopped
being father and daughter and began
business partners which challenged
Islamically how I was dealing with him
and talking to him and there's this very
much this respect thing and we deal with
things very very differently I was in
partnership with my dad only up until
recently
munna was here for 20 years and she
decided that she would stand back for a
while because maybe she wanted to direct
Haji Qasim funerals and I was standing
in her way
we have women come here their husbands
have died and they can relate to a woman
better than they can a man especially
with Asian women so we need a woman's
touch here and I think it will be coming
back we have about 30,000 plus Muslim
population here in the Whitechapel East
London area and this is always being the
kind of melting pot of southern England
ABB's you know they're lovely people who
visit the mosque every now and then and
not only did I go over to the east and
the mosque to cause trouble they've been
over to Northern Ireland to their lovely
little towns and causing crap over there
it was the night before a group
Britain's first has been arrested in
London I was speech he made a rally in
Belfast this summer great Street was
closed off because you had to bank all
these day in this st. and I'm sure it
was the devil up there hovering you know
and yet they don't live in the area as
if I'm sitting over there and there's
you and there's me we work together we
get on together what only folks I met
him in a minute well we all get on
together what we all respect one
another's views yeah to a point of we
agreed to disagree sometimes but we
don't Ram ever use them people froze do
we I do get a bit fearful just in case I
do when they're down here I'm like okay
is anything where's he gonna happen is
you're gonna rap but yeah especially
when you got the kids
Kaleo when i've got comfy donny to give
them the original
yes you have to give them the original
green certificate it's law in this
country you have to have the green
certificate original okay any problems
give me your ring bye thank you again
bye you only bury somebody once and
people remember things when they go
wrong weddings and funerals and if you
do it right the way my dad used to do it
then that's good and if you do it wrong
those people will never forget you I
will always curse you Trudy yes this is
the picture of death and me yeah when I
was about five years of age because my
father wasn't very happy about having
photographs taken and my mother's in the
sari and I'm sure this was about 1956
this was taken around about the mid-60s
when there was an influx of Muslim
people arriving here in East London
mainly Bangladeshis or at that time it
was East Pakistan the the need for a
funeral service grew so my father
purchased a black ambulance van and
started to do the funerals here in
London
: toss me Molly who was only 17 is any
man he deputizes for his father who is
away on pilgrimage to Mecca I grew up
here in this area and we had this
phenomena called bashing we had
right-wing groups coming along looking
for Asians to beat up just for the sake
of it
my father was beaten up and it wasn't it
wasn't a good time in East End of London
my mum was Welsh she converted to Islam
during the second world war with my
father she was a Coal Miner's Daughter
can you imagine the stigma of a white
lady marrying a dark person but she
didn't care but I'm also proud to be a
Bangladeshi as well oh yeah that's my
dad that's my dad roughly four weeks
before he died
and I smile when he graduated and muna
when she graduated she sees the world in
a different way because being younger
than me she can maybe project forward
where I don't that's why I think
politicians shouldn't be allowed to be
politicians after 65 that's some young
blood I fire us away because they've got
better ideas and see things better than
we do
we're always thinking in the past and
they're thinking in the future and
that's important so I do miss her yes
today we have the inauguration of the
strongroom
for the first British Muslim archives
and guests from all different walks of
life have come to join us in the
celebrations of this kind of pivotal
moment hygiene Aslam set up the
country's first and indeed it was
Europe's first Muslim burial service we
are hopefully gonna see muna and her
family members coming in we're starting
at 5:30 so fingers crossed shield she'll
make it on time
she's got 15 minutes that's a very she
maybe should call her
okay so just mist ever okay just
finished basically perfect timing
okay so where's this plaque going this
is gonna go in the Marin Center fire
just before you go down to the strong
one observe right probably can see you
we do want to hide it in there okay
it's really funny because I didn't
realize we miss it the unveiling in
effect but it's actually a plaque that
we are on maybe even you can take a
photo and I can send it to dad be nice
for dad to see that I was here accepting
it
give him some idea what went on a bit of
excitement in the room they haven't will
come to see me but the Mayor of London
is here mr. Sadiq Khan there were
banners up explaining how my granddad
became the caretaker I felt a lot of
love in the room for him so many people
that I didn't actually know but knew of
me or knew who I was came up to speak to
me on this one here it records that my
dad was at the meeting and my granddad
after some heated discussion the bill
was approved and passed the payment and
at the time mr. toffee Ali was requested
not to do any burials on behalf of the
funds before getting prior consent from
beyond all chattering sound that my
grandfather someone dies bury them
quickly so that's what you mean to do I
think what they're saying is you need to
make sure you can get permission first
if you're going to get the money
welcome to the strongroom
its animoso your family and your
contribution has gone to building this
room which will house history this is my
great granddad so he was a sailor Alaska
you can see like all the ports of
engagement port of discharge like all
the way from Calcutta to London to see
went from Calcutta to Glasgow back to
Calcutta Rotterdam Birkenhead that's my
granddad was in Birken in holding my dad
I thought he'd stolen him oh really that
little white kid because my dad is quite
young back then there weren't many weeks
that I've seen the Muslim community grow
so much especially in the East End to
what it is now and I wish my grandfather
could see this now and my children will
have no idea the struggles my granddad
had him you know when he first came over
here trying to get he'll meet you know
where would you eat this sort of thing
it shows how people came over and then
just you know the struggles they
probably had
can you please make prayers for my
father me stop the Rashid my father just
passed away literally in the morning 79
year old man and I mean he's terminally
ill cancer he's been suffering for three
to four months my dad's been in this
country for many many years so my dad
worked for a lot he went for a lot I
don't think I was the best person as a
son but the last five years I've changed
ten years I've changed so 100 in love
we've gone to a Dean both of us father
son brother sisters and this is gonna be
a big time in our life so I mean he's
gonna bring us close to Allah bring us
close to our family members and in the
future shot a lot of people people
recognize ha how precious people are
around them especially your father in
your mother's and yeah when they go they
go and replace no ISIL is no replacement
bro
but man hamdulillah but is sin this is
time unit is that I need you to be stand
up like a man now because people new
charges is good for your father is not
only for you yes whatever you done yes
it's back to our parents yes look after
your mother
look after your sisters Allah I'm sure
we'll be fine
and much you can just pray for your
father all the time don't become in your
praise
nobody minutes enter the gobbling you
can do with the motion
I want to say every def sticks out for
you this is somebody's loved one this
it's not something you walk in there and
you can take lightly every single day
you meet somebody that makes you feel
grateful or thankful that your loved
ones are still here it molds the way you
view life and then how you deal with
your family and your friends I've sure
what's going on there in Hillingdon
hello man could a demote you please
hello Mort rehab you from haslums
so if we come 345 will this can happen
for example scans being booked for
falling club thank you Cheers
Thanks let's get cash get moving because
part of that time to that fly you'll get
there don't worry okay what
we have five funerals be at God as a
peace inshallah
we've got Momina leader Abdullah and the
Salomon Messer on the account number is
two four six
they pulled me in today because Abe
we've got so many funerals so they need
drivers I'll be at the cemetery and kind
of making sure everything goes down well
because there will be pandemonium
death is such a leveler I see it all of
the time
you meet people from beggar to King and
it gives me a big insight into life
itself every day is a bonus come on
sisters please don't block the roads do
what your heart tells you to do be kind
the kiss maybe the last kiss the anger
may be the last anger you show somebody
forgive quickly don't hold a grudge
okay brother this way please
it's right this way brother excuse me
please sorry we are all God's creatures
whether we are Muslim Gentile Jew
it doesn't matter excuse me please sorry
okay
you stayed this side brother you stayed
to psyche you brother you don't on this
side okay from underneath lift up please
wish me luck now you la la la slowly
please slowly
Thank You Bubba's this Villa at the end
of the day we go back to our creators I
know when my grandfather sought a full
retirement
my mom will come in a mesh well you know
the business still run smoothly you know
everything is done rice beats me they're
really big personalities nothing they're
more similar than they realize
hello granddaughter how are you I'm
alive and what about you have you broken
up from school okay are you on your own
are you with your mother okay will you
will you ask her kindly to give me a
ring because I know could I need to know
what time she'll be at the mosque
tomorrow because I want to make sure I'm
here at the same time okay see you
tomorrow Sola
okay bye bye
when is coming up this week no I did not
she's obviously busy with their teaching
and stuff but yeah that'd be nice to see
her in the office hi dad you're right
it took us ages sorry I'm late
what's the mark on your head in the
house kid says why there is so much
different in there now innit this is
Neela
yeah that makes more sense thank you as
well yeah excellent
back then why are you telling to come I
can tell you right now don't bother I'm
all right Co any W will recover one done
don't shout alone people know what them
coming from an Asian family you do try
to leave your parents dreams very often
and try to do what pleases them and I
think I did that to a certain extent and
it wasn't until I was sort of in my 40s
that I sort of went back to teaching and
thinking read I should have done this a
lot earlier it really pulls you and I
hope Cleo doesn't feel that way
so Khalil behaving himself he's a lovely
boy he's a man and he's behaving himself
yes he's good he's developing a family
Oh any marriage proposals well we still
on
but we going have a nice time with mummy
inshallah give her my salaam I've always
wanted her to come back but she said
she'd come back part time but this is
not a part time job I need her to be
here like five days a week so
unfortunate she's not ready for that yet
so
my grandson with my guidance and his
mum's support he can one day do what I
do body language is so important
expressions on people's faces
this is also an education and I need
someone to stay the ship in the future
and I think he will be very successful
just follow the actual car
you can't let go it's something that
we've been doing since 1967 just can't
let go like that while my mind is active
and my body is active I want to help and
assist I want to retire now I'm just
part-time you can say but I think I'll
only retire when I die
you
