we begin with a story coming out of
China that Beijing clearly doesn't want
out there reporting on it could mean a
one-way ticket out of the country
it already has for one foreign
correspondent and Chinese journalists
have it worse threats violence in some
cases prison sentences the story is the
alleged mass incarceration of wiegert's
and other Turkic Muslim minorities more
than a million of them in the Shin Jong
Uighur autonomous region and 23 million
people there are now being tracked by a
high-tech surveillance system the
Chinese media echo their government's
security narrative on this that the
measures are necessary given separatist
movements in the area prone to violence
and the terminology can be telling what
the international media call internment
camps forced indoctrination the Chinese
media described as political education
centers counter extremism training
schools our starting point this week is
the resource-rich news rich region of
Xinjiang it's not as though Shin Jang is
a black hole for news if it was it would
be a big one since the region is twice
the size of Germany what Shin Jung is is
a black hole for a certain kind of news
the official narrative and Jing Chang
has always been it was a backward feudal
region and the Communist Party went in
the 1950s and restructured both the
social and economic hierarchy is there
that has been a pretty ironclad
narrative in 2009 that changed a little
bit there were these deadly ethnic riots
between Han Chinese the majority ethnic
population in China and the Muslim
Weaver's and several hundred people at
least died according to state media that
served as a psychological and legal
justification for many of the security
measures and surveillance measures that
we see today satellite images Peru
Chinese government has built hundreds if
not more of the attention camps and all
they're also expanding and hundreds of
thousands people are there just for
being we grouping Turkic and being a
Muslim not because they have committed
any acts of violence or terrorism the
government has been very clear the
Chinese government and the way they see
this they perceive they have a problem
that could also be a security threat
they believe that there are radical
elements who have infiltrated the
population and convince people that they
should have an independent homeland and
this is this kind of separatism and also
extremism
China's government has reason to be
cautious over Shin Jang
since the ethnically driven unrest that
flared up in 2009 there has been
periodic violence and bloodshed
attributed to meager movements including
one attack at the heart of the capital
Tiananmen Square
Beijing's response however putting a
community of 11 million people under
surveillance incarcerated so many in the
name of indoctrination has been wildly
disproportionate China's government
argues it's out to stop what it calls
the three forces separatism extremism
and terrorism and China's media
apparatus has adopted that term
parroting it in the same unquestioning
way much of the US media did with the
so-called war on silly Shunta Beijing's
man in Xinjiang Chen chuan war was made
party boss there after having cut his
teeth in another ethnic trouble spot
Tibet he has adapted some of the
security measures used in Tibet to Shin
Jang including a clear focus on
surveillance and technology things like
police checkpoints every few hundred
meters forcible checking of people's
mobile phone devices of their laptops as
well as surveillance by things like iris
scans facial recognition cameras and DNA
checks you have many leaders who are
saying that they're simply being called
in because they exchanged text messages
or shared an email several years ago
that contained religious religious
content and now they're being called
into a reapplication camp or being
questioned at a detention camp for that
it's very small action you can wander
around some of the residential
neighborhoods where weaker communities
were once concentrated and find them to
be completely deserted there's no
charges no trial people just sort of
disappear into these places for many
months at a time and even longer
megha Rajagopal 'it has her own story to
tell she is one of the very few foreign
reporters who managed to get into Shin
Jung to report on the situation there
just weeks after her piece was published
by BuzzFeed she was expelled from the
country Chinese officials want to limit
information and imagery coming out of
the region controlling access is central
to their strategy but there are some
cameras they cannot control the ones in
space the satellite photos of the
detention centers featured in the
international media will not be seen on
Chinese television domestic reporters
there are tightly controlled as a Weger
journalist Halim say Toph reports on the
story from Washington he is the director
of the u.s. funded Radio Free Asia 's
Weger service is obviously impossible
for wigger reporters on the ground are
there too there any kind of reporting on
this issues because we have already
reported ourselves that no wigger
writers and we are scholars who in any
way spoken out against China's
repressive policies have been detaining
these camps but for Chinese journalists
this is an extremely sensitive subject
they are required to follow the Chinese
government's align they have to repeat
the same thing so they cannot
independent a report on what is
happening to Italy the view so in the
West we expect the press to be
investigative to to show us all the
holes in what is generally a democracy
but in China it's very different there's
this close association between the press
and the government as seen through the
eyes I think of the China Chinese
government I mean you can look at
Chinese history over many many centuries
any time the center is not strong you
basically make fiefdoms out of you know
different parts of China so they're
determined that their press will not
become something that divides the
country it needs to be something that
unites it
officially it's the People's Republic of
China but the voice that matters more
than any other belongs to President Xi
Jinping President Xi has had no qualms
in telling Chinese journalists and the
news outlets they work for that the
media's ultimate loyalty must be to the
state not the story and Beijing's
interest in what happens in Xinjiang
isn't just political its economic the
state lies in the pathway of the belt
and road initiative a mammoth
infrastructure and development project
championed by President Xi to create a
vast international trade network
centered around China it's location is
very strategic because it sits between
much of eastern China and the countries
of Central Asia even you know how you
don't fool me keep aloof in the ocean
she's young she kept on the pushing and
ginger is home to about a fifth of
China's total oil reserves it's also a
biggest producer of coal as a region
it's vitally vitally important from an
energy security perspective to China and
this explains this kind of obsessive
desire for stability in that region but
the cost of things like basic individual
rights so as not to upset its economic
development plans both at home and
abroad Xi Jinping has been president for
six years now his burgeoning power and
influence have been compared to Mao
Zedong's who once said the role and
power of newspapers consists in their
ability to present the party's lie it's
specific policies goals and work methods
to the masses half a century later in
Xinjiang for the media outlets that
spread the word those same rules still
apply
