the Kremlin is sending an s-300 missile
defense system to its ally a week after
one of its own Russian planes was shot
down by inaccurate Syrian anti-aircraft
fire
Moscow blames Israel for the incident
the US National Security Advisor John
Bolton says the missile sale would be a
significant escalation and he is
encouraging Russia to reconsider rori
challenge with more now from Moscow
Russia's s-300 the air defense system
that Russia has held off from supplying
to the Syrian military until now within
two weeks a modern surface-to-air
missile system the s-300 will be handed
over it's capable of intercepting air
assault weapons at a range of more than
250 kilometers and at the same time can
hit multiple aerial targets having an
advanced anti-jam facility and high fire
rate the system will strengthen Syrian
air defense combat capabilities
significantly defense minister shoigu
gave little doubt why the russians have
changed their position but let me make a
point at the request of the Israeli side
in 2013 we halted delivery of the s-300
which was ready to be shipped to Syria
while Syrian service personnel were
given appropriate training today the
situation has changed not by our fault
the Defense Ministry holds Israel
responsible for the deaths of fifteen
military personnel a week ago their
reconnaissance plane was misidentified
and mistakenly shot down by Syrian air
defense amidst the confusion of Israeli
air strikes an Israeli military
delegation sent to Moscow last Thursday
failed to convince the Russians it
wasn't their fault an interesting aspect
of this rift is the way the Ministry of
Defence approach differs from that taken
by the Kremlin the mo D has kept pushing
the view that Israel is culpable but
Vladimir Putin and his spokesperson have
been soft-pedaling saying it was just an
unfortunate accident and that the s-300
decision is not aimed at Israel
Israel has previously been able to count
on Russia turning a blind eye to its
airstrikes inside Syria
of which there have been some 200 in
recent years but if Damascus really does
get its hands on s-300s the Israeli
military will have to rethink his
tactics there's a first time in the
history of the conflict that we see the
the Syrian defense is equipped with the
modern missiles that can deprive the
Israeli Air Force's from their freedom
of movement and the Syrian airspace but
it's not just the Israelis who will be
affected by the move US National
Security Advisor John Bolton has called
it a major mistake any other country
operating in the region will now have to
realize that Syrian airspace isn't
theirs to use at will rory challon's al
jazeera Moscow
