he's the leader of Hong Kong's national
party it's a small group promoting
independence from China but the
government has deemed it a threat to
national security the party is now
banned in Hong Kong what the agenda of
the Hong Kong national party aims to is
in strict contravention to the basic law
the Hong Kong national party also
spreads hatred and discrimination
against mainland us in Hong Kong the
police made the initial recommendation
the government agreed but the party
leader says he doesn't advocate violence
and made this statement at the city's
foreign correspondents club in August
due to the nature of how the Chinese
propaganda machine works the National
Party was instantly demonized as some
sort of extremist group due to this
single word independence in reality what
the National Party is chasing out is no
different from what many Hong Kong has
wish for the team of democracy the
decision to ban this group is
unprecedented in Hong Kong but is
considered a strategic move by the
government to muzzle the
pro-independence sentiment as Beijing
acts on any challenge to its sovereignty
the vast majority of Hong Kong people do
not believe that independence is a
realistic option but there has been
increasing resentment against the
Chinese authorities against their
interventions in Hong Kong and naturally
Hong Kong people feel
that their core values their lifestyles
have been affected Hong Kong is a
semi-autonomous territory under the so
called one country two systems' deal
which was part of the official handover
from Great Britain to China more than
two decades ago
that means Hong Kong enjoys freedoms
unseen on the mainland including freedom
of speech but that space for political
dissent is shrinking pro-independence
activist Andy Chan was prohibited from
standing for election six democratically
elected pro-democracy politicians were
disqualified from the city's Parliament
the National Party plans to hold a
public protest on Tuesday but the
government says any member of the group
will be fined up to twelve thousand
dollars or face up to three years in
jail if they speak out Sarah Clark al
Jazeera Hong Kong
