well this week al-jazeera is going
in-depth to cover this year's UN General
Assembly presiding over the much
anticipated event is Maria
Fernando Espinosa the Ecuadorean is just
the fourth woman to lead the Assembly in
its seven decades long history al
Jazeera sat down and spoke to Espinosa
about her work and her message to world
leaders about the week ahead I am Maria
Fernanda Spinoza I am the current
president of the General Assembly I am
an Ecuadorian woman a geographer a poet
and a politician first I started writing
poetry very early in my childhood I
would say one of the permanent concerns
in my poetry it's about memory so I
think that memories at the core of what
we need to do here at the United Nations
to learn from the past to do it better
and to be a better society and of course
here I come with with a perhaps a little
bit of a special lens as a woman the
only the fourth woman in 73 years of
history of the United Nations and the
first Latin American Caribbean woman to
look to make sure that gender parity
gender equality the economic and
political empowerment of women are fully
taken into account and every time I do
something in my everyday life I have to
keep in mind that there's so many people
that meet the United Nations when I tell
these my team they should always think
who we are here for and who do we
represent I now invite her excellency
Maria Fernanda Espinosa Garces
president-elect often when I took the
oath I really felt it was a moment of
solemn Nadav we say in Spanish solemnity
declare Oh Solomon Amenti I was really
shaking a little bit
I have to confess that but at the same
time I felt the the necessary calm
to say okay I will do this my father was
there when I to do it was really I felt
in a way protected in a way inspired by
his presence he's a person that is 84
years old and with a lot of wisdom with
a lot of knowledge of life we will dare
to go the extra mile the message to the
leaders that are going to come to New
York for high-level week instead we
should dare dare to say things in a very
bold way to be bold to be honest and
frank and to communicate to the people
in need because they are the ones who
need more that that the UN delivers and
multilateralism works
