they are words that will go down in the
history of the United Nations the United
States has great strength and patience
but if it is forced to defend itself or
its allies we will have no choice but to
totally destroy North Korea the fari
rhetoric by Donald Trump in his first
visit here as US president stunned
diplomats a year on relations between
North Korea and the u.s. have improved
but no one expects the US president will
spend three days this time at the UN to
be much more restrained this year watch
what happens in the United Nations his
most powerful body the Security Council
around the horseshoe table we're
ambassadors normally sit
there'll be presidents and prime
ministers although Russia and China will
only be sending their foreign ministers
as the u.s. happens to have the monthly
rotating presidency President Trump will
chair the meeting and it's already clear
this year he has Iran in his sights
earlier in the year he finally pulled
the u.s. out of the Iran nuclear deal an
agreement the US and its allies had made
with Iran to end its nuclear program in
2015 while the other signatories are
still technically in the deal it looks
to be in deep trouble when I asked the
UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres
about it he didn't sound confident it
would survive is it dead though it's not
clear I think that a lot of contacts
have been taking place a lot of
negotiations have been taking place
between different Member States and Iran
and so I think there is an effort US
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will also
chair a Security Council meeting the day
after president Trump this time on North
Korea the situation has changed
dramatically in a year Trump seems to
trust Kim jong-un the contrast with his
approach to Iran is something likely to
be causing much discussion among the
leadership in Tehran according to a
former Obama administration official who
dealt with both countries I think there
are some Iran ian's who will say well
this is why we need to have nuclear
weapons
if we had nuclear weapons then we could
get his attention and we
get his endorsement of us the same way
that Trump is endorsed Kim jong-un the
others who would say listen the North
Koreans have a completely different
security situation they're able to
threaten South Korea in a way that we're
not anybody else maybe we need to do
that leaders from around the world are
here in New York but events of the
United Nations are likely to be
dominated by President Trump and the
u.s. leader is also likely to be in all
the headlines diplomats say that's an
unfortunate distraction from many of the
pressing issues that leaders should be
dealing with James BAE's al Jazeera at
the United Nations
