supporters of the main opposition party
the Cameron Renaissance movement
rallying in the capital Dwolla
on Saturday they've launched a two-week
campaign before voting on October the
7th the presidential election comes at a
critical time for Cameroon after years
of bloody conflict between the
english-speaking South and the central
government that's dominated by French
speakers Kanto is promising political
and cultural reconciliation but change
has often eluded Cameroon president Paul
Biya has been ruling since 1982 and
nearly every election he's won since
then was highly controversial with
constant accusations of vote rigging to
guarantee he stay in power during his 36
years critics accuse him of ruling with
an iron fist while failing to preserve
the national unity videos shown on
social media last year was said to show
extrajudicial killings of civilians in
the south by special army brigades
cantos supporters say he's a serious
challenger to president via and the only
real beacon of hope for Cameroon at the
moment other presidential candidates are
also trying to galvanize supporters by
promising change the enthusiasm is there
Cameroon Ying's want change and we are
not mistaken we think that on October 7
Cameroonians will live up to the
expectations of the whole world to say
that we must turn the page and we must
finally move forward but president BR
still has a support base
I would like to call president phobias
campaign slogan which is the strength of
experience this slogan sums up by itself
the ambitions achievements the
opportunities that are offered to us
which all this could be achieved thanks
to Paul Biya
others argue a free and fair election
isn't guaranteed because of what
happened before and they don't roll out
a continuation of the status quo
Mohammad wad our desi
