it was all smiles as president Abdulla
yameen and his main rival Ibrahim
Mohamed Salah cast their ballots in
Sunday's poll you means critics accuse
him of acting as a strongman imprisoning
or exiling political rivals the election
lacking transparency there's no credible
election observers in Maldives at the
moment because the all the democracy
democratic countries as well as European
Union decided well in advance that the
government had not been obliging them
the government had not been doing
requesting requests what they have
requested to do prior to the elections
that is to free the party leaders as
well as to abide by the ruling of the
Supreme Court of February 1st but none
of these things happened so they decided
that they would not observe this
election and give any credibility to
this election those critics questioning
whether the election would be free and
fair so they would prove right on
Saturday the eve of the poll security
police raided the headquarters of the
main opposition the Maldives Democratic
Party this latest crackdown to stifle
the only viable alternative to president
yameen ruling Progressive Party hasn't
silence opposition supporters they say
the election was a referendum on whether
the Maldives continues to slide towards
authoritarianism on this period have
been forced to come here they have not
been
asked to come here because they would
lose their job so anything they are all
here because they want to be here
because they want to change this because
they believe that resident German is not
the answer but every a look your home
voters in the capital Malik you to cast
their ballot some cautiously optimistic
the change is still possible I'm just
going to practice my rights and I'm
going to vote and I'm hoping that we
have a free and fair election there are
only a quarter of million registered
voters in the Maldives the opposition
say the victory for president yameen and
his reelection for another five years is
a foregone conclusion Alex go topless
r20
