our lead story this week tackles an
issue that considering its magnitude
could be a fixture on every episode of
our show its climate change and how the
media are grappling with how to cover it
only a small percentage of news
audiences would have heard about the
report released earlier this month by
the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change or the IPCC and that's
not because the report was dull or
inconsequential no in fact it's been
called the landmark study warning that
the world has just 12 years left to
limit global temperature rise to 1.5
degrees Celsius any higher and the risks
of droughts floods and extreme weather
will soar coverage of the IPCC report
was a flash in the pan like so much
climate change reporting is the initial
wave of headlines receded as quickly as
it had emerged climate changes the
world's most significant existential
challenge and those who want to cover it
are still figuring out how to convey its
size and scale the listening-posts
Meenakshi Ravi now on the coverage of
the IPCC report and what it reveals
about the state of climate change
reporting
it's a story as big as this planet
affecting every country every economy
every individual and it's urgency
ratchets up higher every year and yet
climate change coverage nearly always
seems to need a crutch an event to peg
it on a global conference a protest or
as it was this time around the release
of the Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate change's special report on
global warming the report's findings
were monumental this is the most dire
report we've had from the IPCC yet
they're basically saying we need to move
now we need to take really serious
action if we want to prevent the worst
impacts of climate change the report is
something of a call to arms telling us
that the survival of our species depends
on a political revolution
these are overwhelming scientific
findings and frankly it overwhelm
scientists and it is going to overwhelm
journalists as well the headline in the
IPCC report is stark
it says rapid far-reaching and
unprecedented changes are needed in all
aspects of society if mankind is to
contain the average global temperature
increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius the time
frame the IPCC has set for this is just
over a decade 12 years in the absence of
a paradigm shift a rethinking of how the
world functions the droughts food
shortages environmental degradation and
poverty being experienced already are
going to get much worse much faster in
some cases I think the the sort of
shocking news of the report I think let
some of the coverage to jump to a kind
of you know we're doomed there's no hope
that storm intensities wildfires even
pest outbreaks will increase which could
I worry that if all of a sudden you know
we have this new study and it says that
making progress on climate change it has
to be so drastic that it's more or less
impossible then people will start to get
really dismayed and lose hope and this
is always a challenge of climate
coverage then your
times in their main piece covering the
report had a photo of a like a lone
child playing in the sand with these
bones and that's the kind of the style
of coverage you generally get which
seems to seems to indicate that they are
more more capable of imagining an
apocalypse than they are for instance of
imagining increasing taxation on the
ultra-wealthy on corporations you know
that creates millions of good good green
jobs and regulates corporations and and
and phases out fossil fuel production
they find it impossible to imagine a
political alternative other than kind of
apocalyptic scenarios that climate
change isn't the most covered ongoing
news story in the world is a reflection
of just how many times the opportunity
is missed in the US alone freak
weathered incidents over the past few
years would have justified it being in
the headlines every day
however the link between climate change
and weather incidents that are
increasing in intensity and frequency is
often never made a 2017 study by the DC
beast Media Matters group into the
coverage of hurricane Harvey found that
over a span of two crucial weeks two
main cable news outlets ABC and NBC
didn't air a single segment mentioning
climate change and its link to such
weather events
this study isn't the only one of its
kind by media matters in July this year
it found that coverage of the heatwave
across the United States followed a
similar pattern we looked at reporting
on the three big TV broadcasts networks
and found that those programs mentioned
the heatwave 127 times and only one of
those mentioned climate change the media
is not able to grasp this linkage so for
example this year if you just see Kerala
floods in India we had historically
unprecedented flood within a period of
two to three days something like 25 to
30 trillion liters of water fell over
this smaller state but if you look at
the media reportage in India they were
talking about you know local ecological
disaster local changes in ecology
cutting up forests and those kind of
things but the linkage between climate
change and Kerala floods was not there
this is a real problem and a missed
opportunity climate change can seem like
a really distant or theoretical problem
but when there's extreme weather that's
a real opportunity for the media to talk
about climate change and how it affects
extreme weather and exacerbates extreme
weather you think what can I do this is
a fixture in much of climate change
reporting is the notion that individual
action can help stave off the
existential threat posed by global
warming
you're changing your light bulb you're
driving a different car maybe you're
eating less meat whatever you're doing
to help the world is rubbing off on your
neighbors individual awareness is vital
media emphasis on it however is out of
proportion the real action needs to come
from industry in 2017 the uk-based
nonprofit the CDP group published a
report correlating specific volumes of
greenhouse gas or GHG emissions with the
industry's responsible for them it found
that since 1988 just 100 corporations
have produced more than 70% of the
world's greenhouse gas emissions
this is not just a problem of me or a
problem of you there are companies oil
companies natural gas companies coal
companies who are responsible for the
vast amount of the pollution that is
causing climate change where there's
progress there's energy many of them
have waged disinformation campaigns they
have tried to downplay and distort the
science they have got politicians in
their pockets who are discouraging or
blocking climate action if there was a
list of criminals who have polluted the
climate then x-1 ExxonMobil would come
at that at the front British Petroleum
will come as the top climate polluters
so will companies in India in Saudi
Arabia you know many many countries who
are polluting the climate but also have
a huge influence on media in terms of
their contributions to advertisements
and support to media so media is very
quick to talk about what governments
need to do or what people need to do but
they will rarely talk about what
corporations need to do for instance
there was a there was a widely panned
CNN tweet the tweet was scared of the
new climate report here's a few things
you can do and of course all the
prescriptions that have made had to do
with individual consumer changes and it
completely neglected the actual
structural forces and corporate power
that underlies the climate crisis and I
don't think the stress on the changes
that individuals can make rather than on
what corporations are doing is an
accident I think it is a function of the
dominant ideology of our era namely
neoliberalism which has persuaded us or
tried to persuade us that the market is
a kind of magical entity that will solve
all of our problems
unprecedented changes that's what the
IPCC report says is needed to deal with
global warming as media outlets covered
the report almost none of them this
network included reported on changes
they would make in their own newsrooms
or to their own journalistic practices
one case it might be wise to start stop
dealing with the climate change issue as
separate from every other story every
other beat I find it quite it's a
saurian time to read the news sometimes
because you will be going from this
report that's really staggering in its
implications and then on the next page
there will be you know an article about
the potential you know renovation of JFK
Airport that doesn't say anything about
a role of flying and air travel in
contributing to carbon emissions and how
we might need to change that quite
drastically I think that they all are
very deeply connected I think it's
particularly true for reporting on the
economy and economics and job growth and
all of these things that make no mention
of climate change but it is our economic
model that is driving climate change and
those things have to be put together
much more than they are now
you
