they're hungry like millions of fellow
Yemenis they've left behind these men
have just arrived in a book huddled
together in some shade having been
smuggled out of Yemen for $200 each it's
a war we don't want to be part of says
this man explaining that he and the
others feared they'd be conscripted to
join Houthi rebel forces this is where
they'll end up with families who may
have refuge but little else
this man has fresh drinking water but
can't afford to buy food so his family
has to get by solely on emergency aid we
don't receive anything but enough to
survive from the UN we don't have the
nutrition needed for our children the
elderly even us it's a grim existence
here in the sweltering heat of such a
dry arid and infertile place the natural
focus though of aid agencies is across
the water in Yemen where by the day the
situation for the people is getting more
and more critical in a remote Yemeni
village they continue to pick leaves
from trees as their only means of
survival these two brothers know that
cooking and eating the leaves will lead
to sickness but it provides one meal a
day for their extended family and it's a
choice between malnutrition or eating
the leaves the children are suffering
from constant diarrhea drowsiness and
fever we don't know how and where we can
treat them we get no help no one there
is no relief organization in our area
when we go asking for help we get
nothing some of the children and babies
from the village of Islam in haja
province have ended up here in this
medical clinic
you can see what aid agencies worn is a
crisis for the young weak and hungry
that's growing bigger the war in the
famine has caused a spike in the number
of those who eat the vine leaves which
is leading to an increase of
malnutrition cases the vine leaves have
a highly acidic substance that reduces
absorption in the intestines and the
stomach this is a very dangerous
condition less than a week ago when Al
Jazeera reported on the clinic's work
this little girls a fasho Eber Mohammed
was waiting for treatment she has since
died the medical staff are fighting
against one of the consequences of war
and the losses are higher now than ever
before
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera oh Bach in
Djibouti
