for 12 centuries the spiral minaret of
the Great Mosque at Samara has survived
storms and Wars but perhaps its greatest
danger is from neglect this is the first
time I've seen the spiral minaret since
2003 I'm shocked
there's been no attempt to restore there
are no rubbish baskets no proper benches
for visitors if this landmark was in any
other country it would be a piece of art
in 2007 they already badly damaged city
of samara was protected as a World
Heritage Site by the UN it was hoped
that would encourage more visitors in
business but more than a decade later
little has been done Oh outside so no
difference of the pyramids and any other
place in the movies but it doesn't give
proper attention Samara lies on both
sides of the river tigris north of
Baghdad
it marks the site of a powerful Islamic
capital that rolled over the Abbasid
Empire which stretched from Tunisia to
Central Asia for a century it's
estimated 80 percent of it still lies
undiscovered the spiral minaret has gone
through dark times even the nearby park
that was built not long ago is also
neglected the authorities should be
investing in such a historical landmark
so that archaeological tourism can
flourish in Samara city Iraq's in the
process of rebuilding its present-day
cities after decades of violence but for
a country which is said to have a wealth
of archaeological treasures the people
of Samara say that Iraq should be
protecting its history - Rob Matheson al
Jazeera Baghdad
