Iranians drop to the pavement during a
military parade for Iran's famed
Revolutionary Guard as they marched four
gunmen launched a rare and deadly attack
against soldiers and bystanders in the
middle of the parade we realized that a
group wearing fake military clothing who
were armed attacked our children from
behind us and then fired on women and
children most of the victims were
members of the Revolutionary Guard
although women and children were caught
in the crossfire this man is asking why
his four year old daughter had to die
char never till these four people
terrorists who had previously brought
their weapons to the area days before
they hid their weapons then when people
came to see the parade and gathered they
grabbed their weapons and fired at the
people with machine guns the parade was
at the start of sacred Defense week
commemorating Iranians who died during
the eight-year war with Iraq in the
1980s an arab separatist group a farz
National Resistance claimed
responsibility for the attack saying
they want independence the vazhi
resistance is an Arab national
resistance that has no foreign agenda we
work only for vars there is no support
from any foreign country the group
refuting allegations that it is foreign
funded but Tehran insists they're
supported by the US Saudi Arabia and its
Gulf allies iran's Foreign Minister
tweeting terrorists recruited trained
armed and paid by a foreign regime have
attacked ava's Iran holds regional
terror sponsors and their u.s. masters
accountable for such attacks a US State
Department spokesman sue beg condemned
the attack and expressed sympathy the
Iranian system believes that the US and
its allies are waging not just an
economic war against Iran through
sanctions but are also trying to
destabilize Iran internally as the our
fathers attack was happening president
Hassan rouhani was speaking at another
anniversary parade in Tehran
he said Iram will not step back from
nuclear or military development because
of us pressure Iran will neither put
aside its defensive weapons nor will it
reduce its defensive capabilities we
will add to our defensive power day by
day and he promised to show how much he
values his military again warning of a
crushing response to whoever was
involved in this attack
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
