reeling from her bruising EU summit
Theresa May delivered a defiant
ultimatum to Europe the EU should be
clear I will not overturn the result of
the referendum
nor will I break up my country we need
serious engagement on resolving the two
big problems in the negotiations and we
stand ready she hoped for warm words
from her counterparts at Thursday's EU
summit in Salzburg she was instead met
with an unequivocal rejection of her
latest brexit plan everybody shared the
view that wider positive elements in the
checkers proposal the suggested
framework for economic cooperation will
not work because it's undermining the
single market the put-downs continued on
tusks Instagram account a piece of cake
wrote tusk
sorry no cherries a giant Britons
perceived cherry picking of brexit
proposals that suit the UK but no one
else
the French president Emmanuel macron
said he would never accept a deal which
damages the e use integrity and said
those promoting the idea that brexit
will be positive for Britain hull liars
Theresa May responded saying it was time
for the EU to show Britain some respect
throughout this process I have treated
the EU with nothing but respect the UK
expects the same a good relationship at
the end of this process depends on it
Teresa Mays brexit strategy was drawn up
at her country retreat checkers in July
it proposes a UK EU free-trade area and
a common rulebook for industrial and
agricultural goods to prevent exports
and imports from getting stuck at
borders but the EU and UK can't agree on
what will happen here on the border
between Northern Ireland a part of the
UK and the Republic of Ireland n EU
member the UK's promised there will be
no return to a hard border but it's
rejected that you use a backstop plan to
keep the region aligned with its trade
rulz it's something we will never agree
to said Theresa May
it would mean breaking up our country
the frosting response to Theresa Mays
proposal has inflamed tensions amongst
hardline brexit ears within her own
party who believe the EU are pushing for
more concessions from the UK that if
adopted will mean leaving the EU will be
increasingly more and more pointless
they want a clean break from Brussels
with or without Theresa May but this
latest message to Europe may help
restore some confidence from brexit ears
who believe she hasn't been tough enough
the prime minister says there's
currently no counter proposal on the
table this is an impasse with no
solution in sight neve barker al jazeera
westminster
