in the Far West of China the monstrous
crime is taking place
hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post who are some of the
stories were covering this week we're
focusing on the world's biggest media
market China two reports one on Shin
Jang what the media can report from
there and what they cannot and we take
you to Guangzhou and inside the southern
media group a once thriving journalistic
Enterprise up against new realities
political and economic the me2 campaign
makes its mark in German media with an
Egyptian angle and The Weather Channel
opens the visual floodgates on Hurricane
Florence we begin with a story coming
out of China that Beijing clearly
doesn't want out there reporting on it
could mean a one-way ticket out of the
country it already has for one foreign
correspondent and Chinese journalists
have it worse threats violence in some
cases prison sentences the story is the
alleged mass incarceration of wiegert's
and other Turkic Muslim minorities more
than a million of them in the Shin Jong
Uighur autonomous region and 23 million
people there are now being tracked by a
high-tech surveillance system the
Chinese media echo their government
security narrative on this that the
measures are necessary given separatist
movements in the area prone to violence
and the terminology can be telling what
the international media called
internment camps forced indoctrination
the Chinese media described as political
education centers counter extremism
training schools our starting point this
week is the resource-rich news rich
region of Xinjiang
it's not as though Shindong is a black
hole for news if it was it would be a
big one
since the region is twice the size of
Germany what Shin Jung is is a black
hole for a certain kind of news the
official narrative and Jing Chang has
always been it was a backward feudal
region and the Communist Party went in
the 1950s and restructured both the
social and economic hierarchies there
that has been a pretty ironclad
narrative in 2009 that changed a little
bit there were these deadly ethnic riots
between Han Chinese the majority ethnic
population in China and the Muslim
Weaver's and several hundred people at
least died according to state media that
served as a psychological and legal
justification for many of the security
measures and surveillance measures that
we see today satellite images Peru
Chinese government has built hundreds if
not more of the attention camps and all
they are also expanding and hundreds of
thousands people are there just for
being we grouping Turkic and being a
Muslim not because they have committed
any acts of violence or terrorism the
government has been very clear the
Chinese government and the way they see
this they perceive they have a problem
that could also be a security threat
they believe that there are radical
elements who have infiltrated the
population and convince people that they
should have an independent homeland and
this is this kind of separatism and also
extremism
China's government has reason to be
cautious over Shin Jang
since the ethnically driven unrest that
flared up in 2009 there has been
periodic violence and bloodshed
attributed to eager movements including
one attack at the heart of the capital
Tiananmen Square
Beijing's response however putting a
community of eleven million people under
surveillance incarcerated so many in the
name of indoctrination has been wildly
disproportionate China's government
argues it's out to stop what it calls
the three forces separatism extremism
and terrorism and China's media
apparatus has adopted that term
parroting it in the same unquestioning
way much of the US media did with the
so-called war on terror hunter page ings
man in Xinjiang Chen chuan war was made
Party boss there after having cut his
teeth in another ethnic trouble spot
Tibet he has adapted some of the
security measures used in Tibet to Shin
Jang including a clear focus on
surveillance and technology things like
police checkpoints every few hundred
meters forcible checking of people's
mobile phone devices of their laptops as
well as surveillance by things like iris
scans facial recognition cameras and DNA
checks
you have many leaguers who are saying
that they're simply being called in
because they exchanged text messages or
shared an email several years ago that
contained religious religious content
and now they're being called into a rage
education camp or being questioned at a
detention camp for that it's very small
action you can wander around some of the
residential neighborhoods where weaker
communities were once concentrated and
find them to be completely deserted
there's no charges no trial people just
sort of disappear into these places for
many months at a time and even longer
megha rajagopal n' has her own story to
tell she is one of the very few foreign
reporters who managed to get into Shin
Jang to report on the situation there
just weeks after her piece was published
by BuzzFeed she was expelled from the
country Chinese officials want to limit
information and imagery coming out of
the region controlling access is central
to their strategy but there are some
cameras they cannot control the ones in
space the satellite photos of the
detention centers featured in the
international media will not be seen on
Chinese television domestic reporters
there are tightly controlled as a Weger
journalist allene say Toph reports on
the story from Washington he is the
director of the u.s. funded Radio Free
Asia 's Weger service it is obviously
impossible for weaker reporters on the
ground there to there any kind of
reporting on this issues because we have
already reported ourselves that no
wigger writers and weaker scholars who
in any way spoken out against China's
repressive policies have been detaining
these camps but for Chinese journalists
this is an extremely sensitive subject
they are required to follow the Chinese
government's align they have to repeat
the same thing so they cannot
independent a report on what is
happening to the legal field so in the
West we expect the press to be
investigative to to show us all the
holes in what is generally a democracy
but in China it's very different there's
this close association between the press
and the government as seen through the
eyes I think of the China Chinese
government I mean you can look at
Chinese history over many many centuries
any time the the center is not strong
you basically make fiefdoms out of you
know different parts of China so they're
determined that their press will not
become something that divides the
country it needs to be something that
unites it
officially it's the People's Republic of
China but the voice that matters more
than any other belongs to President Xi
Jinping President Xi has had no qualms
in telling Chinese journalists and the
news outlets they work for that the
media's ultimate loyalty must be to the
state not the story and Beijing's
interest in what happens in Shenyang
isn't just political it's economic the
state lies in the pathway of the belt
and Road initiative a mammoth
infrastructure and development project
championed by President Xi to create a
vast international trade network
centered around China it's location is
very strategic because it sits between
much of eastern China and the countries
of Central Asia you got you know how you
don't look at the roof of the ocean
should you to waste Yong Guk evanka good
in cooking and ginger is home to about a
fifth of China's total oil reserves it's
also a biggest producer of coal as a
region it's vitally vitally important
from an energy security perspective to
China and this explains this kind of
obsessive desire for stability in that
region what the cost of things like
basic individual rights so as not to
upset its economic development plans
both at home and abroad Xi Jinping has
been president for six years now his
burgeoning power and influence have been
compared to now Zedong's who once said
the role and power of newspapers
consists in their ability to present the
party's lie it's specific policies goals
and work methods to the masses half a
century later in Xinjiang for the media
outlets that spread the word those same
rules still apply
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers Tarek Neff ah Tarek
this past week the German broadcaster
Deutsche Welle confirmed that
allegations of sexual harassment made
against one of its employees had quote
proven credible unquote the network did
not name that employee however this
stories generated a ton of interest what
can you tell us
well Richard it's widely suspected that
that employee of the Egyptian journalist
and TV host Yuri Fuda a faith known to
audiences across Egypt for his coverage
of the 2011 revolution and critical
reporting of the military food of
formerly worked for BBC Arabic and for
this network at Jazeera and later for on
TV in Egypt he left the country and
became the host of a show called The
Fifth Estate on Deutsche Welle in 2016
and that's where the alleged sexual
harassment is said to have taken place
now while do Avella didn't name further
in relation to this case it did confirm
to The Associated Press that he no
longer works for them what have we heard
from fooder himself on this before
Deutsche Welle commented food are posted
on Facebook that the accusations were
baseless slander and later that they
were part of a smear campaign which has
perhaps the reference to where these
allegations originated on the pages of a
pro-government newspaper in Cairo a yo
mr. Beck but since then we've obviously
heard from Deutsche Welle that they
considered the allegations credible and
also from one of the accusers daily ad
Fidel who wrote on Facebook that Fuda
had harassed her at his home in Berlin
in 2016 okay moving on this past week
one of the biggest names in US
publishing Time magazine was bought out
it joins a long list of struggling news
outlets taken over by tech billionaires
from the west coast of the US what's in
the deal so the billionaires in question
are Marc Benioff CEO Salesforce
and his wife Lynne Benioff and the price
they paid was a hundred and ninety
million dollars which is actually a lot
of money for a magazine that reportedly
for subscriptions drop by around twenty
five percent in the last year and as you
said Richard this is part of it
wealthy West Coast patrons throwing
financial lifelines at big legacy media
outlets Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos did that
with the Washington Post in 2013 the
Atlantic and the LA Times have also seen
similar kinds of investments but let's
look at the long term what can these
tech investors bring to help news
outlets that are struggling to adapt to
the digital age the media executives
tend to get very excited about these
kinds of deals and it's easy to see why
they represent a validation of their
journalism the print industry in general
and more importantly they provide an
injection of much-needed cash for the
buyers the the visibility and influence
that comes with owning one of these
historic print publications even if
they're not necessarily great
investments and a more cynical take of
course is that they're just vanity
purchases like buying a football team
but for the news industry the bigger
question is this given the broken
business model can print outlets survive
without these benefactors and the answer
increasingly seems to be no they can't
okay thanks tarick
back to China now about six years ago in
2012 we reported on what was an
undercover defect of Chinese journalism
the rise of investigative news outlets
one of the organizations we looked at
then was the nan Fong Media Group or
Southern Media Group based in the city
of Guangzhou publishing papers like the
southern weekly the southern metropolis
daily and the 21st Century Business
Herald the group had a track record
investing in deeply reported muckraking
journalism that held Communist Party
officials to account and even resulted
in some political and legal reforms
that's not the case now
after a few serious run-ins with the
authorities southern media and its
journalists have come under a kind of
pressure that is severely handicapped
investigative reporting this is just one
case in a landscape that has seen
significant shifts greater state
monitoring and control of media as well
as increased competition and falling
advertising revenues have all had an
impact the listening-posts
Meenakshi Ravi now on the decline of the
southern media groups investigative
reporting efforts and what that says
about journalism in China today
April 2003 the southern metropolis daily
a paper published by the Guangzhou based
Southern Media Group ran a report
entitled death of the detained Swansea
gang the story was about a young
labourer picked up by police for not
carrying his ID 72 hours later he was
dead the official explanation a heart
attack the paper published the results
of the autopsy that revealed the
extensive beatings that had caused
Swansea gangs death fast forward to me
2008 and the earthquake in China's
Sichuan province reporters from the
southern weekly another publication of
the southern media group broke the story
of 40 school construction that
exponentially increased the number of
dead these were stories with real impact
and the kind of journalism the Chinese
rarely got to see it was a charmed time
for news reporters and consumers in the
country the 1990s and 2000's was the
Golden Age of journalism investigative
journalism in China and the prime
example of that golden age is this other
media group this particular media group
has done really well in attracting wide
readership attracting advertising
revenues and becoming one of the prime
examples of high quality reporting that
is also capable making money in China so
for the far two main issues emerged
alongside China's social development in
the 1990s the first was police abuse of
power often resulting in violence or
wrongful convictions
the second was government corruption
southern media group especially southern
weekly had many outstanding journalists
well-versed in the methods of Western
investigative journalism their reports
on these subjects became the benchmark
for Chinese media workers at the time
yoga Amanjit
China's Golden Age of journalism was not
to last as the country approached a
political milestone the 2012 transition
from chairman Wu Jintao to see Jinping
the censors swung back into action and
aggressively for the southern weekly New
Year's Day 2013 marked an unprecedented
in China's media history that here in
its new year's editorial the paper
called on the country's leaders to
adhere to the principles in China's
Constitution as it went to print however
the editorial was pulled by state
censors and replaced with a version in
praise of the party and its newly
anointed leader journalists said the
weekly stage to walk out the first of
its kind in communist China hundreds of
ordinary citizens would later join the
protests in solidarity against the
censors franca Chang was in the newsroom
that day the censors really stepped over
the line so there's so opposes this
whole situation on social media and got
a lot of supporters there were a lot of
protesters outside our headquarter in
Guangzhou supporting us yellow
chrysanthemum symbolizing the death of
press freedom were laid outside the
headquarters of the southern weekly
newspaper in the city of Guangzhou for a
media are covered this incident and they
really showed that this newspaper
because of the saw reputation during
last more than 20 years we've got a lot
of supporters in the society post on
social media and offline the propaganda
department of the Communist Party wants
to exercise tight control over the media
that became very very clear once to
jumping to over and declared which
direction he was taking China the
sailfin group particularly with the
politically incorrect New Year editorial
will have been seen as essentially
mounting a bit of a challenge and that's
simply completely not acceptable and
therefore you will have to be make an
example of so that nobody else would
dare to even think about copying what
you had through 2013 and after the
censorship of the southern media group
was taken to another level
reporters were harassed online content
was ordered to be taken down and
publishing licenses were revoked
the end of 2015 marked a low point the
senior editor and former chairman of
multiple southern media group
publications Shen Hal was sentenced to
four years in prison on what many
observers said were trumped-up extortion
charges Chun ping a deputy editor and
news director at the southern media
group was forced to leave China just
before si Jinping's ascension to power
he has watched from the outside as the
state's grip on media has tightened
ever since the founding of the People's
Republic of China in 1949 there have
been certain boundaries the media are
not able to cross these include certain
political topics ethnic minority rights
national sovereignty the military and
religion the political pressure placed
on the southern media group is part of a
systematic process to control the media
in doing so the party seeks to control
every aspect including its management
the publishing of reports and even whom
journalists can interview pressure is
not necessarily always placed on
individuals but on the industry as a
whole
under this system no media group whether
it's southern media group side Jing pong
PI or eastern Media Group can escape
political pressure however it was never
political pressure alone that pushed the
southern media group into decline
competition from online media resulted
in plummeting ad revenues and stagnating
media salaries many journalists left to
work in business and tech startups
across the country the southern media
groups case isn't an isolated one it's
just one of the most prominent Sun
yat-sen University recently published a
report showing that across the media
landscape the number of investigative
journalists has more than halved since
2011 for those who remain doing
investigative work involves navigating
both the editorial read lines set in
place by Beijing and the changing media
market social media in China is very
popular Weibo and WeChat are very
popular in China so and we when we chat
you could open your own personal account
and some independent journalists just
published their independent
investigation a independent journalist
named the Homs regime she published a
piece about a sexual harassment case at
Sonya's on University in southern China
in it it was hugely popular and
influential and just a few days after
the publication the university just
fired that professor who was involved
well you still have some very good news
media's in China we do see news media
reporting on major corruption cases for
example in the last year the most senior
case a peripheral member who was being
reported was that option jung-tae he
could be reported because he was
somebody that she Jinping wanted to make
an example on and therefore journalist
could report but still in fact and the
fairly tight guardians from the public
and the department Chinese media
landscape and the relationship between
the media the state is written with many
contradictions we're seeing lack of
investigations in some areas but some
investigations and others and things
changing
you're very fluid bases and very quickly
that's why it's called the battlefield
it's not all you know one over it's not
completely controlled or figure it out
given the sheer number of voices in
China's vast journalistic sphere
absolute government control has never
been completely possible
what is undeniable however is that under
siege in thing the Chinese state's
command of the media space has been
consolidated and reinforced with
dramatic repercussions for investigative
work across the country and finally for
all of the faults media critics find in
broadcast journalism it can still
provide a vital service when impending
weather disasters like hurricane
Florence are heading for the eastern US
TV ratings sky
because the up-to-date information those
networks provide can save lives pure and
simple this past week The Weather
Channel rolled out some new mixed
reality technology using
computer-generated imagery CGI to give
viewers in the storm's path an idea of
what kind of flood waters the hurricane
might produce and for context they used
a five-foot two inch anchorwoman as a
measuring stick the clip is as
entertaining as it is informative but
news consumers could use more of this
kind of reporting and less of those
hapless correspondents getting lashed by
wind and rain for the mere sake of being
alive on the scene we'll see you next
time
here at The Listening Post we could be
talking about six to potentially nine
feet of storm surge yet given how that
high tide comes in with that storm but
this is just what it looks like on the
map we can show you what this could look
like if you want to find yourself in
this scenario once that water can get to
three feet you can see it would be
coming at my shins up towards my waist
this could be enough to knock you off
your feet it could even float some parts
that could be parked on the side of the
roadway this is extremely dangerous but
once we get up into that six foot range
look at how high this water bird winds
pick everything up cars will be floating
at this point this water's over my head
I wouldn't be able to stand here even
withstand the force of the water coming
in there might even be dangerous like
chemicals send us both powerlines loking
in the waters but once we get to that
nine
this is an absolute life-threatening
scenario this bladder is through the
first floor of your home into the second
you can see there's fish floating around
in here this is an extremely dangerous
and life-threatening situation so if you
find yourself here please get out if
you're told to go you need to go listen
to these local officials and make sure
you heed the advice that don't reduce
