everyone in journalism knows the name of
seymour hersh when it comes to
investigative reporting the Pulitzer
prize-winning Hersh is a legend over a
career spanning more than five decades
he's broken story after story the meal I
massacre during the Vietnam War the Abu
Ghraib torture scandal during the Iraq
war and in recent years he's done some
pretty controversial reporting on Syria
too he's now written his memoir aptly
called reporter Seymour Hersh thanks for
joining me on upfront
your new book reporter and memoir is the
story of one of the world's most
impressive careers in investigative
journalism your writing
I think it's fair to say has helped to
change history and send people to prison
it's one new lots of awards it's
generated a lot of controversy so which
story that you broke over the past 50
years do you believe was the most
important story the most consequential
story oh I love all my children come on
I can't make the one that put me on the
map was me lie was I'd been in the
business for eight or nine years I'd
been a police reporter in Chicago and
then and yet you write you say that it
didn't really change things you
acknowledge that at the time I had hopes
you know but did I think that the war
would end and everybody declare we're
not going to do this anymore we're not
gonna go and it wouldn't happen on the
basis of even no matter how big the
story you've been in journalism for over
50 years you've now written this memoir
does it frustrate you at all that you
seem to be winding down your career at a
time when the news has never been more
controversial and perhaps there's never
been a greater need for investigative
journalism especially in the United
States I think it's gone to hell now
what you have is if you don't like Trump
you read the New York Times and
Washington Post and what certain cable
shows CNN if you like Trump you watch
Fox News and you read out the paper so
equal that's buying into a trump
narrative Fox News is not the same as
New Times you know Sam still does good
journalism by the way the Fox News
doesn't but the credibility of the New
York Times because it's so hostile to
him maybe legitimately but over the top
I think they've gone way over the top in
terms of like running an anonymous
letter do you believe that Trump is so
hated and so controversial now that he
makes us forget about a lot of the
controversial
stuff that his predecessors did - you're
one of those journalists who did cover
many of the crimes and the cover-ups of
george w bush and barack obama
especially on national security issues
is that all in danger of being forgotten
now in this age of hashtag resistance
and being antitrump of course but I have
to say what I believe doesn't matter
much I mean what the facts are is that
we have walked away from some of the
some of their problems you know 9/11 and
the response to 9/11 was completely
insane the idea that you could fight an
idea by declaring a war on terror and
immediately moving from biddin from bin
Laden looking for him immediately moving
into we're gonna stop Sodom Hussein
because we think he may have bombs and
by the way one of the things I learned
in my all my you know eight hundred
years of doing this stuff because when
the CIA starts saying we have high
confidence high confidence that the W
that there are WMDs remember weapons of
mass destruction in Iraq high confidence
and so when they say again as the
Democrats go out saying we have high
confidence the Russians actually won the
war won the election you know they
intervened and that's why Hillary lost
not because she ran a terrible complain
or she wasn't very likable we lost
because the Russians fixed the election
somehow it's a magical way I'm troubled
by all that I want more facts the
allegations that Russia intervened to
sway the 2016 US presidential election
and Trump and his campaign colluded with
the Russians during that election you're
skeptical of both those claims why I'm
skeptical of the Russia I'm because I
have I've been doing this for as I say
hundreds of years I have sources inside
who are I can't get into who know the
world of signals intelligence and other
things and they're hard they're far from
persuaded your sources are great over
the years we've known you've done broken
some great stories with your sources but
the New York Times The Wall Street
Journal the Washington Post in New York
have some great correspondence I think
you would admit doing this work and
their sources are telling them
differently the intelligence agencies
themselves are saying differently even
the bipartisan Republican led Senate
Intelligence Committee says Russia
intervened in the election so why should
we believe you and your sources versus
all the other evidence that says this
happened and you're asking me for an
opinion I'm giving you an opinion I'm
skeptical of my intelligence agency
totally saved a mother investigation and
indictments the emails from Don Trump
jr. all of that you just don't buy it
you don't think the Russian oh you're
taking me way too far I'm not saying
that I'm saying my experience with with
the community that says we have high
confidence is high confidence to me
sometimes means we really don't know
jack which is fair enough so you could
say that we've they know you've said
you've said in the past that it's
preposterous the ideas that the Russians
got involved in I doubt if I use the
word proof faster okay it's one thing to
be skeptical some might say and people
admire your skeptical journalism one we
need skeptical journalism but let's talk
about Syria which you've been writing
about in recent years and taking a very
different line to a lot of other
reporters who've been writing about
Syria reporters on the ground chemical
weapons experts human rights experts UN
investigators they're in agreement the
Syrian regime has used chemical weapons
against its own people including in
April of 2017 at karna shakuni you on
multiple occasions have argued against
those conclusion the June 2017 you wrote
in the German newspaper welt AM Sonntag
that there was no sarin attack that was
a conventional bombing raid that hit a
cinderblock building controlled by rebel
groups the basement of which contained
quote fertilizers disinfectants and
other goods a lot of chemical weapons
experts and others dispute that they say
you're wrong they say you're basically
pushing a conspiracy theory what's your
response to them I wrote what I wrote
and I'm not backing off it I mean
there's just nothing in the last year
has changed your mind
that's come out no organisation for the
prohibition of chemical weapons produced
a big report basically saying the
opposite of everything you said I
haven't written anything so I wrote for
first story but I was intrigued by the
fact that the OPCW put out two or three
pre ports within a month which is
totally against their it was if almost
they were they were there within two
weeks they put out a report saying we
suspect that sarin was involved which is
totally out of line for all of the
procedures I know people who worked in
that agency I know people who
disenchanted by that because the OPCW
violated its rules it usually takes a
couple months ago you think the OPCW are
wrong about this no Human Rights Watch
Amnesty International the French experts
who studied it Hans Blix who's not
exactly a CIA stooge who says it was
probably an attack by gas by the Syrian
government they're all wrong in
you've got it right it's just you and
your intelligence source if it was one
source I had a transcript conversation
of conversations be seeing somebody very
deeply involved in that operation and
higher headquarters I got it
it was shown to the London Review it's
one of the things that made them
convinced that this was a big story
above beyond the fact that the sources I
used as sources that I've been using for
a long time that had gone through
fact-checking from The New Yorker for 20
years hold on it's not as if I'm just
inventing a new source I have people
I've worked with for many years and
there's a lot of more cooperation with
us and the Russians on intelligence and
it was there was going to be a meeting a
high-level meeting that was targeted
unfortunately it's very secret the fact
that we and the Russians still work
closely together
taking a step back from from the from
the details of this attack a lot of
people were taken aback with the general
approach of your articles even the
London Review of Books which published
your earlier stuff didn't publish the
serious stuff lrb editor Adam Schatz who
you know has done a conversation with
you praised you in the past said and I
quote so depressing to see a reporter
who exposed war crimes in Vietnam in
Iraq
become an apologist for war crimes by
the Assad regime Dooney I can say about
Syria is that we keep on talking about
rebels the rebels are pretty hardcore
very tough people to syria law if they
ever taken bashar understands that if he
loses this war he's gonna be like
mussolini with this sort of cut hanging
from a lamp oh the masks with his wife
and two children next to him he
understands that the his father's regime
his regime is gone Isis or Al nusra
there's another couple of other groups
that are just as bad in terms of no
tolerance for even other other Muslims
will take over which will probably
trigger trouble from from Iran and
Israelis so he's in a war to the end and
he's fighting a war against and the
number of casualties on both sides are
pretty even according to most people's
case I could add the most monitors as
well but I can tell you there's a lot of
studies I've seen that show maybe as he
certainly lost an awful lot of people
chance and they've killed journey the
civilian casualties according to most of
the studies I there are studies that say
it's 35 55 also seen that well let me
know
still alive well on that subject you
said to the independent this summer that
he's fighting quote as close to a just
war as possible no that's the quote
independent knew that should ask them to
correct it because I've stopped giving
her people you agree that it's not a
just war by any my could it be just good
that's the quote I was when I read it
but I think many would argue that Assad
is the cause of the conflict and
committed more credit you disagree but
let me why if civil war starts easier
cause if the dictator is the person who
opens fire on protesters Arab Spring to
2011 I mean this is the problem with you
you do come across as a Assad
sympathizer that's not I caused smear or
attack you see you've met him you said
you liked him you said you thought he
was going in the right direction
do you worry that that may have given
but a slug to your pieces on Syria
are you kidding I've been a reporter for
50 years that I can separate what I
think for what happens and all I'm
saying is in the very beginning from the
very beginning and as you know many of
the initial groups were actually the the
Free Syrian Army was real there were a
lot of people who couldn't stand them he
had failed terribly on human rights he
didn't do enough on human rights they
had a drought in the farm areas he
didn't do enough he didn't deliver on
education I was talking about all of
this there was nothing wonderful he was
not popular among many people
particularly the intellectuals people
were still afraid of him and he was a
despot are you kidding I just don't
think he's particularly any worse than
what goes on any day in Saudi Arabia
when it comes to and they're all sort of
in that same ballpark and I never saw
him as any more of a monster they were
all in this group of people that will
kill kill kill to survive okay just
before we finish you've become over the
decades one of the most famous one of
the most respected one of the most
successful investigative reporters in
the world you are an inspiration to a
lot of journalists myself included were
you surprised at how big a figure you
became over the years did you set out to
become famous when you were a copyboy at
the city news bureau of Chicago in 1959
did you think this is where my career
will end up are you kidding
of course not but but I did understand
after me lied that I was in a different
position and I did understand that what
I said off the top extemporaneously had
more impact
and I did do that I happen to believe I
happen to believe in truth so my truth
about what's going on in Syria may be
different than a lot of people's true
war is it the ugliest miserable thing in
the world and I don't think we ever
claimed to fight at anybody than anybody
else that's all Seymour Hersh will have
to leave it there thank you for joining
me on upfront it was fine
