Lake Victoria became a gravesite on
Thursday afternoon after a ferry
capsized and sank the ferry was
overloaded with more than 400 people on
board when the ferry was coming to a
stop people moved from one side to the
other
and the weight tipped the ferry over
dozens of people have been rescued
recovery efforts halted overnight and
continued at sunrise on Friday two
nearby vessels were diverted to assist
in Quenya core we are here to rescue
people if there's anyone alive with
God's help we'll rescue them as for
those who have died we'll get them out
too for now we're concentrating on the
rescue operation as you can see
specialists have arrived the passenger
ferry sank just a few metres from the
dock in the airway district officials
couldn't pinpoint the exact number of
passengers on board the person
dispensing the tickets drowned and the
Machine recording the data hasn't been
retrieved yet but it's estimated that
there were hundreds of people we asked
that citizens remain calm as the
recovery mission continues we also asked
for more assistance from the Ministry of
Internal Affairs Lake Victoria is
surrounded by Tanzania Kenya and Uganda
some of the deadliest accidents on the
lake have occurred in Tanzania the
country's passenger boats are often old
and dilapidated in 1996 more than 800
people died when a passenger and cargo
ferry sank and in 2011 almost 200 people
died when a ferry capsized near Zanzibar
in that case the boat was overcrowded
Victoria Gaytan B al Jazeera
