they chant against Bashar al-assad the
Syrian president who has survived an
8-year rebellion against his rule the
opposition has been all but defeated all
they have left is their voices no
Constitution no reconstruction until
Assad leaves power that is their demand
it's a message Syrians and villages and
towns across the rebel-controlled
province of Idlib are sending to the
international community we are afraid
this new constitution would not be any
different and it won't be in the favor
of the opposition we are concerned
because some countries are now moving
closer to the regime for weeks there
were fears of a major assault against
the province today there is a sense of
relief following a deal between Russia
and Turkey that will at least for the
time being prevent bombing and
displacement Russia and Iran gave
priority to ties with Turkey over
regaining control of adlib turkey had
warned a government offensive in the
province would be a breaking point in
their alliance but it wasn't just that a
bloodbath would hurt Russia's efforts to
convince the international community to
pay for Syria's reconstruction and
support a political process that
legitimizes Assad's government but the
United Nations says there is still
potential for a lot of fighting in
civilian populated areas Turkey and
Russia didn't say how they plan to
implement a demilitarized zone free of
so-called radical rebels but Yan
Eggland's humanitarian task force was
given some details
it seems Turkey backed rebels could play
a role on the ground what I understand
is that the so-called war on terror is
not called off in the country that will
be in the future air raids against the
listed organizations there will also be
fighting between on groups armed actors
and the so called terrorists the so
called radicals there is and will be
many civilians in these areas
three million Syrians live in Eid Lib
half of them already displaced from
cities and towns under state control for
them reconciling with a government that
has killed so many people is not an
option
they hope the international community
feels the same for now the West has
shown resistance to work with Assad
but many fear a political transition
away from the Syrian leader is no longer
a priority for them
XANA father al jazeera favoured
