this is the man to whom the European
Union is now looking to solve its
migration issue president Sisi of Egypt
it was the surprise development at the
Salzburg summit the idea was driven by
the right-wing Austrian Chancellor
Sebastian Kurtz who visited Sisi last
weekend he's come back full of praise at
how good Egypt is at stopping refugees
from leaving here common vietze foreign
Afeni Abbott's with Egypt we have for
the first time a country in North Africa
that is willing to intensify talks with
the European Union Egypt has proven that
it can be efficient since 2016 it has
managed boats that leave Egypt for
Europe and whenever they have lived it
took them back the thousands of men
women and children who have drowned in
the Mediterranean they're winners to the
total lack of a strategy from the EU
either to help rescue them or to find a
reliable partner in Libya to help
instead Europe now has many leaders
whose biggest priority is to keep asylum
seekers out Egypt Sisi looks to be in
luck the European Union is found in
absolutely impossible to persuade
individual member states to share out
asylum seekers between them but if you
ask those same countries would you pay
somebody else to do it then they all
reach for their wallets in terms the new
European migration plan is to outsource
the whole thing to Egypt and they see no
moral hazard in getting a country with
such a poor human rights record to do it
lastly you if it means that Egypt's will
run migrant detention centers or whether
asylum claims for Europe will in future
be done in Cairo and they say it's still
early days but more summits focusing on
Egypt are being planned for December and
February indeed if it is the case that
there's good migration management that
seems to be the case well and good but
that does not mean that it's
automatically the solution for Libya
where there's a very very completely
different set of circumstances different
issues of governance in fact almost no
government in many cases if there was
unity about the need to keep asylum
seekers out there was just as much on
trying to stop the UK from leaving the
EU or at least to continued
that rejection of the British Prime
Minister's proposed plan
she now has under a month to come up
with something new
Lawrence Lee al Jazeera Salzburg
