international pressure also growing
online Rahila what are you saying
welcome all pressure is mounting on
Saudi Arabia following the killing of
journalist Jamal khashoggi rice groups
are now highlighting what they say our
other violations the kingdom has
committed sucked the war coalition want
justice and accountability but also an
end to Saudi arm sales at the top of the
list for Amnesty International is Yemen
anestis says despite the war there
countries like the u.s. the UK and
France continued to make lucrative arms
deals with the Saudis the campaign
against arms trade says that it
shouldn't take the disappearance of a
journalist for the UK to reconsider its
relationship with Saudi Arabia the
impact that UK made weapons are having
on the war in Yemen is truly devastating
right now UK made fighter jets flying
over Yemen we're dropping UK mid bombs
and firing new key made missiles and
results have created the worst
humanitarian crisis in the world today
and the UK has been utterly complicit in
that right from the start the UK
government must end the arms sales and
end a support for this terrible war as
long as weapons are being poured into
war zones they're only going to get
worse it needs to be a political
solution there can't be more bombs and
the US Democratic senator Bernie Sanders
wrote an opinion piece in The New York
Times this is also getting a lot of
attention right now he calls on the US
government to redefine its relationship
with Saudi Arabia and wants Congress to
reassert its authority over matters of
war while Yemen has been torn apart by
conflict since 2015 when Saudi Arabia
launched an air campaign against the
Houthi rebels Saudi UAE coalition has
carried out more than 16,000 raids in
the country millions have been forced
from their homes and more than 10,000
people have been killed in the fighting
the UN is warning of widespread famine
with half the population now relying on
humanitarian aid well we have been
talking to people there and this is what
armored told us about what life is like
I forget sleeping at night I don't want
to be killed by Saudi air strikes while
I am sleeping and most of the enemies do
the same
i omit people who don't have anything to
eat and they don't have a place for
their children to sleep they are
difficult to find clean water oil patrol
gas everything I start and closing my
control because we are living all the
day entities have having no idea when
all this will end do you want to get
your thoughts on the story so do get in
touch with us
use the hashtag agent news grid or you
kind of simply message me directly I'm
at Rahila Mahmoud
