intense and vibrant Ashura in the Iraqi
city of Kabul
but crowds which used to pack the shrine
of imam hussein are smaller because
thousands of Iranians can't afford to be
here as the chapul aren t air we came to
Iraq because we love to visit the holy
shrines but the economic crunch means
many Iranians caught forward to visit
Karbala on assure a day Iranian Russia o
worshipers usually travel to Karbala at
this time of year but Iran's been hit by
US sanctions since August the value of
its currency the rial has plunged for
the rainy ins getting to Karbala is
expensive now and for some even the
price of a hotel room is simply too much
the hotel business in Karbala in
previous years was booming now we can
only make ends meet last year we had
more than 270 big Iranian religious
groups staying at my hotel alone now
there are just seven small groups from
the economic point of view the u.s.
economic sanctions on Iran have really
affected Iraq's religious tourism when
Iranians come to my shop to buy
souvenirs most of them can't pay Ashura
is marked by prayers processions and
food handed out at stores like this one
all over Iraq it's held on the tenth day
of the holy month of Muharram and it
marks the death of imam hussain one of
the grandsons of prophet muhammad and
who many shia muslims revered as the
third imam he died 1300 years ago in a
battle where the city of Karbala now
stands
a year ago Iran's currency was in good
shape now we have financial problems but
rainy ins will strive to come here
during the holy month of Muharram
for Shia Muslims Ashura is a time of
reflection and remembrance
many Iranian worshipers may also
remember this year's insured as a time
of financial hardship Rob Matheson al
Jazeera Baghdad
