frolla Singh sits on the German side of
the Austrian border population 17,000
nothing much ever happens or at least it
didn't until the great exodus of 2015
when 2,000 people a day were crossing
the bridge which is the border now that
bridge is quiet an average of two
migrants a day make the crossing but the
Austrians would like to make it zero the
whole Austrian plan calls for the
Schengen free movement zone inside
Europe to be maintained by forcing
people who want to claim asylum to do it
before they enter the European Union the
logic of that says that people might
have to ask a country they're trying to
escape from to help them become a
refugee the Austrians released a
briefing document in which they said
that some single male migrants were
characterized by anti-freedom or
backward-looking religious attitudes the
whole thing is straight out of the
PlayBook of the populist far-right that
also plays very well in small towns like
Frey Lessing okay or the Nubian
virtually it would be wise if countries
like Libya and Turkey where they are
received first had reception centres
it's smarter to help those countries
register them none of which is to say
that this place is unfriendly ashiya who
fled somalia three years ago he's being
looked after by locals his journey took
him through Libya could he really have
asked for asylum in Germany while he was
a 16 year old in North Africa he's
finishing a few fairly sharp we feel it
would be really dangerous once you're
out of your country nobody does anything
for you and you can't go back it's just
a whole lot of problems and trouble as
it stands the migrant reception center
in Frey lashing has nothing to do
because there are no migrants while over
the border Austria has gravitated
entirely to the points of view of
governments like those in Hungary and
Italy which despise any migration with
populist parties on the March before
European elections next year
the Austrian presidency seems to be
validating the most hardline views
Lawrence Lee al Jazeera Fri lasting
