hi affirming okay today a check-in on
three stories that were full ring here
on the stream what happened when Kim met
moon we will find out then do you know
the truth behind how Western museums got
many of their artifacts and we're also
going to meet someone who can tell you
and Willie could be loud I'll be looking
for your comments on Twitter and of
course in our YouTube chat first though
to Libya take a look at this
so what you've just been looking at was
a video from a detention center for
refugees and migrants in the Libyan
capital Tripoli it was sent to
journalist Sally Hayden by one of the
people being held there
Sally Hayden is with us today from
London to tell us more and we're also
joined by Ibrahim Yunus he works from
medicine so frontier and as the head of
their Libya mission he's with us from
Tunis Sally and Ibrahim it's good to
have you Sally I'm gonna go straight to
my laptop for people who haven't seen
your Twitter thread the one that's got
so much attention it starts for the last
24 hours
I've been texting and calling with
refugees in Libya 500 are apparently
struck in a Tripoli prison without food
and water after heavy fighting broke out
two days ago they say their guards run
away leaving them alone that just by
itself is striking but the reaction to
the compiled Twitter feed that you put
together what was it I mean yeah so
essentially what happened was 26th of
August I got the first message from this
group of people who said that they were
refugees trapped in a detention center
and obviously it took me about 24 hours
to kind of verify they were who they
said they were and that's when I started
tweeting this they were just begging for
help they were begging for someone to
help them they got sent back by the EU
by the EU funded Coast Guard anyway to
Libya after the EU essentially said it
was a safe country to return people to
they were meant to be under the
protection of the UN and instead were
just abandoned in the middle of a war
zone without food or water and and
couldn't do anything so yeah they
appealed to me in house and I tweeted it
I didn't know what else to do I pitched
a story but I also tweeted it and at
this stage it's been viewed more than
two million times and and thankfully
people are paying attention but this
isn't a new problem the fighting is new
but the issue isn't new like tens of
thousands of people have been locked up
indefinitely in Libya because of EU
policy and this is the result of that
definitely not new and and Sally of
course are people who cover
this story they will know the answer to
this question I'm about to share with
you on Twitter but for some of our
community members they don't
this is Edward he says they have so they
have no food but they have phones and
Internet can you explain for our
audience how it is that they manage to
use those phones that they do have and
use whatsapp to get in touch with you
and then how you were able to verify
their stories yeah sure I mean that was
what I was very confused to buy it at
first as well I was kind of going I'm in
North London getting master's from
someone who says there in Libya how is
this possible and they explained to me
essentially they had tried to get to
Italy to escape to Italy and the
smuggler gives them a phone to contact
the Coast Guard's there and Italian
Coast Guard who were supposed to rescue
them and instead they got returned but
they managed to hide that phone and what
they say is the phone is their lifeline
like they have no other way to tell
anyone what's happening they guard it
with their life and they charge it in
secret they're getting somebody else
didn't they be asked to top it off and
yeah I was confused by that too but
actually it makes sense like how can you
survive without communication and
they're very worried that the phones
could get taken away from them and
they'll just be abandoned again nobody
will know what's happening ibrahim let
me bring you into the conversation here
this idea of being registered if you're
stuck in libya is so critical for the
refugees the migrants themselves sally
here shares this idea and this comment
I'm still getting constant messages from
refugees desperate to be registered all
they want is their name on a list simply
so there's some proof they exist Abraham
why is it so difficult
it was quite hello first when the
interceptions takes place by little by
the Libyan Coast Guard people were
brought back to Libya and directly from
the port to these detention centers and
of course it's arbitrary detained that
the registration mechanism Olivia is
quite slow because the number of
refugees collectively around Tripoli
till just before the 26th is was above
5,000
distributed in four away between seven
to eight detention centers and the
capacity to reduce that everybody timely
was quite slow and also when you come to
refugee status determination and all
that that takes a long long process and
a long interviews so most of these
people were not registered and they were
worried that they can also disappear
from this decision centers either being
sent away or transferred to somewhere
else or being being sent back to the
trafficker side so people are much much
concerned about their life well beings
and they wanted to to be registered
you know Ibrahim when you talk about the
traffickers that is a topic of concern
among many people particularly aid
people of course this is a video comment
I want to share with you this is remote
man Bill Basie he's the chief of mission
for the international organization of
migrants and he's in Libya here's what
he says lady you do that it is the
economic security and political
developments in the country the
situation became more challenging for
the migrants
if we want to talk about specific issues
migrants face first I would like to
speak about arbitrary detention so
migrants are being detained without new
procedures the second is migrants are
being criminalized while the smugglers
are free while - are being detained for
a regular entry very limited number of
smugglers are being tracked and
prosecuted and the third is that all
migrant students return to the Libyan
Shores by the Libyan Coast Guard's
automatically have transferred to
detention centers so brahim he says that
migrants are facing and refugees are
facing consequences that smugglers don't
that's true that's that's very true and
I concur with my colleague of smaug we
know each other very well
the system that there is no registration
there is no it's very arbitrary detained
of course that's criminals Asian of just
people trying to seek refuge playing
countries of war myself II for me it's
it's a big mistake in terms of
traffickers and smugglers
it's part as you know Libya is now
probably passing through a tough time
politically the law and order
enforcement is not in place so and most
of these rings and trafficking rings is
also so much linked to militias so the
fact that there is no law and order to
control that so in the victims with more
fall on the refugees and migrants I'm
gonna leave this segment and you Ibrahim
a new salad with some audio that was
sent to Sally earlier on today from an
Eritrean man who is in detention right
now I think it really focuses our minds
on what is going on in Libya have a
listen either I'm sending this message
straight out from a detention center in
Tripoli we are like in this place like
410 refugees we are asking for your help
most of us are a tree and we have like
it pregnant and more than 20 children's
and there are many underage even this
place no food no water
we are not rich there for seven months
there is the war around us for three
weeks we are asking for the world to
help us again and again but no change
until now please we need any vocation as
much as you can and we are not
registered still asking the world for
help unfortunately that's all the time
we have for this conversation today but
you can continue to follow Sally's
reporting on twitter at sally h ayd now
from Libya we head to the Koreas turn
jingim non-han bandura Langevin honors
commando to new user john demolition on
modern human objective all obvious
only eason vanity yolks are only 100
here each asana pep tweezer Holika g
arundo only comes on Oh young gooey and
beauty of my South Korean president moon
jae-in has just finished a historic
three-day trip to Pyongyang for talks
with his North Korean counterpart kim
jongwan immunes visit is only the third
for a sitting South Korean president
since the division of the Korean
Peninsula and comes as nuclear
disarmament negotiations between North
Korea and the u.s. have stuttered to a
halt so is there a approachment between
the neighbors in danger or just getting
started joining us to debrief the stream
on what happened when Kim met moon
Kristin arm is the founder and
international coordinator of women Cross
DMZ Angelli town is a research and that
analyst and managing editor at the
Stimson Center hello ladies good to have
you here good to have you back again
Christine so where are we now in terms
of the mood of the Korean people how do
you describe it now I mean it's
extraordinary I've received messages
from my my allies my partners in South
Korea the women's peace organizations as
well as North Koreans especially you
know including a friend that is a
defector here in the United States and
everybody is very void they are inspired
I mean I was moved to tears watching
president moon address 150,000 North
Korean people who stood on their feets
throughout the entire speech waving and
cheering I think that we are in a new
era for the Korean Peninsula and we have
commitments from both leaders to not
only remove the threat of nuclear
weapons from Korea but also the the
threat of war and I think that their
commitment to move forward in actionable
ways from demining the DMZ to setting up
a reunion center for separated families
just tangible things that are really
moving progress between the two koreas
pristine there's someone who might agree
with you on Twitter this is Mona who
says it is a breakthrough however they
need to be given time the world won for
North Korea to quickly denuclearize but
I guess they will do that in their own
time and plate pace at least they are
opening up Jenny I'm wondering if you
feel similarly do you see this as a
breakthrough I think it is a
breakthrough in the inter-korean
relationship and the problem is is that
there is now a lot of things on the
agenda that will require cooperation
from the United States in order to
really move forward and make good on
some of the promises that have been made
and I think this is where we run into
problems is that you know South Korea is
moving forward at a pace much faster
than what the US government is
comfortable with and I think there's
already some misinterpretations and
misunderstandings of what happened at
the summit as it relates to us DPRK
negotiations on denuclearization and
these misperceptions are really going to
cause problems in the future because it
does create false expectations of what
those next steps actually are and I
think these are the things that really
need to get hashed out now between the
u.s. and and and North Korea directly
Christine well I think that North Korea
has signaled that they would dismantle
two key sites one is the long-range
missile launch pad and then the other is
the young via nuclear reactor which have
long been the ire of Washington DC but
what we know is that North Korea has
said that that is contingent upon
progress made with the United States I
mean you can see the images of Libya and
the political chaos that that country is
in you see the situation what happened
in Iraq and now what happened with Iran
and North Korea also has its own history
to look at where 80 percent of the
country was devastated by an
indiscriminate US bombing campaign so I
think it's really crucial I think
especially for Americans who are
watching the show
you're not going to see the
denuclearization of North Korea unless
there is progress towards peace and
that's why I think it's urgent right now
to be advancing the conversation about a
peace treaty and put it on the table
well sure they you know I go ahead
Dunham's a just a little bit and I think
this is where we need to be very careful
and we're precision matters is because
what North Korea did in the Declaration
is it did promise to and commit to
dismantle the launch pad at Sohae which
has been used for satellite launches in
the past but they did not commit to
shutting down Young Gun they used it as
an example and they basically reiterated
that this is a process that can move
forward and on an action for action
basis and use shutting down Young Gun as
an example and the problem is is that
you know Secretary Pompeo it has already
sort of claimed this as a victory of
North Korea committed to do this and
that's simply not true and you know as
much as it's great that there's renewed
enthusiasm for negotiations going
forward if we don't have a clear
understanding of what has been committed
in order to measure progress we're going
to have a lot of frustrations early on
and I think it needs to be we need to be
very careful as to what has actually
happened what's on the table what still
needs to be negotiated before you know
we get too far ahead of ourselves and
people get really frustrated well I mean
I I don't disagree with that I just
think that it's important to make the
case that having face-to-face meetings
and dialogue an actual diplomatic peace
process is what is going to yield the
breakthroughs that we see between North
Korea and South Korea and unfortunately
we don't know what the states the United
States is because we see many competing
messages coming from the Bolton camp or
some from the more Pro engagement camp
within the Trump administration and so I
think that's where we have to really say
that the policy of maximum pressure
which has just been about punishing
sanctions which have not obviously
impacted the regime or stop North Korea
from advancing their nuclear weapons
program has totally failed and what we
need right now more than ever is
diplomacy and dialogue and meeting
to face and I my I think the majority of
Koreans around the world would say let's
begin by declaring an end to this war so
that there could actually have some
movement between the u.s. is the perfect
place to pause this conversation I hear
what you're saying in here you Jenny as
well I think our community would agree
we're going to pause this here for now
though thank you - Christine antigen II
and our community for being with us on
the stream again seven from the Koreas
we head to London
is absolutely not the case that
everything in the museum's African
collections was plundered or or looted
or whatever phrase you want to use but
obviously there are certain
circumstances or certain events that
happen and certain examples like the
Benin bonzers where that material
wouldn't have come into the collection
in that in the same way today well
there's a euphemism wouldn't have come
into the collection in the same way now
of course it's not just the Benin
bronzes that have ended up in western
museums under questionable circumstances
Ethiopia's Magdala treasures the Elgin
marbles and many more artifacts are at
the center of often very nasty disputes
between Western museums and the
countries that they've been taken from
today we're gonna meet a woman who has
come up with a novel way to confront the
often uncomfortable stories behind some
of the world's most prized exhibits
Alice Proctor welcome to the stream so
excited to have you on after seeing your
work I want to start with our community
who love this topic mostly because they
come from countries that want their
artifacts back so this is one person
coming out of Nigeria he writes in
things that they have in their museums
are that are looted they should explain
how they got them but they never do they
just put them there with little or no
details to say where they were looted
from Britain still has 99.9% of the
things that belong to my ancestors my
own in exact scientific presented there
but how did you come up with this idea
so I've been running these to us for a
year now and when I started them they
came from a place of frustration I had
studied history at University and I was
surrounded by people all the time who
worked in museums and art galleries but
didn't necessarily want to have these
conversations so I have a background in
museum education I had the information
that I needed to do this work and I just
started running the tours to see what
would happen so when they first friend
they were secret the galleries have no
idea that we were running them at all
I'm still not working for the museum's I
do this independently yeah so it was a
way of bringing the information that I
had and appealing to an audience
Nuwas there so these are uncomfortable
art tours not not my description your
your description what is on an
uncomfortable art tour give us a little
show and tell we're gonna show and
you're gonna tell it's a number one go
ahead
Alice Ripley on screen there you go oh
okay this is a painting of a man called
William Fielding this is in the
collection of the National Gallery
fielding was one of the first British
tourists to travel with the East India
Company in the 1630s so this is at a
time when Britain is expanding its
colonial power it's creating the trade
networks that will become the routes to
Imperial control over India and large
parts of South Asia and fielding travels
with the company as a tourist he goes
and comes back and dresses up so this is
kind of a 17th century cultural
appropriation in the way that he's
dressed in this painting he's wearing a
combination of European clothing and the
silk jacket and trousers that he's
brought back from India with him he has
a servant accompanying him in this
painting we know that two servants
travel from India back to England with
fielding we don't know their names
we don't know anything about them but
one of them's been included in this
painting presumably as part of an
illustration of his well-traveled nurse
his power these connections and these
influences that he is now performing
back in Britain so I want to share this
thought from Andrew who takes it from an
interview with you Andrew says she says
there's always one side of the story
that has been privileged over the other
so his question is their ongoing efforts
to interact with people on the other
side of the story and get to know how
they feel being quote/unquote robbed by
Europeans for many years I want to use
that to pivot to a question for you
Alice and what do museum officials think
of this
do they ever talk to you about
incorporating this into some of their
own tours so there are certainly some
institutions that are more receptive to
this than others and to be clear there
are plenty of museums that do work with
the dispossessed communities to discuss
the
way of displaying these objects and to
begin negotiations to water repatriation
most museums aren't doing that and most
museums that I guide in don't actually
work with me they make it very clear
that I'm unauthorized I don't
participate in that at all I just want
to make sure that people understand what
you're doing you you kind it's kind of
sneaky so you're going and one of the
August museums in the United Kingdom in
London and you're having your own secret
tour that's going on that's not official
and you're telling people you're your
truth as you see it the sort of let's
get down to basics the reality behind
the pictures and colonialism and the
Empire etc so it just reminds me of a
scene from Black Panther the museum is
broken into and then an artifact is
taken out and you know that belongs to
what Condor
you're kind of doing that I I try and
use the space of the museum to create an
area where we can have these
conversations it's so much more powerful
to talk about dispossession to talk
about representation in front of the
objects and to think through the ways
that they've been manipulated by the
institution the fact that they have
multiple meanings for different people
and every individual who comes into that
space will see something different and
will engage with that story in a
different way so yeah they are
essentially sneaky to us although the
museums do know about me now obviously
and they definitely know about you now
this cover we got in live from Fiona on
YouTube who says return the ancestral
artifacts they're worth millions so
who's speaking of that tell us about one
more those white cups that we just saw
in our screen about a minute ago what
are those so that is the wine cup of
shah jahan the Mughal emperor and these
are slightly trickier objects because
they're an antique when they're required
by the British so this cup dates from as
you can see on the screen 1657 and it's
acquired by the british circuit 1857 so
some of your viewers might know that
that's the date of what either referred
to
the first Indian war of independence or
the Sepoy Rebellion depending what side
you're on it's a moment of enormous
conflict that transforms the history of
the British in India and is one of the
key moments that leads towards the end
of the East India Company and the
creation of the Queen Victoria as the
Empress of India okay so those cuts are
acquired by someone working for the East
India Company in very very dubious
circumstances and they come to the UK
and they fire in this collection Alice
oh my goodness next I'm in London I'm
signing up for a secret tour Alice thank
you so much look here on my website on
my laptop here and you will see Alice's
work on a whole website it's the
exhibitionist dot orc and a reminder to
our community if you have a story you'd
like to see on the stream catch us at AJ
stream we'll see you next time
