today
the last time Mary Jean Papa dog spoke
to your father was two months ago
now she wishes she hadn't left it so
long before getting in touch again and
Ruettiger pong was buried in a landslide
we need to go on in banget province on
Saturday when I went up and glanced at
the corpse I recognized him by his
favorite sweatshirt that I had given him
I'm just glad he was in one piece and
wearing my gift Anjou was among more
than 13 miners who took shelter in a
bunkhouse when super typhoon Moncada
struck a village was destroyed when the
storm triggered the landslide recovery
operations are underway but they are
proving extremely difficult especially
in the region where infrastructure has
always been a major challenge decades of
unrestrained mining has made many areas
of his mountain range precarious and
dangerous despite government warnings
illegal mining is rampant here the
Department of Environment has ordered
the temporary suspension of all such
operations in the region and local
officials are promising to be more
strict with their monitoring but the
bigger question now is whether this
disaster is actually going to change
anything because tragic as it may seem
disasters like this one has been
commonplace in the country of grinding
poverty this is why many people here are
calling on the national government to
act with political will and to find a
long-term solution on the problem of
illegal small-scale mining operations
otherwise this is just going to be part
of a long and endless cycle of poverty
and devastation for every disaster a
story of courage bring herbal design was
one of the first to join the rescue
teams
he ended up being trapped in mud and
floodwaters but he says he has no
regrets about trying to help
when I was called in to help I didn't
hesitate there was no doubt in my heart
I knew I was going over there to rescue
people and every would have been able to
forgive myself if I just sat there and
did nothing while people were fighting
for their lives many of the miners had
travelled long distances to work here
all for a chance at a better life
risking so much for very little in
return for each body pulled out here a
dream is shattered Jamel Allen Logan
al-jazeera it took on banget province
northern Philippines
