is demote from turning national security
into a business the u.s. president says
he consider permanent military presence
in Poland as long as Warsaw pays so is
Trump willing to sell his country's
military services and what are the
strategic risks this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program Ahmad
Abdul Hamid fort Trump this was the name
Poland suggested for a new US military
base on its soil and it's willing to
fork out more than two billion dollars
for the project during an official visit
to Washington Poland's president and J
Duda told Donald Trump that stationing
us boots on the ground will defend
Poland against Russian aggression Trump
says the US has been protecting rich
countries for years and these countries
Poland included should pay for security
he's calling it burden sharing when
we're defending immensely wealthy
countries and they're not paying for the
defense to the United States they're
only taking advantage of us and we are
in discussions with numerous countries
all of whom you know about payment
payment when a country is very wealthy
and when the United States has been
protecting them for many years at
tremendous cost cost like nobody in this
room would believe it's time that they
help with we call it burden sharing the
president I set out very much like for
us to set up a permanent American base
in Poland which we would call Fort Trump
and I firmly believe that this is
possible I'm convinced that such a
decision lies both in the Polish
interest as well as in the interest of
the United States the US has the
strongest military presence worldwide
almost 800 bases in 70 countries the red
dots on the map showed the areas where
the US has the greatest military
presence the largest number of troops
are in Germany Japan and South Korea the
US says it pays billions of dollars for
these bases but military experts say the
Pentagon receives benefits from the host
countries this includes rent-free real
estate payment for salaries and
utilities to offset u.s. costs
okay so let's bring in our panelists
joining us from Birmingham Scott Lucas
professor of American Studies at the
University of Birmingham in Washington
DC David DeRose associate professor at
National Defense University and a former
Pentagon official and from Bristol
gurgler Furman Research Fellow in
international security at Warwick
University welcome to the program GERD
let me start with you
president Duda yesterday at the White
House was saying that this base is
really needed to counter Russian
aggression or expansionism but in
reality Poland has wanted this base for
a very long time I think it is a
long-standing you know strategic aim of
the Polish government to secure a
permanent American military presence as
a strategic reassurance as a deterrent
against Russia but multiple political as
well as strategical obstacles stand in
the way not the least of which is the
nato-russia Act of 1997 which prohibits
the permanent stationing of substantial
combat troops in Eastern Europe this is
where we have a rotational presence of
battalions that by Germany the US Canada
and the UK in the Baltic States an
important at the moment and of course
the Pentagon has looked into these
issues over the summer and they have
calculated that it would be vastly more
expensive to relocate these troops from
Germany or from the US then what Poland
is currently offering so I don't really
see how calling it Fort Trump is
changing the strategic equation here
well David we're just talking about
costs here now President Trump has said
okay we can open that base but you will
have to foot the bill one gets a bit the
impression that the US military is
becoming an institution for rent well
look the first often the these terms are
ambiguous and they mean different things
I think when the president says it then
when others use it the the fact of the
matter is the United States military is
just not structured in a way where it
sense for us to put you know like an
armored Brigade forward in Poland it's
better for us to have those forces in
Germany what the poles want is what we
have in Germany to move to Poland they
want schools they want families they
want this huge infrastructure basically
little America that that is built up
over 50 years in Germany that is
mind-bogglingly expensive and it's not
strategically very bright because it's a
little bit too close so I think what
we're going to see is an acceleration
what we've already got which is a
rotational presence probably an
enhancement of infrastructure and we'll
probably call that you know whatever we
want to call it that but it's not going
to there's not going to be a permanent
presence of armoured brigades in Poland
so Scott Poland has already a NATO base
there why not just simply beef up that
base if there's such a concern for its
own security and if it considers Russia
such a threat why do you need ever
separate you as military base well first
of all is Gerhard referred to this has
been a long term polish ambition to
establish a permanent US presence the
idea that especially in these uncertain
times the Americans won't up and leave
secondly I think the poles are playing a
little bit of a game visa V Germany they
know that the truant that trump doesn't
like the Germans they know how
antagonist ik he's been so it's sort of
without necessarily getting a full
permanent base deployed at least a tilt
which is that we're on the front line
Poland takes priority within NATO but I
think as David pointed out I think all
of this is blowing smoke in that went I
think that in terms of both strategic
considerations and financial
considerations no one else within NATO
wants to do this I think no one else
within the American establishment more
importantly apart from Donald Trump who
for reasons of ego thinks it's a great
idea the Pentagon certainly doesn't want
it so I think in fact you know the polls
are playing in a little bit of
gamesmanship here I think even they
realize they won't get a permanent US
base but if they get more rotational
troops in if they get a bit more
infrastructure then they get a little
bit of a win out of
so David what's the thinking at the
Pentagon at the moment because very
difficult to understand what is a
president's Trump doctrine when it comes
to the military all we hear about is
money as other countries having to pay
or to increase their their share in all
of that but what else is there
well the animating principle of the
services and the bureaucracy at the
Pentagon is unchanged regardless of
administration and that's to advance
American security interests at the
lowest cost in conjunction with their
allies
there's not really a trump doctrine but
there are a few animating principles the
first is there's a conviction that the
United States has been shouldering too
much of the burden and that our allies
who are always happy to criticize us
aren't doing enough to contribute to
their own defense so you look at things
like only five German fighters being in
a state to fly no German submarines
that's that's one thing that animates
Trump the second thing that animates him
is a desire to distance himself from the
Obama administration and from other
administration's whom he feels were
insufficiently vigilant in guarding
American interests and Poland is a
particular flash point for this because
one of the first acts the Obama
administration did upon taking over was
to cancel a very very well-thought-out
air defense interceptor system that was
to go into Poland and Czechoslovakia
that both countries had agreed to accept
at some considerable risk and then the
Obama administration said no and you
know you have the famous reset and then
it was viewed that there was sort of a
by Trump that there was not a robust
enough response to various Russian
predations exercises the annexation of
Crimea et cetera the third thing is
economic look the United States
government is in a period in which the
military in particular and I think the
people around Trump do believe this the
military has been deployed on these
endless wars overseas by both Republican
and Democratic presidents that haven't
done anything to advance our security
interests that we need to focus on
rebuilding and repositioning to deal
with our true adversaries which are you
know are near pure adversaries China
Russia
and try to get somebody else or come to
some solution for these endless
middle-east Wars well Derek in your view
what are the risks of this Trump
doctrine or policy I think you know
what's already been said here Trump
seems to have a fundamentally different
calculation of what is American grand
strategy which was traditionally
understood as a form of liberal hegemony
so America is investing in investing in
alliances and partnerships to underwrite
a liberal international rules-based
order support for democracy support for
free trade support for allies and
partners in terms of deterrence and
Trump wants to move into a world which
is completely based on trends actual
Asians alone so if you want to have
nature protection if you want American
military protection and pay for it in
forms of you know higher defense budget
international trade free trade comes at
the expense of the United States what we
see is a really a foreign security
policy that is much more informed by
realpolitik thinking balance of power
zero sum game calculations and that is
quite a radical departure from the last
70 years of post-world War American
foreign policy and Trump seems to really
I intended on up ending in upsetting and
disrupting this pre-existing system of
which the United States was presiding
over Scott so the polls say we need
protection we need a guarantor in our
soil because of Russian aggression but
somehow this thinking is a bit flawed
because at a certain point Moscow is no
it's just gonna sit there and watch the
more the u.s. goes eastward the more
Russia will try to go westwards I mean
that's certainly the opinion of many
NATO countries not just you know over
this immediate incident but for some
time and that is we have seen for
example the Russian reaction in terms of
the war with Georgia in 2008 when they
felt NATO was getting too close we saw
what the Russian reaction was when they
felt they were losing position in
Ukraine
and counter-attacking and taking crimea
so the idea that you put a permanent
base in Poland could actually at least
is seen by many NATO countries as being
antagonistic but I think to throw
something in for your other two guests
and where I slightly disagree
I don't think Trump acknowledges any of
this and I don't think Trump actually
understands any of the military
dimension here remember his own advisors
Rex Tillerson HR McMaster have called
him a moron in an idiot I think there
are two things at play here for Trump
one is he likes the idea that it would
be called for Trump because it has his
name in it and - he has the view that
other countries were ripping the u.s.
off or they're giving them money and
Poland played to that by saying look
we'll put two billion into constructing
this and those rather simple notions
when you put them up against the
calculations you've just asked about how
will the Russians react what will happen
to NATO's strength and strategy over the
next decade
you've got a big divide now between the
Pentagon and the man who's in the White
House well David you touched on that
divide a little bit earlier but I mean
it's a bit mind-boggling I would say
okay so if the u.s. opens a base in
Poland paid by the Polish government who
calls the shots there I mean at the
certain and how is that in the benefit
of the u.s. national interest because it
will ruffle the feathers of Russia
wouldn't it well I don't think it's it's
ruffling the feathers of Russia I think
is is not something that should be a
deterministic factor in American defense
policy the Russians view any presence in
the former Soviet Union or Warsaw Pact
as ruffling their feathers so the Baltic
countries are members of NATO may I just
interrupt it it was an agreement between
the US and Russia not to put bases in
places like Ukraine and Poland permanent
bases yet well yes Ukraine definitely no
permanent bases I don't think there'll
be a permanent base I think that it will
be rotational even two billion dollars
really underestimates how expensive US
military presence is but there's a
bigger issue which is you know the
pentagon phrase is we're out of Schlitz
we don't have enough armored brigades to
move them forward in Poland and if their
forward in Poland on a permanent basis
there just isn't enough flexibility to
to move them to other places where they
might need to go
you know we'd have to pull a brigade
either out of the United States or we'd
have to move a brigade from Germany and
both of those moves are self-defeating
so even if you can pay for all the
infrastructure that Poland wants and two
billion dollars will not come close to
covering it
the United States government won't find
the budget to make make up for that and
just in terms of the armored units that
would have to move the army units that
would have to we just don't have those
and it's not a good use of the forces
that we have so really this is this is
more about as your previous guest said
about appealing to Trump's vanity and it
is about a long-standing Polish desire
you know Poland looks at the European
members of NATO and sees the European
Union which they think takes polish
considerations you know in an offhanded
and Cavalier manner that's really what's
at the basis of this Polish and security
okay well Garak also president Trump
keeps on talking about burden-sharing
that the u.s. is paying the lion share
of NATO which is true but it's the
argument also has the other side that
you have countries like Japan you have
countries like Germany who do pay the
who do help financially in a way or
another the US military
so that idea that they have to hit that
2% of GDP threshold is is a bit of a
flawed way I mean it's he's trying to
appeal more to his own constituency than
reflecting the reality no I think I mean
American complains about you know
Europeans not shouldering their weight
about the European dependence and in
defense matters in the NATO alliance a
long-standing we can go you know all the
way back to the Kennedy administration
to Jimmy Carter in the 1970s and Trump
does have a point many European
countries Germany first and foremost
have you know let their Armed Forces
fall
to a state of disrepair essentially I
mean look at the state of the German
armed force is not a single submarine
operational at the end of last year to
outfit a single battalion to go to
Lithonia on a rotational basis in
essentially the entire rest of the army
needs to be scavenged for parts so and I
think this this pressure partly because
of trumps so vehemently reiterating that
has already led to some results we see
the European Union with a new defense
initiative going back to Macomb we see a
Germany discussing allow the defense
budget so I think one of the results of
the Trump administration will be a more
military capable Europe both in terms of
a European pillar within NATO but also
in terms of a more independently capable
European Union which ironically will
further undermine in a way America's
leadership position David if this really
goes ahead I mean we you are saying that
they won't be a permanent base but there
will be some sort of presence right in
Poland isn't there a risk that the
message around the world is that anyone
has a little bit of money and some
concern can just go and knock at the
door of the White House and say look
I'll pay you but please come and put
some of your soldiers in my country
because I have an issue with my
next-door neighbor well that that is a
risk but really the status quo is that
any country that is nominally aligned in
the West says look we have a security
problem and the United States come solve
it for us and we won't pay you
so I suppose the scenario outlined is is
only a marginal from American interest
it's a marginal improvement on the
status quo we are the de facto
guarantors of security when Rwanda went
to heck nobody looked at the French and
said you've got to solve this you know
so I suppose holding our security
partners to account represents an
improvement over the status quo but yeah
it's not a it shouldn't be a determining
factor in American foreign policy and
Scott okay so the u.s. is definitely a
guarantor of security in many parts of
the world but if you start having
situations like the one of Poland if it
we will have to see how it pans out the
US might find itself also in the middle
of conflicts that it shouldn't where it
shouldn't be I mean a conflict between
let's say Russia and Poland could be
could be contained a conflict between
Russia and the US is a conflict between
superpowers isn't it yes I mean in I
agree with David I don't think there
will be a permanent US base in Poland
but I think you do have this question
and this harks back to the idea of
whether there should have been an
American effectively advanced missile
shield missile defense in Poland which
was sort of scrapped by the Obama
administration where's the balance in
terms of both air and ground operations
when you go beyond Germany in Central
Europe but there's a wider question here
hota and that is you've talked about
America is the guarantor of many
countries security this is the new
reality for Donald Trump he does not see
America as the guarantor of security he
doesn't think that's the judgment call
all he sees this in beyond the personal
factor is does America make money out of
the arrangement so in other words can
you get more money out of NATO can he
get money from Poland and once you start
thinking about oh it's a win-lose either
they're ripping us off or we get money
that cuts against the entire animating
idea of collective defense and that is
we don't talk win-lose we talk about
contributions that all have to make now
David's right I think there's an ongoing
question that Europe has to step up in
terms of its contributions but that's
not where Trump is coming from and I
think that's the bigger challenge for
NATO beyond this immediate flutter about
a fourth Trump near the Russian frontier
so David the the Pentagon is going to be
a money-making machine according to
President Trump no I don't think so I
think what he wants he recognizes that
America has global commitments but he
also realizes that some of these
commitments were made in the 40s and 50s
when countries like Korea and Germany
were destroyed and very poor and now
that they're doing well and opposing the
United States on things that are
important to us like Iran policy that
perhaps
they should you know be active
participants in their security instead
of just basking in the shield of an
American umbrella I don't I think that
the economic argument is always one that
he likes to make because he portrays
himself his public persona is that of a
man who's very good with money but I
don't think that those arguments go
inject themselves in a in a
deterministic way into serious policy
debates Garak so ok let's agree that it
might not be a permanent base in Poland
but certainly the impact of all of that
is that things are gonna change in the
international order you might see bases
beefed up somewhere and reduced
elsewhere I mean I simply don't know
we'll have to see what what President
Trump is thinking but is there a risk
that we find ourselves in a world where
things are changing so rapidly that
other countries are gonna be getting we
start doing the same thing exactly I
think what all this does it just
reinforces again this notion that there
is a fundamental you know question mark
hanging over the strategic direction of
American foreign policy security policy
what American security guarantees worth
under a president Trump at what
situation would you know Trump actually
come to do reassurance the defense of an
allied nation and when it might not even
talk about something like a full-scale
Russian invasion but let's say a Ukraine
scenario where the little green men show
up a disinformation campaign would
tropically be willing to commit American
troops or what do you first say well you
have like 1.1 percent of your defense
budget I'm sorry that's not enough for
the US Army to ride out and I think in
all of these question marks surrounding
Trump's commitment to NATO commitment to
a liberal international order is fueling
these crisis moments I think that we're
seeing in international politics right
now whichever destabilizing effect it's
good just out of curiosity I mean the
u.s. is not the only country that has
bases around the world you have Britain
has several bases France has several
bases are they functioning in this
way today also have deals by which the
host country somehow shares the burden
as president Trump would say yes I mean
there Britain and France have had
long-standing presence of course to him
back from their colonial period and then
more recently after 1945 where there
have been cooperative arrangements with
countries but not on the scale of course
if the United States has had but let me
go beyond that tad an additional factor
here which complicates things further
and that is on the one hand you have the
uncertainty of a Trump and the
uncertainty of moves such as the case of
a permanent base in Poland
on the other you really have the
uncertainty of Russian aggression and I
think we need to be forthright here and
that is that it is not the case that
there is absolutely no concern here
about what should be done in Central
Europe whether it's Poland whether it's
Ukraine whether it's the Baltic States
but what makes this different is is that
this Russian aggression is not premise
taun the idea that you respond with
permanent basis in other words when you
talk about an era of hybrid warfare
where you're talking about cyber
operations disinformation as well as
conventional military operations you
have to have a much more flexible
military strategy linked up with other
agencies and focusing on a permanent
base in a country doesn't actually
acknowledging that changing nature of
diplomacy and what you might call a sort
of a gray zone warfare in the 21st
century and David just a last word to
you okay we're concentrating on this
base in Poland and the money transaction
but what should we what's the bigger
picture here well the bigger picture I
think is the overall relations with
Europe and Washington is looking at
Europe they're calling Europe out on
things that in past administrations had
been allowed to slide so one thing that
Trump mentions a lot when he talks about
Europe is the Nord Stream pipeline that
brings natural gas directly under water
from Russia to Germany that is viewed
across all administration's Washington
as a factor that destabilizes European
solidarity against Russia Trump calls
people out on that and so things that
the Washington Policy elite has kind of
glided over but that does animate people
in America's heartland Trump raises
those and he raises them in a manner
that makes his partners impolite but
don't mistake that for a lack of
commitment to an alliance if you look at
the numbers on the ground the Alliance
and the American presence the Alliance
is stronger than it's been for deck for
a long time well thank you very much we
have reached the end of this program so
thanks to our guests david laroche georg
rifflemen and Scott Lucas and thank you
too for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me hood Abdul Hamid and the whole
team here in Doha bye for now
you
