the people are still picking up the
pieces of their lives a year after a 7.1
magnitude earthquake devastated urban
and rural areas of Mexico while the 300
people were killed and some survivors
are still living in makeshift shacks or
tents the rescue efforts on that day
relied heavily on voluntary support we
followed one man who was on the
frontline
here's his story numbers a lot of my
name is Eduardo Acevedo and I've been a
volunteer rescuer with the tapas
International Rescue Brigade for 32
years la pucelle last year we had one of
the most intense earthquakes in Mexican
history I was very worried because I
didn't know what I was about to face it
took me a while to get through the
crowds to reach my colleagues who were
already coordinating the whole situation
when we find a person alive or dead the
first step is to evaluate the risk in
getting to them the risks we face are
collapse aftershocks any movement that
could create another collapse and early
that know this is La Quinta when we
arrived people tell us I have a missing
relative we stick with them to help them
and they stick with you they ask you if
you need a glass of water if you need
food if you slept already and they help
you because we are not Superman we also
get tired are you done with the Poconos
almost super homeless when I see
buildings collapsed totally devastated I
wonder what am I doing here I could be
in my house sitting on my sofa but I
want to do something I want to use my
hands I have the skills to do it I've
trained for that we don't have a salary
nobody pays us we do all this
voluntarily when we manage to rescue
someone it's something I can't describe
it is satisfaction an emotion that makes
you cry really the place is where we go
are the places everyone wants to leave
the places everyone wants to flee from
we know things can go wrong
and when you come back you say well all
this happens and I'm back with my family
at home to carry on with my life and in
my country I used to say the day I saved
the person's life I would retire and if
that was the prize but the truth is no
it encourages you to keep on doing it
Italian opera for Atlantis
