I'm not satisfied an apparent about-face
from Donald Trump after Saudi Arabia
once again changes its story about Jamal
Cassiopaeans killing but will he put
pressure on Riyadh and his arguments
about Saudi arms deals convince anyone
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Imran Khan US President Donald Trump
says there's clearly deception and lies
about how Saudi journalist Jamal
khashoggi was killed and he says he's
not satisfied until he finds answers
he's cast doubt on Saudi Arabia's
explanations which have changed several
times since keshavjee disappeared
chomps been criticized for defending the
kingdom and refusing to give up
lucrative arms sales to Riyadh worth
billions of dollars we'll speak to our
guests in a moment but first patty Cole
Haines reports from washington d.c
trying to campaign on the west coast
u.s. president Donald Trump couldn't get
away from the questions about Jamal
Shoji's murder it was pretty much all
reporters asked about as for the Saudi
explanation the president had this
response we find the answer but it
wasn't a big first step it was a good
first step but I want to get to the
answer he says that could come by
Tuesday but he again insisted that what
is most important to him the money that
Saudi Arabia spends in the u.s. the
amounts have been changing over time 100
billion four hundred and fifty billion
it's four hundred and fifty thousand
jobs
four hundred and fifty billion dollars
six hundred thousand jobs it's over a
million jobs but experts say those
numbers are simply not true
not accurate not even close the
administration of the White House is
operating on this false narrative that
Saudi Arabia that will depend on Saudi
Arabia that Saudi Arabia's arms
purchases are support American industry
that they they we need them they don't
need us that they could go someplace
else that's not an accurate narrative
and it isn't persuading Saudis critics
in Congress or in the press who are
increasingly pointing the finger
directly at the Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman the publisher of
cash oh geez former newspaper The
Washington Post is accusing Saudi Arabia
of trying to cover up his murder and the
editorial board is urging people
worldwide to shun Saudi Arabia until the
kingdom changes writing the first step
in that process is determining the full
truth about the Khashoggi murder and
holding it's likely author Mohammed bin
Salman
fully accountable former Vice President
Joe Biden seemed to agree the rest of
the world is watching the United States
America we have led the world and
they're wondering word hell are we
what's become of us
and now MBS the Saudi Arabia who I know
my lord he's making excuses by the way
you know that all expression some people
bring a gun to a knife fight
well you don't bring bone saws to fights
the anger shows no signs of abating this
just a straw that broke the camel's back
as far as the United States is concerned
that these other incidents I think he's
gotten a pass on he's not going to get a
pass on this it seems the biggest
question in Washington now how big of a
price could Saudi have to pay paddock
Lehane al Jazeera Washington
let's bring in our guests joining us
here in Doha Mohamed Cowie professor of
conflict resolution at George Mason
University in London Andrew Smith
spokesman for campaign against arms
trade and in Istanbul joining us on
skype Andrew Finkel a co-founder of P 24
and a foreign correspondent in Turkey
for over two decades a warm welcome to
you all I would like to start with you
Mohammad Shaikh are we here in Doha
first in the last 24 hours we've seen US
President Donald Trump go from saying
the Saudi investigation is credible to
saying he's not satisfied but it is a
good first step at the same time we've
had the Saudis release a little bit more
information about what had happened
inside that consulate when Jamal
keshavjee was killed why the about-face
why they're turning around both from the
US president and why the Saudis
releasing more information that
seemingly contradicts everything else
that's come in the last 18 days the
common link between Riyadh and
Washington is that both sides are trying
to manage the crisis not to resolve the
main question what happened and who
should take the blame so it's more of a
symbolic gesture of half admission the
narrative in Riyadh has shifted from oh
he left the concert now he something
happened and maybe he was killed by
mistake
it reminds me of the textbook of their
visit with the Lockerbie crisis where he
denied and after a few years he start
admitting when a drip by drip and then
at the end he was taken he took the
blame so from this side of Trump I think
he's trying to contain all this shift
within the establishment that some
congressmen some senators are pushing
for a rupture with the Saudi Arabia they
believe it has become a liability he
believes it is still an asset he is
trying to manage both ways he is
delivering more than one narrative to
each community why the Saudis what are
the Saudis up to they seem to be
throwing our information a hope thing
that something might stick and the
narrative might change but it isn't
nobody's believing exactly it's a too
late to wake of a narrative they did not
they haven't given us anything to work
quit in terms of at least coming up with
some justification or a logical
interpretation of what happened so this
is the typical realist kind of behind
doors conspiracy once it blew in their
faces they don't seem to have an
adequate response then I don't I think
they have also underestimated the
international pressure Europe has pushed
away and some other voices are now
asking for the question what happened so
this is I think something that MBS and
his advisors did not even think about
these of the he was assured he was a
simple guy he could have been erased
from the face of the earth and nobody
would ask a question and also believe
this is something that illustrates a
higher degree of overconfidence MBs
believed that he would have the cover-up
or the umbrella of Trump all the way but
I think now it has blown up in his face
let's bring in the view from Istanbul
over here and Andrew Finkel a longtime
foreign correspondent in Turkey surely
all the Turks have to do is release a
comprehensive report of all the leaks
that have taken place over the last 18
days and that blows the Saudi narrative
out of the water why haven't the Turks
done that yet well in a sense they've
been cleverer than that they they've
been a sort of drip drip drip of leaks
it's the Turks I think possibly to their
own surprise have been in the driving
seat be dropped behind this whole
narrative and they're the ones of course
who have made it impossible for the
cover-up to exist they've let it be
known every day a different little story
and the different little different
detail about what's been going on and
the true horror of what would happen
when when the circle showed he went
inside the the consulate so in a sense
it suits their interest better to keep
the story on the boil this way rather
than to just you know produce an
indictment and then get it over with
but why is that why the drip drip drip
why keep this story on the boil well I
think there's two reasons I think one is
that there's a gender gender outrage
that this horrible murder happened on
Turkish soil in a nap
you know under their sovereignty and
then in defiance of the authority and
then mr. Kershaw he was fairly well
connected with the Turkish establishment
and I think you know there are people
who feel a genuine sense of outrage but
on the other end they they do have a
strategic interest in this in which they
are trying to embarrass and undermine me
you know the the Saudi leadership the
the crown prince they don't like him
they they are on different sides of the
fence in many issues and they're very
happy to see his authority and status
under mine so radically in world public
opinion
let's bring in Andrew Smith campaign
against arms trade in London Andrew the
US president Donald Trump there's almost
ring-fenced sales of arms to Saudi
Arabia saying it's just not worth
putting that in jeopardy keeps using
this figure of 110 billion dollars a
quick fact check if that figures
suggests it's nowhere near that amount
of money a lot of this was negotiated on
the Obama administration and much of it
is just letters of interest and no
actual sales yet
however the arms trade is now between
the US and Saudi Arabia is in firmly in
the spotlight because of this almost
ring-fencing that's going on why has it
taken the death of a journalist to put a
spotlight on the arms trade between
Saudi and the US well for decades now
the US government has been by far the
largest arms dealer in the world whoever
it's been under Republican rule whether
it's been under Democrat rule and Saudi
Arabia has been by far one of the
largest buyers of US arms in that time
and it shouldn't take the death of a
journalist to put a spotlight on it
because it shouldn't take the death of a
journalist for politicians to reconsider
whether it is right or wrong to sell
weapons to one of the most abusive
dictatorships in the world right now
we're seeing the backdrop of the
terrible bombardment of Yemen which has
created one of the worst humanitarian
catastrophes in the world and US weapons
have played a central role in that
bombardment and yet the politicians who
are now raising questions we're all very
happy for these arms sales to can
new then they were perfectly happy for
the arm sales to continue when US bombs
were destroying hospitals and us bombs
were destroying schools and when US
bombs destroyed a school bus only two
months ago killing dozens of children
what we need to see is a fundamental
change and it ends two armed seals
around the world and an end to the idea
of it profits should we put ahead of
human rights and human lives and I hope
that if there's any good to come out of
this terrible atrocity
I hope it's but it does lead to change
and that politicians do take action and
that the voice of arms companies is no
longer so dominant in the corridors of
power but it's always going to be the
case when something is so valuable and
it's not just the u.s. you have Great
Britain as well which supplies much of
Saudi Arabia's air force with its
technology and weaponry you'll have
Germany as well now Germany has actually
come out and says we're taking a look at
arms sanctions
however Britain Saudi and the US have
not used such strong language why is
Germany leading the way on this why
isn't it the u.s. or Britain well in the
case of Germany actually with what the
German government has said and what the
German government has done have not
necessarily been the same thing for
years now the German government is
always announced it's reconsidering arms
sales to Saudi Arabia and yet the arm
sales have always continued it's the
same with the Spanish government which
six weeks ago announced it was going to
end bomb sales to Saudi Arabia and then
five weeks ago announced but actually it
was doing a u-turn and they were going
to continue with sales so it isn't just
the US and the UK that have got a rank
hypocrisy at the heart of your foreign
policy but in terms of what's happening
in the UK we know where public opinion
stands on the matter because poll after
poll has shown that the vast majority of
people here are firmly opposed to arms
sales to Saudi Arabia in fact Paul taken
fabula fine but only six percent of
people in bukey support these arms sales
and we have no reason to believe that
the public and other countries is any
less skeptical because ultimately the
Saudi regime is one of the most
oppressive dictatorships in the world
and it has committed terrible atrocities
not only against its own
people they against the people of Yemen
and every government which has been
selling these weapons is utterly
complicit in the destruction which has
taken place
let's bring in mohammed shah bukhari
here you've heard our guest there talk
about both turkey both arms sales very
central key components of the whole
keshavjee affair there's a geopolitical
game being played here as well
Iran is clearly one factor Saudi Arabia
and the u.s. were formulating a
partnership sanctions are coming against
Iran what is wrong view right now is why
hasn't it
wade into the keshavjee affair in a much
bigger way this is what we would call
smart strategy but by saying nothing by
waiting for the regime to wane and maybe
fade so the Iranians have have made
their bait bet on how MBS will screw up
regional politics and I think now there
is this emergent balance of power where
the Iranians have gained a lot of
momentum in Lebanon in Yemen and and
elsewhere so I think that this Sunni
Shia rivalry has come to a final point
where Hamad bin Salman is no longer
pushing the Saudi strategy forward at
the same time I think Trump is looking
at both sides where he can do it double
containment both ways by talking about
sanctions with a video game if proved
guilty of the Hobby scandal as well as
exiting the nuclear you know deal back
in May so I don't say there is an exit
of this open-ended search for a new
balance of power as a conflict analyst I
would like also to mention that I have
been skeptical about this Turkish
investigation I would say the same thing
now about this the proposed Saudi
investigation if these two capitals are
serious about giving us truth and they
have nothing to hide it's about time we
invite a UN mission or a UN team of
investigators to come and do proper job
otherwise we will have more
capitalization on what is going to be or
to remain as
a long process of investigation however
the diplomatic the political pressure
takes over more than anything else it's
interesting you talk about the
sunni-shia rivalry but this is slightly
bigger than that as well there is a
Sonny Sonny rival going on here as well
let me bring in Andrew Finkel from
Istanbul the Turks have long viewed
Saudis dominance of the Sunni Muslim
world with let's say jealousy or
suspicion they would like to take that
role for themselves
does this keshavjee affair present the
Turks with an opportunity to swing
things back in their favor well I think
they would like it to be an opportunity
to do what you describe to gain control
of the Sunni well it is is is or the
leadership is quite an ambitious and big
project I'm not sure if this incident
will result cannot happening but yes
they are on opposite sides on many
issues they were very upset whatever
what happened in Egypt and the fall of
the Muslim Brotherhood in in Egyptian
politics and the supports that the
Saudis gave to the successor regime
they're supportive of Qatar perhaps
turkeys close it's a closest ally at the
moment so one and of course they're
angry at the Saudi treatment there
there's you know dispute in Kuwait so
where the Turks are becoming more
involved militarily so yes turkey is
trying to flex its leadership and this
does give them an opportunity to
undermine the major rival but of course
what Saudi has and Turkey doesn't is is
a huge amount of petroleum wealth and
that that of course makes it a difficult
rival to to to get a better handle
Andrew Smith in London we're talking
about countries here that have a
terrible record on human rights Saudi
Arabia Turkey even to a certain degree
when it comes to looking at prisoners
the US has a very sketchy record when it
comes to human rights now we're talking
about the fact that human rights are
back on the table
where
how do you tell how do somebody like you
take advantage of that well yes I mean
very as a it's a really bizarre
situation we're seeing when there is an
issue of press freedom which the Turkish
government has somehow on the right side
of because I don't doubt that the
Turkish government it I don't date with
the Turkish government is motivated by
some kind of geopolitical consideration
as well because I don't believe it cares
about journalistic freedom I don't
believe it cares about human rights
either but ultimately there is a rank
hypocrisy at the heart of any foreign
policy which is talking about human
rights and democracy while carrying out
the exact opposite against their own
citizens and in far as the UK position
goes I think it's been influenced
largely by arms sales and the UK
government will do almost anything it
can to maintain those arms sales to
Assad regime and will happily look the
other way while it is committing
atrocities that is what we've seen in
Yemen that's what we have seen after
decades of abuse of Saudi people and
that is unfortunately what I think we
are going to be intending to do in this
situation as well but ultimately the
question has to be asked that if the
humanitarian crisis which has been
inflicted on Yemen is not enough to end
the arms sales and end that support then
what more would it take if the death of
a journalist is not enough to end those
arms sales and end that support what
more would it take actually that's an
interesting question that's asked let's
ask that to the other guess what would
it take let's start with you Mohammed
Chicago what would it take to change
well I think we are looking at this
worldwide mobilisation of an aunty Saudi
opinion so I think this is a moment of
truth where Saudi is pushing for more
real politic and realism while the rest
of the world is considering some more
politics so I think that probably Riyadh
has exhausted its political capital
overseas and I would like also to add
another point since you asked earlier
about the geopolitics of this I think
now having no having studied Howard
Dugan has manner describes I can tell
that he has played his cards right and
he has proved that he could be the only
strategist within the game since he
managed to lobby with Washington visa
very--it as well as maintaining his Cubs
right with the Kremlin in Moscow with
the Iranians with the Israelis so this
is an open circle of shifts that are
coming together and I think the Saudis
happen to be the and the overall loser
of this process to Istanbul now Andrew
Finkel praise there for her the one
almost that he's played his cards very
well that he's almost the only
strategist in the region would you agree
with that of course they have played
their cards well and then one of the
reasons they've been able to play them
well is because their righteousness is
on their side there was a murder
committed on their territory and they've
exposed that murder and in a way that
you know possibly people may not approve
of but it was done in a very you know
drip drip drip sort of way rather than
simply laying their cards on the table
but yes no right has been on their side
and they use that example of
righteousness to very good purpose but
of course you know at a certain point
they're good oh they're going to be
obstacles to just how you know how far
they can move this agenda that they've
people said that you know this they're
actually doing the American bidding over
over this affair by by revealing what
happened but of course at a certain
point they're becoming an embarrassment
to the United States and it it has to be
said the turkey is actually the thing
that will damage turkeys ability to to
take a lead in the region it's the fact
that its economy is very weak at the
moment and it's on the the brink of a
fairly serious economic crisis and in
order to forestall that crisis in order
to sort of get out of the situation it
is it really does require the goodwill
of the international community the
United States in particular possibly
less so it's in Saudi Orcutt are people
who can can lend it money but so it is
trying to end its isolation and that
that is
is a big priority and therefore there
are limits to just how far a kid can you
know play this game so it's all about
limiting rights always limiting its
isolation now we shall call you want to
bring you in here limiting the isolation
a lot of moving parts to this going on
however at some point things have to get
back to normal consol D Arabia can Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman just very
quickly weather this storm I don't think
I can be optimistic about the future of
MBS because he has been tainted with
crime and his legitimacy is gone so I
believe yes the palace will try to
either push him to sort of obscure him
for a while find a way to bring him back
but visibly what it's not just the husha
Busha case it's also the Aramco screw-up
it's also the Yemeni war it's also how
he deals with Hariri how he deals with
several
meno governments so I think now him has
become his own enemy he is number in
enemy number one to the regime itself
the question remains is still is there
any more power left to defer to the king
to decide or maybe MPs has already
established his own deep state that the
regime cannot defy so this is a matter
of with you know inside dynamics within
the palace and let's just let's just
bring me in the other guest we are
running out of time just very quickly
Andrew Smith in London you see you say
you have public opinion on your side
when it comes to arm sales to Saudi
Arabia I'll ask you the same question at
some point the money will talk louder
than public opinion and things are gonna
get back to normal not ly well we would
hope that if there is any positive to
come from this situation it is fit there
is a fundamental it leads to a
fundamental reevaluation because
ultimately this ID regime has been able
to get way with far too much for far too
long
wherever that has been the oppression of
women in Saudi Arabia whether it has
been the treatment of political
prisoners whether it has been the
hundreds and hundreds of executions
which
carried out however it has been the
humanitarian catastrophe which has been
waged on Yemen we hope that it isn't it
return to business as usual and we hope
that if there is a fundamental change
thanks again to all our guests Mohammed
koe Andrew Smith and Andrew Finkel and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com and for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Imran Khan and
the entire team here in Doha bye for now
you
you
