life has taken a bad turn for Muhammad
Al Mansoori he's a bright teenager and
before Yemen's war he dreamed of one day
being a doctor but his father died and
at 15 years old Muhammad has swapped his
education for a motorbike he uses it as
a taxi trying to support his mother and
family this is where he should be
katha bourbon masala school alongside
his close friend Mohammad Bilal whatever
the ceremony nothing can disguise the
new school year is attended by only a
fraction of the number of last year
elsewhere many schools lie in ruin or
taken over by armed groups half a
million yemeni children are estimated to
have dropped out of school
Muhammad's friend hopes that studying
will bring a better life Muhammad and I
are close friends
he left his support family has he's the
only man left we come to school in fear
hospitals and schools are not spared in
this world but we cannot afford to drop
out and lose years and years of our
lives as warm teenager puts his efforts
into learning the other works even
longer hours finding passengers who can
afford a bike taxi fare I hope the war
comes to an end and I'll be able to go
back to school I hope I can live the
life I was had if not better
back at school the man who used to teach
him isn't so optimistic
he's also struggling teachers haven't
been paid for months and this is our
only form of income so many have lost
their jobs there's unemployment and
poverty in nearly every household in
Yemen they sing the national anthem
that's shared by all Yemenis whichever
side they're on in a country where
education like the wartime economy is
dying the principal of the school wants
to put out a message to parents in Yemen
he's calling on them to brave harsh
times and send their children to school
otherwise he says that consequences are
dire unemployment poverty and illiteracy
Andrew Symonds al Jazeera Djibouti
