happy birthday floats over the blast
walls of central Kabul the music comes
from an ice-cream cart the man pushing
it is surely the 35 year olds not from
Kabul but it streets and this trolley
give him an income but lately even in
the heat of summer people don't want as
ice cream the streets have become too
dangerous during the Karzai government
life was very good we just crossed the
street and be sold out of ice creams now
from morning to evening we can't sell
them all he starts his day at 8 a.m. and
finishes at 8 p.m.
fitting in the habits of normal life
along his route he started this job in
2002 when the Americans invaded back
then he says he made a lot of money now
there are more attacks more checkpoints
and fewer people on the streets to sell
- when I'm passing checkpoints they
think I have a bomb in my cart
so they stop me and start checking and
it's ruining my ice cream because they
open the cart and it melts his friends
can relate 22 year old sham Salah has
sold burgers outside a mosque for 4
years his income is just 25% of what it
once was we asked him if he sees a link
between security and sales very much we
used to have a very good business but
it's deteriorating day by day this week
we have sold very little for Afghans
even 20 cents for an ice-cream is 20
cents too much in the last quarter the
International Monetary Fund found that
continued violence and political
uncertainty around the upcoming
parliamentary and presidential elections
is hurting economic confidence and
growth there are dozens of ice cream
sellers ensure Ally's patch of Kabul he
competes with 50 most vendors make about
$100 a month from this sherilee supports
his wife and four children he says he's
looking for change in upcoming elections
I want security for my country and peace
for my country and a prosperous future
but I will not vote for president Ashraf
Ghani Ghani came into office as
international combat for
has pulled out taking with them billions
in military spending since then security
is worsened and so has the economy
surely keeps walking
happy birthday rings hopeful over the
neighborhood and used to draw people out
of their homes now not even ice cream
can draw Afghans to the streets
Charlotte Bellis al Jazeera Kabul
