piata visi laughs lost his sight hearing
an ability to walk when he fell
mysteriously ill last week he was
airlifted here to Berlin's Charity
Hospital for treatment and is recovering
doctors now confirm that it's highly
probable he was poisoned if you haven't
kindly invited us an indogene we have no
indication that there was an endogenous
disease or that there was an infection
or illness of the metabolism that could
create such a syndrome with his dynamic
and so we have to presume that a
poisoning has taken place of a toxin
that we haven't yet being able to
identify and which we per half won't be
able to identify a news conference in
Berlin other members of the anti Kremlin
punk band Pussy Riot and brazil√≠s mother
thank the doctors for saving his life
they believe the poisoning was an
attempt to kill him he started to lose
the ability to straight the ability to
speak well and he was kind of
disorientated we were discussing with
our friends and relatives Peter should
go back to Russia after and will be
really dangerous for him to go back
because it was an assassination of that
I don't posing as police fazil off' and
other Pussy Riot members staged a pitch
invasion during the football World Cup
final in Moscow in July President Putin
was in the stadium and hundreds of
millions of viewers are watching live
they were jailed for 15 days Pussy Riot
came to prominence in 2012 for this
protest against Putin in a Russian
Orthodox Cathedral in Moscow three
members of the group were sentenced to
two years in prison on hooliganism
charges it's not the first time those
critical of the Kremlin have fallen
seriously ill earlier this year the
former Russian double agent sergey
skripnikov achok nerve agent in the
british town of Salisbury
investigators say the attempted murder
was carried out by two Russian military
intelligence agents
appeared on Russian state television
claiming to be tourists there are strong
similarities with the death of former
KGB officer Alexander Litvinenko in 2006
poisoned with a radioactive substance
one of the prime suspects in the murder
Andrey Lugovoy is now a member of the
Russian parliament as doctors try to
establish what piata bazilov was
poisoned with the question his fellow
activists want answered is whether he
too was a deliberate target Nev Barker
al-jazeera
