if there is a city in Europe which
signifies muscular success and power
then Munich is surely it the economy of
the region that Bavaria is bigger than
all but five countries in the whole
European Union German exports to Britain
were worth tens of billions of dollars
last year a messy brexit with no plan
could cost the Germans a lot so people
are worried they also think that Britain
should be in danger it's a
relationship-driven
to say it part of polite and as it
answers a big big burden of bureaucracy
submits documentation we make research
between our members and this is estimate
of the cost of this policy will be fifty
two hundred million every year plus and
if they move production to a different
European country they wouldn't have this
problem
maybe when serezha Mae pitches her deal
to the European Union on Thursday the
central aim is to persuade them that
goods like cars could still move through
open borders every other freedom like
the movements of people would end and
that's the sticking point in Britain
there's a growing assumption that the
European Union's about to cave in on all
its demands for freedom of movement of
everything in order to strike a bargain
over breakfast we buy all the German
cars say the brexit is of course the
Germans want to make this work well
maybe that's true and maybe it isn't the
view from the German brexit Department
is that in the end it would be
preferable to let Britain fall off a
cliff and force Germany to find new
export markets and to break Europe's
cherished rules on freedom of movements
they think the UK is quite important but
no more than that there are much more
important markets especially for German
cars it's first and foremost China where
we sell I think one third of all of
German cars it's the United States
and other countries as well and so the
British market is one of the German
export markets as it stands Germany is
largely content and Britain can't stop
arguing with itself there's a general
sense in Germany that Britain is having
a meltdown is asleep at the wheel
driving the wrong way down the road soon
it will have to become clear who is
right Lawrence Lee al-jazeera
Munich
