with some of the world's top dancers the
New York City Ballet is world-renowned
for its athletic and contemporary style
a promotional video gives a preview of
what's to come this season a season
that's starting with the ballet in deep
crisis facing a lawsuit ballet dancers
Alexandra Waterbury and chase Finlay are
seen here the lawsuit accuses him of
taking and sharing explicit photos of
her without her consent and then sharing
them with other male dancers he resigned
from the ballet to other dancers and a
donor are also named in the lawsuit all
deny wrongdoing the two dancers were
fired by the New York City Ballet but
lawyers for Waterbury are also suing the
New York City Ballet as well as its
official training academy for fostering
what the lawsuit says is a sexist and
abusive culture they all encouraged
endorsed incited instigated ratified mr.
Finley's unlawful conduct the New York
City Ballet did not respond to our
requests for an interview regarding
these allegations but have previously
issued a statement that read in part
their highest obligation is to ensure a
workplace where dancers feel valued and
respected
they also said there is no basis to the
allegations the New York City Ballet
condoned or encouraged poor treatment of
their dancers but arts critic Rebecca
itzel says the culture of mistreatment
of women was pervasive at the New York
City Ballet and the lawsuit will hit
them hard it's very bad both for public
relations for the company for the
broader culture of ballet and then even
for this fall season of them losing
their three top three of the company's
top men who can partner some of their
female dancers with the opening of the
fall ballet season this week the growing
scandal off the stage now overshadowing
that dancing on it
Gabriel's Ando al Jazeera New York
