I am for me okay and you're in the
stream today a lineup of international
journalists are standing by to tell us
how they Chronicle one of the most
controversial US presidents in history
I'm Willie could be Lada and we want to
know how have the politics and
personality of Donald Trump been covered
in your part of the world too much too
little too critical or perhaps too
favorably share your thoughts on our
YouTube chat and as always on Twitter at
AG stream the race to midterm elections
which also mark the halfway point for
president Trump's four years in office
is heating up a new Supreme Court
nominee is embroiled in scandal recovery
from a hurricane controversial foreign
policy announcements and of course an
investigation into the US president
continues in the background that's just
this week that's right there's no
shortage of daily news but since January
2017 American economic social and
foreign policies have all changed
significantly and the International
reaction to those changes has been
diverse the world press has variously
Lampoon applauded and often scolded a
president he was captured headlines like
no other before so much to discuss with
the journalists today joining us from
New York we have Danielle xiri
she's a correspondent for can 11 that's
the Israeli Broadcasting Corporation and
he freelances as a TV and print
journalist for other outlets also in New
York Namrata bra is a freelance
journalist and consultant and she was
the former bureau chief for NDTV and
that's the Indian Network New Delhi
television here with us on cetera calpro
hem wool is the washington correspondent
for the brazilian Chado Globo News and
Observer hain bukhara is the Washington
DC bureau chief for al Jazeera
international he also hosts a program
min Washington that's from Washington on
al Jazeera Arabic thank you all for
being here in the stream I want to start
with a headline the news of the day
that's also been the news for a few
weeks and a few months this is ABC News
headlined Trump not concerned about mana
for cooperation and of course metaphor
referring to his former campaign manager
and this is in the Russia probe so we
actually got quite a few tweets from
Russians about how this presidency is
covered there this is a race' who says
in Russia the mainstream media
opposition describes Trump as an
aggressive but still very patriotic
president who not only does good for the
US but it keeps its reputation as a
torch of freedom for those who live
under dictatorship so that is one view
but here's another from someone else who
covers Russia this is from the editor of
The Moscow Times Jonathan Brown and
here's what he told the stream there's
also an interesting phenomenon here in
Russia around the Millar probe and the
investigation into Trump's collusion
with Russia there's an assumption that
that story is as big here in Moscow as
it would be in the United States but
that just hasn't been the case in the
state this is a fiery an urgent story
about the status and the health of US
democracy and in the meantime there's
very little that the Russian journalists
can be contributing to that story with
with some exceptions in the state - this
is referred to as the Russia story but
from here this really looks like an
internal almost domestic USQ interesting
to hear that difference between how it's
covered in the US and how it is covered
in Russia
Raquelle of course Russia has topped
headlines all over the world where's the
interests for Brazilian viewers and
audiences are they as interested yes
definitely they are interested in this
topic because it has to do with the
election
mainly because has to do the future of
the President of the United States so
all the time we have some headline like
for example just recently when manifold
was found guilty in you know other the
same day in another story Cohen was
played buted that they
the biggest what we try what I try to
show to my audience is like a broadly
view of the whole situation right not
just specific case but how this can have
an implication for the presidency and
this is what they try to talk so that
they they were interesting talk about
impeachment is that actually now do you
have a ground for impeachment case and
their Congress so this is what I
actually I was in the White House that
they after that and that was my question
and the briefing other than everybody
was trying to talk more specific did he
know about the tape or didn't he know
when he gave the the payment or you know
so it's we try to get more broadly a
view of this situation to for our
audience but definitely is something
that they are paying close attention in
Brazil as well Daniel I see you nodding
go ahead yeah I'm just it's interesting
to hear I can talk about this because
when I look at it from my perspective or
my viewers back in Israel I think they
do care about it because anything that
happens in Washington is always
something that Israelis are interested
in knowing about because it's Israel's
biggest ally because the president is
such an influential person in in
Israelis daily lives decisions that are
made in Washington regarding Israel are
very important for for the daily lives
of people there so that's very important
to them but I think they care far more
about what the president does for Israel
whether it's a good or bad thing but
they care more about that than what's
going on in the US until it becomes very
real so let's say tomorrow there's a
motion to impeach Donald Trump that's
gonna become very real for them until
then all the little developments we
cover them and we have them on our show
every single night or New York or
Washington correspondent nothing Goodman
is doing a great job at that and
bringing really everything that is going
on whether it is the Omarosa book or
anything else but it's definitely
something that although we are covering
Israelis might not be as focused on as
they are on something that relates more
to them like moving the embassy for
exempt
I'm just filling up on Daniel's point
there I think there's a sense of trunk
fatigue which is also set in in a lot of
viewers outside of us maybe even in the
u.s. every tweet that made the headlines
I think there was virtually one year
where there were three news headlines in
India which were generated only by
Donald Trump's tweets every single day
but I think that has slowed down
considerably
there's also another point I just want
to take off on that except you showed of
the journalist in Russia saying this has
become a local political story and when
impeachment for instance happens that
will become a global story and I think
that's interesting as well with the
nuance of how journalists here as well
as in India are being now treated so
over here president Trump has been
labeling everyone fake news from the
time he got on to in office but in India
there's been almost tremblin ization of
media and its Kremlin ization not
criminalization but a lot of control
over what the state media gives out so I
think the ability to question every
aspect in that sense has also become
controlled after him I want to play a
little clip of Al Jazeera Arabic and a
story that they're fascinated by I'm not
going to spoil the surprise and I'm just
gonna say roll the clip
claim oh the huffy box is Michael Cohen
previously mentioned that he paid adult
film star stormy Daniels to remain
silent
about the details of her relationship
with President Trump years ago he also
was the link between another unnamed
adult film star to whom he paid money
for her relationship with Eliot Brody
who impregnated her the sounds like they
stopped soap operas in the last episode
of the Trump administration this is what
happened it's like the Prix titles to
the next episode
why is your audience so fascinated by
this it's totally fascinating as opposed
to what we heard about places like India
there is no Trump interest fatigue in
the Middle East it just keeps coming
everything that happens here in
Washington DC relating to Trump people
keep to be interested and you know
Danyelle for example she talked about
the situation in Israel in the
environment the countries around Israel
and there's this impression that all
Israelis love Donald Trump because of
all the things that he's done for Israel
including you know moving the embassy
from Tel Aviv to to Jerusalem in the
Arab or the the Farsi Middle East a lot
of people view Trump with trepidation
but he also in their eyes knows how to
stay in the headlines and he's doing it
every day and people are wondering what
is the secret what is the recipe that
he's following to be able to stay in the
headlines other than that all roads
these days from the Middle East lead to
the White House to Trump it's just just
very quickly because we have an election
in Brazil coming up in like a few weeks
right and usually our job is a
correspond it slow down a little bit
because our focus is in Brazil but with
Trump he managed to be in a headline
still every day just two days ago in the
tariff was on China another the biggest
yet right there are now some Chinese
products so he keeps he's seen the
headlines every day in Brazil even
though we are going through a very
polarized election over there you know
like my understanding of the situation
in Brazil is that it has some
similarities with the United States in
terms of the candidates there's one
particular candidate who who is a
nationalist firebrand if you will and
he's bent on introducing nationalist
policies a lot of people are comparing
him with Trump and so that's the source
of the interest maybe in Brazil in the
Middle East there are other sources of
interest is that he is policies perhaps
affect more directly the Middle East
than they do places in Latin America
such as Brazil yeah I just want to jump
in about what abdur-rahim said about
kind of the the vision or the the
perception that in Israel people are
very much behind Trump because he's
doing things that are perceived to be
good for for Israel or good
for the Jewish community so it's
absolutely true there's definitely that
perception and I can tell you that I'm
coming back from a month and a half in
Israel over the summer and I've had the
chance to actually talk to my viewers
talk to the public and kind of hear what
they're saying and there is that kind of
idea of but he's good for us he's moving
the embassy and he's you know defending
it and his daughter is Jewish and so all
these kind of things come into play and
I think that more and more so what I've
tried to bring them is okay let's say
he's good for Israel let's say the the
US Embassy move is a good thing why did
he do it let's go back and dig is it a
love of the Jewish people a love of
Israel or is it to please the
evangelicals that are standing behind
that and and kind of try to connect them
to okay let's see what the values behind
it are and and is it a leader that comes
in with strong strong beliefs regarding
Israel or is it someone who right now
it's good for him to be pro-israel and
tomorrow it might not be good and then
it launches a whole discussion of what
is a good friend to Israel there's a lot
of talk every time there's an election
in in the u.s. we want people say we
want a good a president who's good for
Israel if I may interrupt you this is
Abdul Rahim again question to the extent
that there are oh there may be people
who do not like Donald Trump in Israel
what are the reasons why they say they
do they would say that they don't like
him yeah so interesting question
basically even though the perception is
that everyone loves Trump in Israel and
might be a certain level of that I think
there's also a lot of confusion that
goes with it
because the one on one hand yes he's
moving the embassy yes he's kind of you
know at the UN through nikki Haley and
through things that have been said he's
perceived as being standing up to people
who are bashing Israel at the same time
people in Israel are very confused with
certain policies like separating kids
from parents at the border which is
completely against Jewish values
completely against what you know the
nature of what Israeli people
have and what they feel in their country
family is above everything in Israel and
I think throughout the Middle East and
it's something that's very very
important
so there's definitely that confusion of
okay he's good for us but hold on a
second
why is he doing inside the US and should
we take a closer look at that that's
what I was going to ask beautiful
because I want to bring our community
and numb nuts I I hear you but I want to
bring our community in and I'll go to
you with this because one of the things
that we all raised here among our
panelists is there's this idea of is
Trump good for us meaning that country
that you're covering or is he not do our
candidates that are running for
elections represent Trump do they
resemble Trump I wanted to bring in the
view from Canada this is David who says
Trump has become a lens through which we
view our own politics
ie is Ford Trump or not this is of
course remember in Canada answer sort of
and a strategic consideration for
domestic concerns like just wrump how
Trudeau answer probably for now as a
foil or a point of very favorable
comparison but he goes on to say I think
there's a risk especially with an
election coming up in Canada of us
reaching a point of oversaturation and
fatigue and even the normalization of
absurdity since we only have so much
energy so much time and so much to ram
into Rick how I wanted to go to you with
this because as you mentioned the or
election is coming up and there are
those comparisons with a candidate that
is like Trump but is there a danger in
that for your viewers the the comparison
analysis well I think the comparisons
are fair they are pretty similar they
and actually his it seems like our the
Brazilian candidate was so narrow he's
bringing from the Trump's book to our
election a lot of the phrases a lot of
the inflammatory comments and rhetoric
in
they have pretty similar agenda they are
law and order candidates he is firing
right-wing candidate and he is also
trying to change the status quo in
Brazil and right now in Brazil I think
what impact the election is because
Brazilians are very resentful with our
political and economical situation and
they don't trust anymore the political
and the politicians so and he's a little
bit in that sense trying to fight of
these like Trump did I'm gonna fight
corruption and I'm different I'm not
involving any any case in corruption
craze in Brazil so but I think the
comparison is fair even like I have to
say something on immigration just
recently he said that immigrants
refugees that comes from Haiti are
actually bringing disease to Brazil and
Trump just say that a few days ago a
little earlier than that that immigrants
from Hades all have 80s so it's a it's a
it's the immigration issue that actually
touches many countries around the world
the immigration issue and and the
approach the u.s. is having has ripples
around the world particularly in India
nan rata you were reporting on Indians
and a large number of them being the
recipients of a highly skilled visa
known as the h-1b visa so this is a
little clip of you reporting about this
have a look now how does it affect
Indians particularly I think it's no
secret and we've spoken about this
extensively that Indians are the largest
recipients of the h-1b visas 85,000 get
approval every single year out of which
70% as I mentioned goes to Indians in
terms of the quota system all that is
changing we earlier talked about how the
minimum requirement of salaries is also
going to be upped from sixty thousand
dollars to perhaps as much as 120
thousand dollars in the next draft of
this final legislation for h-1b so
Namrata this idea of immigration of
fewer people being allowed to come into
the u.s. it's impacting so many people
in different ways with the travel ban
with visas being
fewer visas being available so you did
that story and how did India react I
think this has been a burning issue for
India but what's interesting is that the
economic and the immigration aspect of
this having an impact on actual jobs has
become the real source of tension
between the two countries now don't get
me wrong there's all this bromance
between Trump and Modi that's Indian
Prime Minister but the underlying
factors that now are the key prickling
points are one the visas how it impacts
the Indian IT industry and their jobs in
the u.s. which is a huge part of the
Indian GDP second what happens in terms
of the sanctions impact on India steel
aluminium prices are going up all
sanctions against Iran are a key problem
for India because we import oil from
Iran we are the world's third largest
importer of oil and third our defense
deals India's actually trying to explore
other marriages here we just recently
inked a 2.2 billion dollar deal with
Russia we are in the process of signing
a 5.8 billion dollar deal for air
defense missile systems as well and
Putin and more they are going to be
meeting early next month so what I think
is the bottom line in all this is that
Trump has forced everyone every single
marriage in the international diplomatic
community to relook at each other
because he is kind of the uncomfortable
third person in the marriage so
everyone's recalibrating how they deal
with their the rest of the world Mallika
I wanted to play this video comment
because you are speaking of the view
from India this is actually a comment we
got from Verghese George is the
associate editor of the Hindu here in
Washington DC and he's also the author
of an upcoming book and that book is
called open embrace India u.s. ties in
the Modi Trump era here's what he told
the stream for one both of them referred
to themselves in third person in fact my
first report on Modi in the year 2007
was about how he named himself in third
person 27 times in a thirty minute
campaign speech
both are trying to redefine the
respective countries based on two
questions who are we and who is our
enemy
Prime Minister Modi succeeded the first
non Hindu Prime Minister of India and
president Trump succeeded the first
non-white President of the United States
both riding a wave of religious
nationalism so so after him some people
saw that as a budding bromance we've
seen that speculation with other leaders
as well and often there's talk of how is
Trump going to get along with this
leader insert leaders name here how how
do you cover that how did you cover the
Prime Minister Modi's visit to the u.s.
how do you cover his his visits with
other leaders I mean we covered it in
from so many different angles one
particular angle is that you know now
there are around the world there's a
type of leader called birds of a feather
so basically one they can be seen in the
in India with Modi could be seen with
2:30 in in the Philippines it could be
seen with CC in Egypt many other parts
of many other parts of the world but you
know what I would like to say here
applies to both the issue of Modi but
also to the previous topic that he talks
about immigration I mean whatever Trump
does let's say with immigration for
example whatever he does here in the
United States it finds interest even in
countries that are separated from the
United States by oceans there's
obviously a global issue of immigration
people immigrating or trying to get to
Europe from as far afield as Congo
Kurdistan many of them drowning in the
Mediterranean in the in the process but
when they hear president Trump's
pronouncements on immigrants from
Central America you know all of a sudden
geography becomes very blurred it
doesn't matter which part of the world
he's talking about what what matters is
the issue and the same thing for these
leaders when they see the way he
welcomed Modi and the affinity between
him and and Modi they all aspire I'm
sure they all ask
to be Modi's being embraced by Donald
Trump there the the the quote from Bob
Woodward's new book with that CC in
Egypt was actually so worried about
everything that's going on here in terms
of the investigation the modern
investigation that he asked Donald Trump
are you going to last because a lot of
these leaders they base their policies
on what Donald Trump does or says he's
the president of the most important and
powerful country in earth and everything
he does it is important I got but now
just going back a little bit to what I
was talking about both so not before
something I forgot to mention he's being
advised by Bolton you know so he's that
is just a picture of his son with Bolton
so that is a fair comparison right yeah
all right I want to get everybody take
on this I'm going to ask you to be very
brief Namrata you can start the most
challenging part of covering President
Trump and the US administration right
now is it's almost like you're going to
finish my sentence for me
Namrata you start a transactional aspect
to this you know he's as good as his
last trade they say that on Wall Street
it seems very aligned to the President
of the United States as well and I think
it's brought in this huge degree of
unpredictability in Lobel foreign policy
my colleague earlier was talking shahi
Daniel Daniel thank you thank you
it's transactional alright I would I
need to get everyone inside be brief
Daniel most challenging part of your job
the most challenging part of my job is
to show a fuller picture like Raquel
said to show the domestic things that
are happening with Trump because even
though Israelis or Israeli viewers don't
think that maybe that affects them in a
way I think it does I think that
decisions that are made here in the hey
Danielle definitely affect them and they
should know about it to make their own
opinion of Rocco can you deal with 30
seconds you can do I think the cycle of
the news is just incredible crazy it's
just he's generating news every other
minute is changing so my story she's
changing all the time like enemies in
the middle of this is important Leo's
he's challenging the world's a border
see you with the tweet just like
President Donald
and he changes the news cycle right
that's a channel all the time Raquel
abdur-rahim name latter Danielle thank
you so much so much to talk about you
you have a job for life or at least
until 2020 Malika
in with this comment from YouTube this
is Jane who writes in live Australia he
does not dominate the news there may be
a reference to him if it is relevant to
trade or policy if he's spoken about it
is almost unanimously with scorn
disbelief and laughter oh so much more
to talk about you can always find Malika
and myself online on Twitter at AJ
stream yes thank you very much get back
to work it's always busy see your life
