it's a steep dangerous descent down the
ravine where rescuers continue their
grim search this is two gone in Bengal
province where super typhoon man could
caused a major landslide which destroyed
a community here bodies continue to pile
up as the rescue effort turns into a
recovery operation this is the bunk
house where more than 30 miners sought
shelter here they thought they were safe
but they were engulfed by the rolling
mud and boulders and were buried 40 feet
deep we've been working double-time to
ensure that the process is faster but
this is a system that we've had in place
even before with volunteer clusters
coming in now to help to see this up
close is to understand the enormity of
this operation the stench of human flesh
is present and we feel that we are
standing on precarious grounds behind me
our rescuers who have been working
non-stop while others our family members
have come here to look for their missing
loved ones they're manually digging
through the rubble it doesn't matter how
long it takes piece by piece
rock by rock Pogo whoo clap is 70 years
old somewhere buried in the rubble is
his nephew he says the agony of waiting
is unbearable so he is helping out
clearing debris if we can't find my
nephew alive at least I hope we can
bring him home and bury him so that we
can see him for the last time
another body pulled out from the rubble
it is already in an advanced state of
decomposition the local government
admits it cannot account for all the
deaths here the men who lost their lives
in it - gone will be part of an
ever-growing statistic in the
Philippines because tragic as it may
seem disasters like this one have become
a familiar story in a country of
grinding poverty
jameelah Island organ al-jazeera it took
on banget province northern Philippines
