within hours of the US announcing a
second round of tariffs on Chinese goods
Beijing responded the Chinese commerce
ministry saying it had no choice but to
retaliate and it hopes the u.s. changes
its behavior one official saying the
move is poisoning trade talks but no
details yet of just how China will
respond syndrome a founder regarding
America's new round of tariffs China has
no choice but to retaliate as for what
kind of retaliation we will announce it
an improper each time it was expected
that the ongoing trade war could heat up
his new round of tariffs from Washington
confirmed that and it will be a lot of
money coming into the coffers of the
United States of America a lot of money
coming in a lot of money in the form of
tariffs on an additional two hundred
billion dollars of Chinese imports the
US government will begin collecting a
ten percent tariff on those goods
starting on September the 24th through
the end of the year then on January 1st
the tariffs will jump to 25 percent and
if China at any time retaliates the
White House says an additional 267
billion dollars of Chinese imports
practically the remainder of all Chinese
products sold in the US will also fall
under the tariffs the increased tensions
will likely scuttle the renewal of trade
talks between Beijing and Washington
while about 5,000 Chinese products
including household goods from vacuum
cleaners to bikes will be targeted many
US businesses are expected to suffer as
well just before the tariffs were
announced in Washington the Chinese
commerce secretary said that US
protectionism won't only impact the two
nations involved in this trade war but
it could hurt the global economy as well
and some analysts here feel that US
companies might face a Chinese consumer
backlash if the Chinese people believe
that they're being maligned all right
they will boycott and that's that's not
something you know your goodness you're
already starting to see some
anti-american sentiment and says well
I'm not gonna buy that it's American
alright I mean this is the one thing if
Donald Trump thinks that the only people
who are nationalistic already and as the
world's two largest economies refused to
concede any
ground in this trade war the impact will
be felt around the world
Scot hilar al-jazeera Beijing
