US President Donald Trump's nominee to
the highest court in the country the
Supreme Court is in doubt in spite of
that the president is standing with
Brett Kavanaugh he is one of the great
intellects and one of the finest people
that anybody has known you
Cavan eyes at the center of an explosive
allegation that threatens to derail his
nomination it came this weekend by this
woman Christine Blasi Ford who says
Kavanaugh attempted to sexually assault
her in the 1980's a charge he vehemently
denies this is a completely false
allegation I have never done anything
like what the accuser describes to her
or to anyone Ford's lawyer says her
client has taken a lie-detector test and
is now prepared to testify before
Congress this is not a politically
motivated action in fact she was quite
reluctant to come forward and she was in
fact outed after she had made the
decision not to come forward Ford is now
a professor in California she says when
she was 15 a drunk seventeen-year-old
Kavanagh pushed her into a bedroom at a
party groped her attempted to remove her
clothing and held her hand over her
mouth to prevent her from screaming
Republicans say they'll give Kavanagh at
Ford the chance to be heard by the
Senate Judiciary Committee the timing of
this nomination is also important any
delay is a problem for the White House
with just weeks until the midterm
election to determine control of
Congress Trump needs to get a
conservative on the bench before it's
too late
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera the White
House
