the streets of Harare are much quieter
than usual there have been since the
government imposed it's bad on stalls
selling street food it says it's had to
take such measures to stop the spread of
cholera
vendors tried to keep their distance
from right police who have orders to
remove anyone who refuses to leave but
some people say they have no choice but
to ignore the ban they say they need to
make money the Baba has one of the
highest unemployment rates in the world
my child is one month old I'm on the
street every day so I get money to feed
him but the police are chasing me away
how am I supposed to survive the
government recently declared a cholera
emergency in the capital some Harare
residents blamed the council for
inability to supply clean water in some
suburbs it's been like that for more
than a decade union leaders say the
government is blaming vendors for the
outbreak instead of fixing the real
problem
dilapidated water and sanitation
facilities I understand that there are
issues in the emotions being moved to
violently or confront in so many
kilometers in the streets we feel that
that is not a proper process to take or
that food should not be encouraged to be
to be done but some City Council workers
believe removing street vendors is one
way to contain the disease right now we
are negotiating with private property
owners for them to be able to consume
some of them for them to have proper
selling places and we are opening up and
constructing some other vending stores
designated selling points near public
toilets have been proposed in and around
the city this is where the government
wants some of the vendors to go it's a
market in downtown Harare it's still
being built but some people say the
rentals are too high
a marcus thoel in here can cost a few
hundred dollars depending on the size
some vendors prefers selling on the
street so they don't pay rent but
selling on the street means dodging riot
police who have been arresting people
and confiscating merchandise health
workers say this show of force won't
stop the spread of cholera if the
political will to deal with the crisis
once and for all
isn't there Hera Matassa al-jazeera
panic
