I am for me okay and you're in the
stream the killing of a young Kenyan
woman has fueled a debate over the so
called sugar or sponsor relationships
both at home and across the African
continent
Emily could be loud we'll look at the
dynamics around these partnerships and
consider why they're so popular send us
your thoughts via Twitter and our
YouTube chat justice for Sharron that's
the demand that thousands of people
across Kenya are making online after the
brutal murder of a 26 year old woman in
the southwest of the country
Sharon Oceano was a second year student
in a so-called sponsored relationship
with a cot Abbado
a county governor he allegedly supported
her financially in exchange for her
partnership but when Sharon and a
journalist sought an explanation as to
why Obata would not support her unborn
child they were abducted by unknown
attackers the journalists escaped but
Sharon was driven away her body was
found with multiple stab wounds on
September 5th governor Abbado denies
involvement in the murder and an
investigation is ongoing news of LT
Anna's death was met with widespread
revulsion across Kenya Gladys Wonga a
member of parliament for home bay
tweeted that those responsible should be
held accountable however high almighty
while amnesty amnesty Kenya said no
person deserves the death that Sharon
has suffered but not all opinions were
respectful of Sharon's memory some
tweeted that what happened to Sharon
should serve as a lesson to other women
in sponsored relationships others asked
why they should pity Sharon for not
focusing on education the case has
highlighted the complexities and just
outright risks within consensual
partnerships where one party gives money
or property to the other person in
exchange for sex or companionship so
today we're talked to three guests about
why people maintain these relationships
from the Kenyan capital Nairobi we have
NIOSH attend and Aurora and she is a
journalist and filmmaker who has
recently examined sponsor relationships
in Kenya for the BBC in Johannesburg
South Africa we have Jackie p'mote say
she's a social activist and the author
of bear the blusters game and right here
in our studio we have Karen Kaiser Lucas
she's the host of the spread that's a
podcast examining sex and relationships
so before we go very much further ladies
I need to point out to everybody who's
watching and following that this is a
mature conversation for a mature
audience
welcome everybody to a mature
conversation really get you started
community it's ready to have this
conversation they've been having it
already online so with that I want to
share a video comment we got from a
freelance journalist in Nairobi this is
Beatrice and here's what she had to say
Jane did the planning for the
illustrations and regionals in respect
for justice for Sharon because I respect
the rule of law and I believe that
mother should not be a way of resolving
conflict there has been over five
mothers in the last three to five years
of young girls between the ages of 19
and 30 dying next to prominent
politicians to deter the course of
justice and introduce and introduce them
the morality angle where justice ought
to be served the normalization of these
mothers is what I was speaking about and
what I believe Kenya should be shining
other than embrace the sponsorship
debate so
Inuyasha Sharon Okeanos murder and her
killing was really the spark that
started a lot of these conversations
that we are seeing online today
here's Beatrice to take away from it
that we are focusing on the wrong thing
and people online are focusing on the
wrong thing what's your takeaway I
disagree it's what happened to Sharon is
terrible and heinous and does need to be
bought the investigation needs to be
carried out and whoever's responsible
should you know before to book but at
the same time I don't think that should
detract from a greater conversation
about something that is affecting a lot
of people across the continent sponsor
blesser sugar daddy relationships are
all over people know that air there I
know it makes people uncomfortable but
that's not a reason to to talk about it
so I I disagree in the sense that you
know I think people should be embracing
the conversation I think
a lot of people have concerns about it
what happens to the goals in these
relationships but if you don't embrace
the conversation how do you actually
then tackle these stories how do you
then reach girls like Sharon yes first
of all I'd like to pass my condolences
to the family of Sharon Latino and I'm
deeply saddened by this news but I think
it's a very important conversation but I
also feel like in Nairobi these
conversations are being had so it's
almost like good morning would you like
a cup of coffee what is your response to
do for you yesterday
it's very common I at the hairdresser's
or at the nail salon a lot of these
women are talking about getting sponsors
a lot of these women talk about the
things that they have received from
their responses so it's just almost from
a more positive like I have a sponsor
angle as opposed to what are you doing
to be safe in these instances and how
can we have conversations about safety
regarding you know these kind of
relationships Jackie
bringing you into the conversation we
use surprised that there was a morality
conversation going on around what was
basically the murder of a young woman
who was expecting a child not at all and
you would see that in most of these
cases when women go into relationships
people came to judge despite of the
nature but there's not matter if they
see days old or young or m here but as
soon as and their investigation is
brought up on the table they would not
want to necessarily look at the
perpetrator they would chain to the
table and say well what was she doing
what was she dating the older man we
forgetting that they was complaint and
then there was a social responsibility
as well and you look at how history has
portrayed itself and it has played
itself out throughout the years I mean
polygamous marriages are known to
African it's not a new thing the
question is how was now this
relationship leading up to that it
wasn't even a possibility if you look at
what I looked at from the governor's
interview the press conference he had my
worry was that the man showed no remorse
he did not even and now journalist to
question him about the context of the
relationship so that the public
understands his involvement with his
girl so that it takes away the
speculation and what I looked at as well
is that she was with child she was
pregnant so the woman in our society
would like to judge people on the
choices they make in terms of the
relationship forgetting that this was
not just a give-and-take
they were about it as a family they were
creating something and it was not a
situation where she was not getting
educated she was in university so when
people say things like she should have
focused on education who does not fall
in love in high school or even
university you know who does not have a
relationship in university so we we tend
to go the moral high code when things go
wrong forgetting that these two people
are two adults two human beings who were
in a relationship but now the question
is what happens to her that the state
might be hiding hmm Jackie you mentioned
so many things that I wanted to touch on
but I will just hone in on two one you
mentioned the governor's press
conference and I want to share with our
audience just in case they are not aware
governor Abbado held a press conference
this is from Kenyon's dot Co ke on the
murder he said he would do what he can
to assist in the probe and he said he
was distressed at this so that is what
you were referencing there but you
mentioned this being to adults and it
often turning into victim blaming this
is wicked that's their handle they say
the mixed reactions to Sharon's death
see more about what our society think of
women than it does of sponsor culture
some even went so far as to blaming the
murder victim for her death what this
says about the larger sentiment towards
sponsor culture is that the only that
only the women are castigated but these
relationships have two consenting
parties that benefit cause I want to
give this to you to two parties involved
in this so this always happens and
especially now with a lot of access to
social media
in any kind of relationship that
involves a man and a woman if something
goes wrong if for example somebody leaks
something or if it's a relationship like
a sponsor in a Swansea situation and
something goes wrong the woman always
gets blamed so and it's the sad part
about it is that it's women who are
shaming other women and I mean first of
all I feel like as a culture we need to
get away from like she had said earlier
this our moral high-ground
we need to get away from shaming other
women and just allowing people to do
what they want if they're adulting if
they're consenting adults allowing them
to do what they want with their bodies
and to make their own choices in the
relationships that they that they have
as it's so interesting that you said
that because our Nairobi Bureau team
went out earlier on on Tuesday to ask
young people what do you feel about
sponsor sponsee relationships and this
is what some of them told us have a look
I think it's such it's it's everyone's
choice like it's not an end and it's not
an embarrassment it's just depends on
your reasons for doing
I would never do that because there's
the morality part and have been up
brought up that it just it's not right
it's not worth it I think we should not
judge anyway people should do what they
want to do if you want to get sponsored
if you want to sponsor anyone do a
choice it's your your life it's very
shameful yes and indecent yeah because
you're degrading yourself as a lady yes
like you're you're not giving yourself a
value it's like you're exchanging money
you're all value all that God has put in
you for for money and it doesn't really
make sense my getting anything that was
shaming God all in the same sentence let
me show you some of the work that Nia
has been doing in collaboration with the
BBC sex and the sugar daddy looks three
women's stories and clarifies very
clearly what this idea of a sponsor is
what was he supposed to do a rich older
man who lavish ships gifts on a young
woman in return for sexual favors also
known as a blesser or a sugar daddy
Miyata how common did you find this to
be I thought most people I I met with
around Kenya from the post all the way
to western Kenya where one of the
characters came from was that everyone
could tell me that they knew of someone
with this story whether it was their
uncle who was involved in a sponsor
relationship or their neighbor or a
student that they went to school with or
a co-worker these stories are common
it's just that people don't really want
to talk about it and when you looked at
the research that was conducted by the
Khazar Ascenta that looked specifically
a university student you know they they
they found that 20 percent of the goal
said at one point in time or currently
they had had a sponsor relationship so I
think that those numbers and just my
experience of talking to people not just
in Nairobi also in rural community did
reflect that it is more common than
people would like to believe I want to
share a tweet from someone else who
another organization that has talked to
people this is price of silence a tweet
and we have worked with women in these
relations most specifically stateless
women in Nairobi who use these
relationships as a means of survival and
legitimacy
how can a relation should be equitable
when it's constructed upon an imbalanced
power dynamic so there's one thought
there on the other hand though we got a
comment this is just minutes ago live on
YouTube their actual handle is for real
and they write a woman can either be a
poor man's slave or an old man's doll
and I choose to be a doll Jackie what
can you tell us about that type of
thinking um a lot of people have
different opinions when it comes to the
young woman are really struggling and
they are trying to find solutions to the
problem whether it's getting tuition
update and providing for a family they
find an affordability the sugar daddy
phenomena happens to be the idiot way to
to gate because men are looking for
girls that can entertain them that can
others offer them services sexual
services and they have some kind of
social power or money or influence in
their communities and sometimes for
women you would see that it is a quick
get up from whatever situation they
engage and they will see when they are
in those relationships then you have the
power struggle the woman becomes the
victim of the relationship itself
whether it's through a killing abuse
physical abuse financial abuse emotional
abuse or even sometimes conforms to have
unconsented fix with with the person so
if we get comments like these or
opinions like these you will see that
it's a struggle you know people don't
even know where would they get a loaf of
bread tomorrow or we would they get any
job Jackie is the inter Jack there
because I want to make sure that our
audiences on the same page that I am on
that you know you're speaking to this
almost as though you're coming from an
anthropological stance but you have
first-hand experience you wrote a book
about it about being a sponsee yes I did
for me it was not honestly a case of
poverty there was a case of being part
of a social circle in an industry I was
it I was involved in a fashion industry
and that was extremely demanding on
lifestyle and travel and at that
particular time this is now to 2012 2012
and you would find that it's really
difficult to be infected industry that
had so much influential people that
gathered fashion houses and they they
control the whole system and you find
yourself being involved with a man who
says ok for you to get a cover shoot or
to get this you have to do this for me
and then you end up being in that type
of relationship and throughout the years
I have found it I have found Jackie do
you mind if I Jackie do you mind if I
ask you did you did you love him your
sponsor was that affection love or
wasn't it
purely transactional yeah I loved him
funny enough to begin with because it
was a pure relationship for a year we
dated for three and a half years and
then towards the second two years it was
purely transactional because he became
abusive so you sort of become detached
to the person as soon as abuse comes in
it becomes a love-hate relationship at
the end of the day so sometimes for me
let me speak for myself I want in love
with him for a year and then when the
abuse came in I just show that at some
point he's gonna kill me
that's why a pious Souls want to share a
story because I could see that well
probably could have been me at some
point let me just take a pause for a
moment I want to play a little clip from
the ashes work about sugar daddies and
sugar babies and this is Grace and she's
going prospecting looking for a sponsor
to actually fund her lifestyle have a
look
I'll be going to club by the first
string and then maybe someone sees human
they offer to buy you one trade that's
how most doubt like me of course there
are many white men with cash even black
men with cash
I was thinking of go there and get
support the arch as I was going through
your your your piece and the stories and
the background stories to the women it
felt to me like this was almost like
having an extra fund it was like a trust
fund so if you're running out of cash
and you needed to you know make a video
or get some shoes for your little girl
or you wanted just some nice clothes to
wear call your sponsor and your sponsor
will show up with some money that's what
it felt like to me it was like an
additional fund a finance fund so it was
a business deal that was going on here
that is going on here very certainly a
lot of relationships are like that a lot
of people would say I just need some
extra groceries or I can't make rent
this month can you help me can you give
me a little bit of something on the side
this was a very common phenomenon I
found that you know people use this to
supplement their lives so the University
students well have influenced their
school fees paid but at the same time
they're looking to have you know a new
phone or they're looking to have an
extra something to go buy some clothes
and so they ask for maybe the equivalent
of $50 at the end of the month or the
equivalent of a hundred dollars so a lot
of people do use this type of money to
supplement their lives some people to
the extent that they then save the money
and going invested into businesses for
instance I have met women who would take
the money and went in Portland and
started you know doing something else at
the money that would then bring further
return and still maintain a relationship
with the sponsor just in case they
needed something in case of an emergency
I completely agree with that as well
but just going back a little bit further
I wanted to talk about the
fact that so many people feel like these
interactions only happen because people
are in impoverished areas and so the
interaction happens between a girl
that's trying to make ends meet with a
man that's older because he's gonna
provide food for the family and it's not
that's not how it happens it's happening
across the board there's women who are
come from very wealthy families and have
everything that they need but they still
want more and dislikes
that's something that I've seen in the
ashes work is that you may already be
middle-class but you want to be
upper-class exactly and fly first-class
and and even then there's women who are
first-class flying first class in
business but they still want more we're
also glad to go off the first-class just
there's always more wow we haven't
talked about I know you've got insight
and friends who are sponsors the sponsor
perspective what's your thinking about
so I feel like a lot of these men want
to be seen in their social circles as
hope having these trophy girlfriends
because when they got married they had
these beautiful wives and now they're
older and I guess they're going through
their midlife crisis and want to be seen
with these younger women and I feel a
lot of the time that this goes back to I
think it's a conversation we need to
discuss the paying of bride price and
it's men feeling that they have
ownership over women and I think it
stems from that culture culturally
knowing that men can own women
financially if I pay for her she's mine
and it's just owning this trophy and for
men I feel that's all it is these men
are so happy to be in their social
circles with the most beautiful girl in
town or the most famous girl in town
and that's how it works I think that
dope table is really nicely with this
tweet from Munn there who seems to be on
the Safeway wavelength he says most of
these young girls view those in this
blessed lifestyle as role models because
money is the motive having a sugar daddy
is an easy way to riches but ultimately
has got its own consequences so when we
move to consequences I want to play a
video comment from someone who speaks
about several of them this is Sandra
Omo she's the founder of an organization
called safe love international these
also relation
shapes are often characterized by
control sexualized petition violence
unplanned pregnancies and sexually
transmitted diseases because girls are
often less able to insist on stage sex
practices when involved in such in
sub-saharan Africa for example HIV rates
are up to five times higher amongst
young females compared to males of the
same age and intergenerational sex this
same sponsor culture is one of the
drivers of the pandemic amongst young
girls and women in this part of the
world faces a huge societal problem
which we are trying currently to address
by scaling a huge risk intervention
program to young girls and women across
Nigeria we believe that this knowledge
is a powerful way to change behaviour so
Jackie when we talk about the dangers
what would you have wished your younger
self would have known don't do it you
know what when you look at the dangers
of this kind of lifestyle I mean these
six calls with money laundering these
days things human trafficking with
mental health they commit suicide and so
forth I wish I had known these dangers
before I went in you know what are the
impacts how is it gonna affect me
mentally how is gonna affect me
emotionally you know and most of most
importantly the opportunity cost of your
entire life the time wasted the
three-and-a-half years wasted being with
someone when you could have completed a
degree you could have found a better job
you could have gotten better
opportunities you could have been better
informed and educated about life issues
and sometimes that better life that you
can turn back to a decision that you
cannot turn back and so unfortunate to
see that Sharon made her decision and
he'd let her up to this and now we've
speaking on her behalf because we fight
you to make sure that this does not
happen to another person you know so if
that's why I think that was also one of
the reasons why I decided to write the
book because people don't believe
when you tell them to get out of
situations they've learned the hard way
when it's really too late Jackie they'll
anyway let's just hold tight for me
because I've got one minute left in the
show and I don't want to let Kaz off the
hook when you were young girl you were a
sugar baby I'm so young right
well actually I've never had the
experience of being a sugar baby I will
say that the thought did cross my mind
often I did get into sexual relations at
a very young age which somebody he was
with with in much older with men who
were older unfortunately but I'm just
going quickly going off what Jackie said
I just want to say that if there was
more education for these young girls to
be able to get into sex work from a
legal way and a a nicer way than I think
times things would be different
Milica two comments kibbutz says this is
not empowerment this is prostitution as
a way of income and the other side on
You Tube CK says I learned a lot of hard
lessons being involved in these types of
relationships they made me grow as a
person I had to learn where my
boundaries are and I grew into an
empowered woman oh my goodness we could
set a whole new conversation but we
don't have time we do have time later
look at my computer here I want you to
look at the work of our guests sex and
the sugar daddy that is in the ashes
work if you have a look at the podcast
the spread you'll be impressed my cares
and her partner's work here and not
forgetting Jackie at at Jackie from A to
Z and you can find her on Twitter as
well our conversation continues always
online at AJ Street Malika and I will
see you soon
thanks for watching
