on September 17 1978 Egypt and Israel
ended 30 years at war after 12 days of
secret talks at the u.s. presidential
retreat Camp David Menachem Begin and
Anwar Sadat later were awarded the Nobel
Peace Prize for signing the Camp David
Peace Accords an achievement that
reflects the courage and wisdom of these
two leaders Jimmy Carter too received
the same prize for using the power of
his office to compel sworn enemies to
talk to listen and to make a deal many
had hoped the peace treaty with Egypt
and then with Jordan would improve the
chances of a peace deal between Israel
and the Palestinians 30 years later
despite the Oslo Accords and repeated US
efforts to hold peace talks
experts say achieving the two-state
vision is as difficult as it's ever been
a lot of ideas are out there Federation
Confederation one state three States but
every time one studies this issue in any
detail you come back to the two-state
solution as the only outcome that would
satisfy the national aspirations of both
sides there are many reasons why
israeli-palestinian peace talks have
stalled some blame the failure of
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to
prevent attacks on Israelis others
reject the Trump administration as a
broker for future talks Benjamin
Netanyahu's government keeps building
Jewish settlements in the occupied West
Bank and restricts Palestinians
movements around the territory and the
truth white house has made what many
call hostile actions toward the
Palestinian government closing the PLO
office in Washington cutting u.s. funds
for the UN refugee agency and to the
Palestinian Authority stopping its
donations to a hospital that serves
critically ill Palestinians and moving
the u.s. embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem
a former negotiator on the Camp David
Accord says in light of all this it's
too much to hope that the White House
peace plan could be a
right through this is not a real estate
transaction real estates involved but
this is also about national interests
about security concerns about highly
symbolic issues Jerusalem about people's
rights experts say the vision of two
states living side-by-side can survive
but right now there's no predicting when
or if one might see a repeat of the good
feelings on display back in September
1978 rosiland Jordan al-jazeera
Washington
