it's an airstrike by the Saudi UAE led
coalition whatever the target may have
been this is the result civilians
searching for missing children it isn't
a rescue they find one dead child
what's his guilt why is he being killed
says one of the men who had earlier
rescued the child's mother the father
wasn't in his home when the bomb hit the
girl's name is Samui cedar she's carried
away by one of the helpers he knows it
doesn't end here the searching continues
and Simmons brother Nabil is recovered
it's what everyone had dreaded to their
children these are civilians their
little kids are the only words this man
can manage it happened on Saturday in
Marin in Sadr province which shares a
border with Saudi Arabia these people
are internally displaced having fled the
fighting
Yemen's turmoil is a lethal mix of the
tactics of warfare the tactics of
diplomacy for negotiations that could be
attached with that and a humanitarian
crisis the fighting isn't just on the
battlefield the suffering goes right
across Yemen and it's getting worse in
the stillness of a remote village in
Hajer province they're eating the leaves
of trees to survive they're cooked and
mashed into a paste
personally I don't eat the leaves but
since my salary has been cut it's the
main meal for my children even though
this causing a meanness and drowsiness
what can we do we cook tree leaves
we have no nutrition we will die here we
have no one but God this is the nearest
medical center to the village where they
had to resort to eating leaves
malnutrition could end up being the
biggest killer in this conflict anyone
trying to bring peace to Yemen may not
need reminding of what's at stake
nevertheless those without a voice of
influence are crying out for help now
more than ever before
