once branded a terrorist group now the
government welcomes back the aroma
Liberation Front to Ethiopia is the
country on track to genuine democracy
and reconciliation what does it mean for
the volatile region this is inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm Sam is
a Dan it was an organization once banned
in Ethiopia now it's likely to become
involved in mainstream politics tens of
thousands of people attended a ceremony
in Addis Ababa to welcome the aroma
Liberation Front while other
celebrations took place across the Oromo
region this is the latest of sweeping
measures taken by Prime Minister Abe a
Ahmed since he came to office in April
his aim to build a new political
framework that involves osted groups as
part of an initiative to end years of
ethnic conflict Laura bird Mandy reports
an exiled leader and a group of Fighters
that once been considered a terrorist
organization on Saturday the aroma
Liberation Front returned to Ethiopia to
a hero's welcome with a massive concert
in addis ababa 'he's mescal square in
this world truth and lies good and bad
love and hate
freedom and slavery equality and
inequality exist
struggling with each other at the end of
the day truth good love freedom and
equality we'll be victorious delwood
ipsa and 1500 Liberation Front members
were living in neighbouring Eritrea
but returned after a string of
government reforms the new prime
minister Abbey Ahmed the country's first
seroma leader has caught on opposition
groups to announce violence and engage
in talks he wants to see a multiparty
democracy
despite being Ethiopia's largest ethnic
group aroma protesters say they thought
marginalized for years
we are supports the owner because of our
lives are the struggle for the equity
for the our culture for the our identity
for a Creed for energy European people
and national national TV
a week ago another opposition group jin
vox 7 returned after more than 10 years
in exile Prime Minister Mohammad is to
give a real freedom to Ethiopian people
and I know he'll bring change as once
banned fighters returned from Eritrea
there's also a new reconciliation
process happening between the countries
they've been locked in conflict since
1998 in a dispute over their shared
border that led to a costly two-year war
which killed nearly a hundred thousand
people now after and is pursuing
economic opportunities with Eritrea in
the hope of attracting development and
jobs but not everyone is celebrating the
change in the political landscape
there's been fighting on the streets of
the Ethiopian capital after the
Liberation Front displayed its flag in
order to pursue the development in one
of the world's fastest growing economies
Prime Minister Ahmed will focus on
healing old wounds of ethnic division
for Inside Story
Laura Berta manly al Jazeera
let's bring our guests into the show now
then we have in adam ayyy theo pia AWOL
allo he's assistant professor at Keele
University in the UK in London
Gautam Gabriel ul researcher at
Cambridge University and in Frankfurt so
Dali Lama editor-in-chief of the ad is
standard in addis ababa welcome all of
you to the show let me start with
sadhana no do you think the return of
the ORF does it spell the end of the
aroma conflict that depends on how the
oil f and the government will position
themselves and in the negotiations to be
followed from now onwards the oil f has
made it clear recently that they are
ready to renounce their armed struggle
which has been ongoing for the last 50
plus years since the party was
established and they would be getting
into a peaceful political struggle on
the ground and determined out of science
the day made it clear that they will be
willing to support the reform programme
that has been undertaken by the ruling
party currently in realizing a peaceful
transition from now onwards but it all
depends on where are the negotiations
the party is going to be having with the
sitting government and how is the
sitting government going to position
itself into accommodating the party's
activity from now onwards but all in all
I think it is heralding in the end of
the arm it is struggle to be on the
optimistic side all right going to and
then if it's no longer an armed group
what does it become simply a political
party that participates one assumes in
parliamentary elections we don't know
yet in many ways that's going to be the
case but it might also form coalition's
with other Oromo factions it might form
coalition's with other ethnic liberation
movements around the country so what the
future entails in terms of coalition
politics and in terms of organizational
politics is not clear in my view but
there seems to be it said going to me
wants to join the political process my
question is how much of a real genuine
free democratic political process
is there for the OLF for anyone else to
join right now most if not all the seats
in the parliament are held by the ruling
party and its allies right yes so this
is a transitional phase and at least
until the next election in 2020 so I
don't think anyone would expect any
changes in that regard until then but
even if you had you know the possibility
for elections sooner than that I don't
think the opposition parties would do
very well they need time to organize any
time to mobilize their support bathe any
time to raise funds and so forth so I
think both the AAP RDF and the
opposition groups see this as a
transitional phase and that's how it
should be seen so the exact a number of
seats one has in Parliament today is not
the most important thing it's how we
prepare for the coming democracy or the
coming democratic election in in 2020
all right the coming democracy I like
that term we're gonna come back to it in
a moment but let me first before we talk
about democracy go over to a wall
parties need time to prepare for any
elections do they also groups like our
left need time to modify some of their
long-standing slogans like national
self-determination for the Oromo people
do they need to change their aspirations
and how easy will that be I think it is
important to note that the Oromo
Liberation Front or a left is one of the
most significant political movements in
the history of Ethiopia and it's a
movement that has inspired a generation
of politicians including those who are
spearheading the change that is taking
place in Ethiopia today and this is a
movement that has been committed for a
very long time to the idea of
self-determination of the Oromo people
but self-determination can be both
internal and external it can be a salty
determination that internally exercised
in the sense that the ottomans can hold
themselves of the regional level
can participate in a process of shared
rule at the center that is at the level
of make European state but all that will
need some time then to reinterpret right
and to propagate amongst the Roma people
who may have been harboring different
hopes absolutely I think back in the
days around 1991 or earlier in the 1970s
there was a lot of act ID for external
for most a determination but I don't
think there is an appetite for external
self-determination today most Oromo
protocol movements have abandoned the
idea of standards of termination the oil
level itself particularly if we are to
look at the speech delivered yesterday
by the chairman I don't think it is as
committed to the idea of a standard
self-determination insofar as the or
more people who enjoy the right to move
itself to be free to express its culture
its to speak this language to be treated
equally in the to Afghanistan's most
political organization now are focused
on making this transition work and I
think that's what we heard from the
chairman of the Roma Liberation Front
yesterday oh I'm looking at the bigger
picture here do you see an intention a
desire on the part of the government to
resolve all the ethnic differences and
problems in the country not just the one
with the OLF to some extent I'm not sure
if that's I'm not sure if they have a
very coherent program for doing that
there's been a focus on political
liberalisation and respecting human
rights and allowing people to speak
freely and take part in the political
process there's been a focus on focusing
on national unity beyond that a more
systematic way of creating a new
consensus bridging the divides between
the different competing nationalisms I
haven't seen much of that the discourse
of the current imperative leadership
seems to focus more on you know having a
good attitude and being forthcoming and
embracing different political
organizations without necessarily having
thought out how we peacefully coexist
within this political diversity how the
different in particularly competing
nationalisms can coexist all right if
there isn't that's I guess that's really
concerning then if there hasn't been a
lot of thought towards how do competing
nationalisms coexist
it's a dolly to expect other armed
groups might join this political
reconciliation process if we can call it
that yeah I think there is a broad
understanding right now in what what my
brother gautam say it is a competing
nationalism i think there there is
emergent you know this the emergence of
broad understanding that ethiopia is
home to different nations and
nationalities and and it's its narrative
cannot be defined by predominantly what
it used to be before so there is that
basic understanding among the different
parties that are representing the
different ethnic groups in the country
while this is only the beginning the
process will pretty much be determined
by how the countries you know effort in
building the civil society is going to
be within the next three years before
the election is going to happen because
definitely there needs to be some some
kind of consensus among all the
different competing nationalities in the
country on on where the country is
headed to after after the next election
the election is i think one of the the
biggest tests for the ruling party right
now because that would then be if it is
held democratically it will have a
chance to produce a democratically
mandated government which will then
steer the governed you know the people
of Ethiopia in in terms of having a
bigger say toward is where we want to
take
country into so the next two years will
be very very crucial in in strengthening
democratic institutions like a free and
fair electoral board and the civil
society the judiciary and all these
institutions that play a vital role in
helping the people of Ethiopia determine
what kind of country that would like to
have after a democratically elected
government is in place so it's beautiful
this is perhaps the best stuff forgive
me interrupting but this perhaps the
best a beautiful point to transition
then into the point of democracy and
what we can expect a head which gautam
was mentioning a moment ago let me take
that question though to a wall and do
you see the country is now on the road
to a genuine democratic process do you
expect elections in 2020 to be free and
fair and to produce a new democratic
truly democratic order since the ruling
party made the decision back in January
2018 to widen the political process and
also try and foster national consensus
among the various forces within the
country the government has taken some
concrete steps the Prime Minister the
current prime minister was appointed in
early April this year over the course of
the last six months he have done some
remarkable work in terms of opening up
the political process inviting a number
of different political movements project
parties that were forces to live in
exile for the last 27 years there has
been highly encouraging changes within
the country I am back in the country
after about eight or seven years what I
see is incredible in terms of political
openness to the point that the
government is so tolerant that there is
some added concern among the population
that there is the breakdown of law and
order so if what we see on the ground
over and what we saw over the course of
the last six years or any indication to
go by I think they would have a fairly
democratic competitive competitive and
fair election in Burma I guess my
question is we've seen
in other places in Africa countries
sometimes government sometimes open up
become a little more inclusive without
going all the way to becoming truly you
know true democracies genuine
democracies let me take the question
back to say dolly then do you think I
guess the key question is a true
democracy would mean a change in power
do you think the dominant class is ready
to relinquish some power right now in in
Ethiopia I think the reckoning the party
the ruling party has been doing since
December last year is is a genuine one I
do believe it's a genuine one because
for two reasons one is that they have
realized they have come to the end of
their dominance that they have reached
to the you know a point of no return
because of the persistent pressure from
the protesting people to see them so you
see the elections coming the our next
elections are going to be something very
different from anything we've ever seen
before a truly democratic free
experiment it will be very very very
different because we have an awakened
society right now you know the people of
Ethiopia almost broadly I would say
realize that this is the time this is
the time to make it happen and the
government also recognizes that this is
the last chance that they have into you
know their journey to - to a different
kind of political party there is a true
reckoning on both sides so I do believe
that this is not going to be covered by
one way or another
Gautam is the motivation here for change
to focus on economic development and to
focus on power projection abroad do you
agree with that sort of analysis I think
it's primarily survival they were
threatened
there was an existential threat through
the protests over the last few years and
the apéritif would not have been able to
survive without some sort of reforms so
this wasn't motivated by economic
concerns or foreign policy concerns or
anything like that this was either
reform or perish
I think that was a primary concern a
wall do you think the reforms
nevertheless will help the country to
meet some of its economic challenges
about the third of the population is in
poverty according to World Bank
statistics I think illiteracy claims
around half the population there are
challenges unemployment is high amongst
the youth do you think this kind of
reform process is going to bring in
foreign direct investment and spur the
economic scene absolutely I think the
fact that there was this cloud of
uncertainty in insecurity in Ethiopia
hunkered acuity as economic development
very much according to figures Ethiopia
was one of the fastest growing economies
in the world over the course of the last
ten years was growing by double digits
I'm not entirely sure that the actual
growth is consistent with with the data
from World Bank and I met but certainly
there were very visible developments in
Ethiopia was caught over the last 10 15
years but with this cloud around the
viability of the state itself being
listed as a result of this change that
is taking place but also the changes
that are taking place within the region
and I think Ethiopia's index that would
improve on all sectors in terms of
economic stability political stability
also the regional situation can occur
and that would provide I think a very
good condition for foreign direct
investment to come in because that is
one of the key criteria that they were
taking to account in terms of making
investment decision so dolly no doubt
this reform process also involves a bit
of reaching out to neighbouring
countries a peace agreement between
Ethiopia and Eritrea leaders meeting in
in gender in Saudi Arabia that kind of
dynamic yeah it will impact regional
politics as a whole right it definitely
has a spillover effect as we have seen
it in the last couple of weeks we don't
have to go back any further but to add
on what my brother I would say there
about improving the index of
if you can bring it to the eater
eritrean peace process that is ongoing
right now one of one of the the things
that you would hear from many foreign
investors in the past years was their
their lack of confidence in Ethiopia's
ability to respect the rule of law this
was one of the major things that the
hippin government never recognized as
having impact on its credibility from
not you know abiding by the
international law that they have signed
in the ato Eritrean border Commission in
2002 so the fact that Ethiopian has now
without precondition accepted the
decision has its own implication in a
way that it is not projecting an image
of a country that is respecting to abide
by international knows that it has
signed so this is one affect the other
as you mentioned is of course the
spillover effect you know the peace
process in South Sudan is moving towards
the positive and as we have seen it the
last two days ago they have signed the
final agreement and also in bringing
peace between oh I'm sorry
between Djibouti and Eritrea to this end
and to some extent also Somalia and
Djibouti I would hope that this would
have its own impact in and of itself so
this this is a very big achievement I
would say of the prime minister of erm
its government's so far in terms of
stabilizing the Horn of Africa which is
rather a very you know constantly
perpetually at fridayand region if we
talk about yes that's fascinating as
you've mentioned some changing political
dynamics there involving a whole bunch
of countries not just Ethiopia Djibouti
Eritrea and I wonder going to him are we
on the verge of seeing the regional
politics change and if so how the
regional politics is always changing and
there's been a lot of reports in the
region prior to obra med and new ones
have come after IBM and obviously where
this is exactly going is unclear the
extent to which it will lead to
long lasting peace between Ethiopia and
Eritrea the extent to which Sudan might
be might feel left out of this equation
and gravitate more towards Egypt
there are many sort of open questions in
that regard and I think we have to wait
and see just exactly where the region is
going in terms of peace and stability
but I think definitely we have come one
step closer to a peaceful regional order
in the Horn of Africa thanks Robbie on
its prime ministership but also we also
have to consider you know the role of
external Middle Eastern actors in this
region and also you know the Somalia and
Somalia problem and there are lots of
variables and factors that are sort of
outside of a beyond its control and
influence so there are limitations to
the sort of conclusions we can draw from
the things that have been happening in
in the last few months all right going
to mention you did mention though
they're going to than some of these
dynamics preceded Abu Ahmed becoming the
prime minister let me take this question
to a wall in ademir Ethiopia how much of
the change is going on whether we're
talking regional or the domestic changes
going on within Ethiopia are a result of
the Prime Minister's personal vision and
initiatives and how much backing does he
have he's an Oromo how much back and
does he have from the establishment from
the tigre people and so on I think a
significant part of the changes that
have been taking place in Ethiopia are
due to the courage of the current
leadership the decision to change itself
I think it belongs to the epr ADF as a
whole mainly because the eprad have
cannot have survived as a government had
it not made that decision to to change
so there were a lot of consultations a
lot of battles within the ruling College
in itself in terms of how to move the
country forward as a result of that
impatient with the public within the
party re Arnett and his team emerging as
a leader once he was confirmed as a
prime minister by the European
Parliament he took the decision to bring
about a robust kind of change within the
country I don't think it would have been
possible for other people for example
other individuals to take on the
security of parties on to the to take on
the deep state and and have the courage
the determination the commitment to
allow the media to do their work right
in ways that's very different form from
the past right and also to permit people
to enjoy freedom that have never seen
done they have a hangover hand 70 even
even beyond assaulted why yeah I'm
afraid we are we are running out of time
forgive me there a wall we'll have to
pick it up perhaps on a later show for
now let's thank our guests very much for
their contributions a wall a low Gautam
Gabrielle and sedan Lille Emma and thank
you too for watching you can see the
show again any time by visiting our
website
aljazeera.com or for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story can also join the conversation on
Twitter I handle varies at AJ inside
story from me Sammy's a Dan and the
whole team here for now it's goodbye
you
you
