anyone trying to bring peace to Yemen
may not need reminding of what's at
stake nevertheless those without a voice
of influence are crying out louder now
for help in Hodja 160 kilometers from
her Dada they try to keep babies alive
malnutrition could potentially soon be
the biggest killer in this conflict
nearby families are eating wild vine
leaves to survive we cook tree leaves
we have no nutrition we will die here we
have no one but God personally I don't
eat the leaves but since my salary has
been cut it's the only main meal for my
children
even though this cousin of itchiness in
drowsiness but what can we do in her
Dada the fighting has taken another
quantum leap as Saudi UAE led coalition
forces and government troops on the
ground continue their campaign to cut
all supply lines from the Red Sea port
the Saudis are accusing Houthi fighters
of opening fire on grain silos in order
to claim it was the coalition that's
responsible whoever did what the UN
pressure to stop the fighting has never
been greater the UN Special Envoy Martin
Griffiths is now in the capital sana for
talks with the Houthi leadership what
may help him is a Memorandum of
Understanding signed by the UN which
gives safe passage by air for injured
Houthis needing medical treatment it's
reported they'll go to Cairo in Egypt
but is this enough to get dialogue going
even though the number of civilian
deaths is still rising there is a
coalition diplomatic initiative trying
to convince the UN that her Dada has to
be taken for the Houthis to be
pressurised to talk peace this conflict
has now a lethal mix of varying
motivations for diplomacy fighting and
suffering no one would predict the
outcome Andrew Symonds al Jazeera
Djibouti
