on the floor or bunk beds alongside each
other more than 170 Venezuelans are
sharing three bedrooms two bathrooms and
every single space there is left in this
makeshift shelter on the outskirts of
Lima 18 year old Devo Bosa says he feels
lucky to be here I feel blessed because
a lot of people have to sleep on the
street they don't have any food what
these people here are doing is great
it's all free says amigo Vania a
Peruvian businessman who says he spent
nearly thirty thousand dollars to rent
and set up this shelter I used the money
to buy the stove mattresses everything I
was about to buy a car but decided to
invest it here because in exchange you
get happiness in a few months kobena
says nearly 2,000 Venezuelans who
learned of the shelter through social
media have come and gone the only way to
make it work with so many is with
discipline says supervisor
Jose Mora the space is already too small
it's a challenge because people keep on
coming on our motto is to never say no
we open our doors to anyone the shelter
is now run with the help of private
donations after Colombia Peru has
absorbed the largest number of
Venezuelan migrants and refugees more
than four hundred and twenty thousand
says the government 70,000 already have
work permits but most are taking
underpaid jobs such as street vending
for many Venezuelans starting a new life
here has been much more difficult than
they imagined so if you have taken up
president Nicolas Maduro offer to be
flown back home for free nearly 200
Venezuelans have been airlifted
Venezuelan president Maduro suggested
Venezuelans were living and working in
slave-like conditions propaganda replied
the Peruvian government
the majority of anise Whelan's at the
Embassy are here to request document
renewals to be able to apply for work
permits nearly two million Venezuelans
are living abroad
straining relations in the region and
leading some countries to impose travel
restrictions that's a shame says go Enya
okay hunger and necessity don't have
borders countries shouldn't impose
restrictions to these people the
Organization of American States says no
country can face this wave of migrants
and refugees on their own while
governments and international
organizations get together to think of a
regional plan people like brainy ko
Vania are already making a difference
Ariana Sanchez al Jazeera Lima Peru
