the eye of the typhoon hurtled towards
Hong Kong bringing with it gale force
winds of up to 200 kilometres an hour
roofs were blown off and windows in some
high-rise buildings were blown out trees
were sent flying this crane was ripped
from a building and collapsed oh this is
amazing
you've never seen anything like this
it's it's eerie to see Hong Kong with no
nobody walking around roads were closed
and businesses locked up hundreds of
people were evacuated from their homes
in low-lying areas with 900 flights were
cancelled interrupting travel plans for
thousands of passengers most people
bunker down and stayed indoors some of
those who braved the weather was swept
off their feet the city was paralyzed
and forced into lockdown by the worst
storm in Hong Kong for more than a
decade Hong Kong is prone to storm
events and typhoons but this one has
caught many by surprise the strength of
the winds has triggered huge swells
across the harbour inundating areas in
the central parts of the city these
waterfront hotels were flooded as waves
pounded the coastline the only movement
on the harbor was this ship adrift or
schools will be closed on Monday the
typhoon is now headed towards mainland
China with a Guangdong province directly
in its path Sarah Clark al-jazeera Hong
Kong
