after two years of trials errors an
incredibly hard work flip-floppy takes
to the water of the indian ocean for the
first time it's built and highly of
recycled plastic waste collected from
the shores of the indian ocean by
Kenyans the project's leader says it's
the world's plastic revolution boat it
is really simple we have to end
single-use plastic recycling is not
enough we have to put an end to
single-use consumption its first voyage
was around islands in Lemoore which are
famous for boat building flip flop is
expected to sail to Zanzibar in the
coming months making stops in villages
along the Indian Ocean coast those abode
will be allotting communities about the
dangers of plastic waste and what they
can do to protect the environment by
building these boats is not the end game
the team of boat builders say they'll
use the experience for the next project
we wanted to have a bigger Dao of long
20 metres
and to have a good voyage from lamu to
Cape Town in South Africa but for all
these challenge thus we decided to have
this prototype on now so we have seen
what we were required because most of
the material were not efficient the
launch of flip-flop he was on the world
cleanup day when millions of people
globally volunteered to clean their
beaches for 24 hours the United Nations
says more than 8 million tons of plastic
finds its way into the world's oceans
every year that's the same as dumping a
garbage truck full every minute llama
has put Kenya into the world map of
using plastic in the Ray right
perspective you can use plastic but you
can recycle it and today we have seen
from rubbish to abort Islanders in lhamo
continue to marvel at the boot builders
plastic creation and hope the tide of
trash Sammis far away's Asia stops
washing out their home soon and everyone
plays their part in saving the ocean
Catherine soil al-jazeera lamu on the
kenyan coast
