the jubilant cloud in the Ethiopian
capital addis ababa on saturday
supporters of the aroma Liberation Front
welcome leader doubt it's our home after
years in exile in neighbouring Eritrea
around 1500 Ola fighters accompanied him
among the welcoming party the oil ops
general secretary Beck le mega
despite his frail condition the fact
that mr. Dowd Yves and his oil lay apart
fighters that have been in exile and in
struggle against the regime for the past
26 27 years are now back welcomed as
heroes is just says a lot about how much
this country has traveled in this very
short period of time for amo are the
largest ethnic group in Ethiopia but for
decades they've been complaining of
political marginalization the Oromo
Liberation Front says it represents the
aspirations of the Oromo people its
militants took up arms against the
central government for years they
described the former regimes in Ethiopia
as a repressive and demanded
self-determination for the Roma the oil
has been banned for years labeled a
terrorist organization by the Ethiopian
government in July Ethiopia's newly
elected prime minister ahmed granted an
amnesty to all dissidents if they
renounced violence and agreed to talks
involving government leaders from the
ethnic tigre the political situation
remains volatile there were violent
confrontations earlier this week
provoked by internal rivalries some fear
groups that have seen their
long-standing status undermined by the
political changes are determined to
disrupt the reform process Hamid Val
al-jazeera
