I mean after months of political
deadlock since the last election Iraq's
Parliament may be grinding into gear MPs
have finally elected a new Speaker of
the House
his Mohammed Al habu see a Sunni Muslim
with strong support from the parliaments
pro Iran Shia coalition hated you we
need to unify our efforts some members
of parliament can reach political
consensus and choose our government
capable of facing the serious security
and economic challenges ahead other
posts are expected to be filled soon
including the president who will be
Kurdish according to political tradition
he will ask the leader of the biggest
parliamentary bloc to be Prime Minister
and to form a cabinet there are three
main blocks to choose from the pro Iran
Shia coalition headed by former Prime
Minister Nuri al-maliki and a
hadiyyah-lah Miri who's head of the feta
block the umbrella body for Shia armed
fighters the pro US block of prime
minister haider al-abadi and the iraqi
nationalist bloc led by the influential
Shia cleric moqtada al-sadr he won a
majority in the May election but the
result wasn't accepted by the rest of
the parties there are two countries who
are going to be very interested in what
happens in Iraq Parliament Iran and the
United States it's well known that Iran
has a lot of influence in Iraq Spalla
ticks and in its daily life but in
recent days there's been a backlash
against the level of that influence the
US has supported prime minister haider
al-abadi because he is in his turn pro
United States but also because the u.s.
sees him as a moderate that can pull
together a fractious Iraqi government if
however haider al-abadi loses his power
within the iraqi government it may come
that the u.s. too loses its influence in
iraq anti-government riots recently in
Basra were directed at politicians
including Prime Minister Abadi
protesters in the oil-rich South blamed
political corruption and negligence for
failing to provide jobs as well as the
collapse of their water and electricity
supplies
the offices of local Shia armed groups
backed by Iran was set on fire
battle valiantly me and Iran has been
pushing for a consensus to choose the
speaker and his two deputies that would
guarantee its interests in Iraq the US
wants an independent Iraqi government
and a stable political process away from
Iran's influence there is an apparent
conflict of interests between Iran and
the US over Iraq's political future
Iraq's political problems are far from
over
but the appointment of a House Speaker
is a step towards a solution Rob
Mathison al Jazeera Baghdad
