three-two-one nasa is calling it its
most advanced based laser launched on
Saturday I said to a half-ton satellite
will orbit on a billion dollar mission
to find out how much of the Earth's ice
is melting as the climate worms I said
who's all about measuring elevation and
a natural question is how do you know
you're getting the right answer we'll go
out and collect a reference dataset
we'll be ready to compare and evaluate
green laser light from the satellite
bounces off of this thing and goes right
back up to the satellite again super
reflective so these things is show up in
data with altimeter z' like icesat-2
icesat-2 is the first mission in nearly
a decade that will be measuring ice
levels its predecessor ice at launched
in 2003 operated for six years the new
satellite will use an advanced laser and
camera system known as Atlas to measure
how long it takes individual particles
of light to leave the satellite bounce
off earth and return these tests will be
repeated four times a year providing
scientists with a continuous record
detailing changes in the ice it will
also help them better understand the
relationship between the melting ice
sheets and the rising sea scientists
have been working for a number of years
that the global average temperature is
rising the four hottest years on record
have been the last four and the constant
reliance on fossil fuels for energy
means levels of greenhouse gases
continue to mount
but the US administration and the
president Donald Trump seems intent on
slashing projects that aim to study and
curb climate change the icesat-2 mission
should last three years but has enough
fuel to continue for ten if the mission
managers decide to extend its life but
that will depend not on the scientists
but some politicians HIPAA Morgan Al
Jazeera
