the day after this footage emerged of
Jamal khashoggi going into Saudi
Arabia's consulate in Istanbul Saudi
officials confirmed his disappearance
but insisted he left the building that
was nearly three weeks ago the first of
several times the official line would
change
two days later Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman told these reporters from
Bloomberg News the same thing saying the
kingdom had nothing to hide but when
asked if Khashoggi was still inside the
consulate the crown prince said he's not
inside the next day his Consul General
Muhammad olive tabby even brought
reporters into the building
telling them Jamal is not at the
consulate he also said the building's
cameras did not record any footage from
the day keshavjee disappeared for the
next two weeks Saudi media outlets
denounced what they called baseless
allegations that Khashoggi was killed
inside the consulate accusing the
world's media of spreading fake news to
spark panic and blame Saudi authorities
saudi-owned
Allah be a TV network described the 15
men identified by Turkish officials as
members of a hit squad as tourists
falsely accused of murder but with
gruesome details of his death constantly
leaking to the press and growing
pressure from Washington and other
capitals the Saudis had to come up with
an explanation
the problem was had they come clean
early on saying yes he was killed even
in an interrogation going wrong I think
the momentum of this that was building
over now almost more than two weeks
basically created something that that is
bigger then it actually was early on had
they responded early on I think they
could have had this moment this momentum
go away but they haven't and the more
they said the more they spread lies and
conspiracy theories the more this was
actually growing into becoming what it
is now an uncontrollable avalanche of
allegations Amnesty International says
Saudi Arabia's statement that keshavjee
died during a brawl are not trustworthy
and mark an abysmal new low in its human
rights record the rights group is
calling for an independent investigation
Andrew Chappell al Jazeera
