at 32 zhangzhou focuses all her
attention on building her wealth this
motivation she says comes from growing
up with very little facial facial Julia
money is very very important because
money can bring me the sense of security
I don't want to live poor again living
in Hangzhou zhangzhou embodies the
entrepreneurial spirit in the city known
for its financial technology industry
and home to e-commerce giant Alibaba but
she and millions of other people in
China have lost billions of dollars
after investing in what are known as
peer-to-peer lending platforms or p2p
amid stricter government oversight then
the panic withdrawal of funds by
investors more than 200 firms have
failed in the last three months
p2p firms gather money from investors
and then lend money to small businesses
and individuals with many promising high
returns on those investments and that
concerns economists as the p2p industry
in china is the world's largest with
more than a hundred and ninety billion
dollars at play this on the 10th
anniversary of the global financial
crisis for the - problem I think it's a
hidden bomb in China for a long time but
now it looks especially dangerous
because of a lot of a lot of those dads
are tied to the property market and like
the reason the p2p crisis much of the
borrowing or used to finance and their
housing market is speculation and she
says some aspects of p2p lending are
similar to the subprime loans in the
u.s. that led to the 2008 global
financial crisis the outcry over the
failing p2p companies was so big in July
that the government here in Hangzhou had
to use athletic stadiums to house the
complaint centers for the thousands of
investors looking to get their money
back or simply find out where it went
some of those who lost money took their
anger to the offices of 1 p2p firm
protesting out front chanting we want
our money back
as a businesswoman and investor jeongjo
has diversified her investments not just
in p2p firms she's lucky as many other
Chinese have lost their life savings in
the crisis but moving forward she has
learned her lesson saying she won't
blindly invest her money and will be
much more cautious and careful but for
many it's too late
Scott hi there al Jazeera Hangzhou
