you'd be forgiven for thinking whaling
is a thing of the past
gone are the fleet's slaughtering whales
to near extinction commercial whaling is
banned trading and whale products as to
and yet every year Japan Norway and
Iceland kill at least 1500 that's an
estimated 45,000 whales at least since
the ban was introduced in 1986 and they
want to take more Norway has never been
bound by the 86 moratorium because it
lodged an objection Japan and Iceland
conduct a scientific whaling a
controversial loophole allowing
countries to hunt for research purposes
together they have been lobbying the
International Whaling Commission to
reinstate sustainable commercial whaling
for stocks that they say have recovered
anti-whaling countries those say the
numbers and the practices just don't
stack up they accused Japan of
aggressive lobbying in particular of
trying to entice developing nations to
vote on their side and return for
investment in their fishing industries
and so every two years
IWC member nations on both sides of the
divide prepare for a fight like whaling
itself it's a bloody business
