in the corridors of power in Berlin
there are reasons to be cheerful 10
years ago the German economy was so well
insulated that the big crash was never
going to cause a crisis so much has
changed in other European countries but
not here in the first six months of this
year alone the German economy ran a
budget surplus of over fifty billion
dollars that's almost three percent of
Germany's gross domestic product or
annual wealth it's the kind of figure
that makes other countries either
extremely jealous or absolutely furious
it was the German government that
demanded after the bank started to fall
that the European Commission imposed new
rules on countries like Greece forcing
them to adopt hugely destructive tax
raising powers in return for bailouts
and loans a decade on stagnant economies
and huge unemployment levels of what's
left the proceeds went to the banks not
the people many economists hold Germany
directly responsible for bankruptcy in
Greece it is very anti-democratic
approach but it is something that gives
assurance to German politicians that
there are rules and that they can be
adhered to and that things will work out
but I think that kind of comfort is
illusionary in his defense Germany would
argue that if other countries have
behaved in the right way in the first
place then the ones have been a problem
most of the political class here bears
few regrets about driving policies which
proved so controversial no absolutely
not I think that was the only way the
fact that we are successful in all these
countries shows that this was the right
way and it's like in the it's like in
the private sphere if you don't have
debt you are a free man and if you have
that you have to listen to
the persons who gave the money the one
area which Germany has suffered from in
recent years has been the rise of
far-right populism born partly from
economics in poor areas but also from
anger towards Chancellor Merkel's
generous asylum policies for Refugees
this week though the German government
announced it was devoting billions of
euros to tackle long-term unemployment a
certain way of diffusing anger Germany
is able to make these choices in ways
others can only dream about lawrence lee
al jazeera berlin
