the world's largest mammals evoke the
strongest passions and the controversy
about what should be fair game for human
consumption scientists and
conservationists say whales play a
fundamental role in maintaining the
oceans biodiversity while countries like
Japan Iceland and Norway argue that
whale stocks are no longer depleted at
the 67th International Whaling
Commission conference a highly
contentious motion led by Japan to lift
the current moratorium on commercial
whaling was struck down but Japan
insists its rights are being denied
Japan is island country so every marine
living resources including whales is
very very important and we always are
trying to pursue sustainable use on
every marine living resources clearly
angry over its defeat Japan's deputy
fisheries minister warned his country
will be reassessing its continued
membership in the IWC outside the venue
conservationists groups celebrated their
victory but they're still out here
protesting and the reason is that even
though the ban remains in place the
capture and killing of whales continues
countries like Japan and Iceland argue
that it's necessary for scientific
research even though much of the meat
ends up on someone's table host country
Brazil was also disappointed its
initiative to create a Marine Sanctuary
in the entire South Atlantic was denied
shame that is it is the fact of vetoed
by countries that are not in our regions
it is voted against by countries that
are completely foreign for now Wales
will at least remain off-limits to those
who believe that there is legitimate a
source of food as other mammals like
pigs and beef you see a Newman
al-jazeera florian√≥polis
