hello I'm Adrienne Finnegan this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week ten years later why
young people are picking up the bill for
the global financial crisis also this
week the weakest links fears over a
seismic economic event that could be
brewing in emerging markets Plus behind
gated walls the growing wealth divided
at the housing market this week we're
marking an important anniversary ten
years ago on September 15th Wall Street
bank Lehman Brothers collapsed but this
event wasn't about a 150 year old bank
Lehman was a key part of a chain
reaction one which ultimately threatened
to unravel the global financial system
banks across the US had been offering
housing loans to people with bad credit
for years so-called subprime mortgages
and this is where things got complicated
those loans were packaged into risky
products and sold onto global
institutions regulators were asleep at
the wheel and huge risks were taken
Lehman triggered widespread panic over
fears that the system was riddled with
bad debt credit dried up and banks
stopped lending to each other
governments had to bail out banks and
enact emergency measures taxpayers money
was pumped into the global financial
system to keep it alive the loss of
confidence in the system led to a global
recession and a huge collapse in
consumer wealth the after effects are
still being felt today so what's
actually changed since you may ask well
global growth has recovered since the
great financial crisis and the recession
that followed the world is on track for
3.9 percent growth in 2018 according to
the IMF but that recovery is very uneven
we've seen a decade of record low
interest rates and new rules and
regulations to shore up the banking
system but the emergency measures used
to stimulate the economy and bring it
back to life have been in use for much
longer than intended quantitative easing
or
government buying of assets help to
preserve wealth for those that had it
but young people today can't afford to
acquire assets that wealth gap is on the
increase globally total debt is now
worse than before the collapse of Lehman
Brothers those record low interest rates
in the developed world meant that it was
cheaper for developing nations or
emerging markets to borrow in dollars or
Euros and we're now entering an era in
which central banks like the US Federal
Reserve aren't keeping rates low anymore
and that's lending support to the dollar
so as the dollar Rises it's now costing
those emerging markets a lot more to
repay their debts and what about Wall
Street well stock markets have tripled
in value since the crisis but it's tech
stocks which have replaced financials as
the new Masters of the Universe so if
another crisis is brewing where will it
come from Al Jazeera Scott Haider
reports from hangjo where part of
China's massive shadow banking system
has recently faced a crisis of its own
and some aspects are similar to what
happened in 2008
at 32 zhangzhou focuses all her
attention on building her wealth this
motivation she says comes from growing
up with very little tanawanda a facial
facial Julia
money is very very important because
money can bring me the sense of security
I don't want to live poor again living
in Hangzhou zhangzhou embodies the
entrepreneurial spirit in the city known
for its financial technology industry
and home to e-commerce giant Alibaba but
she and millions of other people in
China have lost billions of dollars
after investing in what are known as
peer-to-peer lending platforms or p2p
amid stricter government oversight than
the panic withdrawal of funds by
investors more than 200 firms have
failed in the last three months
p2p firms gather money from investors
and then lend money to small businesses
and individuals with many promising high
returns on those investments and that
concerns economists as the p2p industry
in china is the world's largest with
more than a hundred and ninety billion
dollars at play this on the 10th
anniversary of the global financial
crisis for the dad problem I think it's
a hidden bomb in China for a long time
but now it looks especially dangerous
because of lot of a lot of those dads
are tied to the property market and like
the recent p2p crisis much of the
borrowing or used to finance and their
housing market is speculation and she
says some aspects of p2p lending are
similar to the subprime loans in the
u.s. that led to the 2008 global
financial crisis the outcry over the
failing p2p companies was so big in July
that the government here in Hangzhou had
to use athletic stadiums to house the
complaint centers for the thousands of
investors looking to get their money
back or simply find out where it went
some of those who lost money took their
anger to the offices of one p2p firm
protesting out front chanting we want
our money back
joining us now from London is Russell
Jones Russell's an economist and partner
at Llewellyn consulting an independent
economics advisory firm Russell great to
have you with us again on counting the
cost now you were at Lehman Brothers 10
years ago is this financial crisis over
because a lot of young people feel that
they're still paying for it I think
there are still some issues that need to
be handled my sense is that are though
the financial system the international
financial system is a lot safer than it
was in 2007 or at least should we say
it's better equipped to deal with the
sort of crisis which began in 2007 and
2008 there are still some some
outstanding problems not least in the
area of of economic policy I think that
we are overly dependent upon monetary
policy if you like the mix of fiscal and
monetary policy is still too skewed in
favor of what central banks have to do I
think that there's been a lot of
shortcomings where structural or supply
side policy is concerned and that's left
us with a lower potential rate of growth
in the advanced economies and I also am
concerned that there is an element of
backtracking on some of the financial
sector reforms in the United States and
this is something that we see quite
often the desire to reform the financial
sector after a crisis tends to weigh in
the longer we are in to the recovery the
sort of a a Pro cyclic ality if you like
and again you can see that in some of
the things that the Trump administration
has done recently Gordon Brown was
Britain's Prime Minister 10 years ago
on Thursday he said that we're
sleepwalking into the next crisis that
the world is not ready to deal with
another crisis is he right I think what
mr. Brown said has more than a grain of
truth in it we still have an awful lot
of private sector debt in the world
economy which was one of the imbalances
which which was
playing out the last financial crisis
there's still a lot of debt
I think another point that mr. Brown
made which I would certainly agree with
is that the cooperation between the
major economies is really under a great
deal of pressure at the moment mr. Trump
has launched quite an attack on the
international financial institutions and
it was through the guise of those
international financial institutions the
IMF the World Bank and so on the OECD
that a lot of the policy measures that
were taken at the depth of the crisis
were were conducted through or with the
help of and we're now in an environment
where there's a lot more bilateralism
there's a lot less multilateralism as I
say the Americans the most powerful
economy in the world still their
government is if anything undermining
these international institutions and
that is extremely troubling was it
Warren Buffett who said you don't know
who's swimming naked until the tide goes
out and to quote Buffett again where are
the new weapons of mass destruction
emerging markets could a whole country
fail I'm thinking about Argentina and
its problems well it's no doubt that the
emerging markets now are increasingly
important they account for more than
than half of global GDP and it's also
the case that the Chinese economy which
has a huge amount of outstanding debt is
increasingly important it's actually
been a good thing over the last nine
years it's it's grown very fast and
that's helped to to to bring the world
economy out of out of what was
effectively a depression but it is
vulnerable it has this debt problem
there are underlying tensions between
the sort of capitalist economic system
and the the communist political system
in China which haven't gone away and as
you said there are other emerging market
economies which are in deep trouble
Argentina Brazil Turkey I I'd even go as
far as South Africa and maybe even some
of the smaller countries like Egypt
Pakistan and so on
so we have
to be concerned about those and in some
of those economies the politics which
are playing out are really not conducive
to the right sort of policy response and
they are in particular I'm thinking
about the the imminent elections in
Brazil and Argentina and the political
situation in Turkey where you have a
president who doesn't seem to want to
take on board any of the conventional
economic wisdom and that's a worry
Russell you talk about that the
troubling levels of high levels of
personal debt that we've seen how do you
go about fixing the inequality that the
last ten years the financial crisis has
led to I'm thinking about in particular
young people who can't get on the
housing market for instance with with
huge student loans that they've got to
pay off over the course of their working
lives I think there have to be some
really innovative responses to this I
mean income inequality wealth inequality
are huge issues and as you hinted there
is an increasingly an intergenerational
element to this with the young feeling
that they're getting very much the thin
end of the wedge as it were I think
politicians are going to have to be
agile innovative my sense is the way to
look at this is that we need to become
more interventionist but doesn't mean
that we have to abandon the sort of
capitalist model which has
notwithstanding the crisis we experience
has been so successful for so many
centuries but in order to make that
capitalist model work and work well
we're gonna have to redistribute more
and we're going to have to think of some
some new ways of doing that my sense is
that higher taxation on the wealthy is
is unavoidable my sense is that more
transfers from pensioners back into the
younger generations is unavoidable we
are going to have to do this otherwise
the political environment we face which
is already let's face it pretty fraught
is going to become even more unpleasant
and even more difficult to deal with I
would say that addressing an income
inequality
is something which will help to save the
current system rather than undermine it
we're now in the era of the
trillion-dollar company what are the
dangers when you've got companies like
Amazon and Apple who are who are worth
more than a lot of a lot of the world's
economies already you're seeing this
ability of them to escape the taxation
net in different jurisdictions generate
political problems political criticisms
these are entities which are now hugely
powerful and this is a brave new world
and I think this is again another
example where the authorities whether
it's the tax authorities or the
regulatory authorities are consistently
having to play catch-up as these new
entities develop and innovates and so on
Russell really good to talk to you on
counting the cost many thanks indeed for
being with us thank you all right still
to come on counting the cost I'm
Laurence Lee in Berlin we're 10 years
after the financial crash the German
economy continues to go from strength to
strength
but what costs to other European
countries
now while the great financial crisis was
playing out on Wall Street and in
government ministries its roots lay in
small towns and cities across the u.s.
families pursuing the dream of
homeownership
fell victim to unscrupulous banks and
predatory lending schemes al-jazeera's
Rob Reynolds reports from Paris in
California just before the crash life
was good for Betty Nicanor her parents
and her kids they'd recently bought a
brand-new house our house was just huge
it was a really big house it had five
bedrooms four bathrooms all of that it
just seemed so perfect but the dream
house proved to be a cruel illusion a
salesman had convinced her father may
Nardo to sign an adjustable rate
mortgage on a property worth seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars but
the family's income was only sixty
thousand dollars a year in 2008 and 2009
the area's housing prices plummeted like
they did nationwide and their home
payments rose higher and higher unable
to make the monthly payments they
reached out to their bank we try to
refinance they wouldn't help us
three weeks later monarda lost his job
and the dream house was sold what was
the home worth by then 3:30 you bought
it at $750,000 yes yes the family wound
up nearly broke with their credit ruined
I would give half or three years
everything this area of California
Riverside County was one of the hardest
hit during the housing collapse and the
recession it had the third highest rate
of home foreclosures in the entire US
Fabian Casas Reza's organization helps
low-income people with home ownership it
was chaos here we were Ground Zero the
market was just you know upside down
here it was it was it was chaos it was
total chaos and you know it took years
to get out of it and I was there and I
still dare to say that we're still in it
the Nick and ORS struggled to get back
on their feet
was the one who took it the hardest she
went into depression you know my dad was
just like broken into he was like you
know I can't believe this happened to us
Gloria Nicanor suffered a series of
strokes and heart attacks and earlier
this year May Nardo Nicanor was
diagnosed with colon cancer he's had
surgery and has to wear a portable
chemotherapy pump but he continues to
work everyday the nikah doors have saved
some money and are now in the process of
buying a modest house nearby a step
towards security after a decade of pain
Johnny is now from Canberra Australia is
Tim Riordan Tim's the principal
economist with the housing industry
association there Tim good to have you
with us on counting the cost so 10 years
this week since the collapse of Lehman
Brothers triggered of course by the US
subprime mortgage crisis in the 10 years
since we've managed to save Wall Street
what's been done to save the housing
market though is there still such a
thing as subprime is it any easier now
or harder to get a mortgage if you are a
lower income earner could it all happen
again I think it's very unlocked that it
could happen again but certainly the the
global financial crisis the the
precursor to that the failure Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac the subprime lenders in
the United States that they've certainly
given us the greatest economic shock
we've seen at least since the oil crisis
in the 1970s and quite possibly longer
it's it's going to leave an indelible
mark on both economic history books and
global history books for its impact on
society and the economy there have been
enormous changes globally in terms of
lending practices the United States has
severely changed the way in which their
derivative markets operate we've seen
global multinational agreements come
into place which have ensured that
countries are operating much better from
a regulatory perspective to ensure that
there aren't the derivatives trading
practices that were occurring back 10 15
years ago that led to the global
financial crisis so I think the risks
are the economy going forward are very
different I don't think that subprime
market that that issue is not going
rise again we've learned our lesson from
that overly free lending practices but
the medicine Tim that we use to fix the
crisis was poisoned for a whole
generation of people who now can no
longer afford to buy assets to get on to
the the housing crisis this the housing
ladder sorry this is where inequality i
supposes is most visible how do you fix
that inequality is there has been a
structural change there those that own
prior to 2007 in in global markets have
certainly had an advantage but that that
will correct over time it is correcting
over time from a government regulatory
perspective we're staying to see that
for the first time really since the
Second World War
global money supply starting to tighten
from what has been an incredibly lacks
position so from from a regulatory
perspective from the government
perspective there's certainly a role
they have to play there to ensure the
first-time buyers are young people low
income earners have a place in the
housing market you can see that through
practices in in different countries the
builds rent market in a variety of
different countries as a transitioning
into other models that allow owners to
either lease land rent land or purchase
their house through other mechanisms
that's not the same as the the subprime
market that we saw prior to 2007 um and
it's a variety of different different
mechanisms there the government's have
to shoot Tim really good to talk to you
on county in the course thanks for being
with us well thank you for your time a
new report says that more than 40
million Americans are struggling to pay
for enough food month-to-month now while
that is a small improvement on recent
years it still means that many people
are forced to rely on handouts Al
Jazeera's Kristen salumi has been to
visit a Food Bank in New York
Martina Santos volunteers at this food
pantry in Manhattan where once a week
she makes lunch for all the staff
this is like a bread pudding when I made
it last night in my house this time in
addition to bread pudding its beef
chicken or pork with vegetables and
beans but like many other volunteers
here Martina also relies on the pantry
herself to help feed her family of four
she's what's known as food insecure
which means she struggles to pay for all
the food her family needs it's important
for me because they have for me to put a
food on the table know when I'm running
out I coming over here
I got me I got rice I got beans and I
got some fresh vegetable fruits and
vegetables the pantry is run by the
Westside campaign against hunger which
allows low-income families to come once
a month you get three days worth of
groceries although it's based in the
affluent Upper West Side of Manhattan
it sees customers from all five boroughs
of New York City a lot of the people who
rely on food pantries like this one
don't qualify for federal assistance
what's known as snap or food stamps so
even as the number of food insecure
people in the United States has gone
down their reliance on places like this
has remained high two thirds of our
customers are exclusively
spanish-speaking and many of them are
recent immigrants and are not able to
access some of the federal benefits that
help to keep families afloat and so
they're increasingly leaning on places
like here to meet their family's basic
needs according to the group Hunger Free
America it's a common misperception that
people who rely on food assistance don't
work in the last few decades the number
of private charities in America has
absolutely skyrocketed yet the number of
people hungry has skyrocketed why
because we've replaced living wage jobs
with poverty jobs and we've slashed a
government safety net
making the work these charities do
essential if not a solution to the
problem finally this week 10 years after
the financial crash of 2008 Germany
still stands accused of helping to wreck
the Greek economy by demanding punitive
austerity measures but inside the German
government there's no remorse as
Lawrence Lee reports from Berlin in the
corridors of power in Berlin there are
reasons to be cheerful ten years ago the
German economy was so well insulated
that a big crash was never going to
cause a crisis so much has changed in
other European countries but not here in
the first six months of this year alone
the German economy around a budget
surplus of over fifty billion dollars
that's almost three percent of Germany's
gross domestic product or annual wealth
it's the kind of figure that makes other
countries either extremely jealous or
absolutely furious it was the German
government that demanded after the banks
started to fall that the European
Commission imposed new rules on
countries like Greece forcing them to
adopt hugely destructive tax raising
powers in return for bailouts and loans
a decade on stagnant economies and huge
unemployment levels of what's left the
proceeds went to the banks not the
people many economists hold Germany
directly responsible for bankruptcy in
Greece it is a very anti-democratic
approach but it is something that gives
assurance to German politicians that
there are rules and that they can be
adhered to and that things will work out
but I think that kind of comfort is
illusionary in his defense Germany would
argue that if other countries have
behaved in the right way in the first
place then the ones have been a problem
most of the political class here bears a
few regrets about driving policies which
proved so controversial no absolutely
not I think that was the only way the
fact that we are successful in all these
countries shows that this was the right
way and it's like in the it's like in
the private sphere if you don't have
debt you are a free man and if you have
debt you have to listen to the persons
who gave you the money the one area
which Germany has suffered from in
recent years has been the rise of
far-right populism born partly from
economics in poor areas but also from
anger toward Chancellor Merkel's
generous asylum policies for Refugees
this week though the German government
announced it was devoting billions of
euros to tackle long-term unemployment a
certain way of defusing anger Germany is
able to make these choices in ways
others can only dream about and that is
our show for this week if you want to
get in touch with us and comment on
anything you've seen you can tweet me
I'm at a Finnigan on Twitter please use
the hashtag a JCTC when you do or you
can drop us a line counting the cost of
Al Jazeera net is our email address as
always there's plenty more for you
online at Al Jazeera comm /c TC that
will take you straight to our page there
you'll find individual reports links
even entire episodes for you to catch up
on but that's it for this edition of
counting the cost I'm Adrian Finnegan
from the whole team here in Doha thanks
for being with us the news on al Jazeera
is next
