the Secretary General of the OAS Luis
Almagro swamped by Venezuelan migrants
and photographers as he tries to make
his way through the Simon Bolivar Bridge
migrants shout freedom for Venezuela as
others shake on mongers hand and cry for
help we need them to do something
anything
we need countries to unite to help
democracy and food to return to
Venezuela the visit to the Colombian
border town of cúcuta is the first stop
of a series of meetings in countries
across South America strained by the
growing exodus of Venezuelans a newly
formed workgroup has been tasked to
design a more coordinate regional
response to this unprecedented mass
migration at a press conference almagro
said only restoring democracy in
Venezuela can solve the crisis and that
a military intervention can be ruled out
we've never seen such an immoral
government in the world once so
unwilling to allow humanitarian aid to
enter their country when they are in the
middle of an unprecedented humanitarian
crisis this is absolutely unacceptable
Colombian authorities are asking for
financial aid and want the United
Nations to appoint a special
representative to coordinate to the
International response almost a million
Venezuelans are currently living in
Colombia but the real number is likely
higher as authorities make it more
difficult for Venezuelans to cross
legally new unofficial and often
dangerous routes open up as migrants
make their way to countries as far as
Ecuador in Peru
this is the scene repeating itself
day after day here at the border we've
been here just ten minutes and we've
seen dozens and dozens of Venezuelan
migrants trying to cross illegally into
Colombia many of them carry bags to try
to smuggle meat or scrap metal or truly
anything they can sell for real money to
continue their journey we haven't had
anything to eat for four days we bring
metal and plastic I don't know how much
I will make with this but at least
enough for a piece of bread a more
structured regional response to the
crisis might help struggling receiving
countries like Colombia but no one
believes that unless there's real change
in Venezuela that the flood can be
stopped
Alessandro mp8d al Jazeera cúcuta
