even in her weakened state florence
packs a punch the hurricane has been
downgraded to a tropical storm but it
hit the coast of North Carolina with
strong winds driving rain and a swelling
surf weather experts warn there's much
more to come I do want to emphasize that
this is only the beginning
florence is a very slow mover will
continue to Trek along the south the
North Carolina and South Carolina
coastline for the next 24 to 36 hours
the storm is slowly moving inland flood
waters have begun submerging roads and
seeping into homes with up to 75
centimeters of rain expected in some
areas a storm surge on the news river
north of the eye of the storm brought
the most serious flooding so far
emergency crews have been called to
rescue hundreds who ignored evacuation
orders utility workers have come from
all over the country to help these are
just a few of the trucks that are
standing by the utility company has
warned that millions of people could
lose power so far the number is in the
hundreds of thousands but the storm is
far from over further inland boarded up
buildings and overturned trees but still
waiting for what could be the worst to
come kristen salumi al jazeera
Fayetteville North Carolina
