lining up in protest these marijuana
users in Bogota are demonstrating
against the presidential decree banning
personal drug possession
we are not violent people we consciously
regulate our habit without causing any
damage to others and today we peacefully
disobey they say the government is
treating them as criminals denying them
their constitutional rights we want to
tell the state and society that the time
has come to start a real public debate
on the issue of drugs instead of going
back to hardline repressive policies to
get their point across the group tried
to march to the center of the city but
the rally was promptly dispersed by
police selling and consuming drugs in
public is against the law in Colombia
but for two decades there has been legal
for people to carry small amounts for
personal use but one of presidents Dukas
main campaign promises had been a
tougher stance on all drugs in a country
which remains the biggest producer of
cocaine in the world Duque wants to
bring back aerial fumigation of coca
crops and increase forced eradication
policies that have received the applause
at the Donald Trump administration in
the US the new decree lets policemen
stop and frisk anybody on the streets
confiscate drugs and fine offenders we
are not sending consumers to jail it's
about taking the drugs away and
destroying them because these substances
harm public health and they harm
children yet experts say the new
measures will have little effect on
criminal organizations political science
professor Sandra boorda's received
personal attacks and even threats for
denouncing the decree and revealing
she's a recreational smoker of marijuana
I don't think this is gonna have any
particular effect on the war on drugs I
think that this is not gonna be a way to
reduce consumption traffic or even
production
I think that what they are doing right
now is basically pandering to a very
conservative base that supports the
government right now drug use has
increased in Colombia as the country has
grown economically in the past that has
spent billions of dollars fighting the
war on drugs with little success it's
unclear what a return to traditional
hardline and repressive policies can
achieve this time Allison MPT al Jazeera
Bogota
