in what's been said to resemble a
massive internment camp shrouded in
secrecy China has been accused of
detaining up to 1 million Weger Muslims
in its Xin Jiang region under what UN
experts have called a pretext of
countering terrorism and religious
extremism
over the past decade human rights groups
have documented widespread repression of
this Turkic ethnic minority from banning
religious customs to forcing wiegert's
to change their Muslim names and attend
communist party rallies Beijing however
denies allegations of mass detentions
and discrimination
it says strict security measures in Xin
Jiang are aimed at preserving stability
and preventing deadly attacks but is the
government crackdown only going to lead
to more unrest and more violence and
other weak is really a threat to Chinese
national security joining me to discuss
this on nore Turkel chairman of the
Weger Human Rights Project in Washington
DC and from Beijing Victor Gao
vice-president of the center for China
and globalization a Chinese think-tank
thank you both for joining me in the
arena
Victor let me start with you hundreds of
thousands of we gas perhaps up to a
million according to UN investigators
have been detained in the Xin Jiang
region without trial without charge in
re-education camps how on earth can
anyone justify that no such allegation
is completely groundless
and I think they are designed to mislead
the world the Weagle people are a very
important minority one of the 56 ethnic
groups in China and they are a proud
member of the Chinese nation and I
personally have many wigle friends here
in Beijing as well as a many cities in
Xinjiang to say that the wiegel people
are a threat to the Chinese nation
that's completely ungrounded again
indeed there are small groups of wigle
extremists who want to achieve so-called
independence for King John for example
they are related to the overseas
terrorist groups they fight in
Afghanistan against the American troops
against our NATO troops now they fight
in Syria for example these people are
not only a threat to China but also a
threat to the United States and to NATO
and to
the countries in the world therefore I
think we need to close ranks to fight
against this particular terrorist groups
among the Wiegel oh gosh analogy nuri
the united nations claims the amnesty
claims about mass detentions are all
groundless says victor if that's what
they claim
why don't they allow independent
observers media to get access as you may
know BuzzFeed a reporter reporting on
China won The Weavers in China just
kicked out of the country what are they
hiding for Victor we have satellite
imagery showing that there are camps
they are growing in size are we not
supposed to believe our own lying eyes
now I think the reports do not exist in
line with the realities in Xinjiang
altogether there are about six or seven
million legal people you are talking
about let's say 1 billion for the 6 or 7
million we go people in Xinjiang that's
ludicrous these are the facts these are
misleading things try to diffuse try to
confuse the world
Noorie it is undeniable there have been
deadly attacks carried out in China by
Weger groups including by the so called
Turkistan Islamic party which the EU the
UK the US have all designated a
terrorist organization the Chinese
government isn't making it up the
security threat is it let me make it
clear every country has a right to
defend itself end of the story period
but locking up few million people in
concentration camps under the claim of
achieving social stability national
security is it doesn't make any sense
when you look at who they have been
holding up you would be surprised the
population pool we have religious
leaders we have a humanitarian
individuals who philanthropist the
business leaders we have a people in
academia New York Times just reported 52
years old anthropologists have been
disappeared we have Ilham tohti that the
Economist economy civil society also has
nothing to actually there's only you can
only spend so much the victor is trying
very well let's bring by let's bring
Victor back in let me ask Victor this
Victor what is the security
justification
for banning Weger parents from naming
their sons Muhammad banning Weger
children from entering mosques banning
government employees in xingyang from
fasting during Ramadan banning men from
growing quote abnormally long beard how
is that not state-sponsored persecution
and discrimination against weaker
Muslims not based on my personal
experience and observation what you said
is not the truth in shinjang other
mosques are very very useful it's
specifically sanctions their normal
behavior such as growing beard carrying
Islamic names even marrying Weger people
is considered extremist in that law you
can read that law and also as you know
there is a law that governs
counterterrorism issues the Chinese
government not only violating its
international obligation but also
violating its all domestic laws
Constitution and criminal procedures
even counterterrorism law so you cannot
deny victor let's be honest your
government is violating their own laws
period I know the importance of law is
in China
I really hope everyone respects the law
however in Xinjiang the major threat we
face is terrorism and extremism and
separatism and I think the authorities
have a right to make sure that the
innocent people are not harmed and that
extreme version of religion of all kinds
is not penetrating through the
population and then people cannot miss
use religion as an excuse to stir up
trouble to destabilize and to bring the
society to a halt and I think that
people are justified to that let me ask
you this Marie Victor keeps talking
about separators of being a threat we
know you said you don't support
terrorism most weekers don't support
terrorism but on the issue of separatism
our organizations like your own and
other Uighur organizations around the
world are they only campaigning for the
human rights of we girls living in Xin
Jiang
who according to all human rights groups
and UN officials are having their human
rights abuse or are you going a step
further
are you say actually we want an
independent so-called East Turkestan
which existed perhaps for a few years in
late 1940 is that what you're calling
for because if you are then it's
understandable at least that the Chinese
government aren't gonna tolerate that
most governments democratic or otherwise
aren't okay with separatist groups
trying to break up how to use a Google
wouldn't know what the organization that
I work with stands for we've worked to
achieve the wiggers right to
self-determination through peaceful and
democratic Musee self-determination what
does that mean you do want an
independent our affairs we want to be
treated with respect or anything do you
want an independent state separate from
China yep very quite maybe we just
wanted to have independent state can you
understand the Chinese government like
many other governments aren't gonna be
okay with that Chinese government in a
way creating a anti colonial resistance
among the weekers with their ruthless
policies okay let's put that point into
Victor do you get that point Victor that
you're driving wiggers more into the
arms of extreme groups separatist groups
making them much more anti colonial
listen there are three evils in Xinjiang
and three evils involving certain parts
of the wiegel minorities that is
separatism terrorism and extremism and
there are extreme elements among the
Wiegel people who want to let's say
achieve so-called independence of
Xinjiang in China according to the
Chinese law this is treason
this is separatism very straightforward
question now if you lock people up if
you treat them like enemies of the state
to quote UN investigators is that not
more likely to make them upset angry and
more less likely to be want to be part
of China it's pretty straightforward now
I think we need to be realistic and
pragmatic as well as philosophical I
think very poor not justified literally
Spanish or mystery novels
cannot be tolerated okay do you accept
any mistreatment of the wiggers in Xin
Jiang do you think everything's fine I
says three evils DT do you think I'll
fine and endemic
one Chinese official said the Uighur
Muslims in Xin Jie are the happiest
Muslims in the world do you agree with
that rather absurd statement the we go
people are a very proud member of the
Chinese nation they are very important
part of the Chinese civilization they
are believing Islam the majority of the
people here in China more or less
believe in Buddhism we have different
faiths that's a reality however your
government nation here sisters Victor be
honest your government that's his
official line treating and perceiving we
Islam as a mental disease listen listen
to me if I practice or believe in three
evils I'll be arrested I may be detained
I may be sentenced to too many years in
which you cannot practice extremism
separatism and terrorism we're not
talking about that is what we're talking
about University practice that economies
of explains the best oh sorry the Slayer
musician be legal consequences okay
we're gonna have to wrap it up one final
question to you nuri isn't the problem
for the we Gers that even when the
United Nations investigators come out
and say there may be a million people
may have been detained the world isn't
really gonna do much are they because
the Chinese government isn't the kind of
government you could push around or
sanction or intimidate Muslim majority
countries aren't gonna care about the
weaker Muslims because they've got
financial and trade deals with China
investment deals what actually do you
expect the international community to do
they can do a lot of stuff number one
they can sanction those politicians and
political leaders in China who are
responsible for the egregious human
rights violations taking place today in
number two they should use its
international influence China still
cares about its international image the
face-saving is a huge concern for the
Chinese government using engagement
using legal tools about their disposal
and also perhaps linking the human
rights issue the wicker issue to de
trade a dialogue might be a possible
solution in the short term Noorie will
have to leave it there
nore Terkel victor GAO thank you both
for joy
in the arena to debate this very
controversial issue thats our show up
front we'll be back next week
you
