Massachusetts made history last week I
honor presently beats
a ten-time congressman by almost 20
points
despite being outspent she will now
almost certainly be the state's first
african-american member of the House of
Representatives and as with so many
successful progressive candidates she
built a coalition of younger white
voters and minorities on a platform of
the right to health care education and
economic and social justice policies
that have become so engrained in our
daily lives as to have almost convinced
ourselves that there wasn't anything we
could do about but as we now know change
it wait yet one group was notable for
withholding its support in fact it
supported her white opponent the
Congressional Black Caucus for president
that wasn't really a shock we're clear
about what side were on we're on the
side of grassroots around the side of
working people and we're on the side of
an insurgent left that that's talking
about the issues that folks have been
have been frankly in the black community
these are issues that that we've been in
front of as black voters unfortunately
there's been a a centrist political
class that's been sort of stymieing that
debate and now it's coming to the fore
here at the CBC's annual conference
delegates can see the black left are
mobilizing a multiracial electorate
across the country and winning with
candidates who argue the goal isn't just
to fit in to the us as social and
economic system but to transform it even
to overthrow it but the CBC has long
been criticized for seeming to argue
that all black America wants is to fit
in corporate America posed tens of
millions of dollars into the CBC and
questions have long been raised as to
how that's affected the policy positions
of CBC members from weakening financial
regulations on the banks accused of
predatory lending to black communities
to voting for the militarization of the
police or the expansion of the us's wars
abroad the Congressional Black Caucus
said it was unable to provide us with a
representative
to interview the polls show that fear of
Trump will not suffice to get voters to
the ballot box candidates offering
genuine alternatives who will in 2007
the CBC didn't even endorsed Barack
Obama preferring Hillary Clinton now it
faces the same questions that led to
that decision what does the CBC stand
for and does it comprehend the changes
taking place in the United States
she Abra tan see al Jazeera Washington
