the sprawling township of Soweto is rich
in contrast while there is a growing
middle class and a vibrant economy many
here live in poverty one of those people
is Rosie MCB she's unemployed and looks
after for grandchildren with a
government pension of $100 a month it's
too little money to feed for crowing
boys the money runs out before the month
is over we struggle to survive she
brings the children to this Community
Center where they have what is often
their only meal of the day
government statistics show that poverty
levels have increased since 2011 with 14
million South Africans now living in
extreme poverty surviving on less than a
dollar a day 30 million South Africans
live in poverty that's just over half
the population most of those affected
are children while the government
launched a national development plan to
eradicate poverty by 2030 levels are
still rising the poorest of the poor
live on just $35 a month spending a
third of that on food a report by the
Overseas Development Institute says that
up to 60 countries are unlikely to
eliminate extreme poverty by 2030 almost
1/3 of South Africans are unemployed
often relying on the government's social
grants to survive but with low economic
growth economists say this is not
sustainable we are progressing in the
wrong direction and the moment our
population growth is higher than our
economic growth rate our population
growth rate is more than one and a half
percent per annum our economic growth
right as we all know is a negative we
are in a recession and as a result of
that on a per capita basis of Africans
are all between who where according to
the ODI the world has managed to more
than half the number of people living in
extreme poverty still hundreds of
millions like Rosie continue to be the
burden of hardship femida melam al
Jazeera Johannesburg
