300,000 personnel
36,000 tanks and other vehicles 1,000
aircraft 80 ships and supply vessels
that's the size of Vostok 2018 according
to Russia's Defense Ministry even if
there might be some exaggeration there
these drills are still huge the largest
since 1981 Vladimir Putin flew into
wotcher the Sukhoi firing range near
where the russian chinese and bongo lien
borders meet soldiers and hardware from
all three countries are taking part I
want to express special gratitude to the
soldiers of the People's Republic of
China and Mongolia our duty to Russia
I'm referring now to Russian servicemen
our duty to the homeland is to be ready
to defend the sovereignty the security
and the national interests of our
country it's a huge show of force from
the modernized Russian military boosted
by increased funding and the crucial
battle experience it's gained in Syria
the Chinese involvement in Russia's
drills has raised particular concerns in
the West it's a sign the two Eurasian
powers are overcoming historical
animosities to forge a strengthening
partnership they want to show that if
the United States deserts itself in the
Korean Peninsula if they move against
Iran that they're likely to come up
against a unified front between Beijing
and Russia so it's really about showing
solidarity and showing that there's an
alignment of interests Putin said Russia
is a peace-loving state that does not
and cannot have aggressive plans but
NATO has condemned the drills as
rehearsal for a large-scale conflict the
North Atlantic Alliance has also been
testing capabilities British French and
German Jets simulated flight
interceptions over Western Europe on
Wednesday to deter Russian planes from
entering NATO airspace Russia and the
West
haven't seen quite so hostile since the
Cold War these military exercises with
China coincide with Russia hosting the
Chinese President and other Asian
leaders at the Eastern Economic Forum
here in the Pacific port city of
Vladivostok and taken together these two
things showed that Russia increasingly
sees its partners and interests in this
part of the world more than in the kaepa
of Europe and the United States Rory
challon's al-jazeera Vladivostok
