with just weeks until US voters go to
the polls for a vote determining control
of Congress president Donald Trump
signed an executive order to punish
nations to interfere with that election
the president has specifically directed
us the Director of National Intelligence
made Wednesday's announcement along with
National Security Advisor John Bolton it
follows their briefing last month with
other top intelligence and law
enforcement chiefs our democracy itself
is in the crosshairs free and fair
elections are the cornerstone of our
democracy and it has become clear that
they are the target of our adversaries
the White House says those adversaries
include not just Russia accused of
meddling in the 2016 presidential vote
but also China Iran and North Korea and
his summit in Finland with Russian
President Vladimir Putin Trump was
reluctant to point fingers at the
Kremlin he just said it's not Russia
it's a statement
he later backtracked the sentence should
have been I don't see any reason why I
wouldn't or why it wouldn't be Russia
Russia denies any interference in 2016
at a Geneva meeting in August Bolton's
Russian counterpart refused to sign a
joint statement that included the
election meddling allegations still US
intelligence expects there will be more
attempts to interfere Trump's new
executive order hopes to address that
setting up a mechanism through the
Department of Justice and the State
Department to impose sanctions on any
individual or nation 90 days after
election meddling is confirmed the White
House says those sanctions would be
calibrated based on severity and could
include the blocking of assets of anyone
accused of attempting to manipulate
America's vote
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera the White
House
