another agreement aimed at peace in
South Sudan the last time this leaders
signed a par sharing deal in 2015 it
collapsed barely a year later after
violent clashes between the two warring
sites in the capital Juba they say this
time the deal that provides for among
other things five vice-president and 550
members of parliament will hold
despite mistrust between the groups
confidence-building is a process it is
not an event so it is a process which is
actually shown through the conduct and
they the conduct of the people and I'm
sure this will happen the trust will be
built the confidence will be built as we
I will move and as we continue to
implement the agreement South Sudan's
leaders are under immense pressure at
home and internationally to make it work
the regional heads of state did not
specify any action against spoilers it
still remains a possibility I think that
sanctions and things like personal
sanctions and institutional sanctions
and issues of us discussed today and
it's not the no table but we know the
use of those terminologies we've had
them be said before and I'm not saying
and I'm not ruling out if anything
happens now if there's any good forbid
fracture all the signatories say it's
not a perfect deal but they are
committed to implementing it so now they
have eight months to form a transitional
government which will run for three
years opposition groups that have signed
this still say they have concerns with
the division of roles in the executive
and legislature security arrangements as
well as the number of states and
boundary demarcations they also have
reservations about how and who will be
involved in writing a constitution
whatever we did not get now this process
is a progressive process and it is a
process a transitional process that will
take
two years or three years we will add on
our some of these things as we go along
regional leaders and other stakeholders
who witnessed the signing expressed
optimism they say failure is not an
option anymore
for millions of South Sudanese displaced
from their homes those unable to fend
for their families because of our
economy or those who continue to live in
fear violence in their own country
Kathleen sorry al Jazeera Addis Ababa
