it's a sun-dappled September day in
Ramallah families enjoying a public
holiday 25 years since Israeli and
Palestinian leaders signed the Oslo
Accords parts of the occupied West Bank
have attained limited self-government
but a two-state solution the overriding
goal looks more distant now than it did
then I sat down with three members of
the so-called Oslo generation
Palestinians who were born around the
time of the agreement
Rita Abu Ghosh is an activist with the
boycott divestment and sanctions
movement aiming to marshal international
economic pressure against Israel for her
Oslo was flawed from the start
bottled fruit that people sacrifices
very invested politically health
even those who were deported planning it
through signing it after 25 years
I think it was structured for us award a
youth member of the ruling Fatah faction
the agreement was a worthwhile effort
Oslo has lots of positive signs it puts
us geographically and politically on the
international map also the return of
some 55,000 Palestinians including
Arafat Oslo gave us interim self-rule on
1967 borders with East Jerusalem as
capital
unfortunately it was supposed to last
five years it wasn't expected to drag
for 25 years that's a lifetime the
Accords which was supposed to be the
starting point of a path towards
statehood were immediately disrupted by
a Hamas bombing campaign and by the
killing of the Israeli Prime Minister
Yitzhak Rabin by an assassin with
far-right views all the while the
Israeli right was gaining political
ground promoting the inexorable
expansion of illegal settlements on the
Palestinian side came the split between
Hamas in Gaza and Fatah in the occupied
West Bank and a growing disillusionment
with the leadership whose democratic
mandate had long expired Jenin our boat
was once an activist but now she's given
up on politics nothing have changed
however everything is becoming even
worse and worse as a Palestinian and a
lot of other Palestinians they're just
fed up of the case and they're getting
themselves out of politics and they just
want to live their life a poll released
on the Eid of this anniversary suggests
nearly three-quarters of Palestinians
believe conditions were better before
Oslo that two-thirds feel the process
has damaged the national interest such
numbers may be unsurprising right now
with the US administration carrying out
punitive measures against the
Palestinians and the prospects of a
two-state solution being at a
particularly low ebb but they also
reflect the legacy of what many here
believed to have been 25 lost years
Harry Fawcett al-jazeera Ramallah in the
occupied West Bank
