what was a widely anticipated media
conference ended up becoming one of the
most jarring interviews ever held by
president rodrigo duterte
for most of the one hour and a half long
interview Duterte vented his anger on
the Philippine military exposing the
strained relationship between soldiers
and their commander-in-chief
start it now don't let this drag you
plan to sabotage me then go ahead and
the firing a few rounds won't work then
assassinated I will be happy to die in
your hands he accuses soldiers of citing
with his staunchest critic Antonia
tribbiani's the senator accuses the
turday and his family of amassing
illegal wealth which is denied Juliana's
was also one of the proponents of a
complaint in the International Criminal
Court against the Turkish war on illegal
drugs
Duterte order Giuliana's arrest which
the military did not carry out the
Liana's was a navy officer one of the
many to mutiny when Gloria Arroyo was
president
despite his detention for seven years he
campaigned and won a Senate seat he was
granted amnesty by former President
Benigno Aquino seven years ago Duterte
revoked the amnesty saying it was void
but documents showed the amnesty was
legal and absolute and because an
amnesty is irrevocable Juliana says what
the Tata has done isn't presidented and
only done by a desperate leader very
probably question the the psychological
health of their commander-in-chief
because they didn't expect that from the
commander in chief who will actually
incite the sedation and rebellion
against against himself and it threatens
to split the military institution that
has gone through major reforms over the
last thirty years
critics say it is unheard of for a
president to challenge his commanders to
oust him
the third test politics with the AFP is
that of patron client relationship he
dispenses favor she dispenses ranks
people would think of the third day as
logical prone to run but I look at this
person as a calculating person and he is
not to be underestimated the Senate
leadership has given Giuliana's
sanctuary so he remains within the
premises for now meanwhile the military
has made a commitment that it will only
follow orders that are in line with the
Constitution still men here are worried
they say do tear it is relentless
pursuit of Giuliana's no matter the
costs may further destabilize the
country's already fragile democracy
Jamel Allen dogging al-jazeera Manila
