what is the secret to Apple success
Wednesday's product launch was short on
new products big on pizzazz now let's
talk about iPhone an even bigger on
price - Tennis Magazine has the largest
display ever on an iPhone the new iPhone
tennis max a larger and faster version
of previous iPhones starts at 1099
dollars while the so called starter
version iPhone this year costs 750 can't
under estimate the demand for these
phones especially for folks who are
looking for an upgrade who's been
waiting for a year two or three before
before upgrading Apple's higher prices
are a way to boost sales in an already
saturated market although the number of
iPhones sold remains steady Apple has
increased iPhone revenue by 20% by
squeezing out more money from each unit
but to what point can consumers continue
to stretch their wallets Apple doesn't
appear to be too worried announcing more
than 500 million people visit its Apple
stores a year these are great products
that American consumers want and Apple
takes a cash and innovates and making
those products better Apple was the
first American company to reach trillion
dollar valuation with stocks that
continue to steadily climb you think
about American companies I think Steve
job and Apple is truly kind of a
standout in the minds of American
consumers and I think it's well desert
Apple though has strong competition in
the Chinese company qua weight which
outsold iPhones last quarter Huawei is
cheaper and more accessible overseas for
now though the Apple iPhone remains an
American status symbol hi Joe Castro al
Jazeera Washington
