you've probably seen or even visited a
building designed by Renzo Piano museums
concert halls skyscrapers by the Italian
architects scattered the world the
buildings are beautiful
critically-acclaimed how does piano do
it it all starts with a quick sketch in
green marker he says then it's the
context the neighborhood the strength
and the spirit of the community you try
to understand the change the shift of
society and it all began with the
Pompidou Center in Paris shocking when
it was designed in the 70s with Richard
Rogers it reflects the turmoil of 1968
the establishment turned inside out by
student riots piano is most proud of his
public buildings it's time to understand
that digital society is not just for
single the main idea that by doing well
what you do you can change the world The
Shard London's tallest building was a
technological challenge a relatively
small piece of land up against railway
lines and a 13th century church the
building's 11,000 glass panels reflect
the city's I see skies making iron
cement and industrial glass appeared
delicate the building is classic Renzo
Piano radical design the latest
technology and a reflects a time in
history with London an edgy confident
city attracting attention from around
the world
the recent bridge collapse in pianos
native genoa has left him bereft he's
offered to design a new bridge to
reconnect the port city the bridge
falling is third step because doesn't
for once before twice the bridge Falls
and the symbol of the bridge that
is
the bridge bridges the opposite of the
world bridges should never fall and Wars
should never go that's the truth
in Uganda piano is building and funding
a Children's Hospital Builders are using
an ancient clay technique it's
sustainable cheap and local reflecting
pianos belief that increasingly good
architecture must also take good care of
the planet
Jessica Baldwin al-jazeera London
