a convenient time for russia's president
to announce his government does know the
suspects in the street power poisoning
case taking advantage of the
international attention in Vladivostok a
planted question granted this response
we have looked at who these people are
we know who they are now we found them I
hope that they show up and speak for
themselves that would be better for
everyone there is nothing special or
criminal there I can assure you but in
time we will see are they civilians
civilians I don't hear civilians of
course they're civilians one Russian
state television channel said it had
spoken to one of them he declined to
comment on the case for now saying only
that he worked for a pharmaceutical
company in the Siberian city of Tomsk
and would perhaps speak next week just
last week
British prosecutors identified the men
they said were Russian military
intelligence officers operating under
the aliases Alexandra Petrov and Ruslan
wash it off the pair casually dressed
boarded a flight from Moscow to London
on March 2nd staying at a hotel in East
London before heading to Salisbury the
city where the poisoning took place CCTV
footage captured their moves at several
locations including at the train station
on the day of the attack later that
night they returned to Moscow the
British government has repeatedly
demanded explanations from Russia with
little result her mother has been
backing from the UK's international
allies the Prime Minister's spokesperson
said that Moscow had repeatedly lied and
hidden the truth about the poisoning
Putin's statement really didn't give
much he he said these these individuals
were civilians that was essentially a
attempt to disavow them and the claims
that the UK had made they were a member
of garu Russia's military intelligence
and you know beyond that we didn't even
see any confirmation of these
gentleman's real names British
prosecutors have said that there is
sufficient evidence to charge the two
men they have not requested extradition
as Russia does not extradite its own
citizens but a European arrest warrant
has been sought if the pair traveled to
any EU countries in the future
Sonia gai a go al-jazeera
London
