the Syrian war is harming the Syrian
people on a massive scale the UN's
International Commission of Inquiry on
Syria says fighting displace more than a
million men women and children in six
major battles nationwide between January
and July levels not seen before in the
seven-year conflict if as many diplomats
expect there's an escalation in the
Syrian government offensive in Italy
province to try and capture the last
remaining rebel stronghold it could
trigger a massive exodus of civilians
you are fighting 10,000 people
terrorists and the three million
population will be the price to fight of
course you don't have anything against
fighting against Ares but something has
to be done to protect the rights of the
3 million people are 1 million children
a fatally because the same way as we've
seen in other places then it's a
complete failure of the international
system and it's a complete failure of
many of us to be able to prevent what
we've seen happening timed again the UN
Commission blames all sides of the
conflict for violations the Syrian
government for again firing the banned
chemical weapon chlorine gas using
rockets made in Iran Turkish forces for
bombing a medical convoy and an
archaeological site in the battle for
Afrin and Kurdish fighters for attacking
a psychiatric hospital it's hoped that
all the analysis carried out by the
Commission of Inquiry on Syria will one
day lay the groundwork for legal
proceedings against those accused of war
crimes and of violating human rights in
the hope that when the war is finally
over the guilty will be brought to
justice but with fears growing of an
imminent assault on Eid Lib the UN is
preparing for an even larger
humanitarian crisis Nev Barca al Jazeera
Geneva
