joint military drills and huge business
deals Russia and China are boosting up
their relationship but are they building
an alliance can they trust each other
and what do the US and its allies think
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program Ahmad
Abdul Hamid
with a firm handshake the presidents of
China and Russia have announced stronger
ties Vladimir Putin is hosting changing
pink as well as the Japanese and South
Korean leaders at the three-day Eastern
Economic Forum in Vladivostok it aims to
boost investment in the Far East region
of Asia but Putin is warning trade
barriers are threat to Asian economies
as the world's top two economies the US
and China impose trade tariffs on each
other as it talks began so did the
largest wargames by Chinese and Russian
troops since the Soviet Union 300,000
troops 36,000 tanks and armored vehicles
and the thousand war planes and ships
are all on parade in Siberia and from
the fire into the frying pan as Putin
introduces Qi to Russian cooking rori
challenge takes a look at how the
countries are straightening bilateral
ties with the slight awkwardness of two
leaders who probably don't spend much
time in the kitchen Xi Jingping hand
Vladimir Putin conducted some pancake
diplomacy in Vladivostok the Chinese
president is here for the Eastern
Economic Forum and his third meeting
with Putin this year despite the
presence of other Asian leaders it's
Russia and China's strengthening ties
that are the bedrock of this event and
with caviar and vodka the two presidents
were happy to let the world know how
close they've become we were constantly
meeting this year for example in Beijing
in Johannesburg and now here we are in
Vladivostok if they keep close contact
with you it means we have good relations
I am ready to strengthen these relations
from now on including the exchange of
ideas through close cooperation China
has the largest delegation with almost a
thousand people it is quite clear we
have a really close cooperation we have
87 billion dollars of trade last year
this year will almost certainly reach a
hundred billion dollars the cooperation
makes sense
the two Eurasian Giants our next-door
neighbors and China's hungry economy
needs natural resources which
as in abundance this growing
relationship is about more than just the
kind of business and energy deals on
offer here at the Eastern Economic Forum
it's about the threats that both Russia
and China feel they share in the modern
world while Xi Jinping and Putin were
talking the heavy metal of Russia's
military was moving into place
China's - it's been invited to take part
in Vostok 2018 Russia's biggest war
games since 1981 a sign of friendship
and a message to one particular
adversary clearly we can see continued
rapprochement between Russia and China
because of a very assertive line of the
United States against both countries and
in this regard we can we can say that
Donald Trump is the major patron of
Russian Chinese closer relationship
Washington has imposed sanctions on
Russia and trade tariffs on China each
country is too independent minded to
make a full alliance at all likely but
they still want the u.s. to know that if
a regional crisis ever exploded into
conflict with Russia and China could
present a united front War II challenge
aljazeera Vostok
so let's bring in our panel joining us
in Moscow Pavel Falcon how're Russian
military analysts from Beijing Michael
khovrakh he's a senior advisor for
Northeast Asia and the International
Crisis Group and from Washington DC
michael Pursell director of operations
at the center for global interests
gentlemen welcome to the program
pavel let me start with you we are
seeing strong pictures coming out of
siberia what is the main message here
well these exercises or actually
wargames happening in the Russian Far
East are really a big deal there's a lot
of Russian troops being mobilized and
moved forward it's happening from the
Arctic to in the Pacific and in Far East
and partially in Siberia but the main
ground action is going to happen in the
trans-baikal worzic by kaalia region
which is actually north of the Chinese
border Russian an exercise has happened
there's a regular basis and always
before they had a bit of a kind of over
town that this could be also partially
to be prepared for a possible crash with
China and so this time for there to be
no kind of speculations on that the
Russian military invited the Chinese
contingent to take part also contingent
small contingent from Mongolia so a
Chinese Brigade size force over 3,000
men would about 30 aircraft have been
deployed there together with the Russian
troops at one specific point this is a
very big war game but at one specific
point at one training range in sugu and
there there's about 25,000 Russians and
3,000 Chinese and there there's going to
be the climax of the action Putin is
going to be there at the climax this
week and to see all the fireworks and
most likely there's going to be a
Chinese delegation
- and so there's the Russians and the
Chinese as brothers and arms preparing
to fight alongside each other against
Farr and foe which most likely means
America and its allies and the political
leadership overseeing that happening so
this is all very significant well
Michael is that is it the same view in
China I mean the machine has something
at stake here what exactly is the
message China's trying to send to the
world thank you so this is absolutely I
fully agree with our colleague it's a
strong message from President Xi Jinping
both to have these large military
exercises and have Chinese troops
participating in them for the first time
ever that's really quite significant
China and Russia have done military
exercises before together of course but
not within Russian soil and not at this
scale so that sends a very strong
message of increasing military
cooperation that has really been growing
strongly under President Xi and
President Putin for the past several
years and then has accelerated under the
Trump administration's policies for the
United States and secondly you have
President Xi turning up at the Economic
Forum in Vladivostok again the first
time a Chinese leader has attended that
forum a very strong display of
diplomatic support and of respect for
President Putin reciprocating his
Putin's visit to Beijing in June of this
year that's three visits three meetings
that the two leaders have had this year
again marking an acceleration over the
last several years really since Xi
Jinping came into power and found a
kindred spirit in Vladimir Putin
building on ecomo economic
complementarities military cooperation
prospects but also very much by the two
challenges that both countries are
having with the United States and this
week at these two meetings here and
military cooperation are a very strong
signal to the United States that if it
continues to put this kind of pressure
on either of them it's going to push
them even closer together well Michael
I'm supposing that while these
wargames are happening generals military
experts are looking a watching very
closely what's happening the scale what
kind of equipment is on display but what
are they looking for exactly
I think the probably the most important
indicator that military ops are looking
for is a degree to which real capability
is demonstrated in the sense that
combined military operations an ability
to conduct combined military operations
is something that the the Russia and
Chinese would attempt to demonstrate I
think you know a quick liquid will tell
you that the signaling is as Michael and
Paul have described more on a strategic
political level to demonstrate resolve
if you will in a willingness to
cooperate that's a far cry from an
alliance which is you know what the u.s.
is participation in the North Atlantic
Treaty Organization NATO over so many
years and at the moment is is a bit
contentious but nonetheless still strong
the level cooperation entailed in
Alliance is significantly more than that
what we were seeing in in this exercise
well-stocked 2018 well Michael Kovarik
it is I mean China it's the first time
that it let's say goes and trains
outside of its borders relations with
Russia I have never have not not always
been so friendly is this more of a
marriage of convenience as they sit and
watch things unfolding in Washington I
think it you could argue that it started
out that way several years ago China
Russia relations certainly on the
economic side for a long time were
relatively modest certainly much much
less than the huge bilateral trade
relationship between China and the
United States or even China and Europe
but ever since the Russian annexation of
Crimea and worsening relations between
Russia and Europe and Russia and the
United States and sanctions on Russia
that's really pushed Russians in
particular to look further east
something they've done reluctantly
gradually over time and the Chinese have
welcomed that but again there's also
been a lot of mutual suspicion from the
Chinese side as well
so what we're really seeing is
geopolitical circumstances driving these
two political leaders to move their
countries closer together and a lot of
that has started with top-level
political rhetoric and language lots of
leader level meetings but step by step
it is being underpinned by initiatives
the two have agreed for example after a
lot of debate and concern that there -
the Eurasian Economic Union and the Silk
Road economic belt initiatives in
Central Asia they would try to make them
cooperate and work together we've seen
increasing cooperation and investment in
through Central Asia and particularly
building on the energy relationship and
then from China's perspective the
military cooperation is very important
not only in this kind of exercise in
training but also in Chinese interest at
least in the short term in Russian
military technology specifically
cutting-edge surface-to-air missile
batteries and Sukhoi a fourth generation
fighter jets which china still doesn't
have a domestic capacity to build and
that starts to affect the strategic
balance then between China and the
United States and other powers in the
Pacific Ocean as well apart from the
message that China and Russia are
getting closer together I think also the
dynamic has a big change between these
two countries I mean in the sense that
Russia the Soviet Union used to be the
big bear and now is this China the big
bear because of this its economic
strength but beyond that I saw you
quoted as saying that this is about
sending a message that soon there will
be a large-scale conflict well the
Russian military the Russian general
staff since officially at we still sir
13 have not only put forward but this
has been approved by the Kremlin a
threat assessment that predicts next
seller rating possibility of a big war
happening somewhere in the 20s a series
or several large-scale regional wars
that
actually in the escalate into a global
conflict and that russian man this
assists that's the official political
perspective that's what the russian
military and russian state have been
preparing and these exercises is a
demonstration and a test of the russian
capability to mobilize and field large
numbers of heavily armed troops for a
regional massive regional war that could
happen in the east in Asia or in the
West in Europe
and the capability to move these forces
long distance to east or west because
Russian a present military is much
smaller than the Soviet military so it
relies on mobility and to sustain such
forces in the field have a good with
gistic separation and see where the weak
spots are these exercises should expose
them so this is yes this is testing and
preparing for a possible big regional
war that could happen in the future or
may not happen and also to use this as a
signal and as a deterrent to demonstrate
to the potential opponents which are
basically seen as sitting in Washington
that Russia is ready to fight for and
defend its borders and that it has a
strong ally in China at least that
Russia is not without allies and that
this is maybe the viewing with Russia is
not that good an idea and that the
United States should think twice before
taking on Russia talking about the
United States let's go to Michael
Purcell I mean when asked about this the
US Secretary of Defense Jim mattis said
I think that nations are act out of the
interest I see little in the long term
that aligns Russia and China together
now do you think that is a good read
from the Pentagon I mean we have seen a
China that has been modernizing and
reforming its military with quite
intensive
over the past few years shouldn't they
be a little bit more worried and I think
it is a good read from secretary mattis
and it's consistent with what he's
portrayed as his world view then the US
national security documents the national
security strategy defense strategies
both identify China and Russia as
strategic competitors and that's not
just in the military realm but of course
in the political and economic realm as
well I would I would say general the
secretary mattis is probably careful not
to over militarize the entire
relationship between Russia and China I
think we should be careful and I know he
would say this as well to use the word
allies a formal alliance implies an
obligation for mutual defence in the in
the article 5 of the NATO treaty it
talks about attack on one is an attack
on all and and I think it's important we
identified be careful that word that
this is not an alliance this is a
strategic partnership between Russia and
China and I think secretary mattis also
knows that the values gap if you will
between the the u.s. perspective on the
relationship and with Russia and China
and and their relationship is one such
that both Russia and China at the moment
have authoritarian characteristics of
their ruling
governments and the u.s. is clear to
point that out as being inconsistent
with what it sees as as sort of the
international order and that's that's
bound to be conflict so I think he
probably has us in the right perspective
in context but michael korvac I mean
since chairman she came to power
certainly the China concentrated a lot
on modernizing its military I think
there's a special focus on the Navy if
I'm not wrong that has somehow tilted
the balance of power in the Pacific area
no that's correct yes President Xi has
strongly prioritized reforming the
People's Liberation Army and turning it
from what was frankly a large economic
Enterprise and heavily Bayt dominated by
a land army and shifted a lot of the
investment and the training and the
technological improvement to the Navy
and the Air Force really wanting to turn
it with it with
objective of turning it by 2035 into a
modern competent fighting force and by
2050 into a really world world-class
military and that's involved an enormous
program of building ships and of course
then reclaiming and paving on and
militarizing islands in the South China
Sea establishing an air defense
identification zone in the East China
Sea and essentially what we're seeing
from China and in its own way from
Russia our attempts for both of these
countries to establish spheres of
influence in their peripheries China
wants to push the US Navy and the u.s.
military influence and role in East Asia
further away from its shores to
establish within the western Pacific and
certainly within the first island chain
that's de marketed by Japan for example
and other islands out there a zone in
which China is the dominant power it's
not looking for a fight it's nowhere
near ready for an actual conflict with
the United States it doesn't want that
but what it does want to do is enlarge
its space for maneuver for example
condition other countries in the region
to be more deferential to Chinese
preferences protect its sea lines of
communication and re-establish itself as
a dominant regional power and in that
sense with its relations with Russia
it's found a willing partner if a
reluctant one in some ways but
increasingly US policies that have put
pressure on both countries have led them
to find a kind of axis of convenience
and mutual benefits for example now
trade tariffs applied by the US on China
similarly to sanctions on Russia
incentivize them to look for stronger
economic ties stronger defense ties and
stronger political ties that's not an
inevitable process but as long as that
pressure is there from the US they're
going to keep looking for to each other
for support whether political or
otherwise I'm just gonna bring back
Michael Purcell so just in view of what
we just heard and this Chinese military
that is getting modernized stronger
there was a time where it was considered
like a second string kind of military is
that still the case in Washington and
certainly with having more
abilities with these missiles that they
are developing that must challenge the
US Supreme s in parts of the Pacific
yeah I think the short answer to that
question is yes it is used the word
worried and secretary Maddox worried
about in particularly the u.s. or rather
the Russia China relationship I think
concern is what a you know a military
officer like general mattis now
secretary which would use yes concerned
because the capabilities that that
China's demonstrated over the preceding
several years are significant and there
there are changed the nature of their
their ability to project power outside
of the borders of China and the US has
both militarily and uh I think
strategically adjusted itself to a
future that must accommodate Chinese
military power in the first ranks if you
will and pebble now this is all
happening on the backdrop of the Ukraine
crisis the war in Syria allegations that
Russia is interfering in Western
elections and politics so I'm sure there
is a message that President Putin is
trying to convey here by holding the
largest military exercises in its
history or is in modern history well of
course these processes are happening in
the West and in the southwest and the
exercises are in the Far East there is
of course a kind of tense situation
still somewhat in the Korean Peninsula
but there has been downscaling of
tensions there just recently but the
actual planning of this exercise happens
sometime before it's a big strategic
exercise and it's also a war game
actually and there's a difference
between exercise and war game that and
so this is there's technicalities they
are involved because in the European
part of Russia there is the Vienna
document of the OSCE that when it's the
possibility of art scale like that
mobilizations and in the Far East
there's only very limited regulations
in agreement with China on a kind of
limited limiting forces in the immediate
border area but most of these exercises
are happening outside of that so that's
a free zone at the same time Russia has
in violent Russian poetry having invited
journalists and observers from
accredited military attachés here in
Moscow to go what they're going to go to
the zoo go that's just one piece of the
action where there's going to be a
showcase for President Putin and other
dignitaries so of course they won't see
much of the real nitty-gritty of how
Russia is dealing with deploying such
large numbers of troops the Russian
general staff has announced that right
now we have 126 battle ready immediate
battle ready
tactical battalion groups in our
military in the Army in the Marines and
the Airborne Corps
whereas NATO say deployed I get to
contain Russia for battalion tactical
groups in the Baltics and in Poland so
the difference is of course in Russian
on the Russian side though there is of
course a technological still gap between
the Russian military and the Western
militaries though of course the Russian
battle readiness has increased everyone
recognizes that and you should also take
into account that the Russian military
want to have a good kind if they want to
keep up some tension because we're
reaching the end but I just want to ask
a last question briefly Michael Purcell
in view of what we just heard yes there
is still a technological gap but I think
in Washington people will probably keep
on watching closely at how quickly that
gap is bridged right I think that's
accurate it's not hard to look back in
the in just a few years ago and Russian
military capability wasn't taken nearly
as seriously at the strategic level what
Paul was described the nuts and bolts of
this exercise
it was very well done and it's it's it's
an opportunity to examine weaknesses and
make fixes but also to demonstrate at
that level that they have the capability
to again you know occupy the first
pranks and it's a certainly a point well
taken in Washington I think well so far
we haven't tested really the combat
capabilities of the Chinese but we have
reached the end of this program I'm sure
we'll be talking about it in the future
thanks to all our guests
Pavel Falcon how're Michael Carrick and
Michael Purcell and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter a handle is at AJ inside story
from me hood of the Hameed and the whole
team here in Doha bye for now
you
you
