a huge rally to demand a Catalan
Republic this da de or national day
included the usual celebration of
Catalan culture but it was the first
since last year's referendum and
subsequent Declaration of Independence
which led to direct rule from Madrid and
one of the main symbols was the yellow
ribbon in support of the nine activists
and politicians jailed on preliminary
charges of rebellion and abuse of power
seven care you know that as a
consequence of these democratic events
the government of the Spanish state
closed Parliament removed the government
imprisoned a great majority of members
of the government and president preached
him on and other colleagues had to exile
themselves well in recent months mr
toura has been talking to spain
socialist prime minister they there are
Sanchez but he says that any real dialog
can only start with a key demand of many
of these demonstrators and that's the
exoneration and release of all of those
figures that these people call their
political prisoners we have to reaffirm
ourselves because very bad things are
happening to us we have political
prisoners some people say they are not
but they are yes you are that we have to
win our freedom they won't give it to us
I don't trust anything from Prime
Minister Sanchez or any Spanish
government present or future in the
event this was an impressive display of
pro-independence feeling and recent
opinion polls suggest more people in
Catalonia backers split from Spain than
oppose it but a significant number don't
fall into either camp what teams arrive
you realise is mentioning more and more
as not only the independence itself or
there but the right to have the
referendum and in that he has a wider
support because there's more people
saying we want to be able to vote on
that regardless what we will vote even
if it's a no that's an idea rejected by
the main opposition in the Catalan
regional Parliament who say the
celebrations have been hijacked we will
never accept that this can't be at the
other for all Catalans a day when all of
us Catalans can celebrate together we
want to give a voice to the millions who
are not out on the street
the dudes the first trials of the
leaders currently in jail are expected
to start by the end of the year it could
prove another flashpoint in the ongoing
battle for the future of Catalonia the
deep barber al Jazeera Barcelona
