the closing arguments are the final step
before judges issue their verdict that
is not expected until sometime next year
the assassination trial of Lebanon's
Prime Minister Rafik Hariri began in
early 2014 the prosecution is
maintaining its argument that the Syrian
government was at the heart of the plot
which was carried out by members of the
political armed party Hezbollah these
men are being tried in their absence
from the un-backed tribunal the 2005
assassination was a political earthquake
that tore Lebanese society apart
political and sectarian divisions that
emerged continued until today Hariri was
a leader of the Sunni community and the
suspects belonged to a Shia group his
son and political heir three-time prime
minister sattell Hadid II flew to the
Hague for the culmination of the trial
he is in a difficult position
Hezbollah and its allies gained
political power at his expense
Hadid he said the perpetrators will face
justice sooner or later but added he
needs to put his feelings aside as prime
minister-designate
it took a long time for justice to be
served but maybe time allowed us to be
more rational I'll deal with this issue
as a responsible official who has the
responsibility to protect the country
and the Lebanese people the prosecution
said his father's killing was
politically motivated because he wanted
to end Syria's domination of Lebanon the
court appointed defense challenged what
it described as circumstantial evidence
the prosecution says analysis of mobile
phone network calls undeniably links the
suspects to the attack and they had been
monitoring Harry these movements for
months prosecuting lawyers say phone
lines stopped working moments before the
massive bomb blast in Beirut the court
has again asked Lebanese authorities to
carry out their obligation and arrest
the defendants and transfer them to the
hague to face trial but hezbollah which
is the most powerful political party and
military force in the country has vowed
that the suspects will never be caught
21 other people were killed and dozens
injured in the assassination for many
the suspects are not the only ones who
should be tried I'm Sherman Hall and one
neighbor said they didn't act alone
there are definitely
backing them they should be handed over
to justice so that we know the people
behind them who played a bigger role the
truth is what Harry D's family and his
supporters have been demanding for years
but some of them fear political
stability may take precedence over
justice at least if the prevailing
balance of power doesn't change
sanika they're al jazeera The Hague
