after two consecutive terms in power and
another landslide election victory this
past April there seems to be little that
can threaten the rule of Viktor Orban in
Hungary but that doesn't mean the
project to consolidate his power in the
media has in any way eased off in the
eight years since or bands finish party
swept to victory in 2010 numerous media
outlets have been shut down or seen
drastic changes in their editorial line
often after changes in ownership which
is why alarm bells rang last month when
Orban allies closed in on index dot hu
the last remaining outlet read and
respected on both sides of the political
divide in Hungary so far so familiar you
might say but Hungary watchers are now
observing the Orban media model gained a
foothold in other European countries
like Macedonia and Slovenia on the back
of investments that some say seek to
promote the Hungarian Prime Minister's
pan-european agenda the listening posts
will young reports
April 2018 a landslide election victory
gives Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor
Orban the majority he needs to change
Hungary's constitution and the
confidence to accuse media who
criticized him of being fake news
Minister Nana put my anger index is read
by about 1 million people daily when the
Prime Minister calls one of the largest
and most important independent news
outlets a fake news factory it means he
considers these 1 million people to be
stupid less than four months after or
bans accusation in September a member of
the Prime Minister's ruling coalition
took a 50% stake in the company that
controls indexes advertising revenues
index journalists such as
editor-in-chief Gabor and claw C are on
high alert you can have another key
initially the most important question is
how the ownership change will affect our
independence we set up an independence
barometer on a separate web domain from
index if we feel that someone is
influencing our work then we will change
the barometer from independent to either
at risk or not free let's say been
aluminium solid it is right for indexes
staff to be very worried about the
situation index was established back in
so it has grown up essentially together
with we don't like media in Hungary it's
sort of symbolizes online journalism
quality online journalism in Hungary as
soon as government proxies appear near
these media outlets it can very quickly
end up in a change in its coverage or it
can also essentially be shut down as it
happened with witness of a check
nepeta but chuck was one of Hungary's
last major left-leaning newspapers when
in 2016 it was purchased and quickly
shut down by investors linked with aura
bans Fidesz party since then more
changes in ownership have been followed
by more closures as well as notable
shifts in editorial line my dog names
that fill up my denim said one of
Hungary's most prestigious daily
newspapers shut down immediately after
the elections planted radio was also
shut down then Hetty Valles a
conservative weekly which had been
critical of the government was also
closed this summer a new investor both
here TV Hungary's most-watched cable
news channel on the day the new owners
arrived a popular evening talk-show was
replaced by a little or bad speech the
intentions of the new owners were clear
to everyone at 11:00 anchor summer Origo
used to be a competitor of index and it
used to be independent by now which has
been completely degraded and has become
a propaganda mouthpiece for the
government other tabloids cater for even
more particular niche demands they do
not function as media but rather as
subsidiaries of the ministry of
information directly executing
government orders
one of those tabloids is riposte just
one of a host of relatively minor
outlets that serve the bottom end of the
hungarian media market they're low on
information high on sensation and what
news these outlets actually cover is
dominated by outrage against the EU
against migrants and against or bans
political opponents after 2015 many new
outlets appeared out of thin air
essentially report is something that you
would probably characterize as this
tabloid political journalism it's a
copycat version of informer in Serbia
which has been spreading fake news
conspiracy theories orb√°n essentially
imported something from another country
and now he is exporting it to other
countries in the Balkans in recent
months Hungarian investors linked to
Orban and businesses close to him have
effectively been subsidizing highly
politicized sensationalist media in
macedonia and slovenia pushing
anti-migrant Euroskeptic narratives with
a large smattering of smears of
opponents of the populist right much in
the image of Hungary under Fidesz these
investments seem to have little to do
with profit making and everything to do
with promoting a certain brand of
politics at the Cellini armor in
Slovenia they bought media that is
co-owned by the right-wing nationalist
populist party the SDS Viktor Orban
personally campaigned for SDS leader
Yanis yancha during the last election
campaign in macedonia Hungarian owned
media outlets called for a boycott of a
referendum on changing the country's
official name to enable it to join the
European Union both there and in
Slovenia Hungarian earned media
disseminates far-right populist messages
come in you know miscellaneous
committees camp restorative in beta it
is not possible in Slovenia for a
company to invest so much in a loss
making media house these media nova 24
TV scandal and democrat sia
are not really separate entities but a
single media
published by one will appear on the
others democracia has an entire segment
dedicated to immigration and each
example is worse than the last there
will be attacks on political adversaries
based on unverified information I see it
always one big political propaganda
machine which feeds on hate
discrimination and lies things that are
typical of propaganda not journalism
your business machine was propaganda in
a Venus the investments in both
countries have been crucial partly
because they arrived just after the
parties who were the previous owners
lost power and as a consequence also the
resources to sustain these costly media
operations such investments cannot be
rationalized by market incentives
without this Hungarian many numerous
media operations would have shut down I
want to ask you colleagues today what is
the state of our union last month
the European Parliament voted to trigger
a so-called rule of law procedure
against the Hungarian government for its
rolling back of civil liberties and
human rights including freedom and
plurality in the media the Hungarian
government has effectively silenced
independent media a setback for Orban's
European project but with elections to
the European Parliament just months away
media investments in countries like
Slovenia and Macedonia could help keep
or buns
European ambitions alive
it caused a pellet l-dopa Fidesz is
building relationships with other
politicians in the Central and Eastern
Europe region in countries both inside
and outside the EU on the one hand they
provide know-how how to rule the media
landscape how to set the public agenda
how to run a propaganda media network on
the other hand we see shopping trip
acquisitions with no genuine business
motivations as in Hungary it is not
lucrative to run a propaganda machine
however it does pay off in politics
Central Europe has often served as a
sort of early warning system when it
comes to political developments because
institutions are weaker here so when
political entrepreneurs come in and try
to influence them they can be more
successful
korban is simply finding his way through
those vulnerabilities and I think it's
something that could happen in other
countries as well if the media becomes
this week
