hi I'm Emily ok and Emily could be loud
and you're in the stream and this is
Bobby wine he almost needs no
introduction for many of you today freed
on bail and facing a charge of treason
you got in position and MP Bobby Ryan
joins us live in the stream to talk
about his hopes for the future and of
course Uganda and you can be a part of
this conversation
to send us your questions for Bobby on
Twitter at AJ stream or to our live
YouTube chat Bobby wine also known by
his birth name Robert chugga Lonny Santa
Moo has often spoken out against what he
sees as oppression in his home country
of Uganda in recent weeks he says he has
come to know that oppression firsthand
on August the 13th he was arrested by
Ugandan authorities detained in military
barracks and initially charged with
illegal weapons possession now upon his
departure from military court he was
reared and charged with treason since
his election into parliament last year
he has become a sharp critic of
President Yoweri Museveni it was been in
power since 1986 as a musician Bobby
wine songs have called for political
change and freedom from social and
justices his rise from poverty to afro
pop stardom helped him build a large
following among youth with fans fondly
calling him the ghetto president say
Bobby wine it's so good to have you here
in the studio in Washington DC we have
spoken to you a couple of times we had
no idea that you would ever end up right
here in DC but for not good reasons I'm
looking at some of your compatriots who
were also in conflict with security
forces with soldiers as well and I'm
wondering if you can actually help us
out and let us know what happened to
them because this story isn't just about
you it's about what happened to some of
them just looking here at an MP who
relapses after being taken off life
support machines you'll see his picture
there who is that tell us about his
story thank you for me
I'm privileged to be here finally
physically like you said this is not
just about me it's about very many
people who were arrested with the 33
others
the Honorable Francis Zaki continues to
fight for his life in a hospital in
India there are other little known
personalities like a lady who I just had
a baby by cesarean section so bitten by
the time I left home she was passing
blood
the Honorable Paul Moreau who broke is
an attic who whose back permanently
broken and indeed a few others that had
been brutalized even before the 13th
like the Honorable ambos a who is
permanently disabled she sustained a
broken skull so this kind of brutality
was only not new to us our case we just
privileged that attracted not only home
attention but attention the world over
and actually that's why I take it upon
myself everyday even against my doctors
and Families advice to try and make use
of every opportunity to raise that voice
and raise awareness of the brutality
that's ongoing back on and it's much
appreciated we got a video comment from
Rosabelle a writer and blogger and
uganda and she reminds us of the aurora
33 have a listen to what she says i
think political violence that we need to
know that the world that is real people
charged in total in imagine there are
four women in the violence that infest
these women some of them have broken
perfect bones many of them cut
cannot walk they are stealing hospitals
so when we only talk about violence in
terms of person then we attempt to get
the whole story of what happened and
it's important killed you to give
solidarity to these people and to bring
the attention of the stories of women
but what is very important is to know
that often when women are caught up in
this vicious you that violence their
stories tend to go at the bottom of the
park so she mentions women being at the
bottom of this pile when people think
about those who are injured but also she
mentions
Rua 33 those who were also charged what
do you know about them in their cases
well like I said very many who were
brutalized very many people were beaten
I've mentioned a few of them if also
mention all of them would maybe take
most of the time of this show there's
another lady that cannot go of my mind
called Souda my dad she's still in
hospital in Kampala many of them are in
hospital but most importantly out thank
God that some iron Hospital still
fighting for their lives and indeed am
here speaking for them but they are
those that paid the ultimate sacrifice
for example my driver is in coma the guy
who took the bullets that probably were
meant for me
he lost his life he was killed by the
security forces and many others continue
to be killed in what government claimed
were riots but indeed there were moves
to you know create more fear within the
population you posted a picture of your
driver and it was so horrific we
couldn't actually share it we did we did
a stream show very close to that
incident and you posted it so everybody
could see you saw that and this is your
reality this horror this violence people
your friends people close to you are
dying how do you then strategize your
way through this how do you stay sane
well we have no option but to try to
stay sane but again we also have no
guarantee
of sanity especially if our leaders have
alternately decided to behave in an
insane manner you know it is outright
brutality that's being unleashed on the
population every day every time the
citizens try to raise the voice that met
with the brutal force so guaranteeing
sanity with the population is a hard one
however
we continue to preach to the population
telling them that we especially we as
people power or we as a forces of change
and not we don't promote violence we
look down on violence we don't respect
violence and indeed we continue to
disagree with whoever tries to paint an
image of violence with us we
continuously con using the
constitutional methods of demanding for
our freedom which we believe we shall
gain we got a few tweets that are like
the one I'm about to read and I will say
the majority of tweets that were getting
from Ugandan Xand and and people from
across the continent and the world are
in support of your struggle in your
story
this is patriot Anisha she writes bobby
wine is behaving like most opposition
figures when they're outside their
countries they want to discredit
everything about the government and
spread all sorts of lies this is being
investigated and if he has information
about it he can come in and share it
with the Ugandan police what do you say
to people who think this well I don't
know how much more information after
share with the police about the brutal
murder of my driver which was castrated
by the security forces I don't know how
much more information to give the police
about the the guns that they claimed
they found in my room and then they
later dropped the charges I don't know
where to run for justice when the people
that suffer that I suppose that I
actually paid to protect us at the ones
that are brutalizing us and I don't know
whether it is moral to keep silence up
out the in justices that are being
unleashed on the Ugandan people I
believe that it is important for me to
use this voice that was even raised by
the common people to raise their plight
let me remind our audience what happened
when Bobby wine came out on bail so this
was after he was beaten after he was
tortured and this was the reception that
he got have a listen
so joining us from Kampala we have Chris
Barrow moosie and he's the acting
Ugandan information minister Minister is
this politics Ugandan style what is
going on here why people dying why
people being beaten why people being
tortured because they don't support your
party thank you very much FEMA and I
want to send warm greetings all of you
in the studio
I have listened to my friend about the
wine and what is describing and what you
are asking is not actually how the
situation is in Uganda first of all it
is important to know that she starts the
story half way because in Aurora we are
where by-elections where the neighbor of
parent had died and the Honourable Bobby
wine with support won over the
candidates who eventually won
ASEA no Adri and on the last day of the
rarest where the president who is the
chairman of the NRA party ruling party
was returning where he had landed his
helicopter a procession of supporters
honorable Cassiano andrew who was
supported by honourable divine parroted
the president's Motorhead's the
president in which the vehicle in which
the president was traveling was hit with
a stone and behind the glass was
shattered okay great Minnesota scuse me
Minister so the president's car was
pelted and we've got at least one person
and life support some people been
damaged for for life are you saying all
of these people were responsible for
pelting the car and so that was why they
were beaten up and tortured because I
see politics Ugandan style and you're
telling me about a motorcade being
pelted the two are connected the point
they have units for torture or there was
violence orchestrated
by the protesters who supported one of
the candidates and that's what led to
the security officers to swing into
action to arrest a suspect some of the
members of parliament including one
above the wine so that's what gave rise
to the arrests the minister right now is
you're you're in the United States
trying to heal right now what do you
want to ask the minister right now live
on TV well I could have been I could
have had so many questions to ask but
the fact that I was initially arrested
under two machine guns who are paraded
by the uganda police and indeed the army
claiming that those weapons were good in
my room and that's a reason they gave
for incarcerated in military detention
which they later dropped and then
immediately just minutes later when i
got out of the military code
i was charged with treason and indeed
there was a claim that the people that
are pelted apparently pelted the
president were a part of us
my question is the president's car is
Ahmad
now why would first of all how can a
mere stone break an amen' car that is
disturbing to me because the president's
car is bulletproof and then it's being
claimed that it was pelted and that the
glass was shattered Minister well but no
event
nammed vehicle but it has two layers of
glass there is a glass war which is
inside which is apart another outer
glass got shattered but all these are
being investigated by record companies
and since there is a physical case in
the court I wouldn't want to go into
details of that a minister is someone
who doesn't live in Uganda this feels
incredibly trivial that we're talking
about layers of glass on an armored car
and as some people who are fighting for
their lives and may never be the same I
asked you is this politics Ugandan style
no it is important for you to know that
the whole problem which was unfortunate
started from lucky reading over the
presidential convoy and that is what
gave rise I hate that all right so other
than that there's no other violence
there's no other reporters being beaten
up nothing else happens just because of
a car being pelted belonging to the
president no problem if you want me I
can say that you see we have a
constitution and in Uganda to access a
political office you must subject
yourself to the population like
important why indeed when he wanted to
become a member of parliament he stood
in one of the conferences and he was
voted now the opposition receptions of
the opposition seemed to be desperate
they now think they cannot destroy
general government through the electoral
process and they have decided to use
violence as a way of accessing power and
we have had a number of elections in the
last few months where members of the
Opposition have facilitated this kind of
violence we recently had by reference in
the beginning in the ginger is
conferences in Aurora where we have seen
this kind of violence so it is you're
saying I hear that you are saying that
the opposition or some opposition
members have used violence as a way of
accessing power
unfortunately online that is not what
people believe I want to read to tweets
and I'll direct them to you first before
giving them to Bobby wine this is I just
want you to listen to this because this
is it's a scary really a rural boy says
honestly knowing our government I am
worried about Bobby safety as soon as he
lands back there what I want to know is
if he isn't worried about how he will be
treated when he returns another person
asks my only question how does he plan
to stay alive it's unlikely that he's
not on a hit list and so while I'll get
Bobby wines answer on this I want to
know from you as a member of the
government and acting information
minister what will you do to ensure his
safety no Bobby wine is extremely safe
he is required he has been released on
bail and when he returns to come para
nothing will happen to him except
appearing in appoint to answer the
charges of treason but is very safe
nobody will touch you probably you're
very safe
a lot of people those are just two
tweets seriously almost all of the
tweets we got have people very worried
for your safety for your family's safety
what do you say to them what are you
thinking well I would say that one can
expect anything from this regime I mean
I just went to Arawa to campaign and I
ended up being tortured detained in
prisons and even when I was released by
court and allowed to travel abroad for
which specialized treatment I was not
allowed so that is the situation at home
anybody can sugarcoat it but people
continuously get extracted judicially
killed and it's all swept under the
carpet I'm looking here at a post that
you put on Facebook to tell everybody
how you were doing and what happened to
you your your your recollection of what
happened to you before you were taken
away and it says here as your next steps
I want to talk about the things that we
must do together to continue this
struggle for liberty and freedom why do
you feel that Uganda right now is not a
place of liberty and freedom in Uganda
there's no liberty and freedom because
people are allowed to meet and talk
about anything apart from the future of
their country I've said it before and
I'll say it again that a murder case can
happen and it will take the police hours
to show up even before they they the
fire brigade will take hours to show up
but once you meet to discuss the future
of your country it will not take more
than a few minutes before the police and
the military police comes and brutalized
as people that is how it's happening
however I also have conviction that
because Uganda is full of mainly young
people they are anticipating a future
that they only imagine you know I
believe that the time is now for us to
come together it has been demonstrated
that you Garland's
are coming together every day they are
overcoming the divisions within tribes
or religions or political parties and
they're more embracing the aspirations
that they have together as a nation so
much as their challenges I am convinced
that the oppressed people will soon be
free so you mentioned young people we
got this comment live on YouTube from
Richard Richard says Bobby has a big
future and a role to play in the
liberation of disadvantaged young people
so long as the government doesn't
torture and kill him another person
picking up on that theme of the youth
this is Bashir who says Uganda has
turned into a political cemetery our
president is severely sick suffering
from too much appetite for power and
Bobby wine is the only remaining hope
that Ugandan have to restore the rule of
law but he ends with this sentence we
are ready to die for him that's chilling
almost what what what do you think of
that what do you say to people like him
because Bashir is not the only one it is
humbling to know that it is not just
about me it is about all of us and I've
said it many times that this should not
be reduced to just me or to just a small
section of people we are more than forty
four million Ugandans 85% of which are
younger than me I'm 36
but 84% I mean 85% of our population is
younger than me so it is the right time
for us to I'm so glad that young people
in Uganda are embracing the idea of
freedom and the slowly overcoming fear
which has for so long kept our slaves
Minister when you hear this about your
country how is that because the whole
world is listening to this and the whole
world is thinking there's though some
major issues with democracy in Uganda
and Uganda's administration does not
like the opposition to be their minister
okay thank you very much I missed some
of the conversation but a little walk
with us let me just repeat it very very
briefly there's space for the opposition
there's not space for the opposition how
much space is there for them to operate
Minister
can you hear me we work on that and we
will get back to you if you can't hear
me because it's a little bit difficult I
know the connection between us and
Kampala is a little bit tricky there's
something that President Museveni said
just just this week and he was talking
about other forces being involved in
what you were trying to do in terms of
leadership let's have a listen to what
he said it is important that external
players refrain from interfering in the
internal affairs of other countries
interfering in the internal affairs of
other countries is immoral and
practically wrong morally wrong because
the question is what's pretty
intelligence did you have to think that
you can understand the program in my
house better than we do Japan's if it is
a problem in our house with the
occupants with sort of it seep out okay
what do you think President was 70 was
referencing there well I would say that
is a big insult to the people of Uganda
for the leaders to think that when they
demand for freedom when the demand for
liberty when they raise their voices
about the rampant corruption the rampant
unemployment it is an insult to claim
that they're being funded or even being
supported by outsiders we recognize that
Uganda is part of the global community
we recognize that we have development
partners and yes we recognize that human
rights and freedom is for the world over
our we've stood with many countries and
indeed we continue to stand with many
other countries so the world should be
expected to stand with us especially in
this time when the eyes of the world are
you know fixed on your ganda yeah it's
in the world are also many of them fixed
on you I wanted to bring our attention
to the back wall behind femi and these
are just some of the images and
Instagram posts that people have been
using and posting with free Bobby wine
and Bobby wine as the hashtag at one
point in just a day there were ninety
seven thousand mentions of that hashtag
and that's across the world so clearly
people are watching this story but then
what comes next
Vizier ahir on twitter says what
policies do you have that you personally
think can transform the youth in uganda
at large another person picking up on
that says apart from the freedom
promises that you talk about what plans
do you have for unemployment are you
thinking about policy changes right now
or will those come later
of course the composition is wide but
you take on fast things fast right now I
like to mention that many Ugandan say
educated both in Uganda and abroad
because of the rampant unemployment
we've seen a lot of brain drain a lot of
talented intelligent young men and women
or even the old people have left you
have left Uganda and exiled themselves
or gone all over the world to seek for
you know better pastures and even those
that have stayed in Uganda have not
gotten any chance to put their talents
and knowledge to play simply because
Uganda has become more of a family state
one the level of patronage is so high so
right now we are struggling for space to
put all our talents to use to give
opportunity to all these people that
have knowledge to put it to use but
before we have that opportunity would be
dreaming to provide optional our
policies we have so much to talk about
so what we are going to do is we're
going to wrap up on this part of the
program and then we're going to take
everybody online to YouTube who already
on YouTube that's good if you're not
sure where we are on YouTube go to our
Twitter page and look at AJ stream and
we will send you the link so you can
click on it and then our conversation
will continue we will continue with the
Minister of Information for Uganda and
also MP Bobby wine malika Bulow myself
and of course all of your questions that
you have for Bobby wine as well so we
are done for now on TV but we continue
on YouTube in just a moment
see that
you
welcome back to the stream this is an
exclusive for YouTube with Bobbie wine
and Minister Chris volume one see out of
Uganda I want to start with our
community because they have so many
questions for you I'll start on YouTube
this is Michael who says what are the
chances of working with the government -
Museveni or does Bobby and visit
cleaning up the entire system he's not
the only one who asked that this is via
Facebook Michael says what are the
chances of working with the government -
Museveni so clearly a lot of people want
to know that they are already seeing a
future without President Museveni what
do you say to them that's interesting
I must note that there are very many
patriotic men and women in the ruling
party that is the national resistance
movement the very many you know credible
people in the government many of whom
the government I mean have disagreed
with the President on principle and the
ideas that took him to war to take over
power so I believe that as a nation we
need a national healing by all means we
need to come together regardless of
political party and regardless of tribe
and fine and look at the best in each
other
Yes Minister it's good to have you back
sorry about that slight breaking our
Skype connection with you the one thing
I would love to be able to go away from
this conversation and absolutely feel
confident knowing is that the
government's your approach to opposition
and other political ideas how are you
dealing with the fact that the
opposition is and has been successful
well first of all in 2005 we will get
into multi-party politics and the
opposition is free to mobilize were
supported in the whole country we have
had elections every five years where the
opposition actively back States
the reality is majority of Uganda's
continued support any rival party and
President Yoweri Museveni I am NOT in
Parliament because I am imposing myself
from Uganda I was voted by the people in
my constituency
similarly President Yoweri Museveni
every five years he goes to the
population
he has challenges from the opposition
and he's overwhelmingly reported the
last election he got over 60% of voters
in Uganda endorsing him so anybody to
claim that the opposition has no space
in Uganda is just a liar we have members
of parliament from various political
parties in our Parliament from the fod
see the main opposition party we have
the Democratic Party we have new PC we
have independent members of parliament
and Kannada which are granny we have
Gemma so there are many political
parties in the opposition represented to
Turin Department but also the local
councils it is not correct to say that
the opposition in Uganda does not have a
space so when my friend another copy why
this is is fighting for freedom freedom
from white like I said earlier on that
anybody who wants to access a political
office from the level of a president
the Member of Parliament district the
chairperson of the local council
chairperson at the village level has
subject himself or herself to the will
of the people the people who decide
president um seven does not impose
himself on the organ and spiezio ganas
who decide who chooses able to be a
president mr. poppy wine is an
accomplished and popular artists when he
made a decision to be a politician he
went invisible truancy campaign against
an Arabic and it against other
opposition candidates and he won and he
came into Parliament so they're very
democracy that you think his shit is
fake he says is the very democracy which
turned him from somebody who was from
the ashes in the ghettos a member of
parliament
now who can speak from Washington so
Bobby I'm wondering incredible Thank You
Minister
just wondering if they just don't like
you come again please maybe they don't
like you what you represent yeah it's
not that they don't like me mm-hmm
that just scared of the change and for
the ideas that I represent yeah I asked
me what kind of freedom are fighting for
were fighting for the freedom against
being tortured against being beaten for
holding a different view it must be
noted that whenever we go to campaign we
campaign in peace until the president
shows up in Uganda the most dangerous
thing is to hold a different view from
the president the Minister of security
was on national TV just a few days ago
and said to the young people of the
country that whoever is pushing for the
so-called freedom is dead and indeed the
Minister without portfolio hygiena truly
was on national TV and told the young
people of Uganda that if you think
you're going to change the regime you
are dead so there's a kind of
intimidation the kind of brutalization
that is not even insulated at all it is
outright and by they I I mean the
government when I said they don't like
you I meant the government really could
go ahead here's a critical tweet from
Butera David he writes in that people
power should not be built on violence
Bobby should make it clear to his
supporters he's been a critic of the
government despite his occupation as a
member of parliament young ideas are
what we vote for not young people and
judgment should not be made on age so
he's among a few people who say your
supporters need to know that violence is
not the answer do you believe that your
supporters are causing violence in the
first place and then secondly what would
you say to his tweet who says you need
to be telling people I would be very
clear to him and remind him that we as
the opposition or we as the people of
Uganda we don't run the institutions of
violence it is the police that has the
guns and the army and those are the ones
shooting people no do not the other way
around so it's important to know that it
is the government institutions and
precisely the
you know the armed institutions that
have been unleashing ferocious violence
on the people and indeed yes
I will make it very clear that to
represent young people does not mean
that I'm disrespecting the older people
but the fact is that 80% of your Ganon's
have never seen another president 80% of
your Ganon's you know 85% of your
garnon's under the age of 35
so representing those young people is
actually representing the majority we
know that we learn from our elders but
if elders are not giving the right
example that we wanna follow we want to
invent our own world we want to live by
our aspiration by our imagination and
our imagination is a free Uganda where
everybody is equal and that they law I
would share something from your Twitter
feed I'm gonna make you have this part
of the conversation because I know you
hate doing this Bobby wine safely
arrived in the u.s. where I'll be
receiving specialized treatment and then
I'm just going to scroll down here and
this is Barbie you're mrs. and you
looking not as well as you're looking
right now firstly how are you physically
how are you doing I would like to say
I'm better than yesterday and hopefully
tomorrow I'll be better than today so
I'm getting better every day thanks to
the doctors back home and the doctors
here in the United States and then
there's something about what you do and
the prominence with which you do it that
then makes everybody around you
incredibly vulnerable so I know
certainly your wife has had some issues
with her NGO that she runs tell us about
that well my wife has been in fear just
the day I left the country to come to
the United States you just mentioned
that my wife runs an NGO called caring
hearts Uganda which focuses on teaching
our regards to make reusable sanitary
pads but how found
but now was abducted by armed forces he
was beaten tortured for three days and
then later released only promised that
he was supposed to testify against me
and claim that that NGO is the one that
foreigners are using to send money to us
to send money to me
so not only my wife but my entire family
is living in fear they know what has
been happening to people like doctor
kizza besigye and everyday they're
expecting the worst they know opposition
uganda in east africa would definitely
know yeah were you ready for this when
we talked to you a couple of months ago
and you were talking about going into
politics and then using your platform
were you ready for this part of it the
fear the threats the beatings the
torture well I always knew that there
was persecution of course I always knew
that I was dealing with a regime that
detests any kind of competing opinion
however I must say I did not know that
the regime would descend would go lower
to this level I did not know they would
get to the level of torturing and
innocent Ugandan framing him with
position of firearms and then later on
dropping them I must say every day the
regime exposes itself exposes another
nasty side of itself yeah I want to end
with two comments from our viewers this
is romeo who says it takes a tremendous
amount of courage to do what you were
doing even going against family and
friends advice i salute you and one more
this one from Captain Nemo and Twitter
who says just thank him for us I think
he's doing it for himself right there
the level of awakening he has put
amongst the youth is just amazing
incredible seeing young people leading
social and political change in Uganda
since Bobby wine rose to Parliament and
of course his music raised us well be
wine thank you so much and also thank
you to Minister Chris barrio Muncie we
really appreciate you coming on the
program and not every time do we get
government responds we appreciate you
being part of this program as well Bobby
Ryan Minister thank you very much and to
all of our audience who've been part of
our conversation thank you to your
family ker and myself always online at a
de stream on Twitter take
