so we have all eyes on the Atlantic at
the moment then and it's not just about
Florence we've got another couple of
storms of course that we've been taking
over the last couple of days here we go
with Helene making its way up into the
open waters and then we have tropical
storm Isaac and Isaac is going to make
its way towards the Lesser Antilles it's
looking like it's going to make a
beeline for Dominica over the next
couple of days it'll smash its way
through pretty quickly and that is good
news
remember Dominica suffered from Maria
last year as it made its way on its way
towards the beating up at Puerto Rico
further north
here we go with Florence not too far
from the coast now just to the southwest
of Bermuda sustained winds of 215 km/h
gusting to around 260 now it looks
likely to intensify a little more as we
go on through the next day or so and
then it will weaken as it pushes towards
landfall and by the time we're looking
at landfall we do still have it making
landfall somewhere around Wilmington
North Carolina so that part of the track
is still the same but elsewhere as it
makes its way inland we've got some
subtle changes that have now taken place
in our forecast it's making more of a
left turn than a right turn it's pulling
away from Virginia in may even just
track along the South Carolina coast so
that's going to bring major problems
into that area storm surge at the moment
looks to be around two to four meters
could even be higher than that so that's
something to watch out for there will be
widespread flooding of course and then
there's the rain looking at around 600
millimeters of rain for some over the
next four or five days because it is
such a slow-moving system power outages
of course inevitable at the moment
there's position of the storm and then
it's slowly it's going to stagger its
slowly makes its way to the East Coast
