it is a Last Supper of sorts for carnal
ACMA's residents who along with
activists and supporters are waiting out
the hours days weeks no one knows how
long before the Israeli authorities send
in the bulldozers the feeling is
indescribable the uncertainty the
instability the threats of the
occupation the fear of the children and
the woman the situation in this
community is miserable
it's very painful what could be worse
than losing your land it's very
difficult you may see this land as a
desert but for us Bedouins it's life
they destroy we rebuild we either live
right or our land or we die the almost
10-year long legal battle to save Hana
LACMA has drawn support from across the
world and closer to home combatants for
peace is an Israeli Palestinian group
that feels increasingly isolated in this
country to me I think the situation in
Israel in the last few years as
deteriorated to state - we have to have
support national international support
groups inside the Israeli society that
in the past were accepted and respected
today or being attacked and I'm here
because I think that you know I like the
phrase you know none are free until we
all are I think is something that I like
to live by it when the bulldozers do
move in they'll be clearing the way for
the expansion of illegal Israeli
settlements that will eventually cut
through the occupied West Bank
several major European countries have
tonight again asked Israel not to go
ahead with the demolitions referring
particularly to the 70 years the
Palestinian Bedouins have called this
area home but the only official Israeli
reaction there has ever been since the
Supreme Court ruling came down was from
Defense Minister avid or Lieberman and
he said no one will prevent as
exercising our sovereignty Burnett Smith
al-jazeera Hana LACMA
