Viktor Orban arrived in Strasbourg to
defend himself and his far-right
policies as mep x' debated punishing
hungary for breaching EU values the
Prime Minister accused the European
Parliament of blackmail
Hungary does not give in to blackmail
Hungary will defend its borders stop
illegal migration and will defend its
rights some MEP say that all bands
anti-immigration and anti EU government
is violating the rule of law and human
rights at the height of Europe's
migration crisis in 2015
Hungary built a fence along its border
with Serbia and Croatia to keep out
refugees
sadly the Commission shares the concerns
expressed in the report in particular as
regards fundamental rights corruption
the treatment of Roma and the
Independence of the judiciary Oban says
he's been unfairly targeted by a pro
migration liberal elite but this
Hungarian opposition MEP disagrees in
contradiction with what mr. Orban is
saying this report is not about
migration and refugees but 95 percent of
this report is about undermining the
fundamental rights of Hungarian citizens
in Hungary on Wednesday MEP s will vote
on whether to trigger article 7 against
Hungary it's known here in EU circles as
the nuclear option because of its
seriousness it's a procedure which could
lead to Budapest being stripped of its
EU council voting rights all bands
supporters say he's defending Hungary's
sovereignty his opponents say he's part
of a populist wave that threatens the
future of the block and must be reined
in before European parliamentary
elections next year
Natasha butler al jazeera Strasbourg
France
