trying to campaign on the west coast
u.s. president Donald Trump couldn't get
away from the questions about Jamal cuz
Shoji's murder it was pretty much all
reporters asked about as for the Saudi
explanation the president had this
response I'm not satisfied until we find
the answer but it was a big first step
was a good first step but I want to get
to the answer he says that could come by
Tuesday but he again insisted that what
is most important to him the money that
Saudi Arabia spends in the u.s. the
amounts have been changing over time 110
billion four hundred and fifty billion
its four hundred and fifty thousand jobs
four hundred and fifty billion dollars
six hundred thousand jobs it's over a
million jobs but experts say those
numbers are simply not true not accurate
not even close the administration of the
White House is operating on this false
narrative that Saudi Arabia that will
depend on Saudi Arabia that Saudi
Arabia's arms purchases are support
American industry that they they we need
them they don't need us that they could
go someplace else that's not an accurate
narrative and it isn't persuading Saudis
critics in Congress or in the press who
are increasingly pointing the finger
directly at the Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman the publisher of
cash oh geez former newspaper The
Washington Post is accusing Saudi Arabia
of trying to cover up his murder and the
editorial board is urging people
worldwide to shun Saudi Arabia until the
kingdom changes writing the first step
in that process is determining the full
truth about the khashoggi murder and
holding it's likely author Mohammed bin
Salman fully accountable former Vice
President Joe Biden seemed to agree the
rest of the world is watching the United
States of America we have led the world
and they're wondering word hell are we
what's become of us and now MBS the
Saudi Arabia who I know my lord he's
making excuses by the way you know that
all expression some people bring a gun
to a knife fight
well you
bring bone saws to fights the anger
shows no signs of abating this just a
straw that broke the camel's back as far
as the United States is concerned that
these are their incidents I think he's
gotten a pass on he's not going to get a
pass on this
it seems the biggest question in
Washington now how big of a price could
Saudi have to pay one more indication
that the president's thinking could be
changing is we haven't seen Jared
Kushner his senior advisor and
son-in-law anywhere near him during
these days where this story has
dominated the headlines Kushner
obviously has a closer relationship with
Mohammed bin Salman
according to aides in the Washington
Post the president is quite annoyed with
his son-in-law and says he feels
blindsided by the whole thing
