a picture can paint a thousand words
happy thoughtful even horrified with one
tap there's a shortcut to human emotion
and emojis are now making it into the
art world at a new exhibition in London
artist Antoine khattala is exploring
their impact on society a video loop of
a conversation and silicone emojis play
out to show how a few words and symbols
can change the way we talk think and
react written language is sort of fixed
the oral language changes over time it's
different means of transmission of
information and emojis we don't know how
they will look like in ten years
however the text will read the same and
so it's kind of interesting to think of
it as some kind of archival form and how
it look in ten years more than 560
billion texts are reported to be sent
worldwide every month we've been sending
text messages to one another for more
than 25 years they have totally
transformed the way we communicate but
they've also been blamed for encouraging
bad spelling and reducing emotion down
to a simple emoji and art has always
been about emotion and expression none
more so than at the Victoria and Albert
Museum in London
among other highly politically charged
exhibits it's an emoji which will be
soon added to your phone or tablet it
shows a mosquito and it's part of a
public health drive which will let
scientists track the occurrence of
mosquitoes this emoji may be used by you
and I after barbecue one evening having
been stung one too many times but it's
also about how you might track the
movement of mosquito across place so
scientists can use it as a means to
understand where the mosquitoes are art
and science are always reaching out for
new ways to try to grab people's
attention changing lives could just be a
click away
Emma Hayward al-jazeera in London
