it wasn't too long ago when the
International Criminal Court in The
Hague celebrated its 20th anniversary
for some it has achieved a measure of
justice for victims of war crimes and
genocide when national jurisdictions
were unable or unwilling to do so but
the United States regards the courts
mandate as dangerous to its sovereignty
Washington has been a longtime critic of
the ICC but it is now threatening action
following the chief prosecutors decision
to investigate alleged war crimes and
detainee abuse by US forces in
Afghanistan as well as Israeli actions
against Palestinians if a powerful state
like the u.s. bullies the court then
smaller states weaker States might be
much the feeling less inclined to
support the court John Bolton the US
National Security Advisor tried to
undermine the court when he was serving
in the George W Bush administration but
on Monday
his latest attack included a threat to
go after ICC officials United States
will use any means necessary to protect
our citizens and those of our allies
from unjust prosecution by this
illegitimate court some fear support for
international justice for the millions
of victims and survivors is at risk
political support for the court they say
has diminished in recent years and the
US campaign against it will only make it
worse the court depends on the support
of states for its money for its arrest
warrant for the court to investigate a
case it requires a request from the
state in question or a referral by the
UN Security Council but world powers
like Russia China and the US are not
members of the ICC and they have veto
power in the council the prosecutor
however can also open a case if the
courts judges give authorization the
Trump administration is threatening to
curb what it calls the courts sweeping
powers some human rights activists are
accusing the u.s. of double standards
and of using the court as a political
instrument to serve its own interests
for example in 2011 the United States
voted at the UN Security Council to
refer Libya to the ICC after alleged
work
crimes by Moammar Qaddafi's government
the ICC is reiterating its commitment to
what it describes as its independent and
impartial mandate it hasn't yet
officially responded to the u.s. threats
and whether they will affect plans to
investigate and prosecute the
Afghanistan case and address the
situation in Palestine this statement by
Bolton certainly is an attempt to
instill fear in the court and to instill
fear in human rights defenders working
with the court we believe that the
office of the prosecutor is going to
remain firm and unwavering in her
loyalty to the Rome Statute we are
putting our trust in her the ICC will do
what it can to continue its work but in
many ways the court is hostage to the
political will and cooperation of the
international community XANA hodor al
jazeera The Hague
