Palestinian leaders vowed to continue
efforts to bring Israel to the
International Criminal Court as the u.s.
threatens to sanction report and closes
Palestines mission in Washington so for
this reignite tension in the region and
candy US still acts as a peace broker
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
inaudible Hamid
the US government has announced its
closing the diplomatic mission of the
Palestinian Liberation Organization in
Washington National Security Advisor
John Bolton delivered the news during a
speech on Monday he also threatened to
arrest and prosecute judges of the
International Criminal Court should they
proceed to prosecute American citizens
or Israel Palestinians have long sought
justice at the ICC for the Israeli
occupation the Trump administration will
not keep the office open when the
Palestinians refused to take steps to
start direct and meaningful negotiations
with Israel the United States will use
any means necessary to protect our
citizens and those of our allies from
unjust prosecution by this illegitimate
court we will not cooperate with the ICC
we will provide no assistance to the ICC
and we certainly will not join the ICC
chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat
has accused the Trump administration of
doing Israel's bidding by allowing more
illegal settlements and cutting
desperately needed aid to Palestinians
here's some of what he had to say the
transgression wants to dismantle the
international order to ensure that it
can stay above the laws and escape
accountability if the u.s. is that much
against the International Criminal Court
why did the u.s. lead the Security
Council on trying to bring President
Omar Bashir Sudan to the International
Criminal Court why did it support all
the applications against African leaders
on the International Criminal Code I'm
not gonna speak about double standards
I'm not gonna go to the issue of racism
I leave it to your thinking the u.s. is
not only piling pressure on the PLO but
the actions it's taking may also affect
final status negotiations with Israel
let's take a look at these Boulton
became the first american of
shall to refer to illegal Israeli
settlements as housing projects while US
has frozen 25 million dollars in funding
for Palestinian hospitals last month it
also cut funding to the UN agency that
helps Palestinian refugees and it also
acts 200 million dollars in aid to Gaza
and the occupied West Bank and the PLO
says the u.s. is no longer an honest
broker in talks after it moved its
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
earlier this year so let's bring in our
panel for today joining us in Ramallah
Mustafa Baruti secretary-general of the
Palestinian national initiative in West
Jerusalem alone Leal former Israeli
diplomat he was also the
director-general of the Israeli Foreign
Ministry and in Washington Khalil Josh
an executive director of the Arab
Institute Washington DC a warm welcome
to you all
Mustafa let me start with you now if the
Palestinians have also lost their voice
in Washington it keeps on getting from
bad to worse we didn't lose anything I
think the United States has lost its
ability to be a mediator in any peace
process it has lost any ability to be
impartial and it has shown the decisions
of mr. Trump and this administration has
shown that there is no difference
whatsoever between Israeli policy and
this administration's policy on the
contrary I think his action against the
PLO office looks like they are receiving
instructions from mr. Netanyahu the
Prime Minister of Israel and it is also
a reflection of this alliance between
the most extreme most reactionary
neoconservatives in the United States
and the Israeli Zionist movement which
is of course going to reflect in a very
dangerous manner considering these
actions what the United States
administration did is an effort to
exercise pressure on us as Palestinians
to give up our rights to give up our
right for freedom for independence for
our national rights and that will never
happen
we will never accept to surrender we
will never accept the so called the deal
of the century which is nothing but
about liquidating to the Palestinian
rights including our rights in Jerusalem
our rights for an independent state our
rights for having of Palestinian
refugees and we will never surrender to
this pressure okay
you're in Washington I mean doesn't come
as a surprise that this was going to
happen not only the Trump administration
but several u.s. administration's before
that had threatened to close down the
mission now that it's happened how was
the news perceived you're right that
this is not the first time I mean the
issue of PLO presence here has never
been normalized
the US has allowed a presence diplomatic
presence way back it used to be under
the auspices of the League of Arab
states then it became independent under
a you know Palestinian entity however it
was never recognized fully as a
diplomatic entity and continued to be
blackmailed recently definitely it
hasn't been a surprise considering the
calls and and lobbying within Congress
to try to use it as another leverage
point to blackmail the Palestinians
taken on its own frankly it's just a
symbolic gesture with very limited
political significance however when you
fit it in with the events of the past
nine months and the steps undertaken by
the administration starting with
Jerusalem earlier in the year or late
last year at the refugee issue on wha
the hospitals the inability to deal with
the issue of two states or recognize the
two-state solution when you fit it
together with all of that it becomes
basically an obscene an unadulterated
form of blackmail to force the
Palestinians to accept an American
dictate well I don't I'm supposing that
where you are the news was well received
at least in some quarters but could you
please explain to us
what's the thinking behind it what's the
benefit for Israel to have to have one
step after the other taken by the Trump
administration I mean we've seen this
total support by Prime Minister
Netanyahu for president Donald Trump a
lot of let's say favors towards him but
do you agree with Mustafa that maybe
Trump is listening a bit too much to
Prime Minister Netanyahu I can agree
that he was listening to Prime Minister
Netanyahu when they move of the embassy
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
it was concerned definitely big joy in
Israel of the Israeli government I am
Not sure at all the cutting of their
money especially to hospitals in East
Jerusalem is causing joy in Israel and
I'm not sure at all I'm guessing because
here it's holiday nobody is reacting it
officially but I'm not sure at all the
closing of the mission in Washington
will cause a lot of joy because this is
the last stick the Americans are having
over the last civilian stick they can
come to the point of bombarding in
Ramallah but I don't think they will do
this but the last meaningful diplomatic
civilian stick that they had was closing
the mission and this is in fact an
announcement by Washington that they
gave up on mediating and I think the
Israelis would not like this because for
the Israelis to have the possibility of
the Americans mediating hanging there
was good because nobody is stepping in
while the Americans are working on the
deal of the century now in fact the
closing of the embassy says we will not
work on the deal
this century you cannot work on
mediating when you kick out the
diplomats of one of the sides for
Washington so this can bring in the
Europeans and Russians and try nine
others to to be more interested in
peacemaking and I don't think is when we
like it so and on just do you actually
from what you're saying I have a feeling
that you're trying to explain that both
sides have never have not really thought
through all these steps I'm talking
about Israel and Washington in the sense
that all these decisions were taken one
after the other since the end of last
year but no one has no one is thinking
long-term well I think there is a
difference between Israel and the United
States and Jerusalem and Washington on
the issue of their wish to have a deal
I think Israel doesn't want a deal
doesn't want an agreement with the
Palestinians I really think that
President Trump and the people around
him wanted a deal they wanted a very Pro
Israeli deal but they thought they can
they could impose such a deal and once
they saw that they cannot impose a deal
they are gradually giving up and and I
don't think this was the initial
American plan there were threats all the
time to close the mission in Washington
but I don't think they really wish to do
it but they they were pushed into a
corner when they could not ignite talks
that they had to do it
so Mustapha the Palestinians have been
put under a lot of pressure some would
even say that they have been bullied I'm
just repeating the words used by several
senior Palestinian officials what's next
for you guys and I mean Palestinian
leaders have always said that Israel is
not interested in peace Israel has said
the opposite but as the Palestinians
were praying the highest price
what can you do what margin of manoeuvre
do you have at this stage it's very
strange to set to say that Palestinians
don't want peace
I mean who and the Palestinian people
would like to stay under Israeli
military occupation which has become the
longest occupation in modern history 51
years which Palestinian refugee would
want to stay a refugee instead of having
the ability and the possibility of
coming back to the homeland he was born
in or his father was born in it's just a
big big propaganda mistake to claim that
Palestinians don't want peace the people
that want peace more than anybody else
in this world are the Palestinians who
suffered as you said more than anybody
else who are suffering today from the
theft of our land from the displacement
from the ethnic cleansing which is
taking place now and phenol Armour and
in other places who are suffering from
having 7,000 prisoners in Israeli jails
but I think your Israeli guest has just
confirmed what I said he's just
confirmed that practically mr. Trump and
his administration are receiving their
instructions from mr. Netanyahu yes
Trump wanted the deal of the century to
be in favor of Israel and denying us the
right even to negotiate about Jerusalem
the right even to talk about the issue
of refugees but Netanyahu doesn't want
any deal at all he does not want even
any negotiations and Netanyahu wants to
implement the American deal on the
ground practically and that is exactly
what Israel is doing in terms of
settlement building and so on so I think
the whole issue about the deal of the
century was nothing but advancing
Israeli approach and then going as far
as they could they knew exactly that no
Palestinian leader would ever accept
surrender in Jerusalem and they used all
of that to kill any possibility for a
peace process but one very important
point here is that this action of the
American side is happening exactly on
the anniversary of the 25th anniversary
of the Oslo agreement in my opinion
American closure of the PLO office is a
declaration from Israel and the United
States that Oslo is dead and that is the
end of the road the end of the road of
wrong agreement where Palestinians
agreed on things they should not have
agreed about at least they should have
demanded a full and complete cessation
of all settlement activities and a
recognition of the right of the
Palestinians to have a state of their
own this did not happen now we are at
the end of that road and we need to
choose a different alternative Road and
we can do it nobody can blackmail us to
surrender and give up our rights this is
not going to happen and in my opinion
this American position reflects an
isolation of American diplomacy look the
United States is in trouble today with
Canada in trouble today with Russia with
China with the Europeans with the United
Nations with international law and now
they want even to have trouble with the
International Criminal Court just
because the International Criminal Code
might criticize Israel for the crimes it
has committed we're gonna get back to
the Oslo Accords in a few minutes but I
just wanted to ask Holly I mean we have
been talking about this ultimate deal
for quite a while President Trump
certainly repeated it more than once but
no one knows the details may be a few
officials in Washington and in Israel
but apart from that very little has
leaked so was there really an ultimate
deal in your view or was the Trump
administration cobbling together
something as it went along because it's
very difficult to understand what's the
aim of all of this technically and
officially there is no such thing as the
ultimate deal frankly it's it's a
figment of someone's imagination at the
White House they have been talking about
it even before they arrived at the White
House if you remember during the
campaign they began to talk about an
ultimate deal for peace and in the
Middle East that trump expressed as a
candidate his desire to work out and to
mediate however in practical terms when
you look at Washington for those of us
who live here and who
are familiar with previous negotiations
attempts in in in in in the past for
decades there is always you know a team
that's put together whether it's at the
White House or at the State Department
particularly at the State Department
that works for years in preparation for
such talks no such team has been put
together other than two or three people
that have been basically managing a
rehash of ideas that they inherited from
not I wouldn't even say from Israel but
inherit or the Netanyahu government they
inherited from the most radical elements
anti-peace elements in in Israel and
going back to what alone said I I think
I understand where he's coming from
there is a discrepancy between the
intentions of Washington and the
intentions of the Netanyahu government
Netanyahu doesn't want peace but at
least this administration has talked
about the possibility but in practical
terms nothing has happened in practical
terms it was a dictate in practical
terms it was ideas that do not meet the
minimum requirements the minimum
aspirations of the Palestinian people
whether it's the two-state solution
whether it's the end of occupation this
administration in spite of its declared
objective of one thing to do a
comprehensive and lasting peace as it
did yesterday for God's sake the
statement yesterday announcing the
closure of the office by the State
Department declared that this is not a
retreat I'm quoting this is not a
retreat by this administration from its
commitment to comprehensive and lasting
peace if that's not a retreat I don't
know what a retreat is well going back
to the statement by the National
Security Advisor John Bolton yesterday
on Monday it was quite clear that the
decision to close down the pl o--'s
mission at this particular point was
somehow late
to the steps taken by the Palestinians
at the International Criminal Court in
The Hague now alone could you explain to
us why is Israel so keen on shielding
itself from the ICC when at the same
time it considers it's never done
anything wrong
first it's 9/11 I think today and when
thinking about the closure of the
mission it's really their 9/11 of the
peace process it's the end of the peace
process and it was not done on the Oslo
day that is 13th of September but it was
done on the 11th of September and I
don't know if intentionally they chose
the 911 but it so it so happened
regarding the deal of the century before
I come to the ICC it is unbelievable
that a unexperienced president in
diplomatic affairs took three people all
Jewish totally unexperienced in
diplomatic affairs and asked them to do
the deal of the century I think the
intention was like in business to give
them a deem they cannot refuse with the
rifle
headed toward them and I think only
gradually
this team and the president understood
that the Palestinians are not on their
own in this world and in order to have a
deal you have to talk with them and the
moment you could not bring them to the
table the whole thing collapsed so the
assumption that you can go on torture
the Palestinians and they will come to
the table this was the big mistake not
that they didn't want to make something
they didn't know how to do it they they
were totally ignorant when it comes to
Middle Eastern diplomacy regarding ICC
I think this is an excuse I think the
issue of the Palestinians claims a to
ICC is not what brought about the
closure of the embassy and the financial
punishments it's all the the fact that
Abu Mazen was a courageous enough I
would say a toward Washington to say no
and Americans like children they were
insulted that Abu Mazen who is nothing
who does never state who doesn't have an
economy who doesn't have an army is
saying no to the only superpower in the
world I think this was the only factor
and they behaved as insulted children
using one stick after the other until
they finish the sticks and let's see
what will happen now I don't think they
the problems the United States is United
States is having with ICC is another
matter but I think the the fact that the
Palestinians are approaching
international legal bodies is is
happening all the time I don't think
this was the reason for closing the
mission well under Palestinian
leadership does say that it will
continue with its bidding with several
international organizations now Mustafa
briefly we're reaching the end of the
show
I mean Oslo dead is something you hear a
lot in the streets of Ramallah or
anywhere you go in the occupied West
Bank and Gaza and some people will tell
you it is a good thing now if the u.s.
is not any more an honest broker is it
now maybe the silver lining and golden
opportunity for the Palestinians to
rethink their whole approach on how to
end the occupation to bring in more
people or to do it completely different
scrap this and start again actually it's
not only a golden opportunity it's a
duty it's our duty to help to create and
use
an alternative strategy using popular
nonviolent resistance as we do today in
hand armor and in many other places
using boycott divestment sanctions in
the same manner that it was used against
the apartheid system in South Africa
especially that Israel has created a
much worse apartheid today and using
international arena and international
law to to besiege this Israeli
occupation and this system of apartheid
and to stop waiting for the United
States to provide a solution but I want
just to say one point about the deal of
the century the main goal was to have
Palestinians sit at a table while their
issues are liquidated like Jerusalem
refugees etcetera and while Israel would
normalize relationship with the Arab
countries that's what we Palestinians
courageously obstructed and that sorry
mr. Trump is mad it's not just a
childish behavior it's because we failed
them we stopped their plan to normalize
relations with Israel at our expense
I think I'm gonna bring in Khalil but we
have less than a minute left so Mustapha
says the deal was basically jeopardize
do you do you do you agree with him that
it all backfired in the face of the
Trump administration and what options
are they available now or are they any I
do agree that the deal has collapsed and
basically this is the reason for this
vengeful attitude on the part of staff
at the White House against the
Palestinians what they are trying to do
domestically I think is trying to put
the blame totally on the Palestinian
side for the failure of this project
that they have been propagating you know
since their arrival at the White House
particularly to their immediate
constituency in this regard which is the
extreme right-wing evangelical movement
that doesn't believe something that
several US administrations have done I'm
sorry Helene but we have reached the end
of the show so thank you everyone
Mustafa Baruti along Lian and Helene
Josh on and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any
time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from mija dr. Hameed and
the entire team here in Doha bye for now
you
