he's known as Bobby wine Ugandan pop
star turned politician Robert chicken
Lonnie made headlines after being
detained on August 14th he was charged
with treason accused of throwing stones
at president yahwah in the seventies
presidential motorcade after release on
bail chicken Lonnie said he was tortured
by security forces he was again detained
before being allowed to seek medical
treatment in the United States
Amanda Gallacher in Washington DC Robert
Chang Gulani has just been released from
hospital and is ready to talk about the
accusations made against him by the
Ugandan government his detention and
alleged torture
Robert chugga Lonnie Bobby wine talks to
aljazeera
let's start with the events of last
month you were arrested twice firstly
for throwing stones at the presidential
motorcade and then secondly you were
arrested and charged with treason your
driver was shot and killed in what you
think was an assassination attempt and
then you say you were brutally tortured
by the security forces what happened
well a lot happened like I said I was
brutal arrested beaten terribly then
tortured father in the car and charged
for illegal possession of firearms a
charge that was later dropped by the
government itself and then later charged
with treason so in my opinion it was
more of pass occasion than prosecution
but the beating you said it was with an
iron bar it sounds like it was almost a
sexual assault in parts from what you
you've said before who carried that out
and why the section of the military
called this Special Forces Command the
section of the military is charged with
cutting the president and it's actually
led by the president's son carried out
all those atrocities on me beat me with
a Naiad ma with an iron bar beat me with
gun butts squeezed my testicles and you
know do Dolan speak about things to me
one commentator in Uganda said that in
some ways as unfortunate as this event
was it was almost your baptism it's it's
it's giving you a higher profile and
they said now your supporters will be
watching because of your profile what's
your next move what do you do now well
we've always been wanting a free Uganda
but that free Uganda should not come at
the cost of torture should not come at
the cost of murder or you know legal
executions it should be Godfrey because
our generation feels like the price as
always I the price has already been paid
for President Museveni to come in power
we lost more than half a million people
in what he said was a liberation now
that liberation does not make sense to
us because we are met with brutal force
every time we try to raise our voices
every time we try to seek for the change
that we know we constitutionally deserve
now you're here to get medical treatment
one of your major concerns is is to get
your blood tested because you didn't
trust what the doctors were injecting
you with yeah in Uganda will there be
any long-term effects to your health do
you think um I don't know I'm still
waiting for the results so I can know
what is actually in my blood I've gotten
treatment as you can see many of the
wounds have healed and I've graduated
from using crutches to just a walking
skin a walking stick physically I'm
getting better I wish I would be free in
the blood like I am beginning to be free
physically now when you were detained I
believe around 32 other people would
attend you say some of those were were
tortured as well women among them could
you have done more should you have done
more for them could you have flown them
here perhaps to get medical treatment I
wish I could do it like I always tell my
friends I feel humbled that my
brutalization attracted the attention of
friends across the world but at the same
time I feel indebted to the men and
women that have endured similar torture
over the years in particular the people
that were arrested together with me were
so brutalized I remember a lady called
zero she had just had a baby by cesarean
section but she was beaten so much that
even by the time I left Uganda she was
still passing blood in a privates
there's another guy called a Tico doctor
told us doctors told us he will never be
about war there's another young lady
called soda my dad I left her in
hospital
my family and I myself
that it was important to save my life
and because I am lucky to have the
resources that can bring me to America
for further treatment I feel like this
is right that everybody has deserves and
that is why I try as much as possible to
use this remaining time as I still live
to raise my voice to speak for those
people to make sure that what happened
to me and what pain or what happened to
my colleagues does not happen to any
other you can and cuz nobody deserves
this
I believe what can be done is not just
to be done by me what I have is the
voice to raise the plight of your canons
but I continue to call upon you
Garland's especially the young yoga nuns
to speak up the more we unite the
stronger will become the stronger we
become today the regime seems to be
shaking simply because you cannons are
more United and it's the call that I
continue to call upon your gun hands to
stand to be resilient and to
continuously demand for the dignity that
they deserve you're facing a president
who's been in power since 1986 is
removed term limits removed age limits
and plans to run again in 2021 how do
you take on someone like that it seems
to have such a grip on power I know that
we are facing a president who came to
power when I was only four years but I
also know that the population of Uganda
is over 85% under the age of 35 I know
that it is many people like me who share
the same dreams and aspiration for a
better country a country where the
citizen will be the true master and the
leaders are going to be servant a
country where when you work hard you
achieve so we share the same pain we
share the same operation and I believe
that our numbers are not such a lie I
believe that the dreams will hold
together the aspirations were all
together a much stronger than the fear
and terror that has been unleashed to us
so much as our president has the guns
much as they have the ferocious forces
we have
the dreams that we hold together and
nothing can stop us from achieving what
we want achieve by running as an
independent politician is there a
concern that you by not joining one of
the main parties you may split the vote
or you may sew a cord and make things
harder by not having joined one of the
main parties by not adding your voice to
someone that's already established when
I was joining politics or what anybody
would love to call politics I looked at
not the divisions that were having I
looked at they played that we share
together today Uganda is split into two
types of people the oppressors and the
oppressed so many people are oppressed
regardless of what political party tribe
or religion they belong to many people
are oppressed even when they belong to
the ruling party so our desire as the
oppressed people is to redeem ourselves
and we know that we are continuously
being joined by people from across the
divide from all political parties from
all tribes and from all religions so
what we unites us is not the identities
of the political parties or sections
that will belong to no but the desire of
freedom and liberty that we have as a
nation is what unites us but how do you
turn those desires those wishes that
longing for change into real political
change in your country because the
challenges are huge against a president
who seems to want to stay in power for
as long as he lives well the challenges
are huge but we are very a very
optimistic generation we know that we
have nothing to lose apart from a
useless life we know that you are
millions and millions of young
professionals doctors lawyers teachers
who can't make sense out of life we know
that we are together with groups
hundreds of thousands of elders who
are continuously being embarrassed by
the way things are going you know we
know that even the young people in the
Armed Forces young people in the police
and civil servants all desire change now
I know you're planning to go back home
in a few days time these treason charges
are still outstanding it seems to me
that you're a marked man are you fearful
about returning home well I'd be honest
yes I'm fearful as a person but I don't
have another country Uganda is my
country so I either live in a dignified
country or I be remembered as a Ugandan
who died trying to make a better Uganda
you're talking about your own death
there is that something is that a
possibility that you're aware of as a
father with four children as someone who
is a loyal Ugandan I love my family so
much I love my country but I also know
that just less than 48 hours ago one of
my best friends was shot dead simply
because he dared to speak truth to power
so many people died even without saying
a thing so it's important for me to
raise the voice for as long as I can do
you feel like you're qualified to lead
these people do you feel like you have
what it takes to be a leader I believe
that everybody can play a role I'm only
trying to play a role as a person I grew
up from the ghetto and I was elevated by
the common people
the Ugandans that gave me this platform
and that is why I'm talking to you today
so I believe that I can only play my
role in its tiny position and by
encouraging all the millions of you
cannons for each of them to keep playing
their role you say you're playing a tiny
role what if that role let's play the
scenario means that you become the next
president of Uganda do you want that job
I want to be a gunman that
lives in a free Uganda it does not
matter who the president will be as of
now nobody is free I want to be free and
everyone wants to be free regardless of
who the president is how do you get from
the scenario that Uganda is in now to
that point where you can translate all
that energy and that need for change to
actual change because it feels like an
insurmountable task right now yeah it's
an insurmountable task but I believe
that by changing the minds of people to
look at themselves as a contribution
it's important who have a young
population that can be two things ADA
can be a liability to Uganda or can be
an asset to Uganda it depends on how
they are channeled but most importantly
for all of us to embrace our country and
know that we are not each other each
other's enemy regardless of what
political party they belong to
regardless of their age regardless of
their religion or tribe that is what we
desire and I'm sure we'll get that you
could have easily made the choice to
stay as an actor as a as a well-known
famous musician making lots of money
having a comfortable life you chose the
path to go into politics why I cannot be
comfortable or I cannot pretend to be
free uncomfortable when Uganda is not
when the ghetto boys and girls who I
grew up with continue to die every day
we lose 18 women in hospitals every day
giving back we lose more than 300
children under the age of five these are
not relatives of friends or anybody
known to the people in higher classes
these are people known to me now having
been lifted through that life and
offered this opportunity to speak for
them I always feel like when I speak
their voice of millions and millions is
echoing through me
so I cannot be selfish to deny them that
but again that sounds like you could
very well under bring the
leader of this country going forward are
you ready for the sacrifices of what
that position will hold well whether I'm
ready or not ready for the sacrifices
looks like I don't have a choice you did
have a choice you could have stayed as a
musician as an actor and not gone into
politics but the calling for you that
need to help change the country it's
just something that's so at the core of
who you are that you you felt like you
had to go forward and and throw your hat
into the political ring yeah and
unfortunately it's me doing this
interview but I want to remind you that
so many gallant Ugandan young and old
men and women have dared to speak out
many of paid the ultimate price many
have disappeared in unknown jails many
have been maimed tortured and everything
I'm only here communicating so it does
not begin with me and indeed it does not
end with me I'm only trying to build on
the blocks that many Uganda's have built
on many Uganda ends up I'll pay the
price you don't really have any
political experience Uganda has enormous
problems poverty being among one of the
worst what would you do to improve the
plight of your own people what specific
policies or approaches which you have um
we have so many patriotic Huguenots
very many schooled intelligent men and
women with very beautiful and
progressive policies and proposals that
they put on the table but they do not
have the ability to implement them
because of the rampant corruption
because all the power has been
concentrated in the presidency I believe
that once Uganda is free all talented
you Ganon's will be able to offer what
they can offer to the country all they
desire is the opportunity to offer their
talents and knowledge to our country
this kind of
change that you want to see to a more
free Uganda to a more democratic Uganda
more often than not in the continent of
Africa doesn't go well doesn't go
peacefully often people lose their lives
in large numbers do you hope it will be
different in Uganda and if so how would
you make that transition I really hope
it would be different
I've seen transformation in countries
bloodlessly of sin peaceful transitions
in our neighbors Tanzania and Kenya have
seen Ghana
I've seen various places but I've also
seen situation like situations like in
book enough ah so where the people take
charge of their country so we have seen
it happen elsewhere and indeed it can
happen in Uganda I only hope that our
president can respect the people of
Uganda and indeed be the first
government to listen to the voice of
reason to be the first government to
respect the people do you think
President Museveni is scared of you well
like I said this is not about me it's
not about me but in so many ways it is
about you you're the the person that's
been elevated because if your fame
because of your popularity among young
people so in many ways if you are
representing this desire for change it
is about you in so many ways so do you
think he has reason to feel you if I was
him I would rather I respect me than
fear me I'd rather listen to me then
fear me so would you look over and talk
to him whatever is there to fear is not
in me it is in the people of Uganda so
would you sit down and talk with him
about what the people want about a
desire for change is that something he
would be open to or do you think he just
isn't somebody that would do that I
think the cry has been very clear not
only from me but from all angles of
Uganda and you'd only be
descend to our president to listen to
the cry of the people is he someone
that's willing to listen to the people
in my opinion the more our leaders stay
in power is the more they get insulated
from the realities around themselves is
the more they get disconnected to the
people and that's why when young people
rise he calls us terrorists he calls us
detractors I mean he said your claims
that you were beaten up by his security
forces are fake news how direktor that
it is surprising for the head of state
to say that I was taken to the hospitals
government hospitals and indeed he also
brought in a group of nine top doctors
to examine me and indeed there was even
a report of the Uganda human rights
commission that came out that he
disregarded but again it's not the first
time that our president is making such
outrageous statements will with respect
to him I'll leave that at that
to give us an idea of for people
watching around the world what's life
like in Uganda if you are a young person
who's only ever known this one leader
who feels this deep desire to change
thing what's an average day like for
someone living in a poor neighborhood in
Kampala life is unsetting for the poor
you live in constant uncertainty a
situation where one wakes up and if they
are lucky enough to have lunch they're
not sure about dinner where a young man
or woman cannot guarantee a decent meal
a day a situation where when you work
hard you're not you are you gonna get
paid a situation where the system works
only for the lucky few and for those
lucky few they have to depend all to
belong to a certain class or a certain
tribe or a certain
be somehow close to the presidency what
would stop you if you did come to power
and now I keep going back to this point
but it seems like it's a possibility
what would stop you from becoming like
the president is now what would stop you
from becoming someone who just kept hold
of power and did away with term limits
and just stayed in power and and became
the same as the man that you would
replace well that's a fear why because
many of the things I'm saying today our
president said when he was my age but I
believe that if people are empowered to
a point to elect and unelect a leader if
people have that power to decide who is
their leader and who is not their leader
I think that would be the ultimate
answer because I also know that power
corrupts and corrupts absolutely so
what's important is to empower our
people it must be remembered that our
president came to power through force of
arms and since then people continuously
get disempowered so empowering our
people is the only way we can confirm
that never again will a president be a
king in Uganda one of the other reasons
that you were in the United States apart
from getting medical treatment was to
talk to politicians here about the money
that the US government gives to the
Ugandan army they rely on those security
forces for the region they give
something like eight hundred million
dollars a year you've been asking him
not to do that
how have those meetings been going and
why do you want to see an end to that
kind of funding um for the record I've
met a couple of leaders and I hope to
meet more leaders I must note that I am
thankful to the United States and indeed
all other development partners for the
cooperation they've had with Uganda
they've assisted us not only with the
military but with our fight in the
against hiv/aids devices thus with our
education and indeed they've supported
our army home-and-away
it's important like I've said especially
to the United States taxpayer to know
that much of the military aid we get is
actually used to oppress and brutalize
the citizens of Uganda I will note that
the gun that killed my driver that could
have probably killed me is an American
gun so the United States and just like
all other development partners should be
standing with the oppressed another
oppressor should be standing with the
people of Uganda are not simply the
president simply because our our
institutions have been you know
disempowered it worries not just we you
garnon's but you should be worrying the
development partners because dealing
with an individual is dangerous what
happens when that individuals not there
I think it should be a relationship
between Uganda and America not between
no Savini
and America one last question are you
hopeful for Uganda's future I'm very
hopeful for Uganda's future I know that
regardless of the operation I know that
no matter how many people are tortured
imprisoned or even killed I know that
freedom will come to Uganda someday
Robert hello Connie thank you for
talking to Al Jazeera thank you very
much for having me talk to Al Jazeera
has asked Uganda's president for an
interview you worry miss Ebony's office
said they'll pass our request we look
forward to having him on our programme
in the near future
you
