it was a day marred by violence a
suicide bomber blew himself up outside
the polling station in Kabul killing and
injuring dozens of people it was one of
several attacks in the Afghan capital
there was a blast I fell down on the
ground blood was everywhere and there
were many casualties but I don't know
what happened next but the attacks
haven't deterred people from casting
their votes an act of defiance despite
the growing threats and tense security
situation this is the third
parliamentary election since the fall of
the Taliban in 2001 people here in Kabul
showed up in the early hours at polling
stations I will vote for someone who
would work for Afghanistan and serve the
nation we need Patriots who care about
the country these people that deserve to
be elected to Parliament I am exercising
my democratic right I want to choose the
right person who will fight for my
rights in the rights of women if women
vote in large numbers their voices will
be heard extraordinary security measures
were in place in the capital Kabul the
authorities are taking no chances ten
candidates were killed during election
campaigning the president suspended the
election in Kandahar province after the
Taliban killed two top officials there
on Thursday election was also delayed in
Ghazni province following ethnic
disputes
Keti what happened in Kandahar was a sad
moment not only for the people of
Kandahar but for all of us the decision
to suspend the election was taken in
collaboration with different
institutions of the state have also
appointed a committee to investigate the
problems we face in Ghazni this election
was initially supposed to take place
three years ago but was delayed because
of a political impasse that has crippled
the country the international community
has been pushing for political reforms a
clamp down on corruption and
reconciliation
this is not like election in any country
it's a very special election for the
Afghan people so I I admire the courage
I admire the will to choose their own
future election officials are using
biometric voter verification devices for
the first time to prevent vote rigging
but technical glitches slowed down the
voting the election has been extended
for another day in some areas to allow
maximum participation this election is
only a first step in a long political
process it will be followed by
presidential elections in April that's
when the Afghan authorities will decide
on pursuing political talks with the
Taliban and forming a national unity
government and moved backed by the US
and others who insist there is no
military solution to the Afghan conflict
hashmap al jazeera Kabul
