in towns and cities across Syria forces
loyal to President Bashar al-assad have
long used a surrender or starve strategy
against civilians in rebel-held areas
Eastern Goethe is now under government
control but earlier this year 400,000
people were besieged there many starving
a similar military strategy is being
used in Yemen both Houthi fighters and
government forces backed by the Saudi
UAE coalition deliberately obstruct
deliveries of food hunger has become a
weapon of war and its use is more
prevalent now than at any time in the
last 20 years Save the Children has
looked at child hunger in the world's
ten worst conflicts it found that four
point five million children under five
will need treatment for malnutrition
this year but five hundred and ninety
thousand are likely to miss out on the
care they need and died of starvation
and disease that's an average of sixteen
hundred a day or one child a minute I
think what we've seen this time is a
buck in kind of a two decades trend
where global hunger has been decreasing
for the first time in that time period
it's now increasing and conflict is
behind that so yes it's always been
there but I think we're seeing a much
more acute pinch on children across
particularly of eastern countries in
some areas starvation is a military
strategy in others war disrupts food
production which in turn leads to hunger
in the Democratic Republic of Congo
years of fighting has displaced large
numbers of people from their homes aid
groups say 300,000 children are at risk
conflicts disrupt people's ability to
form to keep their livestock jobs
disappear
it can leads to economic collapse that
causes food prices to skyrocket so even
people who are miles and miles and miles
away from any act of fighting will find
that they are no longer able to afford
the simplest of meals fighting in just
10 countries is now responsible for
reversing a 20-year decline in global
hunga saved the children is calling for
governments around the world to protect
children and hold to account those
responsible for using food as a weapon
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
