Sweden wakes up to a confused political
picture none of the main parties or
blocks as a clear majority coalition
talks could take weeks and the Sweden
Democrats the far-right party much
talked about before is down in third
place but its achievements are very real
nonetheless pushing the national
discourse to the right
stripping support away from the main
parties enforcing Sweden to confront
important questions about immigration
integration and the kind of country it
wants to be Sweden has a trajectory a
historical past with open society open
to immigration open for other cultures
and the belief in that the openness is
the key to its success in terms of
economic development and being a dynamic
and creative do you think is still the
case I think that is still the case but
so-called socioeconomically challenged
areas like this not far from Stockholm
tell a different story the government
refers to them as segregated areas the
far right might call them ghettos it's
not the sort of thing one often
associates with the idea of Sweden this
may be a country that's taken in per
capita more asylum seekers and refugees
than any other but it's hardly a model
of integration I lean and Manila
community activists both Swedish born of
foreign descent the challenges that we
have society Sweden has
has been ongoing for a long time it's
not something that has been just like
popped out of nothing
we're tired of always explaining our
rights claim swimming our rights and
like never feeling 100% included in the
society it's not the same for us as like
if you like look Swedish or if you are
born in the right areas this election
demonstrates that immigration policy and
all that comes with it matters to a lot
of people not least those subject to it
perhaps now lifting the lid on these
things means that Sweden can begin
talking about them and dealing with them
Jonah hull al Jazeera shyster Stockholm
