fishing on the Mekong River has never
been an easy way to make a living but
here where the river flows between
Thailand and Laos fishermen say it's
almost not worth the effort these days
Quang Quang Ninh Bom yo in the past
there were plenty of fish here and they
were big I could catch more than 20
every day now I've been fishing here for
three days in a row and of Court nothing
many people in Chiang Khong northern
Thailand blame it on overfishing and
dams built on the upper reaches of the
Mekong River in China the Mekong is the
largest inland fishery in the world and
the people in this community want the
dam stopped
they've been protesting against lao
government plans to build a dam
downstream from here in pakbeng which
they say will impact the ability of fish
to migrate up and downstream over a can
chunk annum innum the dams that have
already been built have changed the
rivers vitality the currents have been
altered which is causing the ecosystem
to malfunction construction of two dams
on the main stream of the Lower Mekong
in Laos is well underway there are plans
for at least seven more including pak
beng the government wants to become the
battery of Southeast Asia by exporting
electricity from hydropower projects
mainly to Thailand much of the push to
develop hydropower projects in Laos is
driven by electricity demand in Thailand
under the original proposal around 90
percent of the electricity generated by
the PUC bang dam was to be exported to
Thailand but that's now in doubt after
the Thais decided to hold off signing an
agreement to purchase power from that
project the electricity generating
Authority of Thailand wouldn't grant al
Jazeera an interview but it seems it's
realized that it may have enough power
and won't need to buy more from Laos
critics say another reason to reassess
was July's partial collapse of a dam in
southern Laos which killed more than 30
people
I think dam business is quite nearly
loud so there's no standard guy
like safety procedure that in case of
octopus you know they're in the dam
break you know the warning system the
road access to roads to a problematic in
Laos the Lao government says harnessing
the energy of the Mekong is vital to its
plans for economic growth opponents
believe the cost to the environment and
livelihoods outweighs the benefits not
only for Laos but the whole region Wayne
hey al Jazeera Chiang Khong Thailand
