let's get more now on our top story this
news hour and the latest move by the
u.s. to pressure the Palestinians to
engage in peace negotiations with Israel
the latest development is that the PLO
diplomatic office in Washington DC will
be closed now the Palestinian leadership
stopped talking to the Trump
administration back in May when it moved
the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem that is the u.s. of course
Palestinians see occupied East Jerusalem
as a capital of their future state and
then Washington cut funding to the UN
agency supporting Palestinian refugees
onra provides health care education in
food to more than 5 million people also
in August u.s. axed 200 million dollars
in aid to Gaza and the West Bank and
then on Saturday the u.s. announced it
would freeze 25 million dollars in
funding for hospitals that mainly care
for Palestinian patients well very very
pleased to welcome who Samsung lot now
to the NewsHour he's the head of the
Palestine Liberation Organization
delegation to the US his life from
Ramallah in the occupied West Bank thank
you so much for being with us
Palestinian pressure in trying to bring
Israel to the International Criminal
Court is also believed to be the reason
for the closure of your mission in
Ramallah will this latest move by
Washington and the growing pressure from
the Americans on the ICC itself forced
you to reconsider your position of
course not
if we would reconsider our position none
of these acts and decisions you've just
mentioned the US administration would
have taken all this is a reflection of
our very firm position by the way this
reckless and dangerous decision to close
the Palestinian diplomatic mission is
very unsurprising to us we did expect it
simply because we were given a choice in
either we protect our relationship with
this administration or protect our
rights and defend our rights and we
definitely opted for the second the
relationship with this administration is
way less important for us than
protecting our rights standing for our
cause and our people refusing to
cooperate with all these attempts to
liquidate our issue and to redefine the
Palestinian cause and to challenge
international legitimacy international
consensus
as we just heard from mr. Bolten only a
few minutes ago when he said housing
units about the illegal colonial
settlements so this attempt
we will not of course cooperate with
that's why the US State Department and
White House statement said that we did
not cooperate yes we will not cooperate
and we chose we did choose Jerusalem and
our the rights of our refugees and our
right rights for independence over the
relationship with this administration I
want to talk to you about the
Palestinian moves at the ICC how
confident are you and our Palestinian
leaders about the court the ICC taking
on the israel-palestine issue when it's
under so much pressure itself it's been
threatened with sanctions by the Trump
administration can you go ahead with
this move to the ICC well I think we
Palestinians have passed the test of
being immune to the US administration
bully blackmail and pressure all through
the last year and that now it's up to
the international community to answer
your question our Dogo are they going to
stand up for their mandate for the
responsibility to bring accountability
to states that commit war crimes and
crimes against humanity as Israel does
on a daily basis here in the occupied
Palestinian territories and against the
Palestinian people so frankly the test
is for the international system for the
International legality and for our
common sense and therefore we have done
our share our responsibility of
referring Israel officially to the ICC
but the the map is very clear for us
this onslaught against us is also an
onslaught against the international
community and international system and
we found our we find ourself having to
actually protect both our rights and the
internationals mrs. Vimala
can I ask you you know the wife you've
mentioned they've been funding cuts to
the Palestinian Authority cuts to
Palestinian hospitals in occupied East
Jerusalem and cuts to the UN
organization that aids Palestinian
refugees this is going to lead to more
poverty for Palestinians also more anger
and not just directed towards Israel and
the US but also towards the Palestinian
more and more Palestinians that we speak
to say they've lost faith in their
leadership is it worth going through
this process at the ICC which is going
to make life even more unbearable for
many Palestinians because there will be
consequences as you know you know our
mission in DC or our use of the ICC or
all that are just tools there means the
goal is our liberation is the end of
this illegal occupation is building our
own state is having our own destiny and
we don't lose sight who is the enemy
here and therefore our economic
situation and the humanitarian situation
is not bad because we lack resources we
have one of the most rich resources
historic resources or lacking of human
capital we have one of the most
sophisticated educated population and
nation our situation is political and
therefore yes we are going to the ICC
comes before this financial blackmail we
are not a nation of beggar's my friend
we are a nation of freedom fighters and
we are a nation that demand righteous
rights and legitimate rights and
therefore yes the ICC is important and
crucial and we will not allow this
mindset and logic in the White House
that we should accept handouts and
leftovers to persuade us from going to
the ICC and from contain continuing our
struggle to end this occupation and to
and all the legalities and the denial of
our basic human and national rights
allow me one last question mrs. on that
if I can there's been a lot of talk
about an impending peace plan by the
Americans the so-called deal of the
century what would it take to get the
palestinians on board well we have not
received anything like a peace plan or
ideas nothing all what we have been
receiving over the last so many months
are actions steps decisions that are all
identical with an israeli wish list that
was submitted by the israeli government
to the american administration that wish
list is primarily to liquidate the
palestinian issue redefine the framework
for the Palestinian rights as has been
known internationally for decades and
actually undermine any possibility for a
future peace
this administration is not about peace
it's about coercion it's about blackmail
and bully and therefore what piece are
they talking about the US has absolutely
this administration has lost its status
as a peacemaker and that's why we will
do the following number number one we
will continue our efforts to bring about
a multilateral forum to end this
conflict so the world has to fought its
responsibility and fill this deafening
vacuum by the US administration number
two our issue is not with the American
people not with the u.s. our issue is
with Trump and his team and therefore we
will double our efforts to outreach and
engage the American people especially in
light of what we see of transformational
change in the u.s. and the awareness of
the American public about the
Palestinian rights and the violations of
the State of Israel as an occupying
power thirdly the panic in Israel about
the ICC and the pressuring of Israel of
the US administration to aggressively
attack the ICC only indicate for us that
we are on the right track and yes
the ICC is ineffective and it is up to
the ICC and the international system to
give the Palestinians what they deserve
it is our right and responsibility to
use these international organs and we
promise you we will use them at fault
thank you for taking the time to speak
to us Hassan's omelet is the head of the
Palestine Liberation Organization
delegation to the US he was joining us
from Ramallah in the occupied West Bank
thank you for your time
