after days of calling the allegations
baseless lies Saudi Arabia has admitted
to the world the Jamarcus shaji was
killed inside its consulate in Istanbul
it says cushaw she died as a result of a
brawl that broke out with officials who
had flown to help him return to Saudi
Arabia Riyadh's admission is a sharp
turn for the kingdom which has always
insisted that kosher she had left the
building 20 minutes after he had entered
few are buying the latest Saudi
narrative we know the facts now the
Turks have dribbled to drip them out for
the last couple of weeks this is now
about a political battle rather than a
quest for the truth because again I
think we know what the truth is
I think Turkey is going to fight to keep
these facts coming out so that the story
doesn't die I think the Turkish
government is infuriated that it was so
disrespected to have this sort of action
happen on its on its own soil
governments around the world are not
satisfied with Saudi Arabia's
explanation talking about Saudi Arabia
those terrible events which still
haven't been cleared up yet and maybe of
course demand an explanation and close
ally Britain says it's considering what
next steps to take the president of the
European Parliament is called for an
urgent investigation to clarify the
circumstances surrounding Cassidy's
death dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte
has echoed those sentiments saying many
questions are still unanswered those
questions center around evidence the
Turkish government has leaked so far the
15 men that includes several of Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman a personal
detail members of Saudi Arabia's special
forces unit and one of the kingdom's
senior autopsy experts the turkey says
flew to Istanbul on October the second
when kesaji disappeared
CCTV footage clearly shows mayhem o trip
the man who it's reported led the
operation to kill Kishori entering the
consulate on that day a couple of hours
before the Saudi journalists went inside
Waltrip was filmed leaving the country
with other members of the team later in
the day
friends and colleagues of the murdered
journalists on Saturday gathered outside
the consulate denouncing the Saudi
narrative as lies and demanding justice
for kosher G Jamar teaching today we are
calling the whole world and duty we want
justice for tomorrow we want to mass
murderers to be punished however we want
punishments not only for the 18 men but
also for the authority that gave the
orders on Saturday more footage was
leaked this time of the Saudi journalist
with his fiancee entering their new
apartment in Istanbul which they had
bought just weeks before he disappeared
in other leaks Turkish officials also
claimed that kosher she was never
interrogated that he was beaten and
killed within minutes by a group that
was flown in specifically for that
purpose it seems that turkey believes
this was a premeditated operation to
kill him Saudi Arabia's story of how
kosher she died was followed by royal
decrees that saw some intelligence
officials and an advisor to the Crown
Prince relieved of their posts but in an
absolute monarchy many wonder how such
an operation could have taken place
without the direct order or at least
consent and knowledge of de facto ruler
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman the
Saudis have released their version of
what they say happened in this building
but it's a narrative that very few
people or indeed world leaders believe
turkey says Saudi Arabia had no choice
but to admit the kesaji died in the
consulate because of evidence that
turkey says it has obtained Ankara says
it will not allow a Saudi Arabian
cover-up and the investigation continues
the question is what more evidence the
Turkish investigators have chants
trafford al Jazeera Istanbul
