I am family okay and you're in the
stream today where take a look at the
mothers of rinkeby last night in Sweden
it's a new out of their documentary
about a group of women improving their
neighborhood while battling against
corrosive stereotypes
I'm Malika Vila will speak to the
producer of the film and discuss whether
Sweden's reputation for tolerance and
community harmony is under threat send
us your comments via Twitter and the
YouTube live chat Sweden is facing a
period of political limbo after the
far-right Sweden Democrats recorded its
best of a general election result to
finish third overall their performance
is troubling for the country's center
left and center-right parliamentary
bloc's neither of which won a majority
in the national legislature the strong
showing by the Sweden Democrats is also
unsettling news for those who have
settled in Sweden after fleeing war and
violence many immigrants live in rinkeby
a suburb of the capital Stockholm the
area has long been called a crime ridden
no-go zone by far-right politicians and
some media outlets but too many
including one group of Somalis Swedish
women it is simply home and they are
working around the clock to improve it
from within as shown in the mothers of
rinkeby last night and Sweden have a
look
some of the dead we saw your emissary of
kini Penang Schuster again I'm so bad
I'm not gonna do little by the police
buddy
- addendum or sock and room are more
important for adultery in this area
well it's like him where did he learn
them can you get desire for more on the
documentary and the social climate in
Sweden we are joined from Stockholm by
fat man Abe she produced the mothers of
rinkeby and is a Peabody Award winner
also in Stockholm we have hadeel
muhammad she has a visual artist whose
work focuses on issues of identity and
nationhood Alexandra Paschal II do is a
journalist and human rights activists
she immigrated with her family to Sweden
as a young girl and settled in rinkeby
she joins us from Stockholm and
completing our lineup from the Swedish
capital Rashida masseur he is a teacher
and community activist whose help was
key to the production of Muhammad the
mothers of rinkeby hello everybody it's
really good to have you here what a
vision of Sweden you present so Fatma
this idea this going into a community
telling their story allowing them to
tell a story but never would it be
labeled a no-go zone what made you want
to do that having me
this film is what we see this called
this is Europe that part of the English
is currently running and they wanted to
do something from Sweden a specifically
from really big and it was they told me
that was a little bit difficult to find
in their film it's a make a film from
that because they were told that it's
difficult to film in rinkeby
and then I said it's possible as long as
you have the right team and rinkeby is
anything but a no-go zone it's wrong
place for the hard-working people and
even from different cultures and it's
it's a place that people that live I
call home and after spending time there
I can actually I can feel that it is
home and I find myself going back there
more and more now because there because
of that and we managed to capture that
in in the film and it was important to
ensure that rinkeby gets a fair
representation because in the media of
the presentation whenever you talk about
Twinkie be and if you just move them
when I was doing my own research
and ODC is writing burning cars and not
a single positive story or any any
simple story back to place so it was
important to go in that and actually
give the people and the place a fair
presentation and a chance to show the
outside world that what you see in the
media isn't necessarily the full truth
thoughts might want to back up what
you're saying with a comment from the
film's director who sent us a video
comment and this is what happened
Abdullah he had to say about why he made
the film what I'm hoping for when people
see this film it's that they see it
could be a place that is yeah bad things
happened there but good people live
there and now he's not in the way the
Western media portrayed us as uh as I
said just as a ghetto which is which is
it is not and it's far from it so I hope
this film gives a little bit more
balance so Alexandre he talks about
balance there before you dive in on that
I wanted to read this tweet from Aafrin
no sir she says I heard that rinky B's
locals allowed fatima nyam and her team
to film there only because the team
wasn't from Sweden's public service TV
ring fees locals think SVT is biased
against them can you please discuss why
they feel that way and why the media is
just like by ring fears I wonder not
specifically looking at one channel in
particular but why is there this feeling
of distrust coming from someone I'd like
the answer from someone who's not only
from there but also is a journalist can
you help us understand for our
international audience okay this
distressed has been growing since I was
a kid and I grew up eating to be because
media came out there and they
interviewed us and they studied us and
they filmed us like if we were like you
know animals in a zoo is so exotic and
they asked us very very strange
questions I have
say and then when we saw the result it
was we were so sad because they always
portrayed us as the others
the the strangers the the you know the
the immigrants and it was it was like
very very heartbreaking to grow up in a
place in a small suburb that you really
really loved and you had all your
friends and everybody and then when you
watch TV you will portray like it was
like a big and terrible and terrifying
ghetto or something
so this distrust is nothing new I think
that people worldwide right now watching
this show in Chicago in in laurel and
becker braden in belgium in paris with
different suburbs around the world that
are segregated there are poor there are
places where migrants in refugees live I
think everybody recognizes what happens
when when journalists when media and
come and portray us because we are
always the others and one of the main
problems is of course I mean since back
in the days when I was a kid the lack of
diversity in media there are almost no
migrants in media there are no migrant
voices no minority voices there are no
black people people of color and no
working-class kids working there so it's
also a matter of class ethnicity and you
know all these factors so we grew up and
the distrusting media and suddenly one
day I heard don't hate media become
media and that was the day when me and
some friends of mine decided to start
you know debating and start doing things
but that was before we had YouTube and
before we had like yeah the nudes back
it back in the day Alexandre we won't
ask you how old you are so a deal there
is something about this documentary
which really stands out and it's just
the story of these mums who have day
jobs they have things to do who then in
the evening patrol the streets of their
name
hurt it's remarkable when you first saw
it what did you make what did you make
of that well I had the luxury of seeing
it when it premiered in Stockholm and I
have the luxury of watching the director
and fast my talk about it and talk about
how the making of the movie made them
have to challenge their own prejudice
about how certain stories are told but
my first reaction was of course
recognition I saw so much of my mom in
these moms and I saw so much of myself
in these stories that are never told and
the fact that we are never really truly
represented and I think latching on to
what Alexandra said about the media the
fact that we we don't trust the media in
that sense is that our story is never
really told in a fair manner we never
really get to dictate the conversation
in which we are talked about and this is
a huge part of why it's hard to trust
outside media when it comes to something
that's so close to your heart now I'm
not I haven't grown up in Stockholm so I
haven't grown up everything could be but
I grew up about three hours away from
stockholm in a really small town and we
heard stories about thinking we heard
stories about no-go zones what we saw
really ideal what were the stories that
you heard we heard that it was messy and
that they had like drug issues and gang
violence and that there are only black
people there and they has taken over and
which we did yes we did I mean the
criminality and criminality it's always
I mean a bigger problem among poor
people that have no other possibilities
or no chorus you know but the problem is
every time that media came to rinkeby
they only interviewed criminal guns they
never ever that's why I really want to
congratulate and thank you for this
documentary
Fatma who did it because I'm so happy in
this feminist country in this paradise
of equality we never ever hear the
voices of my
women and Sherman cover exactly all
right so let me do that Rashid I'm gonna
play this little cliff I'd love to hear
what you think about this this is a
little clip of the mothers on patrol and
so remember this is a no-go zone it is
in the evening I want you to look beyond
the mums in their bright orange jackets
and see that fight that they break up
oh that's mum power your mum going in
and breaking your up how embarrassing is
that this is this is the reality of
rinkeby Rashid so we've gone from the
stereotype and it's drug zone and it's
really scary to the reality of it you
live the next neighborhood along so you
know what it's like
what is the story that's not getting out
about this area in Sweden well is a lot
of stories actually and you know the
mothers are the backbone of the
community and so a bad story never gets
out you also distort the strong civil
society in rinkeby
you have a lot of and NGOs that are
engaged in in social issue social issues
and so there's a lot of story there are
a lot of football clubs in rinkeby
there are a lot of poetry clubs in
rinkeby and there are a lot of extra
activities that are that are arranged by
the by the community itself and it's not
backed by the government or funded by
and authorities and or getting economic
resources from someone else is
a vibrant community that is much alive
and kicking
so in seeing that clipper community
online had thoughts this is Andy who
writes on Twitter I love that they're
doing something instead of waiting for
the government but should they be this
is brought up in this street from
Vanessa burr he who says at one point in
the film one of the super moms tells us
about a joke she makes with the police
that she does their job for them is this
really a joke how severely has Swedish
authorities failed young people of color
in Sweden fought some I'll give that to
you it was passed off as a joke but our
community seems to be asking does the
burden fall on these moms the blame
always put on the parents and they say
that they don't do anything at that
their problem and look at how the kids
up in evening but I do believe that you
have to also look at the background and
look at the bigger picture there is
there's no denying that there are
institutional racism and there is a lack
of opportunities for children that are
of migrant background and just now with
the climate of the election during the
last debate when you have one of the the
leader of the second large party in the
country referring to kids that are born
in Sweden they call them Sweden born
migrant kids it makes you think how do
these kids feel when when are we ever
going to be in fact to a sweet and when
are we ever going to be seeing as part
of the country at the community they're
always they're always giving us
labels and no matter what we do when we
when we when we work we take their jobs
and when we don't we don't want to work
so it's built like you never win and you
can just imagine four and the children
growing up in this country who are faced
with the first risen and oh they are the
difficulty that come with it and the
police not understanding how to that
like the best efforts because give
report this all of this can easily be
backed up by facts and I did reach out
write an article about it the
restoration profiling and
the one report that was that came out a
few last year and it talks about how
kids are randomly searched randomly
stopped and treated badly so the way if
things are going to change there has to
be a change and the muscles there are
offering solutions and the way they're
approached it is working it's not the
full solution because it's not you have
to work with the police because it's
it's a sink so you have to work with the
police and I do believe in their model
they're offering insufficient you have
to change your approach you have to
actually engage with the people from
that kid in the community you have to
talk to them not talk about them and
talk around them and talk you have to
talk to them and engage with them and
there's a song you can you can see it's
a case and can I just add and I know
it's away from the point that we were
able to make this film and for it to
come out the way it is because the Sheik
Rashid new sound trust is trusted by the
people in the in the community it was
very important for us because exactly
like Alexandra and Hadid said and people
don't trust the media because of they've
been burned several times before the
misrepresentation in the media have led
people to mistrust and I want to also
album tweet and they did it's not like
they had the authority to allow them not
allow it because that also plays into
this idea of like they the case in
police and by the people and they let us
in or nothing no we were allowed to walk
whatever we wanted
but getting access to the people and
having that trust we needed we needed to
it took time for us to gain that trust
that was important to have someone like
if she knows that poking him of that
access and also the story can I also
join in on the tweet or do you want to
go first and then Alex on you go second
his earlier fest okay well the the the
joke that they're doing the police that
are doing the police job that's not
uncommon for people people of color in
Sweden we have been having to create our
own spaces and creator-owned
opportunities and create our own safety
for years we've never been included in
in spaces where our stories are being
told in a fair manner that's never been
a thing so it's not just the fact that
they are out there taking responsibility
for their community and that's the part
that they're doing instead of the police
officers or the authorities but in every
situation in every context we always
have to create our own way in our own
opportunity we're just not included in a
way that is fair Alexandra I mean I'm
thinking about the gender issue here
that you have this is really a male
problem I mean you have the police it's
I mean they don't have it somehow they
they are not able to get the the trust
that they need for so many reasons also
a reason is because they also lack
diversity in the police force but then
you have the mothers and I've
interviewed so many mothers around the
country in so many different no-go zones
in like 20 no-go zones as they called
Alexandra let me just pick you up you
said no-go zones why would you say that
when you live in Ricker be okay listen
no I use the expression because they use
it so everybody here understands what it
is I don't you only think change starts
with changing the language yeah but we
have to know exactly we can't accept
that language but I'm saying I'm using
that expression right now so you
understand what we're talking about so
when they talk about these no-go zones
we see that the mothers in different
places in different suburbs poorer
summers the most vulnerable summers and
that's what I call them at least we see
that the mothers are the ones that can
that can help that and that can
contribute but it I mean the interesting
thing here is that all the mothers are
met in group Salah in ruse and gone all
the mothers of patrol they do it for
free so I wonder maybe it's time for the
police for their for the government for
the institution to hire this we know
these mothers to give them job because
many of them are unemployed
and why should they you know work for
free around the country to help the
police what the police cannot do so I
think that's also I know Alexandra the
questions you're asking I think are
what's represented in this tweet from
Vanessa who has prays for both you and
Fox mushy says bottom as doc and
Alexandra's book are groundbreaking and
I think it is very telling of sweden's
power balance in media environment that
it took two women with immigrant
backgrounds to highlight this vital
aspect of the issue but she also has a
question that I'm gonna direct to you
rashid vanessa asks in terms of
questions i'm interested to hear the
panelists suggestions for solutions we
can't depend on volunteers to solve
these pressing issues what are some of
the things that the state can do in the
coming year or two to decrease violence
and crime in these areas and rashidun
your answer of course keep in mind the
elections that just happened and well
the the government and the authorities
are actually responsible for the
situation we live in and the conditions
that people live in today and the
solution aren't any rocket science I
mean like the educational system needs
to be funded well so that our kids can
get a good education and they should
prevent institutional racism in the job
market
and they should fix up the apartments
that many of these young people live in
and the condition of the the condition
of the apartments are very bad and also
bad for their health and they should
arrange and extra activities for young
people who are interested in art and
athlete or any kind of activities that
they want to and and instead of doing
all the things that we we are actually
seeing they're cutting on the welfare
and you know in increasing the tax and
so that the wealthy people can actually
pay for their and welfare while the poor
people aren't being and supported in the
system so the solutions are not any kind
of rocket science education you could
actually do a lot of things and but
there need to be a political
will and and and to make those changes
we need to also organize within those
four areas in rinkeby in other places in
Sweden to get together and demand our
politicians to actually make some
changes because I think changes comes
from within the people and not from the
top
I'm Rashida I have to say this is not
just about Somali mums on patrol there
are so many groups in neighborhoods not
just in rinkeby but others who are
actually saying we are going to police
ourselves and make sure that our young
people and we are safe let me leave you
with one more clip and this comes from
the documentary and this is the
president of the mothers night Patrol
listen to how she sums up the effort
that she has to put in to make sure her
neighborhood is safe take a look
remember at Rome rinkeby
of residence on board her own brother of
me remember a trombone domineering
Avedon brat Romina born so remaining
upon the school borrowed a dismay will
forks Kavita convalesce anime in a new
tab Street I'm a chemist opener okay
Debora
Fatma we know what that means in TV when
you just leave it you just leave that
moment because you you don't want to cut
away from the emotion because this is
why the way that you told the story the
way the director told the story is so
very important let me show you where you
can see this story the mothers of
rinkeby last night in Sweden you can
find it at aljazeera.com programmes this
is Europe and click on that also it's on
YouTube as well and you can watch the
whole documentary it's 24 minutes long
25 minutes long so it gives you some
real insight in the kind of insight that
you don't always get from neighborhoods
in Sweden
thank you guests for joining us Malika
where'd you want to leave us I will end
with this reflection from Twitter I just
want to say thank you this person writes
for changing the stereotypical narrative
of violence uneducated in immoral
communities of color we people of color
in America deal with the same
criminalization and ghettoization of as
our migrant brothers and sisters so
continue to speak truth to power
Fatma Alexandra had deal Rashid thank
you for being here on the stream we
really appreciate your time a
conversation always continues online you
can go to us on Twitter and join our
conversation there a Twitter handle is
at AJ stream Malik and I will see you
next time take care
