hello I'm Adrienne Finnegan this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week austerity in
Argentina but will harsh medicine fix
the economy and what about the fallout
for emerging markets also this week the
good the bad the ugly the corporate
worlds impact on society and the
environment how cool investing is making
its presence felt plus some consumers
have been setting fire to their Nike
trainers that's all because of a new ad
campaign will tell you more Argentina's
economic emergency it's now the world's
riskiest sovereign borrower behind
Venezuela its currency that peso has
halved in value this year versus the
dollar the country already has the
highest interest rates in the world and
its own financial life support the
president is cutting government spending
and the IMF is trying to accelerate a
record 50 billion dollar loan but will
these extraordinary measures work al
Jazeera star Isabelle reports now from
Buenos Aires on how the economic crisis
is affecting the most vulnerable over
300 people come to get a hot meal every
day to this soup kitchen in Buenos Aires
the economic crisis is making life
difficult for people like Cynthia Falco
who has five children and can barely
make enough to survive it's difficult
for me to say it but the situation is
horrible we cannot afford to buy food
I'm worried about my children because if
they don't eat well they get sick
Bill Maher Cunha is in charge of the
place and says there is a waiting list
with hundreds of people who are waiting
to be able to eat here the situation is
difficult because we are getting help
from the government but it's not enough
if we don't get any more food we can't
take in any more people it's difficult
because people are hungry and they need
us
the peso has evaluated 100% in the past
year and that has had huge consequences
in the poor neighborhoods of when Osiris
the impact of the devaluation of the
peso on food prices it's something that
worries those who are trying to help
those in need this year the prices of
food have already increased around 30
percent something that makes it
difficult for people living here to buy
some basic food items like bread pasta
and meat a few days ago there was an
attempt to loot a supermarket in the
neighborhood similar situations happened
in other parts of Argentina we were
working and heard screaming these young
kids between 15 and 20 they tried to
enter the market and loot it's an
example of how sensitive the situation
is and it seems that the crisis on TV
every day is adding to the difficulties
we already face we are all suffering but
some groups feel that they have the
right to go out and loot the government
of Mauricio Macri is struggling to
prevent an economic collapse and has
announced austerity measures to reduce
the fiscal deficit Macri had
acknowledged poverty rates are on the
rise and announced he will give extra
cash handouts for the poor also says
much more needs to be done stopping
inflation is crucial right now but
that's not going to solve everything
there has to be an increase in local
production to generate jobs and for that
we need to see a creation of state
policies and a government that has the
clarity and humility to call on all
sectors to cooperate the possibility of
further rises in household basics have
many in Argentina fearing for the future
in the meantime there are those who are
suffering the consequences of the crisis
right now well joining us now from
Lisbon in Portugal via Skype is Richard
Seager Richard's senior emerging markets
analyst with Manulife Asset Management
Richard welcome back to to counting the
cost whatever Mauricio Macri seems to do
to try to prop up the peso
it doesn't work why is that and is this
beyond him there are three or four
reasons I would say
that it's stabilized for now the peso
and around 40 to the dollar but it is
very fragile
among these factors are forthcoming
elections the very uncertain
international environment including Fed
policy and future the Brazilian
elections in a few months but also just
the general unease in Argentina about
returning to the IMF in the LA
possibility of capital flight 10 10
years on Richard from the financial
crisis
I mean Argentina's not the only emerging
market to be in trouble Turkey is a
problem - what's the danger here are we
likely to see a contagion do you think
the province in these two countries are
feeding off themselves weakness in
Argentina leads to additional weakness
in Turkey and back and forth and this
leads a lot of investors in the local
markets to bail out because they don't
want to take the chance
in addition they can only incur more
risk especially as these two countries
have lower weightings for the time being
the contagion in the local markets has
an impact on those investors but not so
much on the real economies because
countries such as India Brazil and
Indonesia do have a lot of buffers
unlike Turkey and Argentina but the big
risk that we see moving forward is
really the Brazilian elections because
the two major candidates are an unknown
for the markets how exposed is the
international investment community to
Argentina's economy and Argentina has
already defaulted on its debt before
could it happen again
it certainly could because our tantino
was frozen out of the markets for so
long it's waiting is still relatively
low and therefore the impact is more
going to be on investors locally but
also foreign direct investors the
chances of a default near-term low
because they do have
good relations with the IMF but I think
what needs to happen for the time being
is that there needs to be a greater
burden sharing it had up to now mostly
been on foreign investors and local
taxpayers it needs to be more on the
corporate sector which had been
receiving a lot of subsidies
particularly for example to invest in
energy and electricity where they hadn't
been any investment for 10 or 12 years
but also the foreign direct investment
investors who are going to have to bear
some of the additional losses but that
50 billion dollar IMF loan is that going
to be enough to fix Argentina's economy
it will be but looking back to previous
balance of payments crises of this
nature whether it's Russia Mexico 20
more years ago Indonesia and the like
the important thing is that the measures
need to be taken up front but you won't
know whether they will be successful for
six or 12 months and there will always
be aftershocks the main thing to do is
just to maintain confidence stick with
the program because if it is the right
program and chances are that in
Argentina they are moving in the right
direction but be patient and not expect
any overnight successes Richard really
good to talk to you on counting the cost
as always many thanks indeed for being
with us thank you
well Argentina's sinking economy and
currency crash is starting to have a
negative impact on one of Latin
America's most stable economies
neighboring Chile has seen its pesos
slump in what's being called the tango
effect our Latin America editor
Lucia Newman reports Santiago's
costanera Center is one of Latin
America's largest and most modern
shopping malls until recently it was
full of Argentines conspicuous because
they'd come with suitcases to shop til
they dropped now they're still
conspicuous by their absence
I've convene a para nosotros a argentina
represents 52% of our tourism maybe
we've been too dependent on
because when they fall into their
periodic economic crisis the impact here
is very strong the fallout from
Argentina's currency crash has already
reached Chile arguably Latin America's
most stable economy
Carlos Vasquez is a chauffeur at a
five-star hotel for us the drop in
tourism will be terrible especially now
that the summer is coming
we Cowen Argentines to give us work and
the so called tango effect goes further
ill-effect electoral and there is a
direct impact on a large number of
Chilean companies who've invested
significantly in Argentina their stocks
have dropped and so will their profits
it also affects trade because now it has
become more difficult to export to
Argentina while the overall impact may
not be devastating it comes at a very
bad time Chile's currency has dropped to
a two-year low because of the
international trade conflict and that's
sharply pushed down the price of copper
Chile's primary export unlike Argentina
the economy here is solid and much
better placed to ride out adverse
international conditions but in these
times of global interlinked economies
when a neighbor like Argentina gets
pneumonia Chile at the very least
catches a bad cold still to come on
counting the cost Netflix is showing six
films at this year's Venice Film
Festival but not everyone's happy about
it
but first some of the stories catching
our eye this week Amazon stock market
valuation hit the trillion dollar mark
giving it entry to a club with only one
other member Apple shares in the online
retailer are trading at around two
hundred and seven times current earnings
that means that shareholders believe it
will stay profitable in the future CEO
Jeff Bezos is now the richest person in
modern times if you account for
inflation but the company he founded is
being criticized by US politician Bernie
Sanders the sellers are claims that
Amazon doesn't pay its lower-level
employees a fair wage something that
Amazon says is misleading worries are
growing about week money laundering
controls across the European Union a
small regional branch of Danske Bank
Denmark's biggest lender has been
setting off alarm bells as much as
thirty billion dollars from Russia and
other former Soviet countries flowed
through the branch in a single year
according to a report the branch in
question was located in Estonia and the
term pre-crime was famously invented by
a science fiction writer philip k dick
but it's a concept that's coming closer
to reality Japan wants to test how
efficient technology like artificial
intelligence is at predicting the
likelihood of future crimes including
economic ones its National Police Agency
is set to request a million dollars for
a pre-crime experiment in its budget for
now some consumers set fire to their
Nike trainers this week and it's all
because of a new ad campaign
al-jazeera's kristen salumi reports from
new york believe in something even if it
means sacrificing everything
Nikes new just do it ad campaign is
proving as controversial as one of the
stars chosen to deliver it former
National Football League quarterback
Colin Kaepernick he hasn't played
football since repeatedly refusing to
stand for the national anthem before
games during the 2016 season
prompting other players to follow suit
not only am i burning my favorite pair
of Nikes you are burning your sales ad
like the protests have provoked anger
among some NFL fans and President Donald
Trump they consider it disrespectful to
the American flag and the military some
have called for a boycott of nike
products nike enough they make Colin but
supporters say it's meant to call
attention to racial and Justices and as
a respectful expression of free speech
Nike which has a contract with the NFL
to supply uniforms and sideline clothing
appears to be taking their side also
announcing a new catalog of Kaepernick
shoes and t-shirts sports branding
experts say it's a calculated business
decision to my take they're gonna be a
rallying cry for those people to come
and support Nike for it it's done
because it's bold its brave it has risks
we want that from brands we expect that
from brands and Nikes the kind of brand
where you demand it to be on the edge
all the time a former quarterback says
team owners have colluded to keep him
off the football field and if our
ratings have been in decline though the
reason is open to debate the NFL has
struggled to come up with a policy
regarding conduct during the national
anthem that satisfies both players and
critics such as the president and with
the opening game of the season scheduled
for Thursday fans are just as likely to
be focused on the sidelines as they are
on what's happening on the field
well back in 1991 Nike was under
pressure from activists to change the
terrible conditions in its factories in
Indonesia it was forced to make changes
all
customers and investors and consumers
are increasingly searching for ways to
find out just how ethical brands really
are ethical watchdogs say that companies
from big tech to Big Oil need to
drastically improve transparency on
their environmental and social impact as
awareness about these issues grows so
too is interested something called
ethical investing what ethical investing
is no longer just about avoiding the
so-called sin stocks gambling alcohol
and guns monitoring the social
environmental and governments of
companies is a growing trend but Kinsey
is estimated that a quarter of the
eighty eight trillion dollars of assets
under management globally is now
invested in these kinds of assets Norway
has the biggest sovereign wealth fund in
the world and it's signed up but does
doing good in your investment portfolio
improve your bank balance we don't know
yet as there isn't enough information
and all investments have risks but
increasingly activist investors are
putting pressure on companies to adopt
ESG practices in order to improve long
term performance and company culture at
a future generation of investors is
paying attention Triodos Bank says that
nearly half of 18 to 34 year olds in the
UK plan to invest in a socially
responsible investment fund joining us
now from London Patrick Connelly Patrick
is a chartered financial planner with
Chase Tevere an independent financial
advice company good to have you with us
sir Patrick first of all what exactly do
we mean by ethical or responsible
investment that's that's a really good
question
an ethical investing is on a journey the
first ethical fund was launched by
Friends Provident in 1984 at the time it
was probably unfairly dubbed the Brazil
fund because the argument was that you'd
have to be nuts to want to invest into
it traditional ethical investing is
about excluding sectors which which are
deemed to do harm so sectors such as
weapons manufacturing alcohol gambling
tobacco the idea being that if you
invested in those you're missing out on
some high
growth areas and if you're missing out
high growth areas then it's probably not
a very good investment proposition now
what's happened in recent times is the
concept of ethical investing has changed
and is largely being replaced by
something called ESG now ESG stands for
environmental social and governance and
what companies do is look to invest in
firms that make a positive contribution
to the environment to society and have
strong governance measures things like
diversification and equality so we're on
a journey now from excluding sectors we
don't like to investing in companies
that we do like and who are adopting the
right approaches which which is seem to
be a more positive a positive approach
now back in the in the 1980s of course
greed was good is that still the case
here in in 2018 or have investors
developed a conscience can they can they
actually make money out of ESG
investments and that is a key question
because traditionally ethical
investments were deemed to be a
compromise between your principles on
one side and the profits you want to
make on the other that again has changed
and the argument with the SG is that if
you're investing in companies that are
adopting the right practices then in the
longer term they will be the more
successful companies the proof of the
pudding is at Yesi we don't yet know how
that plays itself out but people can now
invest in these companies in it and in
these funds without the starting point
that actually they're probably going to
lose out by doing so so so Vivi and the
answer is yes hope hopefully there is
more scope one to invest with your
principles but also to to invest in a
profitable way and do we know who is
investing in these ESG funds and
companies is it just Millennials or or
are in older investors getting on board
too Millennials seem to be the main area
where there is interest in this sector
it does seem that the youth of the day
perhaps are more conscious about a lot
of issues that than people who were
older unfortunately it's older people
that tend to have more money so is older
people who have more influence in terms
of inflows we do see Sir
and sectors of society in terms of older
people who are investing more for
example the company I work for run a
service for the medical profession and
we get lots of doctors who are
interested in investing eclis now that
may well be because of the old true
istic nature of what they do the harm
that they see that gambling or tobacco
or alcohol dozens and so a lot of
doctors for example do invest ethically
that's not really as yet transmitting
itself through older investors and so
while there is more interest in ethical
investing the Millennials as they build
wealth going forwards you would hope and
expect to see that actually translated
into more money being invested what
about corporate culture itself it is is
that changing due to the fact that
people are now essentially talking with
their money and holding companies to
account they want to be able to trust
the companies that they're investing in
yeah it's not changing yet or at least
not to any great degree it's gradually
changing what we are seeing is
investment companies being more activist
they're going out there and demanding
the companies act in the right way we
see that a lot in the news with things
like um executive pay and and bonuses
and the like where shareholders now are
standing up and objecting to that that
is a trend that should continue it's a
trend it looks very likely to continue
for two reasons one as you alluded to as
more money goes into these funds as
Millennials gain more wealth then
shareholders and group shareholders will
have more influence also number two is
with traditional ethical investments
people have accent had to make an active
decision to invest in them they've had
to decide I want to invest ethically
whereas would the SG firms are now
starting to adopt ESG in their general
investment process and so investors can
be investing in the SG perhaps without
realizing it but what that means is
there's more money behind that approach
and more influence that these companies
will have when they're dealing with with
the companies they're investing into so
how important is it Patrick for
investors to understand that the
different nuances of the funds that
they're investing in do we really know
what we're buying with with ESG assets
we really don't with regard to ethical
investments it was pretty
Claire you knew you were avoiding
weapons manufacturers of alcohol and
tobacco in gambling and all these things
ESG is far more subjective different
companies are adopting entirely
different approaches to editor and also
in terms of the strictness as well so
it's all well and good for investment
firms to say yes we take account of ESG
in our investment process but do they
take account of it and use it or do they
take account of it and ignore it and the
only way that you can be sure that is
either one by doing your research or two
by using an investment professional
who'll do that research for you but at
the moment it's gray at the moment is
subjective at the moment it's quite new
and and so we need to see more
developments in that area
fascinating Patrick many thanks indeed
for being with us on counting the cost
no problem at all and finally this week
internet movie maker Netflix made its
presence felt on the red carpet at this
year's Venice Film Festival but allowing
streaming services into the competition
is not something that everyone's happy
about nadine barber reports from venice
venice a city known for its unchanging
beauty but over at the international
film festival though moving boldly into
the future well that's what the
organizers say anyhow they put on a
record six films backed by the online
platform Netflix
including the latest Coen Brothers film
Alessio chroma Nene's crime drama on my
skin based on a real-life case of a
death in police custody it will be
released on the same day on Netflix and
in Italian movie theaters
but for most of the Netflix films
including this newly finished final film
from the late Orson Welles it's not
clear how widely they'll be screened and
for how long and that's worrying some in
the industry who are involved in
nurturing new talent it's about the
business model and if Netflix keeps
going keeps going where's the place for
everybody else in the room you know
cinematic process has a lot of integrity
in the way that it develops and includes
and ultimately in that experience is for
everyone to be in a cinema this week the
International Confederation of art
cinemas urged Venice to reserved
competition slots for quote works of art
that will be seen in cinemas
internationally but for this Venice
veteran it's time for change I approve
of Netflix I approve of Amazon I approve
of anybody who's prepared to give money
to people who make films who would
otherwise not get the money so I don't
think it'll make any difference at all
to the type of films being made because
Netflix will keep on saying you can make
the film as you want here at Venice's
industry section business is brisk as
people look for a deal to support their
films of their ideas more and more of
those deals are being struck with online
platforms like Netflix and Amazon which
means more films that the public can
choose to see either at the cinema or on
devices like their smartphones but the
man heading this part of the festival
rejects worries that Netflix will make
it harder for independent filmmakers to
break through I would say choice for
them but for some other project they are
on something like that of course they
are more looking to have to make
business with Netflix or Amazon Netflix
didn't have anyone for us to talk to in
Venice but it's clear that in just a few
years they've shaken up the industry and
the real impact is still being debated
nadine barber venice for counting the
cost
and that is our show for this week if
you want to get in touch with us about
anything you've seen on the program you
can tweet me I'm at a Finnegan on
Twitter please use the hashtag AJ CTC
when you can do or you could drop us a
line counting the cost at al jazeera
dotnet is our email address there is
plenty more for you on line at
aljazeera.com slash CTC that takes you
straight to our web page which has
individual reports links even entire
episodes for you to catch up on but
that's it for this edition of counting
the cost I'm Adrienne Finnegan from the
whole team here at Doha thanks for being
with us the news on al Jazeera is next
