this was the message that these Kosovo
war veterans wanted to send to Serbia's
president Alexander Lucci been
determined to visit a Serb inhabited
village surrounded by an Albanian
population the local mayor a man who had
lost his entire family in a crackdown by
Serb forces 20 years ago made it clear
that he would not be welcomed person
would be wrong
15 thousand people were killed here
during the war and thousands are still
missing
mr. being president cannot pass through
here without apologizing for the crimes
that were committed by Serbia the wounds
run deep in this corner of the Balkans
and patriotic fervor runs high Serbia
lost control of Kosovo nearly 20 years
ago after a bitter conflict with rebels
fighting for an independent state NATO's
intervention eventually brought the
fighting to an end but the government in
Belgrade has never accepted Kosovo's
2008 Declaration of Independence
addressing one of the most nationalist
served communities in the region was
always going to be a challenge for mr.
Vujic the community here has always
railed against compromise but compromise
it's exactly what mr. moochick has been
urging saying that war and violence have
only served to isolate the Serb
community here the idea is to save our
people
our country our institutions to preserve
peace and at least try to build bridges
of trust towards the Albanians to strive
for an agreement even when we know it's
nearly impossible because the
alternative leads up to an abyss and
catastrophe the crowd may have listened
and politely applauded but not quite
prepared to let go of the past we got
the message that we should continue to
stay here to fight for Kosovo until we
die even then our children will carry on
door will be tomorrow alone we have to
continue our presence here and I believe
better days are coming those hopes rest
on how both Serbs and Albanians can not
only live together but also thrive this
is one of the poorest regions in Europe
and both communities are equally
affected joining the European Union
would many here hope help financially
but there is much that needs to be done
for that to happen missing on enemy
alternative we have no other alternative
Serbia cannot continue to talk of
accession to the EU prior to normalizing
relations with Kosovo and Kosovo in turn
needs to fulfill its obligations prior
to EU Parliament elections in the coming
spring and in a region where the effects
of war are still felt so vividly where
instability / ethnicity has blown up
into conflict its leaders must tread a
careful path to ensure that a peaceful
solution can be made strong enough to
withstand any potential unrest Sonia
Gallo al Jazeera me trivita
