haunting images and a rare glimpse of
the war in Yemen displaced children
sleep in a street at night neighborhoods
that once teemed with a life now reduced
to rubble the photographs were taken
last year by French photographer
Veronique to vagary they're part of a
photojournalism festival in the French
city of Perpignan so this is a hospital
in asada which is a beauty strong all in
North Yemen they were targeted by an
airstrike sounds yes right four years of
fighting between iranian-backed Houthi
rebels and the saudi-led coalition have
devastated Yemen at least 15,000 people
have been killed more than 20 million
are in desperate need few foreign
journalists have been able to enter the
country
it took Veronique one year to gain
access and expose what she calls a
hidden war saudi arabia' is making
everything possible to forbid media to
access especially not yemen to assess
the situation of these people who are
being trapped with enemies on all
borders the photos have won an
international red cross prize for
highlighting the suffering of civilians
in Delhi whether it is a labor or ramadi
we see the same tragedy for civilians
they are prevented from leaving
or they take big risk fleeing so for us
at the International Red Cross these
photos help us show the reality of
international human rights violations
the photos of Yemen offer a rare view on
to a more recent war but there are other
conflicts that have lasted for decades
and seeing them with fresh eyes is
equally powerful and moving Palestinian
car Lillehammer has been covering Gaza
for more than 20 years his striking
pictures are a testimony of daily life
my job is just to come up with an
exceptional picture it's like something
different let's show the conflict
through the beauty so people would be
able to look at a sad picture and keep
looking at it starting to think
but it and the story behind it without
getting hurt from the picture itself the
photographers exhibited here hope that
by shining a light on vulnerable people
in conflict they'll show their pain but
also highlight their courage Natasha
Butler al Jazeera
popping your France
