Prime Minister Alexis tsipras is keen to
show that Greece is turning a page for
years the emphasis has been on cutting
costs now he is turning to growth
dropping corporate tax by four points to
25% and social security contributions
for the self-employed by a third in an
attempt to create jobs workers and
consumers are set to see minimum wages
rise while property and sales taxes fall
C Paris is rolling back austerity era
tax hikes but he is doing it carefully I
did not come here to distribute benefits
I came to distribute and share with you
a vision our vision for Greece in a new
era that is rising for our country it's
not just that Greeks attacks exhausted
they're also headed into an election
year workers came to Thessaloniki to
remind the government of its promises
after eight years of austerity Greek
workers are calling for a return to a
better past they want minimum wage
restore
and new hires and health and education
and they want an onerous tax burden
designed to repay four hundred billion
dollars in debt lifted from their
shoulders
in addition tsipras left-leaning syriza
party faces anger for agreeing to allow
its neighbor to call itself northern
Macedonia a separate protest turned
violent when rock throwers clashed with
police just a few hundred yards from
where cheapest were speaking not
everyone is convinced Greece can revive
at this cafe many were indifferent and
some were angry 700,000 young people
have gone abroad they recover their
dignity their Greeks are only here to be
taxed a tax cost of a few points is no
big deal syriza is not just trying to
make the Greek economy attractive to
investors it's also trying to stimulate
consumption at home there are strict
limits to what we can spend but step by
step we have to start trusting in our
strengths again it's important to get
Greeks to invest in their country again
workers have traditionally supported
left-wing parties if syriza can overcome
their skepticism it will have won its
gambit john psaropoulos al Jazeera
Thessaloniki
