there's a climate change summit in San
Francisco next week so many change can't
come soon enough
thousands took to the streets to demand
that California make the switch to
renewable energy before it's too late
it's hoped the show of strength here
will spare part ish ins and those in
power to take action we rise today
because all sentient beings should have
the right to clean air clean water along
with the right to life liberty and the
pursuit of happiness in Australia big
demonstrations marked a global day of
action via - there are concerns about
burning fossil fuels rising ocean levels
and a failure by the Australian
Government to meet its commitments to
reduce climate change well because I
want the world to exist I don't I mean
climate change is a very real problem
and it should be and digging up coal is
just going to make things worse I think
about for their kids and their
grandchildren you know if we wait if you
don't do anything in 50 years time the
water will be lapping up here but our
feet won't it in all rise for climate
protests were held in 90 cities across
the world organizers say many have deep
concerns about President Trump's
policies on climate change the United
States remains one of the world's worst
polluters it's such a beautiful name
clean power clean power right they want
to have windmills all over the place
right when the wind doesn't blow what do
we do we got problems
president Trump famously called climate
change a hoax but for many people rising
ocean levels and polluted air are
already a problem it's highly unlikely
Donald Trump will change his stance on
climate change or his policies but
there's a growing concern about the pace
of change as there is a growing number
of people calling for action and the
Gallacher al Jazeera Washington
