Saudi Arabia now admits Jamal keshavjee
is dead after weeks of denying it riad
says the Saudi journalist died in a
fistfight inside its Istanbul consulate
but as global outrage melts does this
account even seem credible this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Imran Khan Saudi Arabia has admitted for
the first time that Jamal Khashoggi was
killed inside its consulate in Istanbul
the announcement was made on Saudi state
TV in the middle of the night 17 days
after the journalist was last seen going
into the compound the kingdom says there
was a brawl and keshavjee died Turkish
security sources have a different story
they say keshavjee was tortured murdered
and his body cut up into pieces we'll
talk to our panel shortly but first this
report from Andrew Simmons images played
out relentlessly worldwide as Saudi
Arabia denied Jamal keshavjee had been
killed but this was the last anyone
would see of him alive and it was the
beginning of a crisis that shaken the
Saudi royal household to its foundations
to the despair of sixty-year-old shock
Jesus fiance @ej Genji's who had waited
in vain for him to leave the consulate
the Saudis initially said he wasn't in
the building now they finally admitted
that six-year-old keshavjee is dead and
this statement has been issued from the
public prosecutor taka talla well en la
tierra Tony Abbot ulama the first
investigation into the disappearance of
Saudi citizen Jamal Khashoggi shows that
there was an argument and quarrel
between him and the people he met at the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul the quarrel
led to his death but the announcements
from Saudi Arabia cut against what
Turkish investigators say happened
inside this building it all boils down
to an 11 minute audio recording of
events in which they say within minutes
Khashoggi was attacked and he died in
the most gruesome way his body being cut
up and handed part by part to other
Saudi officials inside the building
Jamal was entered the building he met
for a few minutes with the council
general to discuss his papers that he
needed and he was immediately attacked
by this gang of killers that were sent
specifically to Istanbul to
- actually liquidate him it wasn't an
accident of death death it wasn't a
fistfight to the point where the Consul
General on tape is allegedly screaming
please do not do it here you were
getting me in trouble the Saudi
statement announced the detention of
suspects
those arrested aren't named but may well
include what the Turks say was a
15-member hit team at least four of them
officials close to the royal household
including this man Mohammed Reeb an
intelligence official who the Turks say
led the operation on the ground tracked
by CCTV cameras entering the consulate
ahead of cachaca G's death and later
leaving the country and at least five
high-ranking officials have been sacked
a trusted adviser to Mohammed bin Salman
is among them
so dude al Kitani also act meant our
siri deputy chief of intelligence and
former spokesman for the Saudi UAE led
coalition in the war in Yemen the crown
prince will now head a restructuring of
the general intelligence agency the
announcements appear to signal that
Mohammed bin Salman is being absolved a
blame for jamilka shock G's death as the
Turkish inquiry continues the actions of
Saudi Arabia leave more questions than
answers
among them where are the remains of
Jamal keshavjee and more than anything
else was this really a Saudi Arabia
portrays some sort of accident or a
rogue operation from within its own
royal household
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera Istanbul audio
excerpts have been released of Jamarcus
Yogi's last interview he was talking to
a Newsweek reporter and the discussion
was originally going to remain
confidential as keshavjee said he feared
for his life here he's asked about Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman he wants to
be a reformist why not bring evidence to
the public opinion why not bring a
transparent process where where you have
really introduced the rule of law and
due process
and I mean the people will be on his
side if he would do that deep inside him
his old-fashioned tribal leader why
Hamad bin Salman didn't see that but at
the port because it will limit his
authoritarian rule and he didn't want
that he doesn't see the need for that so
sometimes I feel that he will take he
won't enjoy the fruit of post-war
modernity and Silicon Valley and cinemas
and everything and at the same time they
want also to rule like how his
grandfather rules on Eureka yeah that
doesn't work you can have it both ways
can you have it both ways
can you call yourself can you support
there is no typical movements in Saudi
Arabia that could pressure him number
one and the world is happy with him do
you see anybody in America who is Bernie
Sanders America but not serving to apply
a pressure to happen how much the Salman
a little at a true crisis averages Saudi
Arabia
let's bring in our guests in Washington
DC John Jones a former US senior
congressional advisor from London via
Skype Saad al faqih a Saudi dissident
who heads up the opposition group
movement for Islamic reform in Arabia
and also via Skype from Hamilton New
York Amanda Rogers professor of Middle
Eastern Islamic Studies at Colgate
University welcome to you all
I'd like to start with you dr. Sardo
sake
is anybody buying this story that Jamal
keshavjee was killed in a brawl in the
Saudi consulate in Istanbul not only
nobody is buying it people are looking
at it with sarcasm it is an expression
of the idiocy of the people who created
it and they see it as a bunch of lies
which is creating more questions than
answers and which is opening the gate
for for everybody who want to consider
Mohammed bin Salman as visible I was
responsible for this action there is
somebody that's buying it let's bring in
John Jones here president Donald Trump
has said he thinks this is credible why
do you think he is going along with it
Angela Merkel the German Chancellor for
example has rejected the Saudi version
of events but yet Donald Trump the US
president says it's credible well number
one you probably haven't seen more
skeptical reports and response in regard
to a death since the assassination of
John F Kennedy and the Warren Commission
report that was later released number
two even if Donald Trump believes this
account it doesn't really impact what
Congress is going to do because you've
had bipartisan members of the United
States Congress and the Senate
criticized this response and reject it
so it remains to see going forward what
the penalties and sanctions will
actually be but first and foremost I
think the Saudi government is trying to
avoid punishment of the under the global
magnets Key Act which would punish them
from being able to travel to different
countries and it'll also
freeze their assets so they're trying to
avoid punishment notwithstanding
providing and presenting an argument
that has been condemned and criticized
across the board
let's bring in Amanda Rogers here Amanda
you've studied political regimes and
Islamic history for a long time now
historically speaking authoritarian
regimes have often put out a message
that they think is believable simply
because they controlled the narrative
back at home but this is an
international story they haven't been
able to control the narrative why behave
like that why put out a story like this
that many across the world simply simply
say isn't believable well I think I
would back up actually and circle around
to the issue first of whether or not
Trump actually finds the Saturday line
credible I don't think that it's
necessarily useful to speculate on
whether or not Trump finds this credible
because the overarching sort of umbrella
on the geopolitical stage is economic
ties and geopolitical ties between Saudi
Arabia and the United States what I mean
by that is we see a story coming out of
Saudi Arabia that has changed numerous
times and one that other guests have
pointed out is pretty absurd and
unbelievable on its face now as to
whether or not the intention of that
cover story is to be persuasive or
merely serve as a sort of band-aid thin
veneer of an explanation that can serve
as I guess you could say a cover to
smooth over the incident so the news
cycle moves on so that business as usual
among the diplomats can continue as
normal
another issue entirely I say this
because in reference to other incidents
of safe political reformer extensible
political reform across the world and in
particularly the Middle East one common
phenomenon in the past several years has
been a generational divide with new
leaders and I'm speaking here
specifically of MBs in Saudi Arabia we
can also look at safe Qaddafi in Libya
to an extent Bashar al-assad and
in which case we have a younger
generation of rulers being touted as
reformists now as to whether or not the
reforms themselves are particularly I
hesitate to use the word liberalizing
but I suppose that it's the most
convenient essentially the same policies
as their predecessors albeit couched in
a language in a particular political
discourse that is much more amenable to
the Western powers so essentially the
same sort of politics can continue at
home with window dressing and sort of
performative linguistic gymnastics if
you will that can allow the big movers
and shakers and the diplomatic
communities to accept what is going on
under the surface at home because it
sounds like what we want to hear let's
bring in dr. Sardo huggy
here we're hearing that it's the same
message just a different day the Saudi
Crown Prince is in charge of the
intelligence overhaul that's going on in
Saudi Arabia do you think everything
that the Saudis have done so far is to
protect the crown prince himself do you
think what he did the Saudis do not do
anything he does he Dundee he decides
not really even the King decides he
decides and the way he designed this was
to protect himself definitely so and for
those people who believe in us in a
psychopathic way they don't care who is
going to to suffer as long as he is
going to be absorbed let ten or twenty
or thirty people go to jail or be killed
or anything as long as he is he gets out
free but to add to the point which which
is mentioned by other guests now why
would Trump accept this story it's not
because it is acceptable to him it's
because he is he contributed to creating
the story it is in his personal interest
to create this story and we sent bomb Bo
to bin Salman he did not send him to
encourage him to tell the truth he
wasn't since then
to arrange with him to to formulate to
create this story in order to sell it to
the world
versus or against all the will of the
world the Europe and the Congress and on
the American media John Jones in DC the
world simply isn't buying the story
though has this backfired on the White
House the world is in buying the story
more importantly there seems seems to be
very doubtful that the domestic
population and Saudi Arabia happens to
be buying this story or not and I think
that is also the concern of MBS and the
Saudi government in regards to what the
White House finds acceptable or not
acceptable we've already stated what
they say is one thing but what the
United States Congress says and does
means a lot as well but set aside the
concerns from Saudi Arabia or the United
States government what you're going to
need is an international investigation
that will speak to what actually took
place what are the facts on the ground
who's responsible who should be punished
where's the body these are all important
questions that need to be answered and
we won't get to the bottom of it unless
you have an international investigation
that is transparent credible and can get
to the facts dr. Sardo Hockey you heard
it there it needs an international
transparent investigation you're long
familiar with the Saudi government see
you're have been in exile for a very
long time now because of your comments
towards the Saudi government do you
think they'll ever allow any
international investigation tell us an
investigation will take a long time at
which needs international organizations
to decide it I think the matter is much
shorter than this turkey has got a lot
of information they are going to leave
much of this information part of this
information is intelligence which might
not be usable in standard courts but
certainly useful and I'm sure that much
of this information has been relate to
the Europeans and Americans and that's
why members of the Congress
very confident yes talking with full
thrust that the criminal is Mohammed bin
Salman and they they are not going to do
in Saudi Arabia within his leadership
so there is enough information with the
Turks about what happened and all what's
the Americans or Europeans need is to
twist their arm of Hamid and Salman and
to give their to give the information
which needs to complete the picture to
the Turks the Turks for example they
know how many calls are being made to
Muhammad the Salman office personally
they know the content of the messages
which were sent to that to him they know
he was he was personally watching what
is happening and following it up live
and they can I'm not sure that they will
publish this or not but this has been
leaked to quite reliable sources so if
and also they have been able to collect
forensic information which will which
help created a picture which fit which
fits with their intelligence information
so I don't think it is going to be it's
going to need the long way the long road
to international investigation all what
it needs it's for the Turks to complete
what they are doing and for a little
bush for the Saudis to answer the
questions from the Turks Maharaja's let
me bring you in here
you've heard it there though doesn't
need to be a long road towards the
investigation and investigation could
happen quite quickly
however deals are always done between
governments to try and bring situations
under control there is potentially here
a deal that could be done between the
Saudis the Americans and the Turks given
the geopolitical problems that there are
within the region the Turks clearly want
the Americans to back out of managed in
Syria so they can go into Syria and take
over that part of the country
the Americans clearly want access to
weapons is if a deal is made between
those three countries what does that
mean for the credibility of the US
administration
duration is it simply gone completely
when it comes international offense well
you know I had to answer this in a way
that is in any form frankly speaking
optimistic one of the issues at stake
here in terms of American credibility is
the United States is close alliance with
Saudi Arabia dates back to the 1940s and
at a time in which the u.s. explicitly
recognized that American defense and
Saudi defense are seen as very very much
mutually or inseparable if you will so
the issue is US policymakers have for
quite quite a while overlooked what they
would consider to be human rights abuses
there's an at a variety of levels
I do think that there is a chance to at
least ameliorate the situation somewhat
in the sense of having massive momentum
from Congress and so on and so forth
that separates from the President
himself
what I mean by that is we no longer have
a situation that is just as clear-cut as
the long-standing American ties to Saudi
Arabia as an important American ally we
also have a situation in which the
president and his family have
substantial economic ties in Hamad bin
Salman and the Saudi regime as it stands
now so one of the breaks I think that we
are starting to see between the
administration sort of itself in terms
of the heads and American view Congress
and public leaders outside of the
presidency is we might have an opening
through which we are finally able to
reassess what that long-standing
relationship with Saudi Arabia actually
means and practice but more generally
speaking I think it's quite difficult to
address the issue of restoring American
sort of credibility in the world at the
moment
let me bring in it
well fuck yeah I want to ask you a
question there is the Saudis are
themselves have arrested 18 people one
of them including saad al Kitani who is
seen as being the steve Bannon of the
crown prince a very important player
getting the princes message across they
would say the Saudi regime would say
that this is us housecleaning that we
are getting to the bottom of this
all those arrests is that the rest of
somebody likes out or Kotani enough for
you well it's it's it's it's brings
jubilation for us to see somebody like
this who is flexing his muscles on the
opposition and on the on the people
inside the country and using the
cyberspace and using his army of
intelligence working on Twitter to to to
mobilize them against us it's it brings
jubilation for us to see him being
humiliated by his own master who is
using him for for the sake of fighting
us but it has nothing to do with our
view regarding this incident the only
way to deal with this incident is to
remove not only Mohammed bin Salman but
the whole establishment which has
created the circumstances which resulted
in this action and by the way Jamel
Hazuki has died in the consulate and
that's why the world has become aware of
his death and this harsh gruesome manner
well at the same time there are
thousands of people been being tortured
and died under torture in the Saudi
business and very senior very important
members of the community being
humiliated and sacked from their jobs
and arrested and their money their their
accounts frozen you heard what dr. sod
has been saying that there is a whole
lot more people that we haven't heard of
because they're simply in jails in Saudi
Arabia let's take a look at the evidence
there's
been mounting the Turkish authorities
say they're going to release a report
which will bring together allegedly all
of the leaks so far in a more formal
document as soon as that report is
leaked the Saudi version of events
effectively goes out the window doesn't
it the Turks are providing their
evidence and their information which is
certainly substantial the Saudis are put
in a place where they certainly have to
respond to this and it seems that with
every response and statement that they
put forth they seem to go into a deeper
and deeper ditch what has happened
already which I'm sure was not the
Saudis goal is that a dissident a
prominent dissident has risen to the
status of a martyr a martyr for the
fight for the freedom of the press and
notwithstanding what has happened I
think it's it's easy to lose sight that
what has taken place is a tragic was a
tragic killing a murder and at the end
of the day unless again we have an
international investigation that
certainly takes in to account what the
Turkish government has put forth we're
not going to get to a place where we
have all the facts on the table so we
can actually determine who will be
punished and who will be held to account
for what took place here I think we do
have to be careful describing the
journalist Jamal khashoggi as a
dissident because he was very careful to
describe himself as just being a
journalist who wanted to analyze and to
be free to speak
Amanda Rogers just very quickly what
goes on next within the region if there
is this deal being made if nobody's
buying this story where do you think
this goes next well that's a really
broad question to briefly briefly answer
but I will say what I have heard from
several dissidents from other areas in
the region there is considerable fear
that if the international community buys
this thin cover story that the lives of
several other prominent prominent
critics and journalists and dissidents
across the Middle East are very much
under threat I also want to add one
thing I think
not being given adequate attention
across the media sphere just because of
how prominent Ashok ji himself was and
this is to give lie to Mohammed bin
Salman self branding as a reformer even
as the right for women to drive and
cinemas are being opened and so on and
so forth the pioneers of the women to
drive movement have been thrown in
prison and in many cases threatened with
say the death penalty so I think that
not just the case of Jamal which is
disgusting and tragic as it is this
should be used as an in to look at the
other abuses of the unnamed
and less famous and less prominent
because of us resident status thanks to
all our guest John Jones sorrel foggy
and amanda rodgers and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
al-jazeera calm and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Imran Khan and the whole team
here bye for now
you
you
