the sat are the same summit on Syria
Antigone called for ceasefire Putin and
rouhani said no giving the green light
but an all-out offensive on a live the
rebels last stronghold so what plans do
Russia Iran and Turkey have for Syria's
future this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I am Hashem ah ha ba ba three million
people are trapped in the Syrian
province of Idlib it's the last
remaining rebel stronghold and likely to
be the scene of a major military
offensive turkeys call for a ceasefire
was rejected by Russia and Iran who both
back the Syrian government prompting the
Turkish president to warn he'll
intervene if there's a bloodbath the
three leaders Recep Tayyip Erdogan
Vladimir Putin and Hassan rouhani met
for a trilateral talks in Tehran on
Friday but couldn't reach agreement the
UN has warned of a humanitarian disaster
if Syria and Russian forces push ahead
with a full-scale assault on Italy is
this the beginning of the end to the
seven-year war in Syria and if so at
what cost
we'll be speaking to our guests in a
moment but first Zen master Louie has a
support from tahan three leaders of
modern nations born from ancient empires
around a table in Tehran they plan the
future of a country whose leader was not
in the room
as the presidents of Russia and Iran
patted themselves on the back for a job
well done keeping Syrian President
Bashar al-assad in power
Turkey's leader reminded them that the
mission was far from accomplished we do
not want a bloodbath in Italy and we
expect you to support us in this regard
a decision which we reach in relation to
the fate of Italy will also shape the
future of the region much of the Tehran
summit was spent talking about the
future of adlib the Syrian city and
province were armed groups and
opposition rebels are preparing to make
their last stand against Syrian
government forces and Russian warplanes
for the underwriters of the Syrian
conflict a blip is a clearly a point of
divergence Iran and Russia see it in
national security terms the Syrian
government needs to regain control of
the city to combat what it calls
terrorism as well as asserting national
integrity Turkey already home to three
and a half million Syrian refugees sees
a blip in humanitarian terms president
wretched pay up or the ones
the majority of men women and children
there are not fighters and have suffered
enough and that Turks can't cope with
millions more fleeing it live Iran's
president acknowledged that the vast
majority of people in it live are
civilians it is sensitive because
terrorists use civilian people as human
fields they hide themselves among people
to continue their shameful lives we
should try to separate terrorists from
people fight terrorists and protect
civilians in this area but if Iran's
leaders held the middle ground Russian
President Vladimir Putin whose military
involvement turned the war in us its
favor has a different view
if armed groups were willing to use
civilians as human shields he said what
happens next is their fault terrorists
do the same thing everywhere all the
time they use human shields Russian
military always tries to spare civilian
lives
soon after the Daron summit ended the
United Nations peace envoy for Syria
warned the Security Council that any
battle for idli would be horrific and
that the time has come to evacuate the
city throughout the day leaders in
Tehran discussed a future Syria free
from terrorists with new buildings and
new constitution and even elections
while leaders in New York were left away
the potentially disastrous consequences
of what seems like the inevitable battle
for it Lib Zayn Basra via al Jazeera
Tehran the US ambassador to the United
Nations nikki Haley said an assault on
the Syrian city of Adelaide would be a
reckless escalation and warned against
the use of chemical weapons in the
country an Assad regime offensive on it
Lib would be a reckless escalation even
if chemical weapons were not used it is
up to Russia
to keep this from happening in the
meantime the Russian Federation has
recently been building up its naval
forces off the coast of Syria signaling
that Moscow is pre positioning itself to
once more
abet the murder and mayhem of the Assad
regime and as has happened numerous
times in the past there are signs that
the Assad regime is planning to use
chemical weapons to finish off the siege
of inlet
let's introduce our panel joining us in
Moscow Alexei cleric of the Middle East
expert of the Russian International
Affairs Council and in pahala an for ad
is that the professor of world studies
of the University of Tehran Alexei I
mean we thought that the three key
players Russia Iran and Turkey had
enough time to set aside their
differences but differences seem to
continue well in the first place we
shouldn't expect that all three could
agree on everything and it's the bottom
line that all three has certain
differences on Syria and as far as this
summit concerned the major disagreements
and the major discussion was held
between Turkey and Russia as we saw that
was quite a open discussion between
their daguan and put it when they're
gone
called Russia to agree on a ceasefire in
Italy were put in a reasoned began by
saying that you know terrorists are not
present here in the summit so they
cannot give their word for for that so
basically the countries currently agreed
to postpone any major large-scale
offensive on a blip which actually plays
in hand to both Russia and Turkey mm-hmm
for hunt I mean the Russians and the
Iranians seem to be on the same page
which is basically let's go ahead and
let's trance the rebels in Italy Turkey
on the other hand says let's give
diplomacy a final chance do you think
that they still wiggle room for all the
parties to set aside those differences
about how to move forward about Italy
yes I think there's a chance for all
parties to agree there are a couple of
principles that I think most of the
parties involved agree on one
the first principle is that we need to
have an end to the Syrian civil war you
cannot have the civil war continue
forever it's been seven years of death
and destruction
the sooner adlib is freed from terrorist
organizations the sooner you can have
peace in Syria and the people of Syria
are very much in need of peace the
second point is the humanitarian
situation in a blip you don't want to
have a situation where civilians are
killed mr. de Mistura the special
representative of the United Nations to
Syria had an interesting solution
yesterday when he spoke at the United
Nations and that was separating the
terrorist organizations from the
population in fact he called for
campaign by the general public that
lives in adlib to force terrorist
organizations out of the cities this
could be an interesting solution okay
and I think the third issue that we have
to worry worry about is Syria's
territorial integrity and if countries
and parties to this conflict can agree
on these three principles I think a lot
of problems will be resolved okay Alexei
I mean we don't know what might happen
tomorrow because there are no strong
guarantees as all the parties will agree
about how to end the war in Syria so
let's talk about all the possible
scenarios scenario number one no
political agreement a military campaign
in Italy
isn't this something that is likely to
further deepen the political situation
in Syria well it's a quite complicated
situation and it's a good question to
ask whether Italy will help to
facilitate the political process on one
hand of course and this is one of the
major reasons behind Russia's agreement
with Turkey to postpone the offensive
because currently Russia needs Turkey on
board in Syria to kind
transfer military gains into gains and
the political trend so without Turkey it
would be very hard to bear the fruit of
all previous efforts on the other hand
situation in Italy is seen by the
majority of experts especially in the
West as kind of a turning point but
actually if we look at it Lib from the
perspective of a long term Syria
reconstruction or restoration it Alip is
not that important in the long term it's
important from logistical point of view
because it connects highways from Aleppo
to coastal areas and then also towards
Homs and Hama but if we look at East
nephritis instantly forest is those
territories which are going to be
crucial okay in the next stages where
oil reserves and refineries which are
crucial for Syria's where a
reconstruction process and for Damascus
to gain them back for and this is the
problem because I know that the Iranians
and the Russians seem to be really
excited about this whole idea of
evicting the rebels from Idlib and then
saying to the world it's over Bashar
al-assad is back in power here's a
problem here we've seen that happening
Aleppo in 2016 we've seen that happen in
different places particularly the Oscars
of the capital Damascus it was a
disaster by phenomenal proportions the
international community said that will
not happen again in Syria particularly
when it comes to it do you think that
the Iranians will definitely go ahead
despite the concerns voiced by the
international community
you know if by international community
you mean the United States and its
allies they're going to be unhappy they
lost war in Syria they financed
terrorist organizations they basically
paid anybody in Syria that was willing
to fight the Syrian government and the
sooner they realize they have lost the
world the better it's going to be for
the Syrian people failure cannot
continue with its current situation you
cannot have 10,000 20,000 member
of terrorist organizations occupying a
province of a country us would not
tolerate that Qatar would not tolerate
that Russia would not tolerate that Iran
will not allow Syria would not tolerate
that and jabhat al-nusra is on the list
of terrorist organizations that is
produced by the USS State Department
your point is well-taken that when you
want to get failure to a point where
there is no civil war you need to make
sure that human suffering is reduced and
and you don't have civilian casualties
that's it that's a very good point
that's a point that was very much
discussed in the Teheran conference
yesterday but just waiting for the
terrorists to leave Syria is not going
to be solution a solution because they
if they wanted to leave Syria they would
not be there to start with I guess your
point Alexei is it safe to say at this
particular moment that the washers and
the are the Iranians are really in sync
when it comes to the future of Syria the
same they speak the same language well
when it comes to quite immediate goals
as for Italy or gaining back off Syrian
territory under the Damascus control yes
I think required on the same page what
are we talking about mid term and long
term those I think here Russia and Iran
has a quite number of differences and
for Russia itself Iranian excessive
presence in Syria is also quite
challenging because it puts at risks
both Syria
government regardless of whether us
stays or transition period you know is
over and then another person is in power
anyways excessive running a presence in
Syria would bother Israel the United
States Europeans and Turkey all other
actors
concerned but on the other hand it's
everyone should understand that Iran
Iranian presence in Syria was there
before 2011 definitely it has
increases its presence military economic
cultural humanitarian during this seven
years of wars and of course it's
unrealistic to talk about complete
withdrawal of Iran from there so I think
that would be also one of the major
challenges for Moscow to come to common
terms with Iran of how the war will be
the limits of Iranian presence in Syria
after the war is over
for ad if they're Russians ask the
Iranians in the near future to limit
their presence in Iran because this is a
prerequisite by the international
community by the Israelis in particular
would the Iranians follow heat as your
guest in Moscow said Iran has had good
relations with Syria for many decades
and Iran is in failure because of a
request of the Syrian government the
same is true with Russia Russia is in
Syria because the Syrian government
requested we are not like the United
States that is occupying Syrian
territory illegally without any UN
Security Council resolution and without
the welcome of the Syrian government and
Iranian presence in Syria would continue
as long as the Syrian government once
Iran to be in Syria Iran is not
interested in a prolonged presence in
Syria without the consent and and
requests of the Syrian government Iran
has to spend a lot of money the money
that Iran really doesn't have in Syria
Iranian troops have been killed in Syria
Syrian war has been costly to the Syrian
people and also to Iranian people mhm
and the sooner you can have a civil war
ended can have the Civil War ended in
Syria the better is going to be for Iran
that smoothly than Iran is pushing for
the end of the Civil War and Iran will
continue to be in Syria as long as the
Syrian government okay gentlemen we're
still talking about option one which is
the military option
alexsei I mean let's assume that the
military campaign leads to the eviction
of the rebels from a delayed by shadow
as that takes over but here is a problem
many people say that the problems are
the Russians and the Iranians are
committing or the error they're
committing in Syria is that they are
looking at the conflict from one narrow
perspective which is the rebels of
radical groups ignoring the fact that it
is millions of Syrians saying that they
don't want to see Bashar al-assad in
power because he is someone who has
clamped down on dissent well I think
Moscow here is driven by the quite
common sense that this should be decided
by Syrians and those I mean Moscow
doesn't buy an argument at all millions
of Syrians are against Assad okay let's
you know pacify the country then launch
the process a political process under
the UN supervision then have elections
and then Syrians will be will have an
opportunity to express their will and
then after that that will be clear
whether they want
acet go or not I said go or whether they
want to change their country completely
so that's the point and as Moscow
numerously
was claiming that it's not about us it's
not about his family or regime staying
in power it's about protecting existing
institutions and structures state
structures because the major argument
which mosque refers to is that in in
Iraq or in in Libya or in Afghanistan
during a military campaigns and look for
regime change the countries were
actually destroy their infrastructure
the state institutions were
dysfunctional not led to the quite
chaotic situation let's and now from
Moscow that was the major goal I see a
point now let's take a perspective in
from Turkey now we are now being joined
by her Lib delay who is a research do
at a South forum available we were
talking about basically all the
different scenarios and all the
different possibilities possibility
number one political talks collapse
military campaign Russians the Iranians
have Bashar as I take over what would be
the reaction of Turkey if the military
campaign starts in it lib well I think
anything is on the table I mean
yesterday the president Hartman has
tweeted in which that you know it
clearly stated that it is if a
catastrophe happens in Syria as a result
of a large-scale military campaign
Turkey will not be just urge will not
remain on the sidelines
so therefore like you know if something
of that magnitude happens that means
millions of people millions of people
from Syria will be moving towards
towards the Turkish border and this is
you know posing both a grave
humanitarian catastrophe any great
security the reason why I'm asking you
that particular question is that at this
moment what kind of leverage does turkey
still have in the northern part of Syria
can we see them for example interfering
militarily in the case of a ministry or
a campaign or providing weapons to the
rebels what what are the options that
might happen there well it appears the
severity of the crisis a turkey will
face so if it is really severe I think
to Turkey will intervene turkey will be
present militarily in part in northern
part of the it lip as well too and it
will provide whatever necessary to the
Allied Free Syrian army's and it will
try to our coordinate with us and some
European powers as much as possible to
do you know to see what it can be done
not nevertheless we should also
recognize that the turkeys leverage and
option is very much has very much been
reduced in the larger Syrians in the
large and Syrian scene so that that
recognition needs to be taken only
account but if we see like a large-scale
catastrophe I think that you know many
things then can became stable for and I
mean option to the parties decide to set
aside their differences and
on a ceasefire aid lib and launching a
political process when we talk about a
political process here's a problem many
say that it should also bring into the
into consideration the need to implement
genuine democracy in Syria by genuine
democracy they mean Assad should go
because he's responsible for the
destruction and the death of hundreds of
thousands of people is this something
that the Iranians could consider the
future of Syria should be decided by the
Syrian people and whatever they decide
whoever is supposed to be the president
there is a decision the Syrians would
ultimately make but the scenario that
you presented that President Assad is
responsible for the deaths and
destructions
so he should go there has another side
that the side is that President Assad
made sure that Syria is not taken into
pieces President Assad made sure that
Isis is not ruling Damascus as we speak
President Assad made sure that an
Israeli or a u.s. puppet government is
not in Syria so he has done some good
things as well in the last many years
now whether those good things are going
to be enough for him to win elections
it's not a decision of Iranians or
Russians or Turkish politicians it's the
decision of the Syrian people and the
sooner you would you have an end to the
civil war in Syria you know you can't
get an answer for that
I mean Alexei I mean quite interesting
to see what could happen next
in Syria now in case of political
process how do you see that political
process move forward with the old key
players each having a different
political agenda Turkey one hand Iran on
the other and Russia on the other
unfortunately no one knows how it will
go but yeah I write the mention at one
of the most significant and crucial and
complex problem and now it is a kind of
a litmus test for Russia
and Turkey if they managed to come to
come in terms on how to deal with idli
and further with the political process
then it will define the further steps
because as I already mentioned Russian
it's Turkey on board because without
turkeys uh assistance it would be almost
impossible to deal with Syrian
opposition which is backed by Ankara Oh
things like four years I see so this is
it so this is why it's crucial for
Moscow to yes to maintain good relations
and strike deal with the turkey Valley
please in less than a minute is it safe
to say that if the Turks are given two
guarantees first of all the Kurds in
Syria won't be playing any bigger bowl
number two the Turks we still have some
political levers in northern part of
Syria they would be fine with Assad
staying in power and fine with an
establishment that is you know where
another influenced by the Iranians and
the Russians in particular well let's
start with the first part nothing in
Syria has been decided in Syria by
Syrians and nothing in Syria for the
foreseeable future will be decided by
Syrians so that's let's put the fact on
the ground and how sana was effectively
about you know defining nature of
relation between Turkey Iran and Russia
within the Syrian context it was not
about the scene than such as well to the
thirdly right now Turkey will not like
the fact that Assad is in power it does
not like the fact that it does not
empower but right now it's not the
turkeys priority it's not the turkeys
probably concerned the turkeys probably
concern relates to presence of YPG and
PYD in the northern northeastern part of
Syria and also like you know the
humanitarian catastrophe and as a result
of making waves of the refugees that we
might say that might come from Italy but
nevertheless we are not going to see the
end of the Syrian crisis and I think the
Syrian crisis is only transforming and
changing its nature so because right now
we're imposing some and given materials
we are not following the Syrian crisis
we live it or that we live we live it
there thank you very much indeed
Ali delay
is a clinical and for aunt is a D and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Hashima Halpern
and the whole team here
bye for now
you
