it's towards whether a media stunt gone
bad or an ill-made decision probably
can't because stockholders right
I mean it's legal right it's illegal
okay the video of billionaire
entrepreneur Elon Musk smoking marijuana
during a live interview Thursday has
translated to a financial hit on his
company the stock value of electric car
manufacturer Tesla tumbled nine percent
Friday morning continuing a downward
trend fueled by a string of corporate
resignations and its founders erratic
behavior I'm getting text messages from
friends saying what the hell are you
doing smoking weed musk in early August
announced with a controversial tweet he
was considering taking Tesla private
only to take back the idea weeks later
before that he had bizarrely interjected
himself into the rescue effort of 12
Thai boys trapped in a flooded cave when
his offer to build a mini submarine was
refused must turn his angst toward a
British Rescue Diver accusing him
without giving evidence of being a
pedophile Tesla has also struggled with
recent production delays of its latest
model
but SpaceX another Elon Musk brainchild
continues its groundbreaking success its
reusable rockets and plans to return
human spaceflight capability to the US
have upheld SpaceX's status as one of
the world's most valuable privately held
companies asked Thursday to explain his
innovative genius musk said even as a
child he knew he was different I think
when I was I don't know five or six or
something I thought I was insane why'd
you think you're insane because it was
clear that out people do not what their
mind wasn't exploding with ideas all the
time the question is whether what makes
musk so different is also driving him
toward recklessness and how much
patients investors wish to expend Heidi
Joe Castro al Jazeera Washington
