Farah Alhaji is no longer quite sure
what sort of country she's living in I
felt humiliated he made me feel very
small born in Sweden to Muslim parents
who've lived here for decades Farrar
came face to face with unfamiliar
prejudice when a job interview was
terminated after she refused on
religious grounds to shake the hand of
her male interviewer she won her
subsequent claim to the Swedish labor
court if you would ask me this from a
few years ago my answer would be that
they are very accepting but today I am
Not sure I would answer the same thing
because I think that racist people in
Islamophobic people are showing
themselves more now and they are
encouraged to show themselves more so
people are not afraid to say I hate you
because you're Muslim or I hate you
because you're wearing a hijab the
far-right party that speaks for them is
called the Sweden Democrat with neo-nazi
roots and its image cleaned up to appeal
more broadly now this once fringe
movement is poised to upend the
political landscape as Sweden's
second-largest party I think that what
we're seeing is a Sweden is very
important to kind of strive for our
classical's as we say it's Swedish
values and it has to do with that we're
equal we have a gender equality that is
very very strong in comparison with
other places this is about keeping
Sweden Swedish together I say it's a
message resonating widely in what used
to be one of Europe's most open and free
thinking societies Expo magazine
Sweden's leading investigative journal
has long charted the rise of the far
right and the catalyst of Nazism yeah I
mean the party has been through some
changes of course but there is a sort of
a core of a radical nationalism quest
for homogeneity in Sweden and placing
immigrants and minorities at the center
of everything that's wrong Society the
relentless rise of
right here the Sweden Democrats winning
5% of the vote in 2010 almost 13% four
years later and this time perhaps one in
five votes 20% tells the story of a
country changing fast reacting in part
to the huge influx of refugees since
2015 and with some people nostalgic for
a simpler time a more culturally
homogenous past a lot of people are
telling me a deaf to the Swedish society
but I'm born here as after what a
question of identity that lies at the
heart of this election
Jona how al jazeera Stockholm
