three leaders of modern nations born
from ancient empires around a table in
Tehran they planned the future of a
country whose leader was not in the room
as the presidents of Russia and Iran
patted themselves on the back for a job
well done keeping Syrian President
Bashar al-assad in power
Turkey's leader reminded them that the
mission was far from accomplished we do
not want a bloodbath in Italy and we
expect you to support us in this regard
a decision which we reach in relation to
the fates of Italy will also shape the
future of the region much of the Tehran
summit was spent talking about the
future of adlib the Syrian city and
province were armed groups and
opposition rebels are preparing to make
their last stand against Syrian
government forces and Russian warplanes
for the underwriters of the Syrian
conflict a blip is clearly a point of
divergence Iran and Russia see it in
national security terms the Syrian
government needs to regain control of
the city to combat what it calls
terrorism as well as asserting national
integrity Turkey already home to three
and a half million Syrian refugees sees
a blip in humanitarian terms president
wretched pay up Iran said the majority
of men women and children there are not
fighters and have suffered enough and
that Turks can't cope with millions more
fleeing Italy Iran's president
acknowledged that the vast majority of
people in it live are civilians it is
sensitive because terrorists use
civilian people as human fields they
hide themselves among people to continue
their shameful lives we should try to
separate terrorists from people fight
terrorists and protect civilians in this
area but if Iran's leaders held the
middle ground Russian President Vladimir
Putin whose military involvement turned
the war in us its favor has a different
view if armed groups were willing to use
civilians as human shields he said what
happens next is their fault terrorists
do the same thing everywhere all the
time they use human shields Russian
military always tries to spare civilian
lives
soon after the daran some attended the
United Nations peace envoy for Syria
warned the Security Council that any
battle for Edler would
be horrific and that the time has come
to evacuate the city throughout the day
leaders in Tehran discussed a future
Syria free from terrorists with new
buildings a new constitution and even
elections while leaders in New York were
left away the potentially disastrous
consequences of what seems like the
inevitable battle for Italy Zayn Basra
via al Jazeera Tehran
