accusing current president Donald Trump
of capitalizing on resentment former US
President Barack Obama delivered a
blistering attack on Trump's time in the
White House this is not normal so these
are extraordinary times and they're
dangerous times Obama is back on the
campaign trail advocating for Democrats
in advance of a November vote that will
determine control of the US Congress and
offer what he believes is a much-needed
check on his successor the politics of
division of resentment and paranoia has
unfortunately found a home Obama's fiery
speech took aim at some of trumps most
controversial moments as president
including his response to white
nationalist protests in Charlottesville
when Trump blamed both sides for the
trouble we're supposed to stand up to
discrimination and we're sure as heck
supposed to stand up clearly and
unequivocally to Nazi sympathizers how
hard can that be saying that Nazis are
bad Obama's attack comes as Trump is
also campaigning for Republicans in
North Dakota Trump responded I'm sorry I
watched it but I fell asleep he shot
back at Obama who said the economic
recovery started under his presidency if
the Democrats got in with their agenda
in November of almost two years ago
instead of having 4.2 up I believe
honestly you'd have 4.2 down you'd be
negative you'd be in negative numbers
still Obama's speech is a stinging
rebuke of a sitting president with a
distinctly different vision of democracy
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera Washington
