just when it seemed Raziel special
election campaign couldn't get more
unpredictable the controversial leading
candidate was stabbed in the stomach
during a street rat the conservative
evangelicals ievo senado the device of
law and order candidate sent this
message from hospital his mankind so
evil I've never harmed anyone
but many Brazilians disagree also NATO
is facing a Supreme Court trial charged
with making inflammatory anti-gay anti
black and misogynist statements which
promote hatred and condone rape all of
both scenarios rivals strongly condemned
the attack against the former Army
captain even former President GT model
SEF whom he once said deserved had been
tortured during Brazil's military
dictatorship
now whoever did this has to pay whoever
did it equally controversial would be
leading candidate Lula da Silva
continues to fight for his right to
campaign from his prison cell where he's
serving a 12-year sentence for
corruption still Brazil's most popular
politician he's been barred from running
but is appealing the court decision but
given the likelihood he'll lose he's
expected to cede his candidacy to his
vice presidential choice Fernando Haddad
before Wednesday the deadline for
registering the former cell power mayor
from the left-wing Workers Party is also
now being accused of receiving indirect
payments to his 2012 campaign he denies
any wrongdoing what does the prosecution
have in his hands the word of a bandit
who lied eight times to the courts
regardless opinion polls show the Haddad
is unlikely to inherit Lula's popularity
also Nardo's divisive and pro-gun stance
also frightens many Brazilians all of
which means that the 13 candidate race
is still wide open
unless Thursday's attack actually gives
both so narrow the edge he needs to win
in a first round next month
you see a Newman al-jazeera
