Venice a city known for its unchanging
beauty but over at the International
Film Festival though moving boldly into
the future well that's what the
organizers say anyhow they put on a
record six films backed by the online
platform Netflix including the latest
Coen Brothers film Alessio criminy knees
crime drama on my skin based on a
real-life case of a death in police
custody it will be released on the same
day on Netflix and in Italian movie
theaters but for most of the Netflix
films including this newly finished
final film from the late Orson Welles
it's not clear how widely they'll be
screened and for how long and that's
worrying some in the industry who are
involved in nurturing new talent it's
about the business model and if Netflix
keeps going keeps going where's the
place for everybody else in the room you
know cinematic process has a lot of
integrity in the way that it develops
and includes and ultimately in that
experience is for everyone to be in a
cinema this week the International
Confederation of art cinemas urged
Venice to reserved competition slots for
quote works of art that will be seen in
cinemas internationally but for this
Venice veteran it's time for change I
approve of metrics I approve of Amazon I
approve of anybody who's prepared to
give money to people who make films who
would otherwise not get the money so I
don't think it'll make any difference at
all to the type of films being made
because Netflix will keep on saying you
can make the film as you want here at
Venice tees industry section business is
brisk as people look for a deal to
support their films of their ideas more
and more of those deals are being struck
with online platforms like Netflix and
Amazon which means more films that the
public can choose to see either at the
cinema or on devices like their
smartphones but the man heading this
part of the festival rejects worries
that Netflix will make it harder for
independent filmmakers to break through
I
say it is not the first choice for them
but for some other project we are on
something like that of course they are
more looking to have to make business
with Netflix or Amazon Netflix didn't
have anyone for us to talk to in Venice
but they could end up with a winner
Alfonso Cuaron's 1970s drama roma is one
of the competition favorites
whatever happens they've shaken up the
industry but the real impact is still
being debated nadine barber al jazeera
at the Venice Film Festival
