visitors to the new national law
enforcement Museum in Washington DC a
shona film accepting that the origins of
US law enforcement lie in rounding up
escaped slaves xenophobia and protection
of property for the rich because as
examples of communities and police
forces working together today are
presented in contrast to a brutal past
amid the interactive displays and
memorabilia like notorious FBI director
j edgar Hoover's desk is an exhibit
about Ferguson Missouri where the
killing of a black teenager by a white
police officer helped catalyze the black
lives matter movement but the main goal
of the museum is to pay tribute to law
enforcement and explore the toughness of
the job
this simulation of a traffic stop shows
how difficult it is to tell the
difference between someone brandishing a
weapon and someone displaying their ID
inference would appear to be that you
too could shoot an innocent person by
mistake
statistics cobbled together from
voluntary police reports from across the
u.s. are stark for example one study
finds that people of color minorities in
u.s. society made up over 60% of unarmed
people killed by US police in the first
half of 2015 the museum's director says
the problems of US law enforcement are
integral to the dialogue he wants to
begin our role is to bring people with
different points of view different
experiences different perceptions
together to try to learn from history
appreciate what's been done in the past
appreciate what's being done well now
and what can be even what can be done
even stronger in the future we invited
community organizer Natasha nappa to
tour the displays with us our conclusion
the museum just doesn't get it
I see mentioning of Ferguson I see
mentioning of slave patrol but we're not
connecting how all of those things
connect together and how those are very
real experiences are still happening
through capitalism and white
see I just don't see the relationship
between the police and the particularly
that black and brown and other
marginalized communities you know that I
work within and I hear their stories and
this is just not reflective the museum
is desperate to display reconstructive
sensitive contemporary US law
enforcement for that projection is some
way from the perception of those being
policed she Everton C al Jazeera
Washington
