in Cox's Bazar Bangladesh it's not just
a humanitarian crisis that's unfolding
an environmental one is - that's why
today in the kuttappa long refugee camp
brac a local NGO is overseeing the
planting of trees Abdul Salam tells me
this initiative is one part of a larger
effort to help this landscape recover
and recounts how things got so dire
deputies did dr. hi
after the rahega came to this country
the forest here really got destroyed if
we look at a picture of this area from
before August 2017 we would see lots of
green and forest after that when they
started to build houses and roads that
destroyed most of the forest not only
that they are cutting down most of the
wood to use for cooking just up the road
row Hindu refugee Abdul Minh Anh emerges
from the forest carrying the wood he's
just gathered he explains this is
imperative to him and his family
we don't have stoves it's very hard for
us to cook we have to collect this wood
so we can eat in nearby Chuck mark cool
refugee camp another effort aimed at
preventing more deforestation here the
United Nations refugee agency is
training real Hendra refugees how to use
the energy efficient stoves they will be
given this pilot project is also
distributing liquid petroleum gas or LPG
as it's called to thousands of families
Mikhail Eden tells me the equivalent of
four football fields of forest is being
cut down daily because refugees need
cooking fuel the refugees are using
firewood on an efficient mud stoves so
it produces a lot of smoke which is
quite unhealthy for the refugees LPG
will burn in a clean way and also it
addresses protection issues in the past
year over 700,000 rominger refugees fled
Myanmar's rakhine state after a
crackdown that was launched against them
by the military they have settled in
neighboring Bangladesh where the border
town of Cox's Bazar has become home to
the largest refugee settlement in the
the influx has drastically impacted the
landscape for humans as well as animals
the location of this camp happens to lie
on a migratory route for endangered
Asian elephants that runs between
Bangladesh and Myanmar now watchtowers
like the one you see behind me they've
been built in key locations here in
order to alert refugees if elephants
into the area for now at least
and despite everyone's best efforts only
one thing is certain that the challenge
is here both humanitarian and
environmental will for the foreseeable
future continue Muhammad Abdul Majid
Zira at the kuttappa long and Chuck
Markkula refugee camps in Cox's Bazar
Bangladesh
