it's the first week back at school for
these young students at the ibrahim kal
mehndi primary school in the town of
pleasure it's the largest one of its
kind in serbia all the pupils are
albanian as they settle in the school
itself prepares for what could be the
last time it teaches the serbian
curriculum and what they hope will be a
fresh start for the school there's
hardly been an investment here since
1965 everything's in poor condition and
we have no proper Albanian textbooks the
possibility of a land swap between
Serbia and Kosovo has been uppermost in
people's minds here pressure was
population is 90% ethnic Albanian the US
and the European Union had always
discouraged the idea until now an
apparently straightforward solution on
the surface but has the potential to
reopen old wounds in this part of the
Balkans which has already suffered
brutal conflict following the breakdown
of Yugoslavia one of the plans that
people here fear is being discussed is
moving the border to this railway track
now while that would put the town of
pressure of firmly within the borders of
Kosovo it would mean that these outlying
villages would still be in Serbia and
leave thousands of other Albanians still
stuck there moreover there is still
uncertainty as to what Serbia would want
in return but would likely demand
dominated northern Kosovo which it views
is non-negotiable yes we would like to
be part of Republic of Kosovo but we
have to be very careful in our
declarations in terms of you know for
Republic of Kosovo to be created a lot
of sacrifice has been done by all the
Albanians including the Albanians of
pressure on valleys so we do not want to
interfere in this process this also
poses another dilemma for the region's
leaders if borders are to be redrawn on
the basis of ethnicity it could provoke
more calls for land swaps from Macedonia
which has more than half a million
Albanians living along it
frontiers even the goal of eventually UX
session for Balkan countries cannot Olay
these fears this corner we don't find
discussion about a land swap between
Kosovo Serbia conducive to reaching the
goal we think it will reopen too many
old wounds in the population and that is
why we are very skeptical
it is a huge gamble with a risk of
reigniting ethnic conflict here a
political process that will take an
enormous amount of delicate negotiation
from all parties involved
Sonia guy a go al Jazeera Brescia
