as thousands of migrants from Central
America make their way north
preparations are underway in San Diego
the largest port of entry in the US
Andrea Guerrero directs the immigrants
rights group Alliance San Diego we have
a robust shelter network on the other
side of the border and we have a robust
service network here on this side of the
border and so we will be coordinating
with our sister organizations to provide
assistance where needed
once the migrants reach the border they
can apply for asylum as refugees under
international law under US law anyone
who presents themselves at a port of
entry and asks for protection must be
provided an opportunity to present their
case immigrants rights lawyer
Elizabeth Camarena gives migrants in
detention free legal representation but
most have no attorneys to represent them
in a confusing legal process you're
talking cultural differences you're
talking linguistic differences you're
talking legal concepts even if they
understand that they are fleeing for
might not be able to articulate in the
legal terms that meet those requirements
advocates with years of experience
dealing with Central American migrants
agree on why they're coming all of them
share one thing in common
they are fleeing the violence in their
home country this is where the us-mexico
border plunges into the Pacific Ocean
now the migrants are still hundreds of
kilometers away from this spot but here
on this side of the border President
Donald Trump is using them to score
political points ahead of the US midterm
election he says many of the migrants
are hardened criminals and that they
somehow represent a kind of national
emergency Trump falsely claims the
opposition Democratic Party encourages
migrants and wants completely open
borders Trump is using an
using vulnerable people to advance his
own political agenda US agencies say
over the past 12 months most people
detained at the border were parents with
children or children traveling alone now
many more are on their way
rob reynolds al jazeera at the us-mexico
border
