will there be a nuclear-free North Korea
Kim jong-un says his faith in the u.s.
president remains unshaken Donald Trump
responds who will get it done together
can the denuclearization deadlock be
broken this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim Alberta a nuclear-free Korean
Peninsula before Donald Trump's first
term as in 2021 that's the latest
message to South Korean diplomats from
North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un's also
hinting at an official end to the Korean
War and agreeing to a third summit with
South Korea's president later this month
Rob mcbride has more from Seoul news
that this inter-korean summit will take
place had been expected nonetheless
confirmation of it has come as something
of a relief given the state of stalled
relations between Pyongyang and
Washington
South Korea's security chief chunga
Young has been briefing the blue house
the presidential office here in Seoul
and also the media the event will take
place in Pyongyang between the 18th and
the 20th of September Chung has also
reported that North Korea remains very
much committed to the whole process for
the denuclearization and the long term
peace of the Korean Peninsula
a state-run television in North Korea
has been showing the meeting between Kim
jong-un and the South Korean delegation
it has all been smiles and handshakes it
is also being confirmed that the South
Korean delegation has been given a
personal message from Kim jong-un to
convey to the Americans and to president
Donald Trump presumably this is a
message of goodwill expressing that
North Korea is still very much wanting
to continue the dialogue of peace can
continue the dialogue with Washington
but Chung did also express the view that
Kim jong-un is feeling a sense of
frustration that according to Kim it has
been North Korea that has made a lot of
the concessions such as the dismantling
of some of its nuclear testing sites and
that the international community and for
that you can read the United States has
not reciprocated in kind
so what's blocking progress in the
denuclearization discussions since Kim
and Trump's summit in June one sticking
point is the North demand for a peace
treaty to formally and the Korean War
the US thinks declaring an end to the
war could weaken the North
resolve to give up its nuclear weapons
the Americans say they've already made
concessions such as putting joint
military exercises with South Korea who
hold the north wall sanctions East and
Donald Trump blamed insufficient
progress in denuclearization for calling
of Secretary of State Mike pompiers
visit last month let's bring in our
panel joining us on skype from Vienna
Laura Rockwood executive director the
Vienna center for disarmament and
non-proliferation from Busan in South
Korea Robert Kelley professor of
political science and diplomacy at Pusan
National University and from Seoul
via Skype AC wan-koo publisher of the
Korea exposing Laura do you think that
the North Korea South Korea summit which
is going to be held by the end of this
month will help settle the nuclear
impasse I think it will contribute to a
possible settlement of the impasse I
think there are some conversations that
need to go on between the two Koreas
about their expectations of the
peninsula going forward so critically
the the bilateral relationship between
the two Koreas is very important I think
this idea of a peace agreement on the
peninsula is long overdue
and wouldn't be that difficult to
achieve but one would expect that given
that this is something that the North
Koreans are very interested in that the
US would want a quid pro quo for it
mmm-hmm Robert this is going to be the
third summits between North and South
Korean leaders is there any chance this
one would produce some sense of
breakthrough or do you think it's just
going to be part of the
confidence-building measure that has
been going on for quite some time well
it'll certainly be a part of the
confidence-building measures right I
mean more often the two Koreas meet the
more creates the sense of joint movement
on both sides that's one of the reasons
why the South Korean leadership I think
is pursuing these things I do think
there is a possibility of a breakthrough
but it's I think it's a small one
basically the Americans are not
satisfied that the North Koreans have
given up much in the last eight months
the North Koreans think they've given up
a lot and that's basically the impasse
the North Koreans want a peace treaty
the Americans think that's a large
concession that North Korea has not
earned it and I think probably the best
thing that could come from the next
inter-korean summit is that moon jaein
can get some kind of major concession
from the North Koreans to convince Hawks
and Seoul and documents the United
States that North Koreans are really
serious the North Koreans are prepared
to make a genuine strategic concession
see when this is the first time though
that Kim jong-un says that there's going
to be a time liner that he is somehow
confident denuclearization would happen
before the end of 2021 that statement on
its own could be could it be seen as
something quite significant well
certainly if you were to talk to the
South Korean government here they will
tell you that this is a very significant
statement in fact presidential
spokesperson even made a point of having
a separate meeting this afternoon to
emphasize the fact that Kim jong-un is
actually proposing a very specific
timeline and this is something that we
have not seen before it also goes to
underscore the kind of importance that
is being placed on the role of mr.
Donald Trump despite all of the
political problems he's having
domestically there seems to be
suggesting that North Korea does not
really think that any kind of agreement
can be reached if they were to deal with
the traditional Republican establishment
or even Democrats for that matter the
fact that mr. Trump is something about
is precisely what contributes to any
possible progress in this depolarization
process Laura what does it take to break
the impasse what do you think should be
the next step I think there need to be
some discussions about what is meant by
denuclearization I think president Trump
is operating under the misapprehension
that denuclearization means definitively
that the North Koreans will give up
their nuclear weapons I think that's a
long time in the coming and I think he
may be overly optimistic so I think it's
going to take some considerable
discussion about what do we mean by
denuclearization the North Koreans speak
about denuclearization of the entire
Peninsula I think president Trump is
thinking denuclearization needs no more
nuclear weapons in North Korea and I
think there need to be more nuanced
conversations between the two parties
and a greater specificity and agreement
on what they mean by these terms mm-hmm
bobert we're stuck into this dilemma
about how to move forward from a North
Korean perspective what should come
first is the security guarantees the P
the peace declaration and US troops
putting out from South Korea and the
stuff that that does not seem to be a
top priority for the Americans so how to
move out of this dilemma yeah like I
said I actually think it's quite
difficult to move out of that I think
the stalemate is actually rooted in a
very long strategic and political
division between the North Koreans and
and the United States I actually don't
think that this peace movement this year
is likely to result in a breakthrough if
anything it will probably the best I can
probably do is actually fall back to
sort of a small step process where the
United States and North Korea make a
series of small deals building towards a
substantial one that's probably the
best-case scenario the worst-case
scenario is that we fall back into
basically they Taunton container can
deterrence and containment of North
Korea like we've done for the last 70
years is the issues between the u.s. and
North Korea are gigantic it's hard to
solve them
in such a rapid period of time Donald
Trump was grossly unqualified to do this
he doesn't understand the issues he
doesn't prepare he came to Singapore
unready to really do this in a serious
way I do think the North Koreans are
pretty serious but the Americans are a
weak counterparty right now because the
white house is so disorganized it's
possible that one gene can get something
that can consult that will buy off Hawks
in Seoul and in Washington DC but it's
got to be something substantial the
North Koreans need to give up a warhead
or they need to show us something about
missiles they need to give us a
facilities list there's a lot of things
the North Koreans can do but the North
Koreans just haven't earned it yet this
summer I mean giving some m.i.a returns
back and family reunions these are minor
gestures these are not the kind of
strategic issues that might compare
wants to negotiate about okay see what
do you think well it was a failure to go
to the summit in Singapore without
setting out the framework of a genuine
clear political process that starts with
a and ends with Z well this is that
certainly what we have heard from
foreign media about the Singapore so
made I think there's a lot of criticism
about the fact that there doesn't seem
to be any concrete achievement that is
come out of this historic meeting
between Kim jong-un and Trump if you
were to look at the South Korean side
however they would disagree they would
say that what was really needed at this
point in time was a very strong gesture
with will between these two countries
that have been historically atolls with
each other and and that precisely is
what is going to contribute toward peace
but obviously what we're having problem
with now is determining the specifics of
how to move forward
how will North Korea really denuclearize
and what kind of concessions will United
States offer in return we have seen with
Mike Pompeo failed visit to Pyongyang
last time that North Korea is not
interested in giving up its nuclear arms
without having any specific guarantees
in place and that's really been to a
sore spot in this discussion moving
forward and the South Korean government
recognizes that the next step is really
to make sure that
North Korea at least has some concrete
gesture in place namely offering a list
of nuclear facilities that could be
opened up for inspection by the
international community and that
inveterate Americans also needs to offer
something in return as well which is
basically the declaration to end the
Korean War and not actually a peace
treaty that is premature to say at this
point but isn't this tricky Laura I mean
if you look at every direction it will
bring you back to square one Trump says
that he wants a complete
denuclearization that is very verifiable
and irreversible but then the question
again
how can you implement that you have to
first agree on what are the necessary
elements of denuclearization will they
agree to a moratorium on weapons testing
will they agree to a moratorium on
missile testing including satellite
launching will they then agree to
dismantle meant of their enrichment or
reprocessing facilities or at a minimum
to commit not to continue to operate
those facilities there are so many
issues that need to be resolved now
talking about them is a lot better than
where we were a year ago but make no
mistake these are not easy steps these
are not baby steps they're this complete
verifiable irreversible dismantlement
you won't hear the North Koreans using
that and so I think what's really
important is the verifiable part of it
and that's the unfortunate thing about
the the so-called destruction of the
test site and the missile test sites
that you need to have external bodies
verifying that the IAEA or whether they
decide but you need some external
verification not just assertion on the
part of the North Koreans about what
they they claimed to have done Robert
but then again the North Koreans would
say that they have done their own end of
the
of the deal like dismantling the test
site freezing the missile engine
facility and therefore they need the
Americans to reciprocate yeah that's
right and the United States can
reciprocate with some smallest gestures
also sanctions relief aid allowing South
Korean projects in North Korea to go
forward those are all small things that
the North Koreans have earned if you
will through these various actions but
as was said before by your other guests
right if it isn't verified it's hard to
really know so when they said they blew
up the test site for example well we
don't actually know that where you saw
an explosion on TV it could have just
been the entrance tunnel we don't
actually know there's also a lot of
suspicion that that test site was
basically corrupted because they've been
overused and if the North Koreans had
done it again the mountain would have
imploded and released radiation like
Chernobyl or something like that right I
mean this is why we need to have
external verification right the North
Koreans have cheated a lot in the past
strategic trust between the United
States and North Korea is very low to be
fair to the North Koreans United States
has also cheated on nuclear treaties
with rogue states most obviously with
Libya seven years ago or 10 years ago
right so there's low strategic trust on
both sides which is why these big grand
gestures are sort of denuclearization in
exchange for peace treaty these large
things they're just not going to happen
what we need to do is kick this back
down to the working-level and let
diplomats start making small steps and
build towards something more substantial
this is just not a big bang approach is
just not gonna work and once the
American elections hit after the
midterms the Democrats take the House of
Representatives and trumpism world and
investigations and scandal all this is
going to disappear in 12 weeks the Trump
administration is not going to be
talking about North Korea see what I
mean
you've just heard Robert talking about
the domestic implications of the deal
what might happen next do you think that
the South Korean president is taking all
those things into consideration and what
would be the options available for him
then absolutely I think that's precisely
why there has been such a sense of
urgency in South Korea in dealing with
the North Korean situation experts here
have been speaking time and again about
the importance of ensuring that this
process can be completed within a
reasonable time period because once mr.
Trump is losing his political capital
it's really difficult to say
what is going to happen we have seen
from the American political
establishment that they're very firmly
committed to the traditional approach to
dealing with North Korea namely ensuring
that sanctions remain very strong adding
to the pressure that is placed on the
North Korean economy so that Pyongyang
has no choice for deterrent and
essentially capitulate to the demands
made by the international community but
from the South Korean side there is this
understanding that perhaps this is not
the approach that has worked in the past
and it's not the approach that it's
going to work in the future and this is
a very small window of opportunity worth
looking at and it really very much
happens to coincide with mr. Donald
Trump's term as president
Laure against the backdrop of what has
been said so far don't you think that
the burden now falls on the South Korean
president to try to convince the North
Koreans about the need to agree on an
agenda for the talks about where to
start and where to end well it's a
shared burden but I think is singularly
motivated to do that and I think it's
going to take that for this process to
move further my fear however is that you
have both Kim jong-un and president
Trump thinking this is going to be the
solution to all the problems and they
might try to hurry up and get a deal
that won't be either complete verifiable
or irreversible in any respect and there
will be such a rush to get an agreement
that you may end up with a deal that's a
very bad deal all around from the point
of view of security so I think prison
will is uniquely motivated to make sure
that if there is a deal that it protects
South Korea's security interests as well
and the only way you can do that is by
getting North Korea to actually
negotiate on some of these issues that
it's been as rigid about as the United
States is then Robert so would it
ultimately boil down to by
teller talks between the North Koreans
and South Koreans that would break the
impasse and pave the ground for
comprehensive talks that would include
the Americans or do you think that this
issue in particular requires the help of
heavyweights in the region like the
Russians and the Chinese for example
yeah any kind of final status deal in
Korea will require at minimum the assent
of the two Koreas the United States and
the Chinese it would be nice if the
Japanese and the Russians agreed but
ultimately their peripheral players on
this it would be ideal
certainly Korean Patriots will tell you
that it should just be the two Koreas
that would obviously be a deal in my
opinion but given that China in the
United States are so vested here
realistically it's simply impossible I
think those are the four relevant
players right now it's really come down
with stalemate anything between the
United States and North Korea the South
Koreans can kind of play a bit of a
bridging role I think that's one of the
things moon is hoping to do when he goes
to Pyongyang right but like I said I
mean ultimately he's got to do is he's
got to get something that will convince
the Americans that this process is
leading towards denuclearization the
Americans are not interested in the date
on that the South Koreans are pursuing
with North Korea the United States
doesn't particularly think that's a good
idea
the United States really want is some
kind of arms control language from the
North Koreans right and we haven't
really gotten that I mean at least we
got that timeline by the end of the
Trump administration but you know we
don't still have we don't have a
facilities list we still don't have a
warhead I mean we you know we're missing
a lot right and you know and and family
reunions that's just that that kind of
stuff is just not real that's not
strategic and the North Koreans are kind
of dancing around the issue so we're
waiting mm-hmm see welcome but just
about a few months ago everyone thought
that the region could be on the brink of
a catastrophic confrontation now North
Korean leader Kim jong-un is talking
about turning the peninsula into a
cradle of peace and stability do the
South Koreans trust him when he says so
well this is an ideologically divided
country and certainly even in response
to the visit by special envoy to
Pyongyang yesterday you could see just
how the division plays out we have seen
welcoming messages coming from the
ruling party and
affection that represents the political
left they say this is an important
gesture on the part of North Korea
reaffirm its commitment to
denuclearization if you talk to the
conservatives they will say it's the
same old same old and really doesn't
change anything we need to see concrete
action and not just words but if you
were to look at what the government
itself is doing what the presidential
blue house is doing it is very clear
that the government takes it very
seriously and they do believe that there
is hope and one thing that really needs
to be mentioned at this point is the
process of denuclearizing North Korea
from the perspective of the presidency
is not just about this negotiation but
also about opening of North Korea to a
point of an economic reform and also
nurturing a certain sense of economic
dependence on the part of Pyongyang on
South Korea and to have Pyongyang taste
the rewards of what it's like to open up
and reform and liberalize and that's
where a lot of the attention has been
being paid at least on the part of the
government here but it's certainly not
getting a lot of attention outside South
Korea Laura if talks between North and
South Korean leaders collapse what would
it mean for the future of ji
nuclearization I think that could be a
real indication for progress having said
that as I mentioned I think president
Trump is so motivated to get a win
especially in light of what Robert
referred to that the current chaos in
the White House he's so looking for a
win that he might push forward anyway
one could imagine that kind of scenario
frankly speaking I think it's a little
naive to assume that Kim jong-un will
get rid of the single thing that got him
to the negotiating table anyway and
certainly not anytime soon
but I I think even if the South North
conversation falls apart I think Trump
is going to be I think he's going to be
trying to maintain that personal
relationship that he says he has with
with kim jonghwan and he will be
pressing for a win because he will need
one politically in the united states for
him to remain in office robert the if
you put yourself into the shoes of a
North Korean leader this someone who
should be now reading history books all
the countries before him that started
talks with the Americans about
dismantling their own programs be it
Iraq or Libya their leaders were
completely abandoned by the Americans so
I think he should in a way or another he
should be concerned I could be also
ditched by the Americans if I dismantle
my weapons absolutely there's a very
obvious reason where the North Koreans
built nuclear weapons Saddam Hussein
Milosevic Gadhafi yeah sure no it's a
great strategic choice for the North
Koreans to build weapons it's very
rational we don't like it but it's
pretty easy to explain why they have
them and this is also why they're not
going to give them up we shouldn't be
talking about complete denuclearization
and verifiable CVID we shouldn't be
saying those things in North Koreans are
not gonna do that
that creates artificial expectations
just like six months ago when people are
talking about the president getting a
Nobel Prize that was just preposterous
none of these things are gonna happen
right at best we're probably gonna get
is a freeze where North Korea is right
now maybe we can get some minor
rollbacks
maybe the North Koreans to give us a
couple of warheads we can cut them up
and look at them right maybe they'll
blowtorch some missiles for us or
something maybe we'll get them back in
the IAEA but these are minimal steps the
North Koreans are just not gonna give
all this stuff up the United States is
just not a credible partner the United
States as you said is sort of well done
deals in the past most obviously will
Libya I mean the North Koreans say that
to us all the time you know if Qaddafi
too had these things he'd still be alive
you guys cheated on a deal that analysis
is basically correct so both sides have
huge credibility problems those problems
are badly does worsened by the behavior
of the Trump administration Donald Trump
doesn't keep his deals he's been
cheating on his contractors and
creditors and everybody else for decades
he's probably gonna cheat on the North
Koreans to the North Koreans know that
this is the nothing very little is gonna
come of this and it's certainly not
gonna come of it in this sort of shotgun
marriage speed where everything is
taking place in eight weeks this whole
thing needs to slow down and go to the
expert level we have to leave it there
Robert Kelley see wan-koo Laura
awkward thank you very much indeed and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story for me hi Barbara
the whole team here bye for now
you
