Santiago's costanera Center is one of
Latin America's largest and most modern
shopping malls until recently it was
full of Argentines conspicuous because
they come with suitcases to shop til
they dropped now they're still
conspicuous by their absence
I can never know so true Argentina
represents 52% of our tourism maybe
we've been too dependent on them because
when they fall into their periodic
economic crisis the impact here is very
strong the fallout from Argentina's
currency crash has already reached Chile
arguably Latin America's most stable
economy
Carlos Vasquez is a chauffeur at a
five-star hotel for us the drop in
tourism will be terrible especially now
that the summer is coming
we cow in Argentina's to give us work
and the so called tango effect goes
further electoral and there is a direct
impact on a large number of Chilean
companies who've invested significantly
in Argentina their stocks have dropped
and so will their profits it also
affects trade because now it has become
more difficult to export to Argentina
while the overall impact may not be
devastating it comes at a very bad time
Chile's currency has dropped to a
two-year low because of the
international trade conflict and that's
sharply pushed down the price of copper
Chile's primary export unlike Argentina
the economy here is solid and much
better placed to ride out adverse
international conditions but in these
times of global interlinked economies
when a neighbor like Argentina gets
pneumonia Chile at the very least
catches a bad cold you see a human al
Jazeera Santiago
