it's in countless products on
supermarket shelves around the world
from chocolate and ice cream to soap and
shampoo chances are you'll use palm oil
today in Indonesia the world's largest
producer companies are acquiring new
plantations by any means necessary it's
wreaking havoc on the environment and
stripping farmers of their livelihoods
yep but no monologue any leiden young
linemen my name of a girl I get my
heroin over you own a toy now some
locals are fighting back I'm Steve Chao
on this episode 101 East investigates
the price Indonesia is paying to feed
the world's growing addiction to palm
oil across Indonesia deforestation has
reached an unprecedented scale millions
of hectares of rainforest have already
been cleared on the islands of Sumatra
and Kalimantan burning forests to the
ground is the cheapest way to clear land
the lucrative palm oil plantations in
2015 fires caused a blanket of toxic
smog to linger over Kalimantan for
months locals tried to put out the
flames but it was impossible a long
drought caused the fires to spread
quickly in the peat bogs air pollution
was four times the level considered
unhealthy by the government and
hospitals struggle to keep up with the
number of patients many infants were
evacuated from their homes as their tiny
lungs couldn't cope but behaves
researchers estimate that more than
90,000 Indonesians died from exposure to
the smoke
this devastation didn't stop the palm
oil industry pushing into new territory
in Papua in one region Meralco the
government permitted the destruction of
thousands of hectares of rainforest to
make way for palm oil plantations many
locals opposed the plan they claimed the
forest is theirs and they don't want it
turned into plantations yeah
locals have set up this sign to protest
against illegal logging
it reads stop the intimidation and theft
of our land
such protests could be too little too
late it's claimed palm oil companies
were responsible for many of the 2015
fires but few cases have been brought
against them in the province of Jumby on
sumatra police were able to prove arson
by confiscating a petrol canister as
evidence the Unilever supplier palm oil
company PT rkk was found guilty of arson
however in Kalimantan police are having
more trouble catching arsonists like
those responsible the setting fire to
this woman's land in Terry manages our
it is tiny hibiscus adding carbon gotta
disable astana
- hobby shop still she intends to stay
can I keep calm heart up and rose on my
happen car plague on capilla blooms on
Tokido never knew de maria anna indiana
but the pressure is mounting the demand
for palm oil is on the rise all over the
world
if it's to save the climate have
resulted in many countries increasing
the use of biofuels Indonesia subsidizes
every liter of biofuel and there are
plans to drastically increase the use of
palm oil in aviation fuel as a result
fuelled by billions of dollars of
investment is being turned over to palm
oil in news is full of reports of
protests against Wardian a farmer from
Bonilla was convicted of stealing palm
oil fruits he was sentenced to six
months in prison
can't you be in class schedule to get
there to determine really key that this
would have movement about Charlie Manuel
even forgot to do Sam the sudden
something family so bad below the data
responded it was a determined upon who I
am
hello everyone wanna see a pasta another
Torah
earlier this year he again found himself
in a confrontation with the palm oil
industry this time with PT seller Nakhla
dogmas a supplier of the palm oil
company PT Willmar the company is trying
to expand its plantations boom boom no
Han Garibaldi Bumbry nearing the luna
esta época Lima presenta Naga Lu ro li
mo % an Akita poppy knee Anya Pauline -
suppressant Wardian
is not the only one protesting a few
kilometers down the road there's another
dispute between local farmers and
another PT Wilma supplier
you know farmers can stand up to this
type of intimidation independent farmer
farmer Sheridan says it's hard not to
give him I can say you can burn and it's
approximate
then say a complaint to Al Hamra
melange it can then come beside the
piccolo enter pinchy the umbrella handy
booyah
half of Indonesia's palm oil plantations
are run by just 25 companies
among them are indonesian giants such as
cinemas salim group and rajaguru demas
14 of the 30 richest men in indonesia
make their billions by selling palm oil
they also dominate the real estate
business
tobacco food processing and some own
indonesian media these companies hold a
privileged position in Indonesia with
support from the government and the
press the big palm oil companies are
doing well in Indonesia but many small
growers are struggling far from the
powerful elites of the city's
independent palm oil farmer siddik lives
in a village in Jumby sumatra where he
owns one hectare of land he needs 8
dollars a day to feed his family and for
his children to go to school but it's
the quality of his harvest is poor he
barely makes seven dollars
how did you are on Teen Mom og -
vagabond semester on balloon balloon a
teetotum Abbado brass Mina Loula Camuto
on a it's were Kalaupapa a to me to the
rim or profit and on and hassle e to the
article musically the chapel
Rudy mannina
tubulin a to Cali but if you blood
Ovalle
e to be the bully brother Yamaha
Liberato blue keloid a jump i anot was
cola plus teager's a - he took my ransom
part cutting alarm do around karana Pato
cutting Alistar India bolos muscles cola
Guernica one young white boy
colliding area but no you don't devour
wronged us
even worse off are the farmers who don't
own any land instead they work as day
laborers on the palm oil plantations
none of them have work contracts or
insurance Branca Peggy Antigua belong
EMT kasoori in Managua me : Kissimmee
each day this worker has to harvest
three hectares of the palm oil fruit
spread 12 sacks of fertilizer and remove
weeds on one hectare of land if she
falls short of that her pay is cut
sometimes she only earns $2 a day
the palm oil plantations have completely
changed rural life in Indonesia
most people are now dependent on the
industry to survive as Indonesia
supplies more and more palm oil to the
world the industry faces accusations of
land rights abuses and destroying the
environment in response palm oil
companies together with the World
Wildlife Foundation founded the round
table for sustainable palm oil or RSPO
an RSPO certificate is supposed to
guarantee transparency throughout the
palm oil supply chain from plantation to
factory but things on the ground can be
very different this Factory PT a green
dough in de pasado
is RSPO certified
Moe Ianto is a small farmer who supplies
it with palm oil fruits
oh honey again I'm out the Khimki IP
edit Rima more copy this Altima younger
and younger
hello mr. Lana what asanga busuu Sargon
Manta you do pass the dream to my bottle
man
the fruits are sold
right after harvest they must be
processed within 24 hours
oil calm fruits from all the other
farmers in the region are piled together
with Molly on toes a distributor buys
all of the stock and pays the farmers
directly the oil palm fruits are mixed
up and delivered to the factory
the factory won't allow us to film so we
use a hidden camera to verify what male
Anto have told us
the results of our investigation all the
fruits are accepted and mixed up nobody
seems to care where they come from or
how they are grown there's no way of
tracing the origin of these palm oil
fruits but the RSPO certifiers and large
buyers such as neste oil and Unilever
claim that 60% of palm oil comes from
traceable and sustainable production
they also claim that work safety
standards are upheld under our SPO
certification as our environmental
controls including the banning of the
toxic pesticide paraquat however my aunt
who knows nothing about these
regulations he uses Perl and can't
afford to buy protective clothing at
risk
president Joko Widodo his government
says it's concerned about the future for
small palm oil farmers and the decline
in the yield of their plantations but
there's a difference of opinion between
the country's leaders and the farmers on
how to keep small growers viable and
competitive in a prepared land Bigelow
Sudha good day miss Lucia Telepan thorn
perfect pan CP oh yes Anja young Japan
is Caribbean Ito Bonilla Judah to Apple
ooh to approve my power into Anna Prabha
lambda D California saw it satu hater
it's a Makita malaria and whoa Amitabh
EIA EIA so it's a traitor he took a loan
to profit and rolling Amir Papo de Lima
Lima Lima saw the Moussa to her gooniac
orangutan ad young do a toast to Appa
Lou took it to buy a tea till tomorrow
okay ketta poignant okay animal needy I
to proponent a heating element in Lima
bulu
buddy-buddy aconitine laggy malleable
Aggie laulima bulu the man pooh-bah
Villa alemana Lima glory boo
but umbopo do in yoga Treviso me do
Covino a car
you're going to be savvy so I can let
you go no apologies Emily machine
Carlos eternity Sabatini pendulum saya
akan / gravity kakarrot gravity co-opt
erotica cacao prepare Akiko Paula
not all Indonesian farmers buy into the
promise that palm oil will lead to
greater prosperity
millions have chosen to continue with
their traditional farming practices
these villages in the Samarkand province
of Jumby cultivate their land as they
have done for hundreds of years
our tick explains the three principles
of their farming anymore so they are
punishable you can look it up onion
padded away because they weigh that
mentality Solomon except I wouldn't get
too much' makan California tiger man say
aah aah
Calhoun to Bhutan me topo Minj along a
new arena below ana júlia - teenie my
man thinking - I'll tell you not to
oppose a PA but Kubo Jung GIGO Teddy
para caliper Gardo button SI saket
I need you at the progress a beluga Nadi
you about Misawa papa buggy bog yep ok a
success growing palm oil fruits is not
sustainable and other crops provide a
livelihood for generations hello baby
Sawa makhani Mort marking back goes Kyle
you saw it a bit - Kim I can't go with
you
todos teruko Jimbo Jimbo do a hernia
base color Sawa Calcutta boat rose gol
true zealot Rose ain't elected a Sega
need to lie in Teen USA Oh auntie Angela
Havana
the farmers tell us palm oil companies
have tried repeatedly to acquire this
land - but without success the communal
law of the village forbids the
conversion of forest into palm oil
plantations anyone who breaks these laws
is banished from the village
1,500 kilometers away on another
Indonesian island Kalimantan the direct
people have also resisted palm oil
plantations in this village locals
believe that the forest is home to the
gods they consider the forest to be holy
and they won't allow anyone to destroy
it
but that doesn't stop representatives of
palm oil companies from coming here
regularly making big promises to locals
trying to tempt them we're in a pickle
and you can do that you cook the
lieutenant suda2 the tuku did he marry
conga got very picky Rakhal america to
depart one Banja tap-in hootenanny to
have a scan a purty mahogany
can such hootenanny consumer kid open
boggy camisa to petty money - yep upon a
lasagna say Machamp an telugu tamil
kanaka Hooton the dear Papa tewara mrs.
Kapoor Shaad dilute our Khanna Divina a
Pascal Amish are the Janica Nene to
master akazawa skelita did our response
but for many small palm oil farmers like
sitting there is no alternative
yep monologue any line alignment money
what they are like 18 heroin over you
need oil
global demand for palm oil is projected
to double by 2020 to feed this addiction
Indonesia will need to sacrifice more
land
this means the fight for some farmers is
far from over
you
