a desperate search for the missing after
a powerful earthquake hits northern
Japan in the early hours of the morning
damaging towns and cutting power to
millions across the island three
reactors at the tamari nuclear plant
were running on backup generators
landslides were triggered in dense
forests on a mountainside of the rural
town of atsumi covering homes a relief
and rescue command center has been set
up a kind of holding up there I've heard
reports such as people having cardiac
arrests landslides collapsed buildings
and large scale blackouts saving
people's lives is a utmost priority
while the government deals with the
disaster relief we will deal with this
crisis
the government's deployed thousands of
troops to help with the rescue operation
the quake also shut down all
transportation services including the
airport in Hokkaido telephone lines and
mobiles are down it's been a difficult
week for Japan on Tuesday typhoon Debbie
the most powerful to hit Japan and 25
years killed at least 10 people the
largest airport had to be evacuated in
the wake of the storm and millions lost
power in various cities now people are
left to deal with another natural
disaster Japan sets on the Ring of Fire
of volcanoes and oceanic trenches
experiencing around 20% of the world's
earthquakes of magnitude 6 and higher
very well prepared for natural disasters
you may have noticed that we've had
quite a few lately and that's not
terribly unusual for Japan it's a
natural disaster country but at the same
time there's not much preparation you
can do when a when a mountain collapses
on two homes so clearly they're gonna
need to bring out equipment that can
unburied the houses and that's going to
take time so it's probably going to be
quite a bit of time before we know
exactly how many people died in those
landslides and as the people affected
wait to hear about their loved ones
there are fears of aftershocks or even
another serious earthquake that
seismologists warned could strike at any
time
Scheherazade gufu al-jazeera
