the Emirates plane had 521 passengers on
board during the 14-hour flight from
Dubai to New York the u.s. Center for
Disease Control says as many as 100
people reported feeling sick
very very deep intense pecks month for
New York's mayor says the flight stopped
in the Saudi Arabian city of Mecca which
is experiencing a flu outbreak the plane
a double-deck Airbus 380 landed in New
York at around 9:00 in the morning local
time and was immediately taken to an
area away from the terminal as
passengers disembarked their temperature
was taken somebodies temperature is
higher direction my temperature is not
more than 99 in response to the sickness
on board the dubai-based airline tweeted
Emirates can confirm that about 10
passengers on ek 2:03 from Dubai to New
York were taken ill on arrival as a
precaution they were attended to by
local health authorities it later
emerged that seven out of the ten people
taken to hospital were crewmembers
passengers say the experience was
surreal
luggage they were masks and gloves and
the knot was we the passengers who no
one offered us at the airport the most
so that was many rather weird health
officials in New York a processing test
to find out why people fell ill they say
symptoms point to the flu
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
