the leaders of the protest movement said
it was going to be their biggest show of
force yet their predictions of hundreds
of thousands fell short nevertheless the
streets of colombo were choked for
several hours with protesters from
communities throughout sri lanka they
came to the financial heart of the
capital to deliver their message to the
government that they want change the tax
burden and the difficulties we are
facing that brought us here we came
voluntarily spending our own money to be
here we came here because we want
Mahinda Rajapaksa back he's the only one
who can deal with the country's problems
Mahinda Rajapaksa is leading the
opposition campaign he was president for
nine years and the scene as a hero by
many for ending the almost 30-year long
civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels he
lost the 2015 election to form a Health
Minister Maitre palace said the same
after accusations of human rights abuses
and corruption president said asana and
the government were seen as a fresh
start but critics say they failed to
deliver on many election promises there
are many things working in Mahinda
Rajapaksa Staver right now there are the
everyday issues that have brought people
onto the streets combined with what's
perceived to be a weak unstable
government enter someone who's regarded
as the strong man of Sri Lankan politics
who clearly sees an opportunity the
government says it is achieving goals
but needs more time Mahinda Rajapaksa
son who's seen as a potential future
leader of Sri Lanka says time is up for
the government's change where they get
higher height their to pay higher tax
I'm sure I'm sure the people doesn't
want a change there all their
construction is stopped they're losing
jobs and that the unemployment rate is
going up Mahinda Rajapaksa is calling
for political change but he's barred
from becoming president again because of
the constitutional to term limits but as
he proved when he was in power the
Constitution can be changed and he
clearly still enjoys plenty of support
Wayne hey al Jazeera Colombo
