I am for me okay and you're in the
stream the UN agency providing
assistance to millions of Palestinian
refugees is facing the biggest crisis in
its 70-year history after the u.s.
announced it will no longer make funding
contributions
I'm Malika ballade today we'll consider
what this means for those in need
send us your comments in your questions
and I'll pose them to our panel as
always at AJ stream more than five
million Palestinian refugees in the
occupied Palestinian territories Jordan
Lebanon and Syria are waiting to see how
UN services they rely on will be
affected now that the US has stopped all
future contributions the US has long
been the biggest funder to the UN agency
known as Unruh it granted more than
three hundred and sixty four million
dollars to the organization and 2017 but
on Friday the US State Department called
Unruh and irredeemably flawed operation
while announcing future contributions
will be canceled those costs to Umrah
came just a week after the u.s.
cancelled 200 million dollars in direct
assistance to Palestinians through its
USAID agency take a look at how the cuts
to amorous budget could affect some
services
for more on this we are joined by unrest
postman chris ganas he joins us from
Moscow from Gaza we have in Sima abou
hello she's a dental student at al-azhar
university Gaza and has received Unruh
assistance in the past and right here in
our studio Mohammed Eid he's a graduate
student on a joint program of the
University of North Carolina and Duke
University and he has worked as an
education specialist at Unruh hello
everybody it's really good to have you
here Chris we reeled off a whole lot of
stats and figures and what the impact
might be but if we go beyond those
figures into real people's lives what
difference does it make that the u.s. is
no longer going to give money to um
raise an agency well I'm sure that both
intima and Mohammed will talk about the
humanization of this story because I
have to say one of the joys about this
program is that we can talk to some real
refugees because the humanity has been
taken out of this discourse as if we're
talking about numbers on a spreadsheet
or something shann I think it's
important to we historically have to
learn the history going back to 1948
what happened how one was created what
UNRWA's created for I think we have to
recontextualize I think it's important
to understand we talked about blockades
in Gaza that's gone on for over a decade
there's a more than 50 year occupation
Israeli occupation in the West Bank and
more than seven years of one of the most
brutal conflicts of our age in Syria and
it's in that context that in these
terrible things are being done to
individuals people with an individual
dignity and a destiny and a humanity
that really has to be respected and I
hope that as this program develops we
can actually begin to get under the skin
of the humanity of your two other guests
because it's real lives as I think we're
going to discover that are being
profoundly affected by these decisions
in foreign capitals and to do just that
Chris I want to start with this tweet
from Abdul Rahim he says trance decision
to cut all aid to Unruh which serves 5.4
million Palestinian refugees is meant to
liquidate the Palestinian refugee cause
so to hear from someone who would be
affected by that that liquidation as
they call it is a person we got a video
coming from we actually receive
several video comments from young people
who went to unrest schools in their
youth and this is Abdul Karim he's a
translator and a writer who sent us this
comment from the Jabalia refugee camp in
North Gaza have a listen I was born and
raised in Jabalia refugee camp which is
only one kilometer square with over
120,000 people living in that small area
crowded area so on our schools were the
only shelter that we take - we escaped -
as we studied their blade there have fun
there
even after we finished school we would
go to the school to play there because
in the refugee camp there is no place no
there's no space left for children
students to play there so it's a short a
real shock and it will increase our
suffering so raha meant for a bit Kareem
here this is more than just about school
this was actually a place of refuge for
him can you relate to that absolutely
and I would like to start by making it
clear that I wouldn't be speaking on
behalf of an organization or anyone
besides myself beside me Mohammed the
refugee who grow up in Rafah refugee
camp southern of Palestine exactly as
has been mentioned by the carrier the
refugee camp is that all the whole life
we have experienced school when we talk
about schools and education program
actually receives 2/3 almost two-thirds
of the UN budget it's not just about
schools those places have been used as
shelters during conflict during military
assaults as the places where people
evacuate to the the men that had a
department the mental health counselors
of those schools they provide the only
almost only free health mental health
care service for children for a quick
question - my view on intima we talk
about Unruh as if it was the beginning
and the end of your horizon because
frankly as we just heard from that clip
and from you now you know an unreduced
be where your horizons end and actually
when I look at Gaza as somebody looks
who lives outside Gaza
your horizons are being
shrunken you deserve to have your full
political rights you deserve to live in
a place which isn't under blockade which
doesn't have the restrictions which
doesn't end with a fence just a few
kilometers or hundred meters away do you
understand that
you know the limits of your horizons
should be far beyond Unruh you know some
people in your position around the world
young people their horizons are in
foreign capitals and you know careers
and all sorts of different places and in
Gaza for yourself and I know you're not
there now but for intimate also in sea
isn't your horizons a shrunken and that
will be so sad Intimus knowing as you're
speaking into me let me show you this
picture not you've also add guests as
well this is you at school and let me
just think I think you're down here
holding a certificate to tell us what's
happening in this picture where are you
what's happening well I want to show my
personal experience as an honorable
graduated student uh durables in my life
is not short term on its life long
in 2010 I was selected to represent
Palestine in an international human
rights program to provide as held by
owner was stopped in our way
this program has wasn't just a passing
experience it was alive in one month I
got to know about human rights new
cultures new friends a new knowledge
this experience has given me the voice
the big allowed to ask for my rights and
abode in my future goal and not just
that and will have given me the chance
also to apply for an international
scholarship called micro access
scholarship to improve my English
language skills my social responsibility
and my leadership skills and our
engagement in this experience I was
collecting again to be or be sensing
Palestine in an international rarity
program in Iowa and now I write the
stories behind the numbers Innova has
made me who I am today which is our
sparking confidence social human rights
activist writer and a dental students a
great mixture that I'm supposed to be an
appeal we are sorry for the students who
can't have these experiences we can't
engage in these opportunities because
it's after the cutting of these funds on
Iran intamin that's really not
such a beautiful thought and I have to
say folks that really illustrates the
fact that Palestinian kids can be
citizens of the world they aspire to all
the things you've just heard intimate
talk about and the tragedy is that you
know one of the governments that stands
for empowerment in young women having
opportunities in human rights in you
know being people achieving their full
potential
that seems to be the very government
that's limiting this and putting
restraints and financial caps on unruhe
you know what a huge irony there are
people like Mohammad like intima who can
really achieve extraordinary potential
and indeed are against all the odds but
think how much more they could achieve
Wow if Unruh wasn't in this terrible
financial situation sorry no Kristin I'm
glad you raised that because I wanted to
bring in this tweet from someone whose
handle is this is Raza they write I do
believe unruhe has been used by the
international community to manage the
occupation the UN has done very little
to help end the Israeli occupation this
person says Palestinians need real
change to the way Unruh is managed to
provide sustainability and real
protection from the occupation so
Mohammed take this on for us it's a
little bit of criticism here they're
saying of the UN in general but they're
saying the issue here is that people are
forgetting this is about the occupation
this isn't just about one country
removing its funding well it's
absolutely it's no different factors and
factors contributing to the crisis I'm
touching back on what crests have
mentioned the owner isn't the end the
end goal for us definitely I wouldn't be
leaving my family behind and coming here
to the US if the owner or the refugee
camp is all I have in my life what
scares me most is that where I started
and the thing I'd like I'm proud of
mentioning is that where I started with
the owner and what I have ended I'm now
in two of the most prestigious
universities in the US and I'm lucky
enough to be doing this program I
started from the refugee camp being the
the young small kid running in the camps
trees living in this small house and I
have received those services I have
received important but how about the
newer generation
will they receive the same empowerment
when I think about it I'm even more
lucky than the new generations my times
have been better than their times now
thinking about different factors yes
absolutely working in the humanitarian
field we have always been instructed to
ignore politics to focus on her material
effectiveness how to deliver a better
how to focus on human terian aid but at
the same time we can't ignore politics
we can't ignore the fact that it's
occupation have you said as you said but
then again the you and as United Nations
Relief and Works Agency how much can
they do work related to politics I would
love to get out from Chris let me put
I'll take from them let me just put this
to you I want to show you a graph of who
is contributing to amaura as in Tamara
and as Mohammed as you're telling us
there's so much more than just food aid
or coupons there's education there's
health that's building up but the
economy as well and helping people with
small businesses but look at this this
is what the US was complaining about
they were complaining about the millions
that they contribute and look at the
rest of the international community the
EU is way behind Germany UK Sweden Saudi
Arabia Japan Switzerland they were
complaining that they were having to
give all the money most of the money
looking at that graph Chris it's staring
us in the face look let's be clear about
this in the last eight months since
January since we heard the news about
the Trump administration we have raised
238 million it was an unprecedented ly
successful fundraising campaign 50
million from Saudi 50 million from the
Qataris 50 million from the UAE we have
gone out folks have done exactly what we
were asked to do by the Americans find
alternative donors and we have done that
we found 238 million and guess what they
don't think that our programs are
irredeemably flawed they gave us all
that money because they believed in us
they know that we are one of the most
tests for you history of the Middle East
they had a full confidence in us and I'd
like also and I'd like to hear what
internal also as well as Mohammed
about this the point that came in that
to me before which is that politically
the UN and the international community
have let down the people of Gaza and the
West Bank and Palestinians in Jordan and
Syria and in Lebanon appallingly um is
the result or political failure we are
here doing what we're doing because the
political s Long's have failed to
resolve the problems that the refugees
have to fail they fail to resolve the
underlying problems the blockade the
occupation
you know the dispossession after 72 the
Palestinians these things have to be
addressed I think that gets to the heart
of that tweet and that gets the heart of
the dilemma that Mohammed was pointing
to the Unruh provides humanitarian
assistance Whishaw and political actor
family I'd like to mention a point
touching on that thing since we're
speaking numbers it's a true that the US
has been the largest donor during the
past few years for therefore the on Iran
but it's also important to put that into
the bigger picture the u.s. foreign aid
budget is one percent of the federal
budget which is around fifty billion
dollars that's a foreign budget that
goes all over the world what goes to the
owner work is only here on the sixty
million dollars which is it's zero point
zero zero seven percent or the foreign
points then it's the amount have a look
here at this this tweet this is from
January so you had plenty of warning
that this was going to happen Chris
Donald Trump says we pay the
Palestinians hundreds of millions of
dollars all caps yelling this out a year
and get no appreciation or respect I
have no idea what kind of appreciation
and respect he asked for but I would ask
a question that I would ask one question
well does the largest foreign aid in the
US history goes to it goes in military
aid to Israeli army that perpetuates the
problem of Palestinian refugees so
paying four billion dollars a year to
the Israeli army while paying three
hundred and sixty million dollars are
complaining about respect this is unfair
pick up on what you said about
perpetuating the problem Chris I just I
want to bring this in because Mohamed
mentioned perpetuating the problem and I
wanted to raise what some of our
community members are saying will do
just that this is
this is Gaza who says three of my kids
go to unrest schools they provide good
education if these schools closed I
can't afford to send them to private
schools and public schools are already
overcrowded some I hear have three
different shifts the consequences are
catastrophic that's just one person
another person sent us a video comment
saying that this is really more than
just schools
this is aya she's a graduate of Islamic
University of a salsa and this is what
she told us it was my honor to be a
student in all our schools for nine
years
those years were enough to teach me the
meaning of loyalty to honored work when
we found support and motivation as a
student it didn't only offer us
educational services but it also offered
us entertaining and medical services
through medical check-ups from time to
time and summer camps program where
students could spend a great time and in
this verification all of what also
offers its services for a big number of
employers here in Gaza Strip not all the
students so we are so sorry for what's
happening right now and I wish Oliver
can continue it's a great work because
all of us need up in tonight she
mentions the provision of medical
services and medical check-ups things
that people may not think about you are
in medics Medical School now what do you
make of that as you mentioned before
there are 3.5 million six people that go
for honorless clinics to get medical
care and officer cutting response many
people won't be able to get their
medical care
because of the lack of medications so
for us other general offers the dental
specialists Jennsen special needs a lot
of medications need a lot of tools needs
a lot of sources our current expenses so
offering them is an accessory to
complete housing many other people and
officers at Cogswell's many tools won't
be able to be offers for many people so
yes this is going to be catastrophic
good answer good question I mean here
you are you know you're a medical
student you've got a career but a life
of head ahead of you where does your
future line do you think I mean you're
doing this studying but what for
well after graduation I'm thinking of
traveling outside to England and have my
master's degree in endodontics and then
coming back together and like reading my
knowledge and trying to help people here
well I'll get back there you know this
this really touched on something I keep
saying you know this sort of slogan I
use you know for many Palestinian kids
and Unruh education is a passport to
dignity here we have Mohamed at Duke
University one the best universities in
the world you know we have we have
intimacy she's gonna graduate she's
gonna come and study I think she said or
the dental orthodontists real something
I mean you know here are two people who
show exactly what I'm talking about an
honour education is a passport to
dignity and yet we have a government one
of our major donors who thinks that it's
excusable to deny them this park
passport for dignity fronting on the
gravities Christ let's talk
practicalities I want to get a to
residents of Gaza who are wondering how
are they going to manage if there's so
much less in the Umrah budget I haven't
listened to what they had to say if
these supplies are stopped
that means you destroy Palestinian
families because we are refugees we live
off this UN coupon more than 70 or 80
percent depend on this coupon there is
no income for Palestinians cousins are
in permanent unemployment there is no
work or life in Gaza we all count on
unruhe
how can they cut the aid and deprive us
those children who go to school how will
they buy notebooks pens bags and school
outfits their parents can barely afford
pencils some days they go to school
without an allowance of even one shekel
yeah thanks thanks thanks Chris that's
why we played them let me just ask me
Mohammed Mohammed what do you think
might happen
Femi you know those are the people who
are being sanctioned by this policy
you're talking about orphans your team
I'm talking about vulnerable women and
children for the first time
sanctioning the weakest amongst us
history will remember and Palestinians
they reacting to that you know what
they're doing not so blissful they're
setting themselves on fire people the
setting yes that's what is happening
recently people attempted to do the
add-on or headquarter in Gaza Steph if
life is going to be this way they don't
want to enjoy life anymore they don't
want to have life history we remember
that people set themselves on fire to
make it easier for for politicians to
make it bearable for others we're
leaving this world if it's gonna be this
way if it's gonna be unfair to that
extent refugees they're the weakest
among us they can't take initiative they
can't implement solutions we don't refer
to the weak to the disempowered to take
action in such crisis which is why you
have this from our hero our Mariah who
says this is a true test for the
countries that support Palestine if they
will step up and fill in the deficit gap
or fall through Sarah here has another
pot she says those involved with
creating the environment in Palestine
should be responsible for the continued
funding of unwrap since the Trump
administration strategy is about putting
Palestinians in a corner it should fall
under other Western powers like the
United Kingdom to continue funding Chris
where does your hope lie for those who
can pick up the slack I love the first
thought in Sarah's tweet by the way and
I love the clips which tweet to the
context because what we're seeing is the
D contextualizing those two women were
talking about the wider context in which
they work and I think that one of the
problems with the discourse with the
Trump decision and all that's gone on
around it is that we're losing sight of
the context we need to recontact you
guys omaha talks about our history it's
about history because here we have an
attempt to airbrush out of history 70
years of what has happened to
palestinians and the fact that Unruh was
specifically created not UNHCR the UN
created Unruh specifically to look after
this this population until there is a
resolution of their refugee status and
what we're seeing is a political attack
on their refugee status and
simultaneously a financial attack on the
organization that should be looking
after them until that refugee status is
resolved so there's this pincer movement
in which both intima and Mohammed and
other refuge
in Gaza and other places are frankly
trapped I'm just looking here at a tweet
from nikki Haley Haley is the USA's
representative in the United Nations and
back in June of last year she went to an
armored refugee camp and she took the
girls and the women about their lives
that hopes their dreams this looks like
a very affable visit and then Arnie
armored says thank you for the visit I
hope you will work on the application
for UN resolution 194 which guarantees
our rights to return to our homes and
then have a look at what nikki Haley
said more recently do you agree with
that the right I do agree with that I
think we have to look at this in terms
of what's happening in Syria what's
happening in Venezuela what's happening
in other parts of the world and how we
treat refugees and how we're gonna look
at that going in the future so I
absolutely think we have to look at
write a return so that was just August
the twenty-eighth Mohammed listening to
this idea of maybe have to rethink this
rights of return idea do you think
that's perhaps behind the whole
defunding well absolutely it's not this
way I mean this discrepancy between
between the international law and those
the resolutions and then what is being
said and what is being done this will
undermine the whole law or rule of law
the whole international law system this
way of jail
we have always we have always been
taught this golden rule of trade no aid
you cannot trade aid you cannot trade
fund for political reasons and for the
first time in history when that happens
was a country that is globally seen as
the United States government when that
happens for the first time that
undermines the whole law system the
whole international humanitarian system
around the world you can imagine how
countries would react after that wants
it something like this is initiated by
government like the US government I want
to leave you a couple of pictures of two
of our guests
this is Mohammed receiving an award for
his work that he did with Umrah
literally a poster child for Umrah and
then we have in Tamihere
her picture which gives you a sense of
what it is the Unruh can do in terms of
education a whole generation or
generations of Palestinians and others
around the Middle East and Malika where
do you want to end our conversation with
through tweets from you in employees
Leila here says matter Nasir is a
Palestinian refugee who attended schools
run by Unruh in the Gaza Strip he spent
the past 30 years being a humanitarian
working for the UN he tweets in why this
is important it's more than jobs and
services it's health and Confirmation
that injustice hasn't won the real
stories behind this short for at Unruh
that's the UN agency that looks after
Palestinians and and people around the
Middle East thank you so much for
watching we continue at AJ stream
