some political analysts say Burundi's
recent problems began three years ago
when President Pierre currencies are
announced he was running for a third
term the Constitutional Court ruled in
his favor protesters took to the streets
they said current Issa was violating the
Constitution which then limited
presidents to no more than two terms in
office security forces violently
dispersed protesters killing some
injuring and arresting others some army
officers organized a coup when current
Issa was at a summit in neighboring
Tanzania but it failed the government
shut down some privately-owned radio
stations accusing him of participating
in the overthrow attempt tens of
thousands of civilians continued to flee
to Tanzania Rwanda and the Democratic
Republic of Congo meanwhile currencies
are pushed ahead with plans to stay in
power in July that year he won a third
term in the presidential election with
70 percent of the votes many in the
international community say the election
was marred by violence and intimidation
and tried to intervene the African Union
wanted to send in 5000 troops to protect
civilians two years ago the Burundi
government refused to accept outside
interference the European Union
suspended direct financial aid to the
Burundian government in protest against
the violence in defiance Burundi became
the first country to officially withdraw
from the International Criminal Court
shortly after the pullout last October
ICC judges announced they were
investigating whether they've been
crimes against humanity in Burundi and
why at least 1200 people were killed in
the last three years the streets of
Bujumbura are now quiet there be no
major protests in a while
opposition leaders say that's because
many of their supporters have fled or
are scared local groups such as people
attached to the ruling party the in
Bonner occurring which is the ruling
party's youth wing are taking land of
people taking property of people and
doing so in a climate of total impunity
because the government will
tact against them because these are the
people in 2015 who went on the streets
beat protesters and so forth and so the
government feels it owes these people
the Burundian government in high
security forces targeted government
critics leaders of the ruling party say
many people have returned from exile but
aid workers and human rights workers say
many remain too afraid to return home
Hara Mutasa al-jazeera
