three days of demonstrations in Yemen
came as a forerunner to the latest
developments on Geneva peace talks
the people here are calling for some
help because of another enemy in this
conflict
Yemen's crippled economy the Norwegian
Refugee Council says food prices and the
collapse of Yemen's currency that
slumped to its lowest ever value against
the dollar on Tuesday are threatening to
kill more people than bombs and guns but
it was the deaths of children in the
Saudi emirati coalition LED bombing last
month that killed 40 children 29 of them
on a school bus that prompted the
coalition's main ally the United States
to respond
we can't ever see innocent people killed
under the auspices of trying to settle a
dispute since then we certainly gave our
concerns to Saudi Arabia I will tell you
that we appreciated the transparency of
them saying they were going to do an
investigation we were concerned but they
surprised us all because they did the
investigation very quickly came out and
admitted fault and said they would you
can't totally make it right with
families but said that they would do
something to try and do that and then
followed up by saying they're gonna try
and figure out what went wrong and how
they can make it right no mention there
of UN calls for the u.s. to stop
supplying arms to Saudi Arabia
in Yemen that people have to try to move
on but it's impossible when even civil
servants who haven't been played for two
years are reduced to begging for food
share via your Annie
people are suffering from the prices
hike inside the cities people cannot
find enough to eat this is why they are
protesting they want to send a clear
message to the legitimate government in
Aden political powers have been calling
for civil disobedience shops banks and
exchange offices closed down as part of
the protests the temporary Governing
Council which has the backing of the
United Arab Emirates called on citizens
to demonstrate against peace talks that
don't include its members another twist
that doesn't buy dwell for the un-led
efforts at getting peace talks going the
council issued a statement reiterating
its opposition to the talks due to be
held in Geneva on Thursday aimed at
trying to reach some sort of settlement
in this crisis and so the demonstrations
haven't just been about humanitarian
suffering but also political issues
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera Djibouti
