well the story starts since second
intifada as mm like 12 years ago and the
settlers start to or try to afford him
to buy our jobs and house the first of
afford it was six million dollars and
then my father tell December that I
don't need to sell then she told him sis
mom does it okay and after that you know
from rich people and Australia I don't
want to tell names they send lots of
people took my father try also make your
aunt initiation why
you know the sha'ban house and two men
came to my father and they told him that
we're from damn and communities he sent
us to you to buy your mini shop my
father tells him that there's a six
million dollars I was sure enough for
they tell him thirty million so then my
father say no it's it's not good price
my year house and shop cost a lot then
they told him what about forty million
dollars so the shake him up
Kem's up you know he comes up ten
million dollars just like that you know
so they tell him more about forty
million dollars and my father said no it
cost a lot so they tell him that's our
last support but not for more work two
million dollars it's a lot for us if you
don't want that's okay so my father's
say no
and after that since like four five
years after this court it was
cheburashka it was holy day for Jewish
so in their holidays were not allowed to
open shocks and house we're not allowed
to be here so my father was behind this
door right here and opened there and he
was in that window and from the window
you look at people like encounter
customers how many customers if he's
allowed to oven and two men came to him
and they told him are you up the
wrongfulness it so we they give him the
full name we say yeah it's me what do
you want to say that man you know one of
the message that we wants to buy your
home he said okay
welcome so he let him to enter to the
house but they tell us the soldiers came
to you know control or you know they
enter with them and they say what about
hundred million dollars my father say
wow it's a big number I can't refuse
this day let's make it first let me show
you the house and then feel why they say
you know we're gonna buy it anyway we
don't need to see we just wanted my
father said no let me show you to you
and then let's make do so they enter in
the home the house and they ask him okay
we liked it we wants to try so my father
told hundred million dollars okay I'll
make the deal but first you see this
wall right here they said yes you say
each soon these will post a million
dollars they have enough money for it
they say no we don't they say it goes
like that if you want they said no we
don't want to go so he says each stone
cost one hundred million dollars dollars
and there's a lot of stones here yeah so
they say we don't want to buy my father
awesome okay let me ask a question
the safety welcome to say my house total
it cost couple of thousands why do you
want to buy for it wait why you wanna
pay for it millions they say it's a
prime place and we wants to find near
optimum and you know religious reasons I
don't know if they really religious but
anyway they say because our own place my
father tell them okay I respect that but
I feel and I believe that I am father
I'm our home son and grandson T so I'll
never sell my father place for you if
you believe that your father is a
Brahmin
so you buy your father place you want me
to sell my father place I will never do
it so they say okay you don't want to
sell they go out and they tell there's
round here you know there's round here
so he tell them they tell that settlers
that here a few hundred million dollars
that man his strongest the stronger than
in him and strength stronger than I
imagined leave that man by his self
don't teased him this is really strong
he refused one hundred million dollars
and he needs couple to thousands so why
is this place so important to the
Palestinians you know about me I believe
is my land so I don't need to sell it
like for example you believe your land
is just house but I believe my land is
home live love spirit everything's maybe
maybe you could sell it and buy lots
better than this house but you could not
buy any kind of happiness if you have
billions you know
happiness is cold it doesn't cause by
money
for these
yes
I grew up in Jerusalem during the Second
Intifada a lot of bomb attack stuff like
that people are people I guess on both
sides always look for the excuse why to
go on with the current condition most
Israelis have never stepped foot in the
West Bank most Israelis never met
Palestinians even for an argument they
never sat down for a coffee most
Israelis have no idea what's going on on
behalf of their names 25 minutes from
their house so when you don't have any
idea of what's going on there how can
you resist to it how can you support it
or not support it how can you be against
it yes I think I don't I don't think
people don't care I think people have no
idea so my I grew up my parents house in
Jerusalem was on a road called Bethlehem
Road the road next to me is Hebron Road
Bethlehem road leads to Bethlehem pretty
much in Hebron Road after about 40
minutes 45 minutes
you actually get to Hebron at least
there pretty much the historical roads
change and I've never been to Bethlehem
I've never been to Hebron until the army
always I always tell the time when I was
15 during the Second Intifada I'm like
it was my school was in Jerusalem I
think it was Milano City invited
Palestinians from Bethlehem and
Palestinians from Jerusalem for like a
week vacation in Milano rest from all
the violence and stuff which is very
nice it was so stupid for me because I
had to go to Milano to meet children
that lives in Bethlehem actually
literally 15-20 minutes from my house so
I think it just shows how the occupation
is so close but you have no idea what's
going on there
the checkpoint you know is um it's one
aspect of it
it's the prevention of movements that's
the thing is that that people cannot go
and often open their shops because of
security reasons or people don't live
with their houses anymore because it's
almost impossible to live there either
because we've said there's violence
either because there can be curfews or
the street below them will be just go so
it will be almost impossible to get
there with a car with food which guys if
you need to or kitchen so of course the
checkpoints are horrible thing but it's
just one aspect of a much more bigger
picture which is the Israeli controlling
what used to be the city centre of
heparin like inherently you don't need
to be mean to Palestinians but you
prevent them from going out of their own
front door to step on a street they are
not allowed to go because they're
Palestinians you offer me one of one of
the times I think I really felt the most
ashamed was when a Palestinian kid like
this side came to me asked me for some
food and they gave him like a few
candies I had and then afterwards I felt
ashamed you know what am I supposed like
social worker now then I need to give
him food and then we'll arrest his dad
like in a few hours
what kind of logic is that Solana ha
Madonna
Murata demerger Khalil the cool another
lock good I should have Bethlehem and we
say I should come to veg be magically
hostile my giant goo goo outing Bylsma
has seemed jerky fladam Samet any factor
she calm to comically will keep our
civilization an original model to swarm
our tables for morale over cooled
emergency as a table could roam as
seemed baka demonym machine which is
going to a problem - could dump in you
can be nice with Allen testiness had a
most of a year in Vietnam or mr. way I
can
chillin bismillah coochie Missy give so
far mr. wheeler it what it saw him in
Nome but Lara have to convert your
vision Dean okay here here to an arm
okay the anime Chakiris had a for today
you're certainly with a certain image
wish I show to be a what took a nice to
be alive no yeah yeah that's what I need
we'll see by this Santa holla it's the
attender bear right general what is a
barbecue yeah well okay yeah
well I'm coming up so you didn't find
out
yeah three retiree all right ideally
gotta make are you corny what sunic I
know I'm selfish I have a nice clean
blood validus master chef in ordered
valetroy hazard Jordan resort Jetta
internship at Fisher a unilateral
authority who needs faith know to like
you later
pathology world Amanda no don't dr.
kleiner on the path walking along a hell
of a time to applaud applaud or I'd
rather go with the pharmacy at the
majority killed while African such as
via conceive kilometer Schaefer the
qur'an or them
generally emergency arose official
agenda
yeah
we came into this only coming can we
leave this year hair brown in Arabic is
called al-khalil why is what is Al Hilal
mean Al Hilal means the beloved of Allah
al Halil they are referring to Ibrahim
to Abraham in the Islamic tradition
Abraham is called ibrahim khalil allah
the beloved of allah so according to
Islamic tradition
Abraham is also buried in the tomb of
the patriarchs and hence that what we
call in the Jewish tradition the tomb of
the patriarchs of Murat Hamas Bela the
Cave of Machpelah Murata Machpelah in
Arabic is called al Haram al Abraham Nia
the Abrahamic mosque is that it's the
longest standing holy place in the
Jewish religion here we had the Temple
of Jerusalem but the temples were
destroyed the walls that we see now were
just the outer retaining walls but the
tomb of the patriarchs was never
destroyed the building that we see now
was added on to so this is what makes it
very important for the Jewish faith and
also the love that Islam has for the
prophets of the Bible are also mentioned
in the Quran so hence the prophets that
are buried in the tomb in the patriarchs
make it as well a holy place for Islam
because Abraham in fact is Ibrahim for
Muslims is considered the father of the
Islamic faith the fought the first one
to testify and the oneness of god the
father of monotheism so the irony is
that here we are in Jerusalem and also
in her Brown which is considered a
sister city to Jerusalem the children of
Abraham Jews and Muslims Israelis and
Palestinians locked in a conflict over
the same holy land the same holy cities
of Jerusalem and Hebron and particularly
over the same holy sites the Temple
Mount in Jerusalem
and the the the tomb of the patriarchs
and yet it has such a symbol and
possibility to be a place of peace
because it's the tomb of the patriarchs
is the only active mosque an active
synagogue in the world that I know of
except for maybe the the tomb of the
prophet Samuel also is an act of mosque
and a synagogue but it's the same time
but yet there's this division when you
go in the building there between a
Jewish entrance and a Muslim entrance
what
after the
and again let's let's live together
peacefully better than 100 million
anything did not take anything there was
no money for mobile good huh it's yeah I
shall be just like that
cool what Carissa Chabot Veloster you -
our host and the request from you to
help the Palestinians and also there's a
to have peace and to make the harbor
goal does about much to get in love
respect themselves and instead that
please you should show and you should
talk about the Palestinian kills whoever
you are go back and this is his message
but what the how I just open up a gun
put checkpoints on bicycles you have to
put love you have to be touched
well how the tongue get cool and you sit
upon you me some say tamuka and this is
the message of all prophets not my
message also from other respected people
here in this area these should be
valuable this is
what change for me very dramatically how
I see Israel is real Palestine the
occupation the conflict was me being
there me being there as a soldier me
being a part of you know of the
depression of Palestinian me being a
part of the occupation as an active part
so for me what changed it was what I did
as a soldier so I was just like the most
regular soldier I wasn't a commander
anything we've been there for I think
from February 2008 for about five six
months in Hebron
so just shift patrols guarding doing
arrests at night I'm going to people's
houses Palestinians houses what we call
making our presence felt and the idea
the Army's idea is as long as we control
a civilian population those people
doesn't want to be controlled we need to
remind them that we are here so that
means you go into people's houses in the
middle of the night random houses the
most regular people and it just show
your presence that means you go in do a
search maybe you interrogate people you
can even take pictures of people who
know that you would be frightened you
read you throw everything away the end
time the idea is to show that you are
there I never liked it I think most
people don't enjoy it but still I think
the most problematic thing that happens
to you as a soldier with it as a human
being is that you get used to it I mean
after a while you stop caring about
Palestinian stop caring about settlers
you stop caring about Israel the only
thing you care about is going back to
sleep and you know your shifts are like
six hours every day twice a day that you
have to guard and and then it for 17 day
then you get back home for a few days to
rest like that multiplied by six months
you get very very numb for what's going
on so you don't really care after a
while about Palestinians you don't like
it I didn't like it but you just don't
care about them in a way they're not
human
you know they're just another thing in
your job we went into one of them like a
neighborhood in Hebron Palestinian
neighborhood and we started mapping the
house
you always go into people's houses that
you know for absolutely sure that they
are not involved in any kind of
terrorism attack soldier that theft
Israelis and once we went into the house
before that my officer told me bring
your camera with you he tells me start
taking pictures with people these
portraits for people who want to put it
together with everything we wrote so
we'll pass it on to the Shabak
intelligence security forces and so on
so I'm starting taking pictures of
Palestinians at two o'clock three
o'clock four o'clock at night about
20-25 pictures at the end of the night
you know what the story starts now in a
way because the day and the next day
afterwards I expected someone will come
and ask for what I think is a very
important intelligence material
no one does the one asks anything I go
back to my officers again the day next
the day after tell them guys don't you
want have all the picture and said don't
worry someone will come I wait another
months at the end I just erase the
pictures I mean I found out that my
officer just threw everything everything
he wrote down and it took me a very long
time to understand the idea and we were
told this by our commanders by the
officers the idea is not just taking the
pictures just writing the things now
because the one everyone throws them
away the idea is to make our presence
felt we don't really care about the
house we map more than we care about
their neighbors they will start asking
questions are they collaborators does
that mean that next time someone's gonna
map my house is there a big operation
going now and that's you know every
night every day three times a week it
doesn't matter but every unit that
counts we'll do it all over again so a
family can be visited twice a year
because no one really needs the security
aspect because the idea is to show them
that we are here we want to control you
don't want us to control we want to stay
here remember us
yeah
when so is she the most lok sabha
palestine they should do to conserve a
chic and so is she
Natalia for Syria and so we she she she
on a tour for Jill Rana in my selfish AB
he will Colleen Colleen McCauley I would
move through we kept the Harlem because
there Charlene shocked
very nice my horizontal journey
come take a second
okay McCoy can eat them whole
impartially to some rah rah rah
I think it was you well cynically had
some weather photographer issue I
dropped entirely at them till you
practiced it with every night watch
steamy in the world is then a belated
where her father she assists to Austin
and me Michigan are typically to quarrel
image of the guinea Jake which have been
howlite ship open observer will meine
liebe ich navaja a look at a full of
envelop madnikey what he didn t initial
of the Theosophical Madeira which obeys
me win Bachmann's AHA - AHA Roman Beach
my honesty
in our of the year
Nina - Nina down the government there is
some himesh a gal Kurumi if a student
joining us at Haifa in ratty Volusia
line very pale be introduced card for
responding fell asleep - never go down
comedy now keep watching ok we will
Philistine chuckle because
the devolution matches the come forth
essential are further question with
convenience the lateness blood the Swart
Israeli oh can hold him but believe me I
will turn it a marvelously warrants
observers are suffice to say Baba in a
delicate sector routine has been
ambulance would simple should tell it
for the caramelized on the other shoe no
further locks of auburn al carro bottom
shed presently building shopping
almanach Nia commercial service attacks
by machine the Vatican special
I dare her to Vasquez vitamin a ripoff
I'd officially mean same Shama come on
falestine in my column no champ blitter
have it serves Oh Marisol Touraine Yacht
horn a capacitive laser cavity if I go
mother to that attorney captain cash
machine key anybody focus passport of
eczema market the shoe shop America
stood up on Election Day email
I think one of the more one of the
events that really was for me very very
significant very powerful there he took
me a very long time but actually in my
testimony I didn't say them I only later
on that was very very strong for me is
that when we had to evict family
Palestinian family from their house they
lived in the casbah which is under
direct Israeli control their house was
just in front to the one of the
settlements of a harm of in neighborhood
and they started building and they
didn't had permission because I guess
the Israeli Civil Administration didn't
give them permission to renovate their
house and so on
and we gave them our warrants to stop
building and they didn't stop building
they went on you know just renovating
inside the house and at the end we were
like 15 soldiers had to evict them they
were like these two old people know very
poor haven't done anything bad and there
was so much heal faster because you have
activists the Thiele t we have settlers
the charity over there and you evict
people from their houses you know you it
was for me always like this red line
that I would never cross and then like
that I just cross it and you hate it you
don't like it you don't enjoy it you
understand and it's bad but what's even
worse that is that you're doing it and
you know after we finish evicting them
people came and welded down like
soldiers will the down the doors from
the outside so they won't be able to go
in I don't know what happened to them at
the end but um but I think it's just an
example of how you get so numb after a
while even though you understand and
it's bad you understand that it's wrong
you hate what you're doing you still do
it
I think it's important bori to remember
that at the end of the day I wasn't I
wasn't the victim the victims are the
Palestinians I'm not saying that to be
with so much power it's of course there
is doing very bad for you and for us as
a society but at the end of the at the
end of the day the ones that suffer from
it the one that needs to open one eye
when they're sleeping because maybe the
army would go into their house there
were the Palestinians there not us I
mean I had my house to get back to and I
had I could go to sleep absolutely sure
that no soldier will enter my house to
our rate start taking pictures of me and
my family and something that
Palestinians and especially in Hebron
they're not going to sleep like that
little body joke
Oh
the burial place of Abraham is is really
one of the holiest places in all of
Western civilization could even say the
birthplace after Jerusalem and Mount
Moriah one of the birthplaces or the
burial places of the founder of Western
civilization though the monotheistic
concept and why is it that we're so
divided the reason why the Jewish
community is in ahem brown and the
reason why they're soldiers and
checkpoints from the Jewish community's
perspective is because of the need for
security to secure the safety of the 850
Jews who live in the whole city of
Hebron and the hundreds of thousands of
Israelis and religious Jews from around
the world that come the tomb of the
patriarchs and tomb of Jesse and Ruth
and Abraham Avraham Avinu synagogue and
neighborhood during the Jewish holidays
of Passover Sukkot Rosh Hashanah Barone
is a frontline of the israel-palestine
conflict her brown problem will not be
solved by itself it's part of like I
said a microcosm of israeli-palestinian
relations the Jewish people the Israelis
why did it seem like from the outside
world that they're arming themselves to
the teeth ask anyone they say cuz I'm
afraid I'm afraid for my survival for my
protection for my safety it's not to
kill or to oppress another people
Palestinians see themselves as oppressed
by that
the Jewish board we take em only ten
days a year
also they take Maus ten days a year
she was such a divert him in latina
kilometer bucola was that in she was it
Sheriff
Monta high where they will call behavior
code mafia sure seemingly anything
behavior
hi welcome cool monocle month or between
Somalia solved with the Mahalo Heidi
item CV knotty I'm all original
yeah I do this October later involved
inside animal hello
standard the very volatile all of its
owner
in Whitman and da-da-da-da-da mr.
Montoya yet I wha
y'all I have a job I gotta sell Molly
cool
