this northwestern corner of Syria
represents the lost hopes of the rebel
opposition government forces have
steadily recaptured region after region
under so-called reconciliation deals the
fighters that didn't want to live under
government control were bussed here with
their families Halil Ahmed was a fighter
in the southern province of Daraa the
most recent area taken back by
government troops he shows us video of
when he was involved in the war like so
many others who chose to leave he
doesn't trust the government
I see the reconciliation as a big
mistake because the regime will start
arresting us after a while and put us in
prisons we've already heard of a few
people being killed by the regime
ibrahim abu hamed came to aid Lib from
Malaya and Homs the area was besieged by
government forces for almost three years
and he's now joined one of the local
armed groups in Italy we left because of
the heavy bombing and the siege we were
starving I didn't agree with the
reconciliation the regime says they will
take heed Lib let them say what they
want we have dug trenches and tunnels
God willing
we're ready the various rebel groups are
preparing for the expected government
offensive Enid Lib there is a
complicated mix of armed groups on the
ground here each with different
allegiances and they've often turned
their guns on each other but most say
they will fight together against the
expected offensive it Lib is home to
almost a million internally displaced
Syrians and those tents that you see
crammed together behind me that's it lip
province and that's just a small
snapshot of what is a major problem and
the United Nations is warned of a
humanitarian catastrophe if there is an
all-out military offensive on alipin
Turkey's borders remain closed many
opposition supporters don't like to
admit what this offensive may mean but
Hossam speaks frankly he came to it lip
problems from southern Damascus he too
was an opposition fighter there if the
regime takes over it Lib that means we
have lost the whole revolution
everything it's like if we took Damascus
the whole of Syria would fall to us it
live is our Damascus if they take it
it's over many predict that
is only a matter of time
