members of jean-pierre Bemba za position
mlc party holds an emergency meeting the
former rebel leader has a strong
following in the capital Kinshasa and
members party secretary is calling for
mass protests OspA we announce the
establishment of a crisis committee in
collaboration with the other forces to
develop a plan to bring people to
conquer their sovereign rights
confiscated by predators Bembo was
released from prison in the hague
earlier this year after a conviction for
crimes against humanity was quashed
but the Electoral Commission rejected
his application to be a candidate in
December's presidential election on
Monday the Constitutional Court rejected
members appeal because of a case against
him at the International Criminal Court
he's due to be sentenced for bribing
witnesses during a war crimes trial that
ended two years ago the decision has
done little to lessen the tension on the
streets of Kinshasa
my reaction is simple our people are
disappointed and shocked by the court's
decision it shows that our court is
receiving orders from officials the
electoral commission which is supposedly
independent has long been painted by
Bemba and his supporters as deeply
partisan I feel sorry for the Congolese
people after this court decision the
court is supposed to uphold the law but
it has become politicized the
presidential election has already been
delayed for two years triggering violent
protests in which dozens were killed DRC
has never seen a peaceful transition of
power it's looking less likely that this
election will be different
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
