believe in something even if it means
sacrificing everything
Nikes new just do it ad campaign is
proving as controversial as one of the
Stars chosen to deliver it former
National Football League quarterback
Colin Kaepernick he hasn't played
football since repeatedly refusing to
stand for the national anthem before
games during the 2016 season
prompting other players to follow suit
not only am i burning my favorite pair
of Nikes you are burning your sales ad
like the protests have provoked anger
among some NFL fans and President Donald
Trump they consider it disrespectful to
the American flag and the military some
have called for a boycott of Nike
products nike enough they made calling
but supporters say it's meant to call
attention to racial and Justices and as
a respectful expression of free speech
Nike which has a contract with the NFL
to supply uniforms and sideline clothing
appears to be taking their side also
announcing a new catalog of Kaepernick
shoes and t-shirts Sports branding
experts say it's a calculated business
decision to my take they're gonna be a
rallying cry for those people to come
and support Nike board is done because
it's bold its brave it has risks we want
that from brands we expect that from
brands and Nikes the kind of brand where
you demand it to be on the edge all the
time the former quarterback says team
owners have colluded to keep him off the
football field and if our ratings have
been in decline though the reason is
open to debate the NFL has struggled to
come up with a policy regarding conduct
during the national anthem that
satisfies both players and critics such
as the president and with the opening
game of the season scheduled for
Thursday fans are just as likely to be
focused on the sidelines as they are on
what's happening on the field
Kristen salumi al Jazeera New York
