our African country is getting into a
debt trap with China President Xi
Jinping hosts another high-level meeting
of African leaders and promises there
are no strings attached from billions of
dollars in new financing then what are
the long-term financial risks this is
inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle China is Africa's largest
trading partner and has already spent
billions of dollars in investment and
loans with the promise of much more to
come from roads and railways to ports
the Chinese government is backing
large-scale projects across Africa as
part of its so-called a belt and road
initiative the leaders of around 50
African African countries have been in
Beijing for a two-day summit China's
President Xi Jinping offered them 60
billion dollars in new financing deals
and says the investments come with no
political strings attached
he's also promising to waive the debts
of the poorest African countries his our
China correspondent Adrian Brown well
this has been a summit which in many
ways was more about symbolism than
substance it lasted really less than two
days but of course China has committed
itself to giving Africa another sixty
billion dollars that's on top of the 60
billion dollars that was pledged at the
last Africa China forum three years ago
China's media actually doesn't call this
you know loans it talks about aid that
way it doesn't seem as though China is
making a profit out of extending
financing to Africa but of course you
know these are loans now President Xi
Jingping said that you know 15 billion
dollars of that 60 billion was going to
be free of interest but of course it
still means that Africa will be paying
interest on forty five billion dollars
worth of loans now China is again has
been very sensitive to criticism that
it's carrying out what is known as debt
diplomacy China says in fact that you
know African countries are not in debt
because of the money that China has been
lending it's the result of money that
has been lent by others and Chinese
officials on the sidelines of this
summit have been pressing home that
point again and again I've also been
struck by what's been said on social
media and there really
is quite a bit of anger out there a
number of desta's have now been deleted
from Weibo that's China's equivalent of
Twitter you know many people in China
actually don't go along with President
Xi Jinping's international ambitions and
what people are saying is you know China
is a developing country maybe some of
that money should have gone back to
China this is Adrian Brown for Inside
Story in Beijing okay let's bring it in
our pal now joining us from Beijing we
have Dan Wang she's an analyst at the
Economist Intelligence Unit in Rabat
lassen Haddad is a moroccan former
minister and member of parliament and
from nairobi ali khan statue an
investment advisor at rich management
very good to have you all with us
welcome to the program mr. Haddad if I
could start with you
I was very impressive isn't it to get
around 50 heads of African states to
Beijing did the leaders will get what
they wanted I think so and I it's very
impressive first I mean because a lot of
people have been I mean go to those
kinds of meetings whether it's in Africa
or in China and Africa leaders are
interested in China because now it's
becoming like a major global player
especially with the problems that Europe
has been having lately or noise for the
protectionism the rise in protectionism
in America under Trump so a lot of
people a lot of Africans look at China
and China has been delivering in this
sense since your thousand I mean in
terms of loans in terms of investments
in terms of development aid which is
becoming like bigger and I think it's
it's it's very it's fair to say that
that that the the Chinese are aware of
the fact that they need to be I mean
like to change the model of financial
help that they are providing for example
if you look at the sixty billion dollars
that they pledged fed only twenty
billion dollars is credit line but 15
billion is concession and interest-free
ten billion is for development and five
billion is to help with imports and ten
billion will be like
of the private sector so all of that is
very important in the sense that the
Africans are seen that China is not only
interested in making money and also in
extracting like resources but they are
more interested in improving if you like
like exports to China not only like I
mean primary kind of exports but also
like manufactured exports and there is
like what I mean like talk about
developments about sustainability so all
of those kinds of things are important
and I think the the Africans also the
African leaders are very sensitive to
the fact that these kinds of loans and
then developments money comes without
political strings as it comes from
Western countries so that's the interest
in China but also I mean I think that
China has a lot of money to spend as
well and for it like Africa is an
emergent region with a lot of potential
and a lot of growth come in and come in
its way
so there is there is that interest also
from the Chinese whether it's the
Chinese government and also the Chinese
companies and China is interested in
bringing Africa within that kind of
perspective of the of the Silk Road or
the reinvention of the Silk Road
absolutely that the Chinese president
has put together dad why how interested
is China really in developing a
different kind of relationship or are
these changes that has made the pledging
of sixty billion dollars of which forty
five billion according to our
correspondent is still in the form of
loans that carry with it interest rates
and penalties for non repayments so how
interested is China really in changing
the relationship I don't think the
direction general direction of
relationship has any real changes but
there is some interesting language
change because previously China focused
more in a poverty reduction in line with
that but this year capacity building is
mentioned multiple times which suggests
actually China is more interested in to
injecting more of the manufacturing
capacity and more even part of China's
supply chain over to African countries
and this is a positive change I would
say
and in terms of the loans China has also
have been more conservative in terms of
providing concessional loans and a lot
more focuses on building up the trait a
link between the two continent and
that's also positive okay I think I'm
sorry do you agree with this do you see
a new era in China Africa relations
developing here I think there's
definitely been a linguistic change I
think seeing pingu fried his propaganda
chief I think about two weeks ago has
definitely changed the language around
Africa around the African story but I
think you know we cannot be naive at
this point in time we've seen countries
take on enormous amounts of debt we've
seen hugely inflated infrastructure
projects many of which which are white
elephants before the get-go and you
don't have to look very far whether it's
Gwadar and Pakistan whether it's Tonga
whether it's Sri Lanka who gorged on
Chinese credit and then had to disgorge
they're bought at Hanban tota we can see
the writing on the wall and where this
is headed so I think definitely seeing
ping is is situationally more aware but
I think you know some of these deals
that were offered in the sixty billion
dollar package had had collateral
benefits for China take some of the debt
forgiveness for Indian Ocean islands
which he specified that's all about
geopolitical reach these islands have to
have had a lot of reach in terms of the
sea around them so I think you know what
I do find there is a rah-rah who are
brigade and it seems that they're very
well coached when they all go to China I
wish they'd take some notes when they
went I didn't see a single leader of a
of any African country taking any notes
it was quite extraordinary so I think
look there there is a chorus a clack as
it were of people who will clap anything
but at the Bott the bottom line is you
know 20 years down the road there are
definite changes that have happened
our countries are borrowed too much
money the projects they borrow these
these funds for are not going to pay off
in the foreseeable future and really the
import the key factor now for the sino
African relationship is how China is
going to deal with the debt fallout we
can see the dominoes are beginning to
fall Zambia is a classic example
Prime Minister Abbey read the writing on
the wall not withstanding 10% GDP rates
so really I think we've got a we got to
be aware of what's going on
we cannot be naive China is not Santa
Claus there are a lot of our leaders
seem to believe that and we need to
negotiate now with our national interest
in mind and I think these are the key
things I'd like to do I'd like to see
happen I'm not seeing them happen yet
I'm just seeing a big cheerleading
brigade great boon dog in China shook
his hand and they've come back and I'm
not sure what we've really got here okay
dad Mike just to pick up on one of the
many points that alekan made there is
China a soft benefactor when it comes to
these loans is it going to write them
off as perhaps you know a sort of Santa
Clause or is it going to play hardball
as Ali said Ali Khan said we've seen in
Sri Lanka where the Sri Lankans couldn't
pay back the debt for this port and
China then took over the lease for it
well we all know that Chinese doesn't
come a Chinese loans doesn't come with a
lot of political strings but it doesn't
mean China has no conditions in fact
over 50 percent of China's loans to
Africa and Latin America is backed by
commodity things like energy and food
and it's very important for China to
have sort some sort of backup but
overall I don't think people should
consider China as some sort of aid
provider Chinese entrepreneurs go over
to African countries build up factories
and change the landscape of Africa it is
out of their self-interest and not the
fundamental thinking of helping African
countries I still think developing
countries like US and Europe probably
take really the moral high ground in
this issue but what really has changed
in the past decade in Africa we have to
we have to admit that that Chinese is
actually taking the lead here not the
Western countries mr. Haddad that the
big criticism of course over these
projects is that
many of them are simply not needed by
many of these countries in Africa they
may benefit 20 years down the line but
they're certainly not benefiting anyone
now and when countries can't pay back
the loans to pay for them in the first
place then they risk losing their
sovereignty are you seeing that happen
some of the projects have been like very
I mean like what what the Chinese
president called vanity kind of projects
and they are carried out by some African
leaders for their kind of political
gains and like big stadiums or big
statues or big dams or different kinds
of grandiose kinds of projects but but I
think there is an awareness now both
among I mean like I mean and the Chinese
presidents said that but also like among
African leaders and there is some sort
of convergence now that we you need to
invest in in like creation of wealth in
creation of employment but also in
sustainable kinds of projects and and I
I think that's the kind of language
change that I'm seeing and I'm seen
awareness on the part of the Chinese
like 10 years before I mean like didn't
care about those kinds of things that
sustainability was not on the table but
also like the nature of the projects was
not on the on the table but now it is on
the table and and if you look at the
speech of of the Chinese president you
will see that that that's a very
important kind I mean like they have to
be sustainable they have also not to be
do to benefit the people and and and
that's that's important so there is
probably like I mean like some sort of
shift towards like more project that
will it be economically beneficial to
the countries themselves rather than to
regimes and to president okay but what
is interesting is that we're hearing
this change of language from the Chinese
side from the Chinese President Xi
Jinping but not really necessarily
hearing it from the African leaders side
so what responsibilities should leaders
of Africa bear for a double why are they
not at this conference taking notes why
are they at least giving the impression
of just being a bunch of yes men I think
I think they did very days there is a
very important drive and also very
important like
need for funding and for investment a
lot of the African leaders that are
there are dying to get those kinds of
investments project they are not there
to take notes or to take any kinds of
lessons they are there in order to see
if they could fund like the different
kinds of initiative that they have
undertaken whether they are regional or
they are national so I think that's the
most important thing but I mean the
Chinese are there for that kind of I
mean like if you look for example I've
been at the needs of Africa in terms of
infrastructure they have been evaluated
sometimes at 100 billion kind of dollars
that's not something that will come from
the US over come from Europe but China
is there in order to fund those kinds of
project and I think that's the most
important thing for for for those
countries one of the things that needs
to probably like make everyone worried
and the World Bank and IMF also have
signals that is it I mean are those
countries solvable will they be able to
to pay those kinds of that's what
happens if they don't pay those debts
and I think the Chinese are smart in
linking some of those debts to like
commodities and also to having access to
different kinds of resources within the
within the continent but I mean it's
something that I mean we need to wait
and see how much of an economic and
political dependence will a lot of the
countries that are not solvable in terms
of that debt will be to China rather
than to other countries I mean to
Western countries like they have
historically okay an econ can countries
afford to wait and see what sort of debt
they're going to be in to China or is it
already too late well I think in some
cases it's too late and in some cases
the dominoes are falling in Zambia you
got a euro bond price at 70 cents in the
dollar if you follow the markets that's
telling you that basically Zambia's bust
its biggest lender is China so we're
going to watch this situation now in
real time unfold in front of our eyes
and there there are a number of other
situations which are very very similar
if I can just return to the previous
question in in one way I think China
very much bet on the elites on the
leadership of the of the African
continent and what were watching now is
a very fluid moment I'll just you know
I'm sitting in there
we just look at what's happening over
the border in Uganda with the situation
with President Museveni and-and-and and
Bobby wine this pop star who's very
popular and we're watching a
generational shift from folks who fought
for independence to the Born Free
generation and when I listened his
presidency in ping it was quite
sophisticated he was talking about
inclusive growth he was talking about
Africans feeling the growth on the
street and I think that's increasingly
an important point that seeing ping is
understanding is that you know this
all-in bet limit long bet on leadership
at a moment when leadership is about to
be upended in many places is a very
interesting moment for China to handle
and I think we've got to keep an eye on
that but look make no mistake I mean
these projects are not delivering the
return on investment that they should be
delivering they're just simply not going
to do it in some cases they're never
going to do it and the point is what's
going to happen when this becomes
evident to many many people and we're
seeing that evidence in front of our
eyes and I think that's the challenge
for China I also think we can't lose
sight of the overall geopolitical
situation we've got president Trump
rattling seeing pings golden cage
looking to bottle up China and the South
China Sea not keen on an expansion into
the Indian Ocean so you've got a lot of
other cross currents which are at play
at the moment and I think we've got to
watch them all unfold but it is a fluid
situation in my view and then when does
that not concern China that it's going
to be saddled by all of these bad loans
which can never be repaid it is
certainly a concern for China especially
when domestically also faced some
liquidity problem but we we cannot say
that infrastructure infrastructure
building is necessarily wrong in Africa
if I live in a village in a remote
Uganda do I want a road that connected
my village to the nearby township of
course I do but at some point this loan
might go sour but I wouldn't be able to
see it probably the later generation our
children our children
children will have to repay it alone but
it doesn't mean that building this road
is wrong it probably will leave a lot of
people out of poverty and we cannot deny
that China has gotten where it is now by
its by the so-called China model which
is a data driven infrastructure spending
model and that has viewed the Chinese
miracle in the past 40 years and whether
that model can be exported to Africa and
whether African countries want to adopt
it it's a different question but you
know the world has no patience really
this is the once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity that China is willing to
provide this kind of liquidity and
regime can consider this the baton road
investment initiative as a 1,000 year
project for himself so it's very
important actually for the practical
businessman to take advantage of this
opportunity it is just that when it's
there you just have to seize the day
okay yeah it certainly proved
irresistible to many people on the
African continent mr. Haddad how has it
benefited people in Morocco has Chinese
investment benefited Morocco Morocco is
destination for Chinese investments but
it's not as big as South Africa or
Nigeria or Algeria or Zambia or or other
poor Angola for example so Morocco has
had like a diversified kind of investors
from both I mean like the US and also
Europe and Middle East especially and
China so it's not highly dependent on
China although like it's very important
the relationship that exists between
Morocco and and and and China mean
politically and also Morocco is being
seen as a platform since it has also its
own investments in African its own
interest in in West Africa but let me go
back to the point that that the the
previous point about regarding like D
whether whether it whether like these
loans I mean like investments
infrastructure is very important and I
agree with the fact that that roads and
highways and also like ports and
airports are very important and they
they could be like structuring projects
in the terms that they create some sorts
of dynamics around them and I think the
challenges for the
knees is should go beyond the
infrastructure and then work with the
African governments on a weld producing
kind of sectors and I think agriculture
is very important energy is energy and
mining agriculture technology and the
transformation that are happening in
some countries like Zambia or Wando not
other places those are the kinds of
transitions that should be accompanied
by countries like China so that there
could be enough wealth creation there
can be enough jobs but also there could
be also enough taxes for the governments
to pay back I mean like those kinds of
that and I think that's the equation
that needs to happen I mean from seeing
for example the Declaration of Chinese
officials and the concerns of the
Africans I think that there is that kind
of concern about the fact that yes
infrastructure is important yes that
should not be like big but should be
geared towards like infrastructure but I
think there is a need also to to to have
like more focused on sectors that
develop like wealth and also I mean you
use you look at Africa and I think a lot
of countries like Cote d'Ivoire Senegal
and all or one than others are I mean
probably not enroll a bit are growing
and some of them double digits so I
think that is prosperity to be created
to be enhanced in those kinds of
countries and I think the investment if
it's geared towards that kind of
prosperity well how do you see China
willing to make that transition to
invest in other areas of the economy and
for this to become a more balanced
relationship absolutely I think they
have to and and you know i'm not
knocking infrastructure I'm just
knocking the price tag right I'm saying
you know a road is good if it's built to
the village but if it's built at the
right price if you're paying three times
the price that the road costs then
you've got a problem you've got a debt
burden so if we can contextualize it in
that sense I think look this
relationship is dynamic it's going to
change is going to change dramatically I
think you've just the Linguistics of
presidents seeing ping at this
conference or signaling that the that
he's listening and that he's he's
looking to turn and I think the question
is does the does the bureaucracy turn
with
do they listen to what he's saying or is
it going to be more of the same which is
a rather freewheeling type attitude a
lot of contracts which ultimately have
gone into financing elections that's you
know you've got these big-ticket
projects for infrastructure where money
has been creamed off the top recycled
into winning the election and supporting
the government of the day so this is a
very very obviously the question is can
can president seeing ping clean up shop
and goal is a good example because if
you look back at the Chinese engagement
with Angola
there was a very freewheeling type
engagement I think there was a very
well-known character out of Hong Kong I
can't remember his name now but you've
seen seeing paying stamp his mark try to
try to sort of own own the engagement
much more but he's going to have to take
a lot more ownership of it over it
because for now what we've seen is a lot
of privileged people eating the Chinese
cake the question is are the crumbs
going to get down to a billion African
citizens whose refrain has been
throughout this 20-year expansion we
can't eat GDP and I think that's what he
was responding to in point of fact very
interesting indeed and I'm right there
we will have to leave our discussion for
today many thanks to all of you Dan Wong
last in the haddad and ali khan statue
and thank you too very much for watching
you can see the program again anytime by
visiting our website there's
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page at
facebook.com slash AJ Inside Story and
you can watch you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me Nora Kyle and
the whole team here it's bye for now
