for most of the world July Lu Dean
Haqqani will be remembered for the
decades of havoc and bloodshed he
plotted in Afghanistan
the Haqqani network he founded is
accused of planning this truck bombing
in Kabul last year that killed about 150
people the group denied involvement and
the network is also accused of taking
hostages such as US soldier Bowe
Bergdahl and a Canadian family Jalal
Udine Haqqani was an American ally
during the Soviet invasion of
Afghanistan in the 1980s the CIA
regarded him as a brave tactician during
the US invasion in 2001 he became an
enemy his group responsible for a string
of attacks on US and NATO troops the
prolific use of suicide bombers and
murders of government officials became
trademarks depending who you are the one
thing that you have to admit is his
ferocity his say his innovativeness in
the asymmetric war that he has been
engaged during the four last four
decades throughout his life Haqqani
formed alliances of convenience and
adapted as needed a common theme to rid
Afghanistan of occupying forces he was a
military commander receiving US aid to
fight the Soviets significance he
learned Arabic and forge ties with Arab
armed groups and leaders such as Osama
bin Laden he later became a Taliban
leader the US has long accused the
Haqqani network of being linked to the
Pakistani intelligence agency for years
Haqqani has been ill and leadership of
his network was passed on to his son sir
Raja Deen in 2001 he's also a deputy
leader of the Tal
so don't expect much much change
happening in terms of tactics in terms
of intensity of engagement of Haqqanis
in the in the Afghan war as followers
mourn Jalaluddin Haqqani analysts expect
the group he founded to continue to wage
attacks in Afghanistan
Natasha a guy named Al Jazeera
