this remote and rugged land on the
border with Afghanistan is believed to
have been home to some of the world's
most wanted group of fighters among them
the network led by this man jalal ad-din
Haqqani
back in 1979 Haqqani was fighting the
Soviets in Afghanistan and the CIA was
happy to fund him with the help of
Pakistan's military the Haqqani network
became one of the most sophisticated
groups of fighters in Afghanistan but
with the fall of the Soviet Union and
the rise of the Taliban in the 1990s
Haqqani and his combatants were no
longer welcome when the u.s. invaded
Afghanistan in 2001 facing a common
enemy brought the Afghan Taliban
al-qaeda and the Haqqani network closer
the Pakistani military's support for US
forces hurt its ties with the Haqqani
network and the Pakistani government
knows very well what my stand is since
the first days of jihad if they need to
ask for something they must first come
here and apologize for what they've done
the Haqqani network consolidated its
positions in southeastern Afghanistan
and then its attacks became more brazen
and reached targets in the capital Kabul
of an intelligence and the us-led
coalition said the Haqqani network was
behind complex attacks on high-profile
targets and hostage takings in 2008 the
United States added Jalaluddin Haqqani
son Sir Roger Dean on its list of
terrorists and in 2012 labeled a group
of foreign terrorist organization the
u.s. says the bulk of the Haqqani
network financed has come from a number
of illegal businesses drug trade
extortion Road taxes and ransom
for over a decade US drone strikes in
pressure and Pakistan to launch a ground
offensive against the Haqqani network
remained inconclusive but in 2014
Pakistan decided to force out foreign
fighters operating in its tribal areas
by sending in ground forces and after an
attack on a school in Peshawar in
December that year the government
decided to ban the Piney Network and its
affiliates but shadowy groups have been
banned before and the challenge will be
to implement the ban along the poorest
of gwon border sama bin Javed al Jazeera
