who is Jeremy Corbyn is he as his
fervent supporters believe the most
moral politician in generations a man
who spent his entire life campaigning
for political justice for Palestine or
is he as his equally fervent opponents
allege a closet racist and anti-semites
who says there's a difference between
criticizing Israel and criticizing Jews
but who blurs the lines between the two
has always been a split in the Labor
Party on Israel with one wing supportive
of the Palestinian struggle and another
wing including many Jewish labor party
members who actively accept and support
the existence of the State of Israel but
never before has that split come to the
surface like this because never before
has there been a Labour Party leaders so
obviously pro-palestinian at the heart
of it is Labour's refusal to accept
several examples of anti-semitic
language and views as defined by the
international Holocaust Remembrance
alliance or IHRA
it is deemed for example anti-semitic to
say that Jews are more loyal to Israel
than their own country
or that the State of Israel is by
definition racists all that Israeli
government policies are like those of
Nazi Germany Corbin and his supporters
claim this prevents them from properly
criticizing Israel's actions towards the
Palestinian people a whole raft of Labor
Party heavyweights like former Prime
Minister Gordon Brown have demanded the
party clarify properly its position by
falling into line with the IHRA at a
time when the ruling Conservative Party
is in the hole over brexit labour is
tearing itself apart labour almost isn't
functioning as a coherent political
entity at the moment within it there
it's not so much sort of you know
moderates versus korbinites
really what you see is a set of warring
fifteens
some of them quite small there's the
right-wing against Corbin there's the
centrist against Corbin there's even the
left against Corbin there are divisions
within the leaders office there are
influences from different parts of youth
movements and trade unions things are
very chaotic the other question is the
effect it has on Corbin's reputation
there may only be 300,000 Jewish people
in the U
but repeated suggestions at a veteran
anti-racist may himself have a problem
carries significant electoral risk
liberal-leaning boaters labor supporting
voters who think they're in a party or
supporting a party which is anti-racist
and think they are themselves
anti-racist and don't want to be
supporting a party which appears to be
always claimed to be anti-semitic
Labour's National Executive is under
enormous pressure finally to change its
policy though so angry is the mood from
the powerful left-wing but it isn't a
foregone conclusion labour remains a
party whose membership love the leader
but whose politicians are deeply divided
all him
Lawrence Lee al-jazeera London
