it's a good buy of sorts for one of the
most unpopular president since approval
polls began in Mexico Enrique Pena
Nieto's last State of the Nation Address
was the chance to defend six years
marked by corruption scandals record
level violence and in his favor
modernizing reforms of the education
energy and telecommunication sectors the
latter was inevitably what he focused on
the reform assisted rallies the reforms
are without doubt the biggest
achievement of this administration and
our biggest contribution to Mexico's
future they came during his honeymoon
period when Time magazine fated him as
Mexico's savior and he seemed able to
pull the country's parties together to
get things done now at the end the
glossy video is playing out his greatest
hits can't hide the sense that for years
things have been going wrong it started
on a rainy night in Iguala
43 students kidnapped by the police and
league with a gang they were never found
alive the country was traumatized but
Pena Nieto addressed the crisis
reluctantly with a flawed investigation
a conflict of interest scandal over this
luxury house quickly followed more
skeletons began to fall out the closet I
think that it was the top of the iceberg
I mean unfortunately is an
administration characterized by several
corruption practices in the use of
enemy's use of teachers payroll in the
misuse of funds for a fighting poverty
and several construction projects all of
them have that same characteristic
impunity and corruption those who'd
hoped for a modernizing leader
it seemed instead like MIT's kampala
tics as usual suddenly nothing could go
right some of the reforms got bogged
down President Trump began sparring with
Pena Nieto over trade deals in his
proposed border wall and most
importantly violence began to saw he
finishes his term with the highest
murder rate on record
East Oakland ciently I'm aware that we
didn't manage to bring peace and
security from Mexicans in every corner
of the country
polls show just two out of ten Mexicans
think he's done a good job and his once
all-powerful pre-party Mexico's oldest
languishes in third place in Congress in
first is the fledgling party of this man
president-elect andr√°s Manuel Lopez
over-the-door he takes over in December
promising to transform Mexico just as
Pena Nieto once did John Holman al
Jazeera Mexico City
