there are some who say my next guest
represents the future of the Democratic
Party who Leon Castro a former mayor in
Texas and Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development under Barack Obama has been
talked about as a future presidential
candidate and was on Hillary Clinton's
vice presidential shortlist in 2016 in a
new book an unlikely journey waking up
from my American dream Castro tells the
story of how he and his twin brother
Joaquin now a US congressman both rose
to national prominence with historic
midterm elections around the corner
what's his vision for the Democrats in
an age of Trump who Leon Castro thanks
for joining me on upfront in your new
book you describe your shock at Trump's
election back in and November 2016 and
you've said that people were quote
trying to send the message about their
frustration with Washington DC but don't
really mean their frustration with the
people in power in Washington DC which
was your boss then President Barack
Obama well every now and then people
will throw the middle finger at
Washington DC and you'll have a massive
change election and there had been times
when that has benefited Democrats and
times when that's benefited Republicans
yeah we have to remember that Hillary
Clinton still got 2.8 million more votes
than Donald Trump in that election and
so really it was your concerns that
certain parts of the country had more
than others and Donald Trump did a good
job politically of appealing to certain
folks of raising dog whistles so but is
there is the corollary to that that the
Democrats failed to reach those people
in the same way that Trump did it was a
failure on the part of the Democratic
campaign well in 2016 you know the the
election results speak for themselves
right I mean we didn't win Michigan we
didn't win Ohio we didn't win
Pennsylvania and so of course there was
a failure there to persuade enough folks
that President Obama had persuaded just
four years earlier but I think overall
that the Democratic message of trying to
create opportunity for everybody of
making sure that folks get health care
investing in things like brainpower and
education that more people believed and
believe now in that so you don't agree
with someone like senator bernie sanders
who lost the Democratic primary
silicon's and who said that the
Republicans didn't win in 2016 the
Democrats lost he says that's his line
well I think you know I agree that there
ways that we can make sure that we
motivate folks more to get out and vote
and that anybody would acknowledge their
improvements to be made from 2016 going
into 2018 and 2020 what I think we can't
say with the same confidence is whether
with a different nominee there would
have been a different result I think
that's just yeah I don't think you can
say that you spend a lot of time
discussing immigration in your book and
you're extremely critical of Trump's
cruel immigration policy of course
family separations at the border putting
kids in cages your based in Texas how
bad is the situation right now at the
border in your view well they're kind of
two ways to answer that number one
Donald Trump has painted this picture of
a crime ridden border zone this place
where people are coming across the
border like crazy and border crossings
are near a 40-year low and those border
cities in my home state at least of
Texas like El Paso and McAllen
Brownsville a few others are some of the
safest cities for places their size in
the United States and so you know he's
sold a lot of Americans a bill of goods
with respect to the border and then
secondly how bad is it well for those
kids that are sleeping in the detention
centers in that Borneo camp near El Paso
that are separated from their parents
that are crying out for them every night
that are going to be traumatized for
life it's a horrible situation I'd
consider that an abuse of human rights
what they're doing
I consider it state-sponsored child
abuse and basically kidnapping of kids
from their parents and so from that
standpoint Donald Trump is an abysmal
failure when it comes to treating people
the way that they should be treated so
it's great to hear politics
such a self making some noise about
what's going on it is outrageous what's
happening at the board and you say it's
state-sponsored child abuse isn't the
problem though that when Democrats like
yourself speak out against this a lot of
people say well hold on you first have
to reckon with your own record in office
President Obama was called DePorter in
chief by a lot of immigration rights
groups he deported more people from the
US than all of the US presence of the
20th century put together more than two
million people and when unaccompanied
children came to the u.s. in 2014 he
didn't take kids from their parents as a
policy as Trump did but he did put kids
in detention where some of them were
abused according to recent reports that
reckoning has to happen doesn't it
within the Democratic Party with that
part of the Obama record I think that
you have to look at the totality of a
record there were also a lot of folks
progressives Democrats and I think most
proudly a lot of the dreamers the
activists who pushed to the
administration in 2011 2012 13 14 to
implement daca and then to implement
dhaba the way that President Obama and
the administration handled a lot of
these issues was night and day compared
to the Trump administration and I think
it's fair to say that the Obama
administration got better and better in
terms of how it dealt with the issue of
immigration that's undeniably true and I
think immigration agree but the reality
is children were detained under Obama
children ended up being abused in
detention under Obama and lots of people
innocent people who were not convicted
of major crimes were deported some of
them were killed after being deported
that it doesn't need to be some
expression of regret apology from the
Democrats that if we're going to attack
Trump on this rightly so we need to also
be a bit more critical of our own record
I mean I think people were critical
during that time both within the
demonstration did you raise concerns and
the both of fact I talked about in April
of 2014 the fact that I said that I was
not comfortable at the time with the way
that the administration was handling the
issue of immigration but yeah I mean I
think what you see you think do you
think the future Democratic
administration should pledge not to do
what Trump or Obama did and put kids
into
tension under any circumstances I think
that future administration's should say
we're gonna find a different way to do
this we're gonna find a way that both
both is humane and keeps families
together and ensures that we don't
inflict the kind of trauma that the
Trump administration is inflicting on
these kids and then also of course meets
the needs of border security and we can
do both of those things and one of the
ways Trump is inflicting trauma is by
using ice immigration and customs
enforcement basically as a kind of you
know some have called a secret police
whatever you wanna call it a Gestapo
yeah going into churches courthouses
rounding up all sorts of people who
shouldn't be rounded up a lot of
Democrats are now saying abolish ice
including leading senators do you
support that move to abolish ice I
support figuring out how to reconstitute
that division and I know that it's
somebody who headed a federal agency
that these divisions of the federal
government get improved and get
reconstituted all the time and so to
think that this division of the federal
government is somehow synchro sankt yeah
it's just not true I'm confused it's
just what do you say reconstitute
abolition in stock price you're talking
about is that we're no longer gonna have
any kind of enforcement then I would say
no you're always going to have border
enforcement
however if what you mean is are we gonna
have the same kind of tactics the same
kind of culture the same kind of abuses
that we've seen or even the same sort of
structure that we've seen but not
replace no I'm saying that the the the I
think that ice can be reconfigured
reconstituted okay just before we finish
you haven't exactly been shy about your
own presidential aspirations right now
you have a democratic field of
frontrunner have some pretty big names
like vice president former vice
president joe biden senators elizabeth
warren and bernie sanders how do you
expect to break through when you have
these kind of big hitters already
staking out their places in the field
I'm gonna make a decision after November
as to whether I'm gonna run or not if I
make a decision to run then I don't
worry about that
I believe that when I start talking to
folks
in those early states and talking about
my vision for the future of the country
that I'll do great and if it is Warren
or Sanders or Biden one thing they all
have in common all excellent politicians
in different ways is they're all white
and there will be in their 70s do you
think actually in 2020 the Democrats
should be putting forward a person of
color who is younger I believe that the
next nominee is gonna be somebody who's
the opposite of Trump and so it's gonna
be somebody that's trying to unite
people instead of divide people somebody
that is focused on the future instead of
the past somebody that seen is honest
instead of corrupt and someone I think
what about someone who is left enough
for the Democratic bases at you you've
been called a pragmatist in the past do
you think your progressive enough what
is quite a left-wing Democratic base
right oh I believe that if I decide to
run that I'm gonna be fine in that
regard yeah I don't have a concern about
that
I do think that that whether the issue
is health care or tax policy and so
forth that the next nominee is gonna be
somebody that captures the spirit of
where we are right now as Democrats and
and there are a number of people that
are very talented that are looking at
that in that race
so more than anything else whether I run
or not I'm glad that we're gonna have
just a whole bunch of folks up there and
a lot of people to choose from and the
question of you what happens if you and
your brother Joaquin both end up running
for president one day
because how would that work I mean I I
wrote a book about million he was a
labor leader who ran against his brother
David Miliband that that didn't work out
so well for both brothers I'm just
really do you guys have an arrangement
that you're one minute older so you'll
run in 2020 and he'll try if you don't
know where we are more like the
Klitschkos than the Miliband okay we're
now gonna fight each other
Julian Castro thank you for joining me
on upfront Rio that's our show upfront
we'll be back next week
you
