instead of walking free why alone and
chore so you were taken from court and
back to prison throughout this ordeal
the Reuters journalists have remained
defiant and positive and that continued
even after hearing they'd been sentenced
to seven years in jail
this is directly challenging the
democracy and media freedom of our
country we will calmly face the
situation with our best efforts in the
appeal since we do not do anything we
have no fear we are going to do our best
to face it
the verdict was widely condemned Reuters
says it will not give up and is
considering what steps to take next
today is a sad day for Myanmar Reuters
journalists while owned in cha cha who
and the press everywhere these two
admirable reporters have already spent
more than eight months in prison on
false charges designed to silence their
reporting and intimidate the press the
journalists were arrested in December
last year as they were investigating an
arbitrary execution of ten Rohingya men
by soldiers and militia the
prosecution's case centered on secret
documents the Reuters writers head at
the time of their arrest
but why alone and Cho so you say they
were framed testifying that those papers
were given to them by the police who
moments later arrested them it seems
that in doing their job they had gone
too far in the minds of a military
that's still the most powerful force in
Myanmar have been unfairly accused we
have been convicted of breaching the
Official Secrets Act
we performed according to media ethics
we didn't do anything harmful towards
our nation we didn't commit any crime
however they decided to convict us
anyway the verdict will heat more
international pressure on Myanmar's
leader Aung San su Chi once a campaigner
for freedom of speech in human rights
she remained largely silent throughout
the trial her government now has the
ability to issue pardons for Y alone and
chaucer
two journalists imprisoned for
investigating a crime signaling the end
of media freedom and Myanmar wane hey al
Jazeera Bangkok
