all right now we can speak to Kevin
kaliki who is Royce's regional editor
for Asia he was actually at the
courthouse earlier he's joining us live
now from Yangon via Skype thank you for
talking to us
these men have already been in jail for
some time at great considerable personal
cost tell us about them the two
individuals involved that's right Wallen
and trustee who have already been
prisons for eight months separated more
families they have young families Joseon
has a young daughter who has only been
able to see her father in court over the
most of the past year
well while on had the newborn daughter
he's never met what happened today was
an injustice it's heartbreaking for
their families it threatens the freedom
of press and the rules well in the end
mark and they can't get this thing what
is reuters preparing to do in the next
stage of this battle to have your your
to employees released this has been a
judicial process we've respected the
judicial process we've presented a case
a compelling case and any fair reading
of the evidence at trial that shows that
Wallington chose over our innocence and
today's verdict unfortunately provides
support tragically we went forward to
those in the police we sought to cover
up a real-time the mass killing of ten
men and boys in Rakhine State that was
the story while bonito say we were who
reported at the time of their arrest
right and indeed that the very incident
that they were reporting on has been
proved to to have been accurate and
indeed those responsible have been
sentenced to jail haven't they but what
is reuters preparing to do now in terms
of the appeal process in terms of
lobbying because I would imagine that
it's going to come down to some serious
hard lobbying on the part of Reuters as
well as other interested agencies to try
to put pressure increase the pressure
upon on Santucci in particular
it's only been a few hours since we had
the verdict and Yangon District Court
you've already seen a widespread and
uniform international response to what
happened today we want to talk to the
families we're gonna talk to the lawyers
and advisors and we want to pursue every
avenue that's available to us the
government of Myanmar now has an
opportunity and responsibility to do the
right thing and and to free our
colleagues to free our friends although
the Kosovo but do you have any faith in
the judicial system in Myanmar today
well I couldn't I think I've been clear
we couldn't more vehement ly object to
the verdict today no fair reading of the
trial it supports today's decision
journalism is not a crime legal
framework from Myanmar safeguards of
Free Press now what happened today is a
threat to that won't Free Press the Free
Press that any democracy required Kevin
Crowe Nicky thank you very much indeed
for joining us live via Skype from
Yangon Myanmar largest city thank you
