least 41 people have been killed in the
violence in and around Tripoli a hundred
others have been injured many of them
civilians forces backed by the
government of national Accord have lost
several strategic locations to another a
breakaway fraction armed groups are
battling for territory near the city's
only functioning Airport Mahmoud Abdul
Wahid reports now from Tripoli has Saleh
is in mourning a stray rocket killed two
of his nephews when they were playing in
this garden they were 15 and 14 years
old he says the boys were torn apart by
the rocket their flesh was scattered
everywhere why is that it just came down
from the sky we don't know where it was
launched from the explosion was huge to
say eyewitnesses shrapnel flew in all
directions and damages everything seven
days of fighting between rival armed
groups have taken a heavy toll on
civilians the 7th Infantry Brigade from
the city of Taruna and its allies from
the city of Misrata have recaptured
several strategic locations in the
southern suburbs of Tripoli the armoured
groups that have the support of the UN
backed government of national accord
have retreated to the city center random
shells have a strike everywhere here
rocket penetrated the ceiling despite
this Terkel turkey says his family was
lucky they were gathered in another room
when the rocket hit everything shattered
into pieces and the smoke was so dense
it was a nightmare and everybody was
screaming my biggest concern was look
for the kids and get them away civilians
have been killed or wounded by stray
Rockets during the past week but it is
not known exactly who is firing them and
rival armed groups battling for control
of the area
are accusing each other of being behind
the attacks
armored groups have been fighting for
control of the capital the Tripoli based
the government does not seem to be
strong enough to rein them in Salah and
his family are blaming the government
for not doing enough to protect them but
with lawlessness on caves in Libya there
are fears that civilians will continue
to be targeted Mahmoud Abdul Wahid al
Jazeera Tripoli
