is 1301 now I'm a photographer my studio
is a theme park where you can travel
back in time I want to show everyone
this is what it looked like back then
camera lovers come here to see the
origin of photography others come
looking for something different from
digital photos
well this is the second-oldest
photographic technique in the world and
dates back to the 1850s it's what people
use before film and it came here in the
1860s I just bought the cameras
decoration but had it examined and
repair that made me want to shoot with
it it's so exciting this is more of a
machine than a camera I can actually put
it to work this method uses collodion
solution which takes a month to prepare
pour it on the glass plate soak it in
silver nitrate solution in about 5
minutes the plate becomes the film the
models have to freeze for 6 seconds I'm
using a supporting device to keep your
head still I need to shoot and develop
it right away before it dries everything
has to be done while the plate is still
wet you have to be fast luck is a part
of this method too you might get spots
on the photo and people prefer the look
of imperfection because you can never
recreate it Japan's wet plate
photographs appear more rustic compared
to other countries that's the look I'm
trying to revive a lot of young people
come here the old method has a fresh
appeal to them many people bring really
unique outfits like the ancient armor
others come to celebrate weddings with
one-of-a-kind photography they're
looking for something to treasure
they said Wow that looks like my
grandfather that looks like my
grandmother my ancestors that's the
impression they get it isn't yourself
that you see this technique existed in
the past and I don't want to let it
disappear again
