you served in the Obama administration
in the second term at Housing and Urban
Development President Obama did many
good things from health care to the
stimulus to action on climate change but
on the crucial issue that some would
argue defined his time in office
especially his arrival in office the
financial crisis the housing crisis he
let down working people in many ways
especially people of color you were
housing secretary in a second term
you're well aware of the fact a bummer
and his administration pledged allocated
I think something like more than five
times as much money to bailing out the
banks who caused a crisis as they did to
bailing out ordinary homeowners who lost
their homes through no fault of their
own there's no question that there was a
bailout that happened right it's also
true though that that administration
that the Obama administration ended up
investing more in everyday Americans
trying to save their homes trying to
rebuild their communities at HUD you
know there were several programs that
either were allocated more money like
Community Development Block Grants home
funding new programs during that time
Neighborhood Stabilization program is a
good example that basically pumped more
money into communities across the
country that wouldn't have happened if
you had had somebody else in office so
yeah were there things you know that
could have been done to put more
resources well you say those resources
he pledged to spend between fifty and a
hundred billion dollars from the bailout
fund when he came to office to help hona
homeowners eight years later his
administration had only spent 21 billion
dollars why not spend more when that was
the pledge it wasn't those Republicans
were blocking from spending that money
that money was already devoted yep
you know I mean I don't think that you
can look at any president say that that
they added a thousand but I will say
that President Obama did much more than
so many other presidents that we've seen
and did we hit the mark on everything of
course not
but when you look at what we have today
black family losing your home or a
Latina family losing your home and they
lost homes at much higher rates as you
know than white
the fact that Obama did a better job
than george w bush or donald trump would
have done doesn't really help you I
don't think that's true actually I
disagree with that okay because it does
make a difference when you go into the
voting booth and you're making a
decision between two people it is I
think the wrong way to view things to
say well you know these folks are the
same as these folks one of the
challenges that we have is this throwing
up of the hands to say that everything
is 50/50 everything is equal that's not
true that wasn't the point I was making
but you're right there is a sense that
you know they're all the same but isn't
the problem in theory you're correct
clearly but in reality as you yourself
mentioned it started interview a lot of
people didn't turn out to vote in some
of those areas Obama won in 2012 and
2008 because they thought well my life
hasn't improved that much under Obama in
fact in some ways it's got worse black
wealth did not improve under the first
black president as a result partly of
the housing crisis wait wait let's back
that up a second right black wealth was
decimated by two-thirds because of the
housing crisis and President Obama
forthrightly pushed for investment in
urban communities throughout the United
States and by the time that we reached
early 2017 when his administration was
over black wealth had begun to recover
it was better than it was when he took
office the unemployment rate for my
travertine black home equity was still
17 thousand dollars lower than the
average well yeah it's it's lower but it
had improved Ryan I mean we might think
about it differently and to think about
what if you had had eight more years of
George Bush or if you had had those
years of Donald Trump so yes I believe
that there are ways that we can do
better I'm sure that that my colleagues
and the Obama administration would say
yes there ways that we wish or we'd
hoped things could have been done more
effectively but they were done much more
effectively and to benefit a wider group
of people including african-americans
and Latinos than this administration
than the George W Bush administration
I'm
dispute that of course you're a
politician right you understand
receptions if you're a part of the
Democratic base if you're a progressive
your person of color and you're looking
at kind of weighing up Obama's eight
years in office you do look at this you
think okay he bailed out banks in the
same way then he didn't bail out
homeowners and then when it came to
distress mortgages he goes and gives
them back to the same banks private
equity people who caused the crisis but
it doesn't look good does it well I
would say substantively that that's why
you know some of the changes that we
were that we did to make sure that more
of them could go into the hands of
nonprofits and more of them could go
into the hands of folks cities for
instance that wanted to help rebuild
those neighborhoods for the people that
live there that that makes sense and so
when folks raise those issues you know
we were receptive to that overall the
track record of the Obama administration
on these issues was much stronger than
the Bush administration and much
stronger than the Trump administration
and so that's a low bomb well but I
would say to folks you can't give up on
your democracy because people are not
hitting every mark that you want them to
hit I agree in this country for instance
that we need to be tougher on big
corporations I think that these tax cuts
that George Bush at that George Bush and
Donald Trump passed are ridiculous that
these Trump tax cuts benefit the super
wealthy and big corporations they never
should have happened we should repeal
them in the future yeah yeah at the same
time you know we also know that change
takes time
you
