the rich black soil on the side of this
volcano in Guatemala is normally the
stuff of farmers dreams but Ronald RAL
knows firsthand that what the volcano
can provide in bountiful harvests it can
just as quickly take away the Fuego
volcano's deadly eruption in early June
dumped tons of rocks and ash onto his
field the 28 year old was counting on
his corn harvest to feed his young
family for the coming year but all was
destroyed through not coppa the
plaintive Maduro cement oh there was a
layer of ash here 30 centimetres deep
that was super hard like cement it's
soft now because we've tried our best to
work the ground but this corn won't give
us anything like this plant here
no cob no nothing the eruption of Fuego
killed hundreds of people
a few kilometers north of the scene of
the disaster ash and volcanic rocks not
only damaged thousands of hectares of
corn and beans but also cash crops such
as vegetables coffee avocado and fruit
trees ronald is just one of 14,000
smallholder farmers who lost their crops
after June's volcanic eruption these
people are already some of the country's
most vulnerable and now they say they
need help
in a Highland town an hour away
government help is starting to arrive
Guatemala's Ministry of Agriculture is
providing shovels machetes and other
tools to thousands of farmers officials
say that those who lost all their
subsistence crops will also receive food
assistance for up to three months in
ramallah this is the agriculture
ministry's first response but soon we'll
be providing new coffee plants we'll
also be giving away seeds so farmers can
replant their fields but these are
medium term plans it will take two or
three years to be able to recover these
crops
in the meantime Ronald's family is
relying on public donations in order to
survive their year had begun with such
promise
his family rented extra land and planted
all the seeds that saved from previous
year's harvests in the hopes of getting
ahead now they have nothing to show for
their efforts
paying for corn means buying a hundred
to two hundred pounds every month
depending on the size of your family so
you could be paying around $50 a month
for corn but often you only make $20 a
week working in agriculture the money
doesn't go far enough despite the
setback Ronald and his family are
determined to get through the year ahead
he and other farmers here have faith
that the same volcanic ash that killed
this year's harvest will help produce a
bumper crop next year David Mercer
al-jazeera in the Department of
chimaltenango Guatemala
