my name is Sandra Sandra's from Cameroon
but her son is Chinese because he was
born here
both appear a lot these days on a
popular Chinese social media network
marriage between a Chinese man and an
African woman is still a curiosity here
so she and her husband decided to stream
their day-to-day lives fans send virtual
gifts which represent money I adore
China everyone is envious of me everyone
likes to see me happy everyone likes to
see me dancing they like me there are my
friends I'm missing nothing Sandra and
Xue Shan Shan married a year ago after
returning to his village near Dandong in
northeast China life can be harsh here
especially in winter when the
temperature drops to minus 20 in
Cameroon it's hot and humid most days
given the tiny kisses and hearts
flashing on the screens of their
smartphones symbols for virtual gifts
it's going to be a profitable day in a
good month they can make a thousand
dollars China's economic courtship of
Africa began 20 years ago one of the
consequences of that relationship a new
generation of mixed-race children 40
years ago it was all but impossible for
a foreign man or woman to live in China
let alone marry a Chinese but today
marriage is like this are no longer
exceptional marrying a foreigner is no
longer regarded as marrying down in the
way perhaps that it once was here
nowadays there are more and more
international marriages in China even
some of our friends also marry
foreigners Chinese have become more
accepting of intermarriage to begin with
though Zoe's mother was not so accepting
how can Chinese marry a black woman she
can leave at any time just why at the
beginning both my husband eyes they know
too this marriage
Sandra's had more success making friends
on social media having now mastered
enough Mandarin to thank them in song
Adrian Brown al-jazeera in northeast
China
