it's been more than 15 years now since
the conflict in Darfur in western Sudan
began but there's no end in sight to the
fighting the government continues its
attacks on insurgents and the region's
non Arab and African civilians a
campaign that the United Nations has
called a genocide one that has led to
the International Criminal Court's
indictment of Sudanese President Omar
al-bashir however with the authorities
preventing journalists going in and
information coming out Darfur has turned
into a black hole
for news as a result one broadcaster has
proven to be critically important radio
Dibango beaming in from Amsterdam to
remain beyond the reach of government
censors the station has become a rare
source of independent news for what it
says our it's more than three million
daily listeners but the broadcaster's
funding is drying out meaning that the
Banga could soon see its doors closed
for good the listening posts Johanna who
snow from Amsterdam on the roll of radio
de Banga in a region that has seen its
media environment blacked out by design
for family on the run in Darfur unsure
whether the next village will be any
safer than the one they just fled radio
Topanga can mean the difference between
life and death the small station run by
exiled r4e
thousands of miles away has been trying
to keep those back home safe as well as
providing listeners with much-needed
insight into one of the most sealed off
regions in the world
editor-in-chief Kemal Sadiq says the
Topanga has become much more than just a
shortwave radio station Espada Bunga
miss Lipp it's become the lungs with
which Sudanese people breathe by
reporting on security safety
displacement health issues fundamental
to the survival of Sudanese people but
for example there was a cholera breakout
which the government denied claiming it
was severe diarrhea da Bunga didn't just
create awareness it also offered advice
when the war was raging in Darfur we
were informing people where the fighting
was taking place so they had information
on how to get to safety
technically de Bunga has saved their
lives other media outlets in sudan or
censored de bangers location in
amsterdam allows its journalists to
report freely the government and its
state media outlets claim the Darfur
crisis is over but de Banga tells a
different story they report on the
absence of security the poor conditions
in the camps the number of victims
casualties the number of those displaced
the government doesn't want that side of
the crisis to come out el camale√≥n
Asma
Laura Manawa and nama it's a known fact
that they've created a total media
blackout but millions of darfur II want
to know what's happening around them
unfortunately none of the mainstream
media here will cover the conflict but
because radio Dibango operates from
outside and those providing the station
with information are unknown to the
authorities it makes it much safer for
them to do their work
that network of citizen journalists
often undercover as well as ordinary
civilians are what the bangla relies on
to produce its reports via their phones
and social media they send information
back to the bangus headquarters in
holland shedding light on a region that
the government prefers to keep in the
dark
Yomi and Allah we receive more than 100
calls a day and our to Bunga whatsapp
can get up to 1000 messages it's all
preliminary information that our wide
network of reporters on the ground then
verifies and authenticates only after
careful investigation do we publish
stories this is what gives de bunga its
credibility and fame when we report to
the people in Sudan we support our news
with evidence from the ground McDowell
Heather's radio dabangg Gus dependence
on civilians as sources of information
has been used by President Omar
al-bashir administration to discredit
the station
ever since the bunga's launched in 2008
Khartoum has gone to great lengths to
silence the broadcaster questioning its
credibility or even cutting its signal
the government body that regulates the
media is the National Council for press
and publications according to its
secretary-general the Bunga is in the
business of spreading fake news it's
fundamentally important for the
credibility of news that all sources
must be verified as well as objective
void of any personal or ulterior motives
much or maybe most of the mangas news
items lack such veracity this was most
evident in 2014 when they spread
erroneous news reports about an alleged
mass rape in the area of Tebbit those
alleged mass rapes caused widespread
hysteria but when proper investigations
were conducted by unbiased governmental
organisations the information turned out
to be false there was a mass rape of
girls and women over 200 ordered by the
Regular Army Commander in year
basse the story itself and the nature of
this extraordinarily barbaric act and
who ordered it that all came originally
from Radio Topanga
now some of the details had to be
corrected but Human Rights Watch a
number of months later would confirm
everything that radio Dibango was
reporting who is to say though that a
mistake has been made who is the who is
the alternative source of information
there is one do United Nations in
African Union joint peacekeeping mission
in Darfur you name it but there have
been serious questions about the
accuracy and credibility of its reports
the operation was set up in 2007 to
protect civilians and monitor the
situation on the ground but in 2013 its
former spokesperson I shall bus Reid
blew the whistle saying that for years
UNAMID used every trick to conceal the
truth about the liberabit government
bombings mass killings and forced
displacement of unarmed civilians the UN
African Union mission is an important
source of information in Darfur however
I don't believe it paints the complete
picture because these very same
organizations have interests that
converge with that of the Sudanese
government sure it provides us with
significant information because
journalists can't access the area at all
but those agencies fall short of giving
us a comprehensive picture of the
situation the UN African Union mission
in Darfur is almost worthless and as a
reporting source UNAMID just lied
shamelessly playing that they've been
completely successful and all their
goals have been achieved there was no
fighting just small arms banditry and
this was nonsense and they knew it was
nonsense but they couldn't afford to say
publicly just how great the failure was
they won't say anything the cartoon
doesn't allow them to say and
in that sense without the lifeline of
Radio Topanga news the lives and
livelihoods of people in Darfur are at
deep deep risk despite the critically
important rule that radio de bunga plays
for Sudanese audiences the broadcaster
now finds its future under threats the
station relies on funds from a
consortium of EU states and NGOs but
European governments are now working
with the Sudanese authorities to fight
terrorism and to stem the flow of
refugees heading north and that is
having serious effects on the station's
funding it's drying up which could mean
that radio the bunga's days are numbered
the crux of the issue is the
collaboration between the Sudanese
government and the international
community whose priorities have shifted
substantially terrorism and immigration
seem to be their only priority nowadays
and issues like Press Freedom have taken
a backseat
if radio Dibango were to close not only
what citizens lose their daily dose of
information it would be a great loss to
press freedom in Sudan I think without
radio Dibango we lose touch with what's
happening in Darfur because there are no
journalists because there's no human
rights reporting presence we don't have
any way of knowing where people are
starving
where malnutrition is extreme where rape
is occurring where farmers are being
driven off their lands murdered by our
militias cartoons goal has always been
to make it a black box to make it in an
invisible place and they're very very
close to success at this point if we
lose radio Dibango we lose sight of
Darfur
