it was an attack which drew
international condemnation and left the
parents of 40 children crying over their
graves 11 others were also killed in the
attack on a crowded market in houthi
hail Diane in the north of Yemen in
early August
initially the saudi-led coalition
claimed the attack was a justified
military operation it was targeting
Houthi leaders now it says it made
mistakes the joint team based on the
above information gathered is of the
opinion that the coalition forces should
take legal actions to try and penalize
those responsible for these mistakes
which caused collateral damage in that
area these mistakes are as follows first
delay in handling down the execution
order where the execution squadron
should have been waiting for the target
to approach a clearer area free of
civilians to avoid unjustified
collateral damage in line with the
approved rules of engagement on articles
57 and 58 of protocol one of the Geneva
Convention and the standard norms 17 and
19 the findings came just days after two
reports critical of the saudi-led
efforts in Yemen a UN panel of experts
said that both sides in the conflict
including the Saudi coalition could be
guilty of war crimes and Human Rights
Watch accused the saudi-led coalition of
failing to investigate allegations of
possible war crimes it said too often
their inquiries like transparency
credibility and did little to stop
airstrikes hitting civilians to be clear
the report does not expressly condemn
the killing of the children
it says the airstrike which targeted
Houthi leaders didn't need to be carried
out when it was because they pose no
immediate threat to coalition forces and
it says vital information was not passed
to the pilot who fired the fatal missile
so the investigators see those
responsible must be punished the joint
team is also of the opinion that the
coalition forces should take necessary
measures to immediately review and
verify the rules of engagement to prove
by them to ensure the total compliance
in all military operations in Yemen
there are suggestions the Saudis and
their allies have come under US pressure
to do more to cut the number of civilian
casualties the surprise admission of
mistake
meg was some way to improving relations
and peace talks are still planned to be
hosted by the UN later this month Alan
Fisher al Jazeera Djibouti
