a farewell to a giant of American life a
man who served his country in war and in
politics for over a half century more
than 2,000 invited guests at the
National Cathedral at the memorial
service of Senator John McCain some of
the most powerful people of American
political life were present to pay the
respects President Donald Trump was not
there
McCain's family did not invite him at
the memorial service nobody spoke
Trump's name but it was hard to miss
their repudiation of his politics while
channeling McCain's spirit the America
of John McCain has no need to be made
great again because America was always
great so much of our politics our public
life our public discourse can seem small
and mean and petty
it's a politics that pretends to be
brave and tough but in fact is born of
fear
John called on us to be bigger than that
George W Bush spoke of McCain's courage
perhaps above all John detested the
abuse of power could not abide bigots
and swaggering despots there was
something deep inside him that made him
stand up for the little guy
to speak for forgotten people in
forgotten places outside the cathedral
people gathered to watch and listen to
the memorial service any way they could
there was deep respect for McCain I
think he's a great politician an
American hero and a great person and I
think that Democrats and Republicans
should emulate him alike McCain embodies
that whole brotherhood of veterans he's
not just a military hero but he's an
American Hero
on Sunday McCain will be buried at a
small private funeral at the US Naval
Academy in Annapolis Maryland it will be
the culmination of a week-long
celebration of the life and legacy of a
man who
go down is one of America's most
important political leaders of his era
Gabriel Sandow al Jazeera Washington
