with ten million trees Johannesburg is
regarded as one of the world's greenest
cities but hundreds of thousands of
trees could be under threat from a tiny
beetle and the fungus it carries it's
it's a crisis man-made forest is under
threat because of this beetle and yeah
not enough is being done from a maybe a
government or a city level at a local
school tree surgeon
Julian or club is trying to stop the
spirit of the beetles which boy into
trees a fungus that the beetle brings to
the tree is actually clogging up in
layman's terms the vascular system in
the tree that's transporting the water
the nutrients up and down the tree so it
interferes with that and it's basically
because the water and nutrients can't
pass through that affected area or that
damaged area
it's the tree on the top dies back so
it's basically starving the tree nearby
an entire tree-lined Street has been
infested South Africa is not the first
country to be affected the beetle which
originates in Vietnam has already
decimated trees in Israel and the United
States now a South African company has
developed what it says is the world's
first effective treatment it's a
combination of a pesticide in an
antifungal solution that penetrates the
tree the company says while the
treatment will be sprayed onto trees
it's safe for the environment but this
bug killer still has to be approved
before it can be used but that could
take time and even if some trees are cut
down the bug could spread if the trees
are not properly disposed of after
discovering that trees in his backyard
had been affected Hilton fryer developed
an app to monitor the spread of the
Bravo beetle across South Africa the
various interest groups have all been
paying attention and collaborating and
certainly the people in the the private
space are working very aggressively to
try to find solutions the institutions
like Department of Agriculture they've
got some really great people but they're
under resourced and they're also dealing
with other crisis
some say the infestation is reaching
crisis point and up to half a million
trees could be lost in the next five
years if nothing's done and experts are
worried that the piste if not stopped
could hit farm crops next femida mela al
jazeera Johannesburg
