thirty-eight-year-old Victor Guzman
keeps an eye on municipal police while
selling a traditional rice drink from
Venezuela he still doesn't have a street
vendor permit trying to make a living
far away from home his heart he says but
worse is hearing slurs against
Venezuelans especially to people like me
a street vendor people tell me move get
out of here go back to your country an
armed assault mainly perpetrated by
Venezuelans and caught on security
cameras sparked a wave of anti
Venezuelan feeling in Peru
Victor says honest compatriots are
paying the price people have to
understand we are not all the same the
great majority is here to work and send
money to our families to get them out of
the inferno that Venezuela has become
businessmen if they do stop textile
emporium say the number of Venezuelans
working here is growing many Peruvians
say Venezuelans are taking their jobs
and some businessmen here have laid off
Peruvians because they say Venezuelans
charge them less the anti-immigration
sentiment among many Peruvians was
fueled by a conservative candidate Lemus
mayoral race in October he gained
popularity by saying Venezuelans are
threatening security and jobs
but government officials have condemned
sin of phobic slurs The Deuce open
border policy has led more than 400,000
Venezuelans in the country nearly 70,000
have already been granted work permits
Peruvian officials say the presence of
Venezuelan system in an impact in Peru's
health and education systems there are
nearly 30,000 Venezuelan children in
schools but they also say the impact is
positive in today's workforce because
many Venezuelans are doing the jobs
Peruvians don't want to take many
Peruvians reacted against growing
xenophobic sentiment by opening their
homes to shelter migrants and refugees
21 year old Alexandre Torrealba is
sleeping with 15 other Venezuelans in
one room I feel lucky to have been
offered this shelter but it's a pity
many compatriots are being mistreated
we're not here because we want to be but
because we need to be however the
majority of Venezuelans say they feel
welcome in Peru escaping from inflation
and food and medicine shortages back
home make them choose to endure almost
anything for a better future Ariana
Sanchez al Jazeera Lima Peru
