Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says
the decision by the United States to
stop funding the UN agency helping
palestine refugees is a flagrant assault
against his people more than 1 million
of them rely on food aid handed out by
Unruh so the decision by the u.s. not to
pay the anticipated 225 million dollars
this year could leave many without
enough to eat the shortfall in unrest
budget will mean the closure of primary
health clinics and the end to relief on
social services projects it runs for
registered Palestinian refugees these
provide Human Development and emergency
assistance for millions of people
unruhe also operates hundreds of schools
for half a million Palestinian children
in Gaza the occupied West Bank Jordan
Lebanon and Syria they opened their
doors this week with uncertainty we have
money to run them only until the end of
September and at the end of September
unruhe will be running on empty we won't
have enough money for our schools to pay
our 22,000 teaching staff a few days ago
the Commissioner General of Unruh said
the agency has been trying to diversify
its sources of funding it's appealing to
long-standing and large donors and Arab
countries to contribute to Unruh and
keep their schools open we have had the
first multi-year agreements with
countries like the Russian Federation
we've had very significant contributions
from Gulf countries we've had India
increase its contribution very
significantly as has China so there are
dynamics there and they're also dynamics
in the World Bank and the Islamic
Development Bank to provide more
stability for the long-term
unruhe says half a million students
without a school will lead to regional
instability the real losers will be some
of the most disadvantaged and vulnerable
people in a volatile part of the world
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
