hello I'm handsome seeker this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics after a week of NAFTA talks
we'll look at the impact Trump's
approach is having on world trade also
this week how high can they go Argentina
has the steepest interest rates in the
world after raising them to a record 60%
why social media celebrities vloggers
and Instagram personalities may be
forced to come clean about their product
endorsements so it's been a tense week
of haggling for Mexico the United States
and Canada the 24 year old North
Atlantic free trade agreement was
designed as a three-way deal so the US
and Mexico surprised everyone when they
reached a bilateral agreement first
Mexico's president-elect takes office in
December and so the Mexicans really want
a free trade deal before them the
message to Canada join in or face auto
tariffs it all amounted to a
pressure-cooker atmosphere it's worth
bearing in mind that any deal will still
need the approval of legislators in all
three countries Canadian foreign
minister Chrystia Freeland went to
Washington to try to repair the damage
asked if a deal could be reached she
said this these are tempting me to say
something Churchillian at the end of the
beginning the beginning at the end look
let me just say
a lot has been accomplished a Simon ever
net joins me now from st. gallen
University in Switzerland he oversees
the mba program there and is a professor
of international trade and economic
development thanks very much for being
with us
so does this updated NAFTA have have the
kind of support that it needs from from
the business community and the general
public right now the updated NAFTA
agreement especially the us-mexican deal
will be supported by business really for
almost the relief he gives because the
uncertainty was killing investment plans
as for public support for this I expect
it will be much greater in the steel
sector and in their car sector and and
in the states in the United States where
those industries are well represented
like Michigan so what was a state there
then between between those industries
that you're talking about particularly
between the relationship they have
between the US and Mexico and is it
really that different from the current
NAFTA deal well you've asked two things
so let me answer the second one first
the new NAFTA deal is actually a very
small modification of the old NAFTA deal
it's been dressed up to look like it's a
big deal for political reasons and this
is one of the reasons why I think the
business community will be so relieved
to see that there hasn't been there
won't be too much disruption to their
supply chains there's enough meat in
here which has been given to the trade
unions however that they will be
supportive of this particular deal when
it goes before Congress and what about
the negotiating tactics of President
Trump then particularly the pressure
that he's been putting on on Canada this
week to to reach a deal this week what
if what do you make of that what effect
is it having so the negotiating tactics
of the Trump administration is a classic
power play they've essentially divided
Canada and Mexico Mexico needed to have
a deal quickly before their current
president leaves office and that
requires signature by the end of this
week and then this deal was done with
the Canadians outside of the room and of
course once the deal was done with
Mexico Canada desperately wants to
retain its membership of NAFTA and so
will come under enormous pressure this
week to make concessions to the
Americans probably in the areas of dairy
products and and investment disputes and
president Trump generally prefers
bilateral deals rather than multilateral
deals and he certainly likes to tweet
about it publicly what what can we learn
from all of that this week I think we
learned that in this sense he is true to
his word did the president doesn't like
negotiating with big groups or even
small groups of countries he wants to
deal with each country one by one it
should be said however that the deal
he's doing with Mexico and he will
probably do with Canada is a bit like
the renegotiation of the Korean trade
agreement and that was you know these
are these are deals which have been
reworked and ultimately to the advantage
of the United States but there are no
there are no more such renegotiations
planned that the United States has so I
think in terms of the broader
implications going forward this NAFTA
negotiation is rather Specialists the
last in the renegotiations that he
wanted to undertake I think that much
bigger questions will turn to how he how
he treats China and automobile imports
in general in the months ahead yeah so
what I mean can we measure at this stage
what impact all of this is going to have
on on global trade the impact of the
Reid work NAFTA deal is going to be
absolutely trivial for global trade
there will be some Mexican firms who
will want to source more parts and
components from North America and less
from Latin America and and from China
but this will be relatively small I
think the big the big factor is that as
more and more evidence builds that
trumps bark is worse than his bite on
trade then business uncertainty and
fears about a trade war will subside and
this will help bolster investment and
trade flows so I think the the main
mechanism is actually through reducing
fear of the business community that the
world trading system could be seriously
disrupted by any of Trump's tactics
mainly because he is just not converting
his harsh tweets into severe sanctions
other than
for China who are who is feeling the
brunt of his particular pressure at the
moment
so what's all this gonna mean then for
consumers is it is it gonna mean higher
prices for some some goods for them
particularly cars you mentioned cars
earlier there will be a slight increases
in the costs of cars produced in the
North American region probably greater
increases in costs in Mexico than in the
United States some of that will be
passed on to consumers probably is for
in this small end cars which have much
smaller profit margins larger cars have
much larger profit margins and the
firm's can absorb some of the costs
there c√≠mon ever net good to speak of
you thanks very much for being with us
thank you very much a u.s. president
Donald Trump googled himself this week
and he didn't like what came up without
any evidence he accused Google of giving
prominence to news articles that are
negative about him he's vowed to address
the situation our White House
correspondent Kimberly how could has
more allegations from US president
Donald Trump but tech giants like Google
and Facebook are silencing conservative
opinions we have literally thousands and
thousands of complaints coming in and
you just can't do that so I think that
Google and Twitter and Facebook they're
really treading on very very troubled
territory and they have to be careful
it's not fair to large portions of the
population Trump's comments follow a
Tuesday morning tweet where Trump
claimed he googled the search term Trump
News with negative results
he says online searches are rigged by
liberal owned media groups to shadow ban
or silenced conservative viewpoints
that's why Trump economic advisor Larry
Kudlow says the administration isn't
ruling out action even regulation as you
know we're taking a look at it in a
statement google denies that searches
are selective it says that when a user
types a query into the Google search bar
its goal is to make sure they receive
the most relevant answers in a matter of
seconds search is not used to set a
political agenda
we don't bias our results toward any
political idea
oh gee he's not accurate this tech
industry analyst says Trump's allegation
the tech giants are systematically
biased against conservatives is nothing
new if Trump is google searching himself
in finding that a lot of people don't
like him that's because a lot of people
don't like him now to be clear that
would also been true if Barack Obama had
googled himself but conservatives in the
u.s. are pushing back
it's basically an intergalactic invasion
into this space through people they
point to the recent removal of
controversial right wing radio host Alex
Jones from Facebook YouTube and Spotify
private tech companies say they're
legally within their rights to ban
offensive content critics say there's
silencing dissent some Republican
members of Congress are even arguing
today's big tech companies are
monopolies in the marketplace it should
be regulated to foster political debate
from all sides a move the White House
now appears to be considering all right
still to come on counting the cost I'm
Florence louis in sabah state malaysia
where the demand for land development
and biofuel is threatening not just for
us but a way of life
but first Argentina's currency continues
to fall despite central bank raising the
key interest rate to 60% the highest in
the world labor unions are planning war
counts and students have been on the
streets over university cuts porchetto
jan reports the downpour from turbulent
economic storms over Argentina couldn't
stop these University students on
Thursday night the students along with
their professors braved the rain to
march through Buenos Aires and expressed
their outrage over budget cuts in
education but I'm here to defend free
and high quality public education
salaries don't match the rate of
inflation on top of a lower university
budget the country is in a crisis
because of the International Monetary
Fund
the International Monetary Fund has
extended a fifty billion dollar bailout
loan to Argentina when president
Mauricio Macri asked for an early
release of the IMF funds the peso
tumbled to a new low against the dollar
ending the day at nearly half the value
it had on January the 1st with a dollar
worth over 40 pesos we cannot buy
teaching material supplies or tools
inflation is exceeding 30 percent and we
are earning less than we need to feed
ourselves there are teachers who are
living in poverty
protesters say basic needs get more
expensive every day utility rates have
increased 1,500 percent and businesses
are closing leaving more people jobless
they blame president Macri for what they
call an economic disaster economists say
the government needs to stop foreign
currency from leaving the country
however the government has done the
exact opposite they totally deregulated
markets sort of setting the grounds for
this run on the dollar president Macri
is trying to ease panic among investors
he has promised to restore economic
growth while cutting Argentina's budget
deficit reducing inflation and making
the 640 billion dollar economy more
competitive in a voice I thought I
thought I think you have to give the
government time the legacy of the
previous government is very pronounced
very complicated but not everyone agrees
that more time and patience will save
our janina's economy from a total
collapse all right let's take a look at
some other stories catching our
attention this week it was billed as the
biggest IPO ever but Reuters news agency
reported Saudi Arabia's King Salman has
put the brakes on the planned public
sale of the National Oil Company the
flotation of five percent of Saudi
Aramco was supposed to happen this year
but has now been put off indefinitely it
was a key part of Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman Saudi 2030 economic
development plan but the Reuters report
says the king doesn't want to open up
the books to regulators Robert mogul
nikki is a senior analyst at the seaward
group a consultancy and
Vica see organization he says Saudi
Arabia's economic outlook has changed we
have to remember back when this IPO is
announced it was early 2016 the economic
context was very different than it is
now Saudi Arabia was coming off of a
year where their budget deficit reached
close to a hundred billion dollars the
price of oil was still low there were a
lot of reforms that were on the agenda
but had yet to be implemented and I
think we have to remember that that's
the context within which the IPO idea
came about now after the enthusiasm
around that IPO has subsided we see a
very different economic context in Saudi
Arabia the IMF issued a relatively
positive consultation that they
concluded in July we saw growth non-oil
growth reaching about 2.3 percent a
decrease in the but year-on-year budget
deficit from about 9 to 4.5 percent
expected in 2018 and also the
introduction of various other economic
measures like the value-added tax and
reducing fuel subsidies so of course
there's going to be some disappointment
on from global investors that were very
hungry for to be part of this IPO there
will certainly be a disappointment from
some policymakers within Saudi Arabia
that hoped that they could generate
approximately a hundred billion dollars
from this IPO that would then feed into
the public investment fund now one
company that is gearing up for an IPO is
UK luxury carmaker Aston Martin it wants
to list shares on the London Stock
Exchange later this year and it's aiming
high we talk of a six billion dollar
valuation it also wants to double
production from current levels but
achieving that goal could depend on its
success in attracting female buyers
James Bond's favorite sports car maker
has only ever managed to sell 5% of its
cars to women our driverless vehicles
were in focus this week Japanese car
maker Toyota announced its investing 500
million dollars in uber the idea is that
Toyota will provide the cars and uber
the autonomous driving technology
but their future Robo taxi business
model has yet to be fully worked out big
questions over safety remain unresolved
after the first pedestrian death
involving a self-driving Ober back in
March and a big move in the world of
caffeinated drinks coca-cola has snapped
up Costa the u.s. soft drink giant paid
more than five billion dollars for the
world's second-largest coffee chain to
the UK's Whitbread the deal will give
coke almost four thousand coffee outlets
in the UK and across Europe hot
beverages is one of the few areas of the
drinks landscape where coca-cola does
not have a global brand our celebrity
social media influences have a new set
of online followers Advertising
Standards authorities online celebrities
and vloggers have millions of followers
across platforms like Instagram and
Facebook that's why they're called
influences but many of these stars do
not reveal if they have been paid to
promote fashion or beauty products or
even services like plastic surgery and
that is something authorities in the UK
and in the u.s. are starting to examine
and prosecute according to a study by
media kicks and influencer marketing
agency 93% of sponsored posts made by
the top followed celebrities on
Instagram are not disclosed the fashion
industry is one of the biggest sponsors
of social media advertising but many
beauty tutorial creators for example
neglect to mention that they're being
paid to promote products big brands such
as tobacco companies use social media
influences to promote their products
consumer watchdogs in the US and in the
UK say they have started looking more
closely at social media marketing
practices one of the reasons is because
influencer marketing has become
extremely popular for targeting
Generation Z that is the demographic
roughly aged 11 to 18 the message is
clear social media stars who don't come
clean about being paid to promote
certain brands could find themselves in
court along with their sponsors
which only mean now from London is Roopa
Shah and influencer marketing regulatory
consultant and founder of hashtag thanks
very much for being with us so for the
uninitiated among us just explain to us
broadly what what exactly is influencer
marketing sure it's at its most simple
it's where a brand's will partner with a
somebody with a large social media
following to promote their products and
that might be through just a single
sponsored post or through a long-term
campaign so people like the Kardashians
for example they would be they will be a
good example of influencer marketers yes
yes they are example they're an example
of a celebrity but actually quite a lot
of influencer marketing happens with
someone with people with much smaller
followings so for example ten to a
hundred thousand followers they might
not be celebrities we know them you
might not see them on TV but they will
have big for example Instagram or
Facebook or Twitter followings and some
of these celebrities are getting a
little bit more scrutiny now aren't they
because of the products that they're
pushing and the fact that many people
are not aware that a lot of them are
being paid to do this are we reaching a
point now where the that they are going
to get more scrutiny from from
advertising authorities and so on
absolutely yes I think it's been
described as the Wild West previously
where you know the average person
couldn't actually tell if a post had
been sponsored or paid for in some way
so the advent of investigations from the
FTC the aasa' in now the CMA it's
definitely the influences are much more
aware of what they need to be doing and
brands are also a lot more aware of how
they need to ensure that posts are
clearly disclosed why is this so
important what does this mean to
so-called Generation Z or generation Zed
that's coming up now well it's important
because you know Generation Z we are
consuming much more social media content
than we ever have before so the markets
you know the market for influencer
marketing is growing exponentially
and we're immersed in it so
traditionally we've always been able to
tell the difference between advertising
for example on TV and editorial content
there's been a clear distinction between
the two whereas with social media
marketing sometimes it's very difficult
for an consumer to be able to tell what
is paid for and what isn't and it's
important for consumers to know this
because it will make a difference to
their decision as to whether they
actually believe that influence that
cares about that product and makes a
decision difference as to whether they
actually want to purchase that product
so being very clear as to whether
something is an advert and when it isn't
is important for consumers that world
and how big an industry are we talking
about here at the moment I mean how big
is the influencer market in the UK and
around the world it's huge so globally
we're talking billions of dollars and
it's growing exponentially so I think
some forecasts are estimating
potentially twenty billion dollars in by
2020 so it's a it's a massive market and
one in which brands and advertisers are
fully aware that there there can be some
gains huge gains to be made from from
using influencer marketing so it's set
to rise certainly and how big a budget
do two companies themselves allocate for
something like this thing that can
really vary so it can go from anything
from very little some brands still don't
use influencer marketing to up to 40
percent or 100 percents certainly some
products I've seen are actually the you
know the whole premise of that product
is to be sold via influencer marketing
only and you will only ever seen it
complete marketed on Instagram or you
know Twitter or IG TV for example now
one of the news platforms so it's it
depends on the brands but if you know if
it's a brand that continually markets
most of them will have allocated a
budget certainly by 2020 a large
proportion of their project to influence
the marketing Rupesh ah thanks very much
for being with us you're welcome thank
you and finally biofuels have been
touted as a green alternative to fossil
fuel and global demand for biofuels
containing palm oil looks set to grow
behind this green push is a hidden
destructive element forests in Southeast
Asia are being cleared to make way for
oil palm plantations it's also consumed
by half the world's population
Florence lui reports from camping
scheduled in sub off state Malaysia
Sabah in East Malaysia is renowned for
the beauty of its natural landscape one
of its draws is the tropical rainforest
dense undergrowth tall majestic trees
rich in plant and animal diversity it's
also a way of life for some like jihad
in binge Ahamed for generations the
people from his community in sidled
village have relied on the jungle for
much of their needs many things that we
use come from the forest we is returned
to make and build things some plants are
used in traditional medicine the insects
too are useful we take honey from the
bees it has medicinal qualities even the
water they drink used to come from the
forest but not since the area around it
was cleared for development to harden
and some villagers fought against the
encroachment but to no avail
logging in this forest and the
landslides that occurred as a result of
that have affected this stream it's a
trickle compared to what it used to be
and the water is no longer clear but
muddy
since 2013 much of the forest has been
wiped out the trees replaced by a single
crop oil palm Sabah is the top palm oil
producer in Malaysia which in turn is
the second largest exporter in the world
after Indonesia demand for the commodity
is set to grow driven in part by the
push for biofuel particularly in China
and Indonesia that could spell a
disaster for forests as land is cleared
to make way for plantations but the
roundtable on sustainable palm oil or
RSPO says alternatives to the commodity
may be even worse balm oil has a year
that is four to ten times higher than
other oils so it requires for ten times
less land to make the same amount of oil
out of the land is utilized so the
solution is not to say let's stop
balmoral let's go to something else but
is to make sure that whatever we produce
is produced sustainably and that's what
the RSPO comes into play the RSPO is a
voluntary organization and while it sets
standards on palm oil production it has
not committed to zero deforestation for
the people in so dual village what they
lament is the loss of the forest they
say the land belong to their ancestors
and should be theirs for generations to
come
and that is our show for this week
remember you can get in touch with us by
tweeting me at azzam seeker and use the
hashtag a JCTC when you do or drop us an
email counting the cost at al jazeera
dotnet
is our address and as always there is
more for you online at Al Jazeera comm /
CTC that will take you straight to our
page which has individual reports links
and entire episodes for you to catch up
on so that's it for this edition of
counting the cost I'm handsome seeker
from the whole team here thanks for
joining us the news on edges here is
next
