national fire kept damaging stories
about president Trump locked away in a
stag the longtime friend of the
presidents who helped catch and kill
negative stories about president did not
commit a crime wiring minds want to know
what is in the safe what is fast
becoming one of the worst weeks for
president Trump since he took office
hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
stories were covering this week
inquiring minds prosecutors and the
American news media all want to know
what does the man in charge of the
National Enquirer have on Donald Trump
out of Amsterdam and into Darfur the
radio station that beams news and
information to citizens left in the dark
Facebook takes down another twenty
accounts in Myanmar among them the
commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces
and no one can read the mind of the
White House press secretary but we can
read her lips I just can't stand the
faces of you people badly the question
in Washington these days is not just
where is the Muller investigation into
President Donald Trump going but who is
next after seeing both his lawyer
Michael Cohen and a central figure in
his business empire Allen yslow Berg
agreed to cooperate with prosecutors in
exchange for immunity Trump then learned
that David pecker a longtime friend and
a key media player had done the same
pecker is the chairman of American media
Inc ami which owns the National Enquirer
a supermarket tabloid not known for
stellar journalism the Enquirer is part
of the Trump story not just because of
the stories it published but because of
the ones that didn't the practice is
known as catch and kill it works like
this if someone had a potentially
damaging story about Donald Trump for
sale The Enquirer would buy it and bury
it so that that bad news would never see
the light of day what about the legal
precedent though a newspaper under
investigation
- that prosecutors argue The Enquirer is
no news outlet it's a political tool our
starting point this week is New York
City
they're dropping like flies
flipping like pancakes one by one some
of Donald Trump's closest confidants
have become witnesses for the possible
prosecution of the President
those people are Michael Cohen who was
Trump's longtime personal attorney and
his longtime fixer and you also now have
Ellen whistle Berg who was the CFO of
the Trump Organization and was sort of
the guy who took care of Trump's money
and David pecker who would headed the
group that owned the National Enquirer
and kept a lot of Trump secrets so you
have the guy who got rid of his legal
troubles the guy who got rid of his
money problems and the guy who got rid
of his scandals now all cooperating in
these investigations and the notion now
that David pecker might flip on Donald
Trump is a real huge development I don't
think you can overstate it because the
fact of the matter is I think these two
guys know a lot about each other and if
one of them starts talking about the
other one in this case the publisher
talking about the president there's no
end where that will go
but it cannot be good for Donald Trump
the publication that David pecker
controls the National Enquirer holds a
unique seedy place in the American media
landscape founded in 1926 it's a
supermarket tabloid and it goes where
other papers do not openly paying
sources for stories of the most
sensational kind during the 2016
presidential election campaign the
Enquirer's support for Donald Trump was
flagrant it lauded the candidate went
after his Republican rivals with dubious
allegations and then did the same with
Hillary Clinton
the Enquirer's journalism was not worthy
of having an effect on the elections
outcome however given its visibility it
may well have the National Enquirer is a
trashy people a trashy tabloid it's not
even political right most of its
coverage is about celebrity scandals
half of which are not true however it
does have a prominent place in u.s.
culture both for the kind of just
pleasure of reading a salacious gossip
that it propounds and also because
physically in all supermarkets across
the nation the National Enquirer is
found right at the checkout line the
cover of the National Enquirer is seen
by millions and millions of people who
are low information voters who don't
even need to buy the magazine and they
read the headline and they think at
least a lot of them do that it's at
least credible if not totally real
that's something you literally cannot
purchase it was very obvious the
National Enquirer through Donald Trump's
friendship with David Becker was an arm
of the Trump campaign and in fact they
were doing things that a campaign would
never dream of trying to get away with
the National Enquirer is also where
stories go to die
when those stories are potentially
damaging to Donald Trump in August of
2016 just months before the election The
Enquirer paid a former Playboy model
Karen McDougal one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for her story of an
affair with Trump the agreement
stipulated that mcdougal could not tell
her story to anyone else but The
Enquirer never published it it caught
the story then effectively killed it
and the paper did the same with the
story alleging Trump had fathered a
child out of wedlock in the late 1980s
and those are just the catch and kill
stories involving Trump and The Enquirer
that we know about no one would be
shocked if there were others what David
Packard does is he buys the rights to
those stories but then he never
publishes those stories those stories
never see the light of day he keeps them
in a safe but in return
David pecker gets other things from
Trump other stories other bits of gossip
and he treats on that with Donald Trump
if you go out and pay a substantial
amount of money for a story and then you
put that story side you kill it during
the course of a campaign you are
effectively making a campaign
contribution if we've got a circumstance
where information that would be of
interest the great mass of people is
being pulled out of the process and
hidden on behalf of a particular
candidate it's hard not to see that as
beneficial to the candidate so they are
both responsible for burnishing his
reputation as well as for making sure
that negative coverage of him did not
come to light so the fact that pecker is
now working for the investigation means
that all of the knowledge of those
stories and we only know a couple but
it's likely that there's more are now
going to become known by the
investigators into Trump and into
potential collusion how worried is
Donald Trump about what kind of stories
the Enquirer has under lock and key
according to the New York Times very it
reported this past week that Trump tried
to buy those stories from ami just prior
to the 2016 election but then an
agreement between him and David pecker
was never reached and Trump isn't the
only American concerned by the fact that
the Enquirer is under investigation and
the potential legal precedent this case
could set newspapers even ones like The
Enquirer are constitutionally protected
under the First Amendment which
guarantees freedom of the press I
believe in a very broad interpretation
of the First Amendment and that even a
gossip publication they have a full
right to invoke those
affections because it is often on the
margins that stories that need to be
told
our first hold and so I think we still
have to be very conscious of the right
of editors and publishers writers to
assert freedom of the press protections
well this might not be a news flash to
everybody but the National Enquirer
doesn't do journalism you know there's a
big difference between being biased in
someone's behalf and doing their dirty
work
working with their fixer Michael Cohen
to shut people up who might have
negative stories about Donald Trump the
claim here is that the National Enquirer
was effectively making a campaign
contribution to Donald Trump and that
would be a violation of our campaign
finance laws
Donald Trump first rose to prominence
decades ago in New York for that he had
the city's tabloids to thank his brash
persona suited the Daily News and the
New York Post far better than the New
York Times they could not get enough of
him
these days the Times is among the
outlets Trump targets the disgusting and
labels the enemy of the American people
now as the prosecutors appear to be
closing in the biggest threat posed to
the present comes not from the Times CNN
or The Washington Post it comes from a
tabloid and all the news that the
National Enquirer
did not consider fit to print we're
looking at other media stories that are
on our radar this week with one of our
producers will young will face book has
taken down 20 accounts in Myanmar
including some belonging to senior
government officials who are they well
undoubtedly the biggest name among them
is the commander-in-chief of Myanmar's
Armed Forces senior general min al clang
others taken down include more military
figures and the army controlled near
Wadi TV channel now this comes after a
UN report recommending that six military
leaders including general min be
investigated by the International
Criminal Court in The Hague for their
part in genocide crimes against humanity
and the war crimes against her hinder
Muslims now additionally Facebook has
removed dozens more accounts for
so-called inauthentic behavior which in
this case refers to pushing the messages
of the Myanmar military under the guise
of independent news and commentary and
this isn't the first time that Facebook
has had to scramble to salvage its
reputation in Myanmar over its role in
politics there is it no it isn't earlier
this year Facebook banned a number of
ultra nationalist Buddhist monks from
the site for anti-muslim hate speech but
still just two weeks ago reuters
published a report showing that hundreds
of posts calling for violence against
muslims was still accessible now
remember that facebook is basically
synonymous with the internet in the an
minds that dominate
and UN investigators say hate speech
hosted by the platform played a
determining role in violence that has
driven 700,000 Rangers across the border
into Bangladesh Facebook for its part
has admitted not for the first time that
it's been too slow to respond to the
problem moving on to the UK now the
broadcast regulator in Britain has ruled
that a television channel Sky TV has
broken the rules by airing
advertisements that were paid for by the
government of Saudi Arabia what's the
story there well it relates to the visit
of Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman to the UK five months ago during
his three-day visit a minute-long TV ad
for Saudi Arabia's vision 2030 project
appeared 56 times on the British TV
channel Sky one the ad was a polished
presentation of a country assuring big
changes in the fields of culture society
and the economy and the takeaway message
was that partnership with Britain brings
benefits to both countries but the UK
broadcast regulator Ofcom ruled this
week that the ad violated regulations on
paid political advertising stating that
it was quote intended to influence
public opinion in the UK on matters of
public controversy now at the time of
bin Salman visit there were protests and
questions in Parliament regarding
Britain's strong support for Saudi
Arabia despite its poor human rights
record and the devastating saudi-led war
in Yemen so that's the ruling what about
the consequences though will there be
lasting repercussions from this decision
it would seem not sky says the ad was
cleared by the advertising industry
screening service clear cast which
disagreed with Ofcom's ruling arguing
that the ad was promoting trade with
Saudi Arabia which they said was in line
with British foreign policy but Saudi
Arabia and other countries will have to
think twice before running similar ads
in the future and sky will have to do
the same before airing them okay thanks
well it's been more than 15 years now
since the conflict in Darfur in western
Sudan began but there's no end in sight
to the fighting the government continues
its attacks on insurgents and the
region's non Arab and African civilians
a campaign that the United Nations has
called a genocide one that has led to
the International Criminal Court's
indictment
of Sudanese President Omar al-bashir
however with the authorities preventing
journalists going in and information
coming out Darfur has turned into a
black hole for news as a result one
broadcaster has proven to be critically
important Radio de Banga beaming in from
Amsterdam to remain beyond the reach of
government censors the station has
become a rare source of independent news
for what it says are its more than three
million daily listeners but the
broadcaster's funding is drying out
meaning that the banget could soon see
its doors closed for good
the listening-posts Johanna who's now
from Amsterdam on the roll of radio de
Banga in a region that has seen its
media environment blacked out by design
for family on the run in Darfur unsure
whether the next village will be any
safer than the one they just fled radio
Topanga can mean the difference between
life and death the small station run by
exile Darfur II thousands of miles away
has been trying to keep those back home
safe as well as providing listeners with
much-needed insight into one of the most
sealed off regions in the world
editor-in-chief Kemal Sadiq says that a
Bunga has become much more than just a
shortwave radio station Espada Bunga
miss Lee it's become the lungs with
which Sudanese people breathe by
reporting on security safety
displacement health issues fundamental
to the survival of Sudanese people but
for example there was a cholera breakout
which the government denied claiming it
was severe diarrhea da Bunga didn't just
create awareness it also offered advice
when the war was raging in Darfur
we were informing people where the
fighting was taking place so they had
information on how to get to safety
technically de Bunga has saved their
lives other media outlets in Sudan were
censored topanga's location in Amsterdam
allows its journalists to report freely
the government and its state media
outlets claim the Darfur crisis is over
but de Banga tells a different story
they report on the absence of security
the poor conditions in the camps the
number of victims casualties the number
of those displaced the government
doesn't want that side of the crisis to
come out Gamelin Asma
Hiralal dark maluma and nama it's a
known fact that they've created a total
media blackout but millions of darfur II
want to know what's happening around
them unfortunately none of the
mainstream media here will cover the
conflict but because radio Dibango
operates from outside and those
providing the station with information
are unknown to the authorities it makes
it much safer for them to do their work
that network of citizen journalists
often undercover as well as ordinary
civilians are what the bangla relies on
to produce its reports via their phones
and social media they send information
back to the bangus headquarters in
holland shedding light on a region that
the government prefers to keep in the
dark
Yomi at the latke we received more than
100 calls a day and outa Bunga whatsapp
can get up to 1000 messages it's all
preliminary information at our wide
network of reporters on the ground then
verifies and authenticates only after
careful investigation do we publish
stories this is what gives to Bunga its
credibility and fame when we report to
the people in sudan we support our news
with evidence from the ground McDowell
Heather's radio dabangg gas dependence
on civilians as sources of information
has been used by President Omar
al-bashir administration to discredit
the station ever since the bunga's
launched in 2008 Khartoum has gone to
great lengths to silence the broadcaster
questioning its credibility or even
cutting its signal the government body
that regulates the media is the National
Council for press and publications
according to its secretary-general the
Bunga is in the business of spreading
fake news it's fundamentally important
for the credibility of news that all
sources must be verified as well as
objective void of any personal or
ulterior motives much or maybe most of
the mangas news items lack such veracity
this was most evident in 2014 when they
spread erroneous news reports about an
alleged mass rape in the area of tabot
those alleged mass rapes caused
widespread hysteria but when proper
investigations were conducted by
unbiased governmental organisations the
information turned out to be false there
was a mass rape of girls and women over
200 ordered by the Regular Army
Commander
basse the story itself and the nature of
this extraordinarily barbaric act and
who ordered it that all came originally
from Radio 2 Banga now some of the
details had to be corrected but Human
Rights Watch a number of months later
would confirm everything that radio de
Banga was reporting who is to say though
that a mistake has been made who is the
who is the alternative source of
information there is one do United
Nations in African Union joint
peacekeeping mission in Darfur UNAMID
but there have been serious questions
about the accuracy and credibility of
its reports the operation was set up in
2007 to protect civilians and monitor
the situation on the ground but in 2013
its former spokesperson I shall be sorry
blew the whistle saying that for years
UNAMID used every trick to conceal the
truth about the liberabit government
bombings mass killings and forced
displacement of unarmed civilians the UN
African Union mission is an important
source of information in Darfur however
I don't believe it paints the complete
picture because these very same
organizations have interests that
converge with that of the Sudanese
government sure it provides us with
significant information because
journalists can't access the area at all
but those agencies for short of giving
us a comprehensive picture of the
situation the UN African Union mission
in Darfur is almost worthless and as a
reporting source UNAMID just lied
shamelessly claiming that they've been
completely successful and all their
goals have been achieved there was no
fighting just small arms banditry this
was nonsense and they knew it was
nonsense but they couldn't afford to say
publicly just how great the failure was
they won't say anything the cartoon
doesn't allow them to say and
in that sense without the lifeline of
Radio Topanga news the lives and
livelihoods of people in Darfur are at
deep deep risk despite the critically
important rule that radio de Bunga plays
for Sudanese audiences the broadcaster
now finds its future under threats the
station relies on funds from a
consortium of EU states and NGOs but
European governments are now working
with the Sudanese authorities to fight
terrorism and to stem the flow of
refugees heading north and that is
having serious effects on the station's
funding it's drying up which could mean
that radio de bunga's days are numbered
the crux of the issue is the
collaboration between the Sudanese
government and the international
community whose priorities have shifted
substantially terrorism and immigration
seem to be their only priority nowadays
and issues like Press Freedom have taken
a backseat
if radio Dibango were to close not only
would citizens lose their daily dose of
information it would be a great loss to
press freedom in Sudan have you ever saw
that I think without radio Dibango we
lose touch with what's happening in
Darfur because there are no journalists
because there's no human rights
reporting presence we don't have any way
of knowing where people are starving
where malnutrition is extreme where rape
is occurring where farmers are being
driven off their lands murdered by our
militias cartoons goal has always been
to make it a black box to make it an
invisible place and they're very very
close to success at this point if we
lose radio Dibango we lose sight of
Darfur and finally it was just a matter
of time until the people or the person
behind the YouTube channel DLR gave
White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee
Sanders the bad lip reading treatment
DLR has been at this for years now the
channel racks up huge numbers taking
videos from the world of news and
entertainment then overdubbing them with
completely inappropriate words that
somehow
seem to match the lip movements to be
clear miss Huckabee Sanders says none of
the nasty things that she appears to say
to the White House press corps in the
following video but you get the feeling
reading her body language that she
wishes she could we'll see you next time
here at The Listening Post
okay idiots are you ready I just can't
stand the faces of you people those dead
questioning eyes dummies don't matter
Creed oh hey the way you talked to me I
mean do you need to talk so evil uh do
you need to look like a stuffed baked
potato in that Walmart shirt cuz you
said chocolate curl you know how I was
part of a game that made bed quilts sure
okay so this one guy Benji Benkelman had
this horrible breast pocket so maybe
we'll just wrap that up turd what I
really need is a craft table a magic
wand and someone to feed me pickles okay
Jeeves do you feel you prefer ice sheets
or maybe like summer rain or I could
feed you to the polar bears alright
Johnny it's Gina what I said Jenna Gina
I'm sorry Gina yeah I don't know
chachi stink leg Bork varicose Ken I'm
crazy about you when can I see you you
know
never sounds like a good day hey I'm
sensitive yet dangerous yeah I make
nachos okay to be honest I think that
most people in the world will find you
disappointing why you seeing this cuz
you set
