the battle for it lived the Syrian
government and its main ally Russia
appear to be preparing for an all-out
offensive for the rebels it would likely
be the last stand after more than seven
years of fighting beyond the military
and human cost what will an assault on
it Lib tell us about Syria's future this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Hashim Alberto ah Syria's Civil War
may soon and but not without one final
humanitarian crisis as the government of
Bashar al-assad has reclaimed one city
and region after another its opponents
have been driven into ever smaller areas
many are now concentrated in the
northern province of Idlib recent
statements from the government and its
ally Russia have hinted that a push to
retake this last major rebel-held area
may begin soon we begin with this
reports from Stephanie Decker who is
just across the border from adlib in the
Turkish city of Antalya all eyes now on
the rebel-held province of Idlib the
Syrian government has always said it was
going to take it back and it seems an
offensive is now imminent what form will
this offensive take that remains the
question will it be limited will it be
an all-out war while there's intensive
negotiations going on behind the scenes
between Turkey between the Russians and
also rebel groups on the ground
particular group called hiatal sham now
this group formerly associated with al
Qaeda known as the nusra front that is
the main issue this is what Russia and
Syria say are terrorists and why they
are going to be undertaking this
offensive while the UN special envoy to
Syria Staffan de Mistura put their
number at around 10,000 fighters but of
course more importantly is the
humanitarian situation almost 3 million
people are inside it lip province half
of those are people internally displaced
from other conflict zones inside Syria
also a lot of people who left areas
under these so called reconciliation
deals rebels and their families who
didn't want to stay in government
controlled areas came to it Lib they now
have nowhere to go so there's talk of
potential humanitarian corridors where
will they go because there's no more
opposition-held territory people are
terrified of what will happen to them if
they cross into regime areas and of
course the borders here in Turkey remain
firmly shot Turkey's nightmare situation
is of tens of thousands of people
begging to be left in medic begging to
be left inside Turkey already 100
of thousands of tents of internally
displaced line the border so this is my
intensive negotiations going on turkey
trying to avoid an all scale offensive
but we're gonna have to wait and see how
exactly this is going to play out
and when Hayes was a steak in Italy
province
the last major rebel Enclave Russia has
called it a hotbed of terrorists UN
envoy Staffan de Mistura believes 10,000
Al qaeda-linked fighters are there it's
home to nearly 3 million people almost
half of them displaced from territory
recaptured by the Syrian government
including Aleppo Eason Jota and Daraa
province NATO has reported a Russian
naval buildup in the Mediterranean Sea
where Russia is holding exercises from
Saturday
let's introduce our panel of experts in
Amman mamoon abou noir a military
analyst and retired Air Force general in
Moscow Alexey cleb nick of a Middle East
expert at the Russian International
Affairs Council and in London hide hide
a consulting research fellow on Syria at
Chatham House welcome to you all they
seem to be quite significant moment in
Syria mr. Abu Noir do you think that a
final push to recapture ed Lib is just a
matter of days or weeks
diplomacy is working right now with the
negotiation also with the militant there
but the question is whether the offense
will start or precede the summit in
Tehran which is gonna be next week and
in Tehran this is the Griffin and this
might lead to I could say a diplomacy
might be too late to react but I think
there is some strategic points which
Assad is really want to get back his
cell rap just richer and South part of
Italy and the mainly the highways the
auto start m5 and m4
these are very strategic for him so it's
high likely we might see a very limited
attack getting this area back and take
you might give some territorial
concession with the understanding with
Tehran meeting I think to get the center
of Italy and the border with the Syria
of course but it's highly likely we
might see some attacks or some offense
launching some events on this area which
I mentioned Alex say when you see the
naval the Russian naval buildup in the
Mediterranean coupled with statements
from the Russian missile Foreign Affair
saying that Russia is determined to wipe
out a terrace immediately
is this a genuine indication that Russia
is going to go to war in Italy
or is just trying to put more pressure
on hey at the Harriet a sham well the
station is not that simple
in the first place of course Russia is
committed to its consistent policy of
eliminating terrorists and the in the
first place but also we need to remember
that in recent months Russia declared a
new priority in Syria which is the
return of the refugees humanitarian aid
and reconstruction so if we hypothesize
and assume that Russia and Damascus are
preparing a large-scale offensive on Eid
lip that will definitely produce another
huge refugee flow which goes contrary to
Moscow's interest and also to tuck his
interests so this is why as my colleague
or already mentioned I think the now the
negotiations between Russia took in
Damascus are going trying to find a
delicate deal agreement which will
define how large military intervention
against jihad I know Sarah is going to
be in the area and how to minimize all
possible consequences and risks
connected with that he√≠d I mean it's
it's the talk of the town now ed Lib and
its future what's the general sentiment
among the Syrians now as everyone seems
to be preparing for this final military
push well if we talk mainly about those
who are staying in in the area that will
soon be attacked people there are scared
because they don't know what will happen
to them the first concern is that there
is no safe place for them to go to
because turkey close the border and
would most likely not allow anyone to
cross to Turkey and because second the
regime in Russia has been systematically
targeting civilian facilities so even
though they are not on the front lines
their areas might still be targeted the
other thing is basically their
humanitarian aid will most likely be cut
and terminated because of the security
situation so most of them
would depend on that to survive will
most likely have to find either another
way or to survive without it which will
be extremely difficult as as for the
rest of Syrians who either stay in
regime controlled areas or they are
refugees outside they don't know what
the capture of Italy will mean for the
future of Syria will that basically
embolden Assad to say that there will be
no more political talks in Syria or will
that at least be a first step into
reaching some sort of agreement with
Turkey and with the Syrian opposition to
at least provide some sort of deal that
would allow his neighbor will allow
others okay to survive mr. bono what I
mean you've said that diplomacy could
bear some fruits and we might not see
any military confrontation however let's
talk about all the possible scenarios if
diplomacy collapses what would be the
next step are we going to see something
similar to path scenarios by the
Russians and the Syrians where the
besieged areas into starvation and
submission that is how likely you're
gonna see that like the the thing is no
Suraj a battalion champ doesn't have two
option either they fight to death or
surrender to the regime and there is no
place to go of this surrender I mean the
adlib is quite different from other area
normally they put them in the bus and
they deport them to Ed lab but here
there's no place to go and take people
cross the border as you get saying and
she won't allow to get the center of
Europe or the border because of the does
its strategic depth concerning the YPG
and the Kurdish issue so
I think the jebaited Nostra is advocate
for to go ahead for the fighting but I
don't think jabhat al-nusra is realizing
that they don't have an answer for the
air supremacy of the Russian air power
which is completely the gonna devastate
and why of wife will wipe them off and
thus they should be concern
that very highly the other option is
Starck is willing to push the Free
Syrian Army capital what a knee to fight
the Nostra I don't think this is what's
gonna happen
and Turkey would not put herself in such
situation so this is the situation now
but III think high likely we'll see some
strike and possibly a limited fight and
then we'll see some settlement
concerning Nostra to dissolve it on
dismantle it and getting into business
with the other part alexei if this comes
down to a final military push would it
be different than what we've seen in
places like Eastern Alta and Aleppo well
it's true that during the last year's we
saw quite a familiar pattern of Syrian
government in Russia's dealing with this
question zones first it was East Aleppo
then is Hutta and lastly it was there
are but it's worth noticing that over
this time Russia's involvement was
limited to limited airstrikes in support
of Syrian government forces attacks so
now when Italy is the last remaining dis
collation zone which is not under assets
control Russia definitely wants it to be
under this control but the the entire
story is different with this because
turkey is involved then Kurdish issue is
also on agenda here in this in this
issue and this is why it's more
complicated so on the one hand Moscow
needs to continue its consistent
approach to demonstrate that it backs it
Ally and wants it to take the territory
but then Turkey isn't a partner
important partner for Russia
and it also needs to take into account
on its own interests okay hide the most
powerful man in Italy mohammad al Jelani
the leader of hey Atari Russia
said basically of the other nusra front
said basically that his group is
determined to fight to the death in
Italy is this something that could give
us an indication about what might happen
next in Italy
well definitely because first of all we
have to take into consideration that the
basically manpower that the regime has
but also the manpower the other groups
have in Italy whether we are talking
about the more even radical groups there
Teresa like Jase Horace's Dean and
others or we're talking about groups
that are less radical and more moderate
like Japan botany and other groups so in
total if you talk about the numbers
there we have more than 40 to 50
thousand fighters and that number we
didn't see in other places so for sure
will most likely see a basically more
resistance on the ground a more
destruction on all sides that's one
issue the other issue is that as the
other two guests said hi at the harem
and many other rebel groups don't have
any of any other option but to fight and
I disagree a bit with what the two
guests said so far about the whole fight
is about hate duration because it's not
completely true hi Russia and the regime
want to eliminate hatred Jean but also
they want to eliminate other rebel
groups who are controlling those areas
because the ultimate goal for the regime
is to restore its authority over Italy
and that can only be done if all groups
are eliminated I would like to talk a
little bit about the regional
implications we have three bigger
players with different agendas Russia
Iran and Turkey is it possible to see
the three countries when the meet in
Tehran set aside their differences and
agree on the future with of Syria with
Bashar al-assad still in power the price
will ultimately be defeating the rebels
in Italy yes but let me highlight here a
very important point
saying that the rebels or the militant
capitalism all others they're like a
contractors now to a foreign nation
foreign players so they don't have their
decision or their destiny or decide
what's gonna happen in the future of
Syria they don't have any military or
political project let me say they've or
a vision for the in game of in Syria now
in any right but you know Russia would
like to keep the partnership with Turkey
she's very careful about and she wanted
to get turkey you know some space
between NATO and Turkey or distance out
and they supporting Turkey in a way in a
diplomatic manner an economical matter
and you have this iso 400 and this
cetera and the the military aid which
like to support turkey but as iran iran
would like also to get this area back
because this base it's their basis there
is cetera
so i think they they have some
understanding in the future what's gonna
happen but with that's all pending
concerning reconstruction of syria and
rehabilitation of syria and retaining of
refugee and have come the supports of
such a brutal regime to kill these
people back again this is the problem
and I don't think the European or other
nation will support Assad or Russia and
Russia it doesn't have the resources to
build Syria again and she's in deep
trouble now that's what sort of taken
you know drain her resources and serious
this is very important logical point and
you don't have any UN peace plan peace
political process for Syria it's all
dead now okay I said is winning the game
and he would negotiating what what would
whom this is what the big question now
okay and how it will be the endgame or
the structure or have Syria war will end
this problem interested is not committed
for peace and he will keep on killing
and no people Syrian people will come
back and there is
and that is do I like say if the Turks
decide to give their go-ahead for the
military push by the Russians and the
Syrian government in it Lib what would
be the price Russia would pay with their
for example allow the Turkish government
to have some sort of political influence
in the northern part of Syria I think
it's definitely on the agenda and under
discussion now because and as I see it I
think that Moscow Ankara and Damascus
the three of them want limited joint
military offensive target which targets
particularly the radical groups
including jihad and no Sara so this is
why I mean they're in quite intensive
negotiation mode as we witnessed the
week ago Turkish Foreign Minister
together with defense minister and head
of Turkish intelligence were in Moscow
and they discussed it lip exactly it lip
and in seven day is we have summit
trilateral summit in in Tehran where it
lip will also top the agenda as well as
the Kurdish issue the reconstruction and
the return of the refugees mm-hmm hi
it's seven years ago when the Syrians
took to the streets though high hopes
that their movement would lead to a new
vibrant democratic Syria seventy years
later with this talks about a final push
to take back ed Lib do you believe is
this a feeling that many serious field
this is the beginning of the end for the
rebels well for the rebels it is most
likely the beginning of that and and
many people know that because even
though they that the rebels in Italy
might be able to resist but they can
only do that for so long so at the end
they know that they would be defeated
militarily so the question right now is
what will happen after that and will
Russia or the international community
be able to pressure the regime in order
to reach some sort of political deal
that is accepted by all groups and I
think it's important to highlight here
that we only were only talking about
Italy and rebels controlled areas but we
have to also talk about Kurdish
controlled areas which consists of more
than 25% of Syria and the taken over
Italy will not solve that issue because
drinking has been basically having
negotiations with those groups but the
negotiating negotiations are not going
anywhere so that would be another issue
to discuss but in general people feel
that military confrontation with the
regime is not available it's not
possible anymore and that's why the only
demand left is the political political
were way out mr. Aborn awha you you've
said that the priority of the Russians
will make a difference but the Russians
are known or - are notorious for the
massive scale operations that leave
behind thousands of civilian casualties
massive destruction isn't there
something that could create yet another
huge humanitarian issue in Syria it is a
catastrophe if this happened a massive
scale operation that's madness I mean
they are three to four million people
where did they go and this will threat
also European and they take a take here
as a this is a big thing to do and I
don't think this is a high likely
scenario that we're gonna see I think
it's gonna be a very limited attack
getting this point which I mentioned
back but that's what we're gonna see a
massive scale operation that's crazy the
craziness that's madness to do this
you'll key it's an atrocity for the
Syrian people I mean where did they go
they were did it go
Alexei the the Russians seem to be
impressed by the by their by the
military capabilities in 2015 they
stepped in
and they changed the ground the tilted
the ground in favor of my shuttle I said
but even if Bashara i said takes back ed
lib 80% of the Syrian population still
wants Assad out of power we're back to
square one
well this statistic were firstly posed
where it comes from so I don't know but
we need to see of course the UN process
under the UN auspices and the elections
and then transition period which
actually Russia advocates for in
supports but what Moscow views as a
prerequisite for that is the
specification of the conflict which
means the end of of the fight so to
create conditions where political
process could be launched when the UN
can work on the ground to monitor
election though organized election
process so this is what Moscow
eventually pushes for a hide what is
next for you the millions of people who
live in no-man's land in Syria or pushed
out of their country if Bashar al-assad
claims back most of the territory in
Syria would you still continue the fight
well first of all well first of all for
those who live in Italy they were for
sure not feel safe because many of them
are wanted for the regime and even if
the regime has been able to take over
Italy that the risk doesn't end there
the risk Begins for many after that
because there will be either arrested or
killed at a later stage as for those who
live outside of Syria many people said
that publicly they will not be able to
go back as refugees for many reasons
first because we are scared of what
might the regime do and second because
there is no options for us to go back to
meaning that there is no jobs their
houses most of them are destroyed and
many of the areas where they come from
are completely empty and besiege right
now still by the by the regime like
Daria close to Damascus so the
conditions for the return don't exist
and this
is why many people feel that this will
be just another basically page that they
have to turn but their suffer will
continue for their suffering will
continue for a long time
hide hide Aleksei klebanov Mamoon abba
Noah thank you very much indeed for your
contribution to the program and thank
you too for watching you can see the
program again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page at
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at aj inside
story for me hasha minal ballad the
whole team here bye for now
you
