repair work is underway at the dam site
to try to stem the flow of water the
breach happened on the dam spillway a
structure that was once 120 meters high
vast areas of bago region remained
submerged beneath muddy water in some
places it's starting to recede but it'll
be a long time before once fertile
farmland can be used again several
people are still missing and the
military and other rescue personnel and
navigating the murky water searching for
survivors people living in the area had
voiced concerns about the water level in
the reservoir before the disaster they
say there should have been some warning
but just days before the breach
authorities had given the dam the
all-clear when a Wednesday before one
day before one hour before we can oh no
repair work has also started on a bridge
that was damaged causing traffic chaos
it's on the main Yangon mandalay highway
that links Myanmar's two biggest cities
it's the wet season and this part of
Myanmar and flooding is common the
questions will be asked why the dam
didn't cope this time and whether those
responsible for its management and
maintenance could have done more Wayne
hey al Jazeera Bangkok
