the question of if there'll be an
assault on Eid Lib has faded recently
now it's more a matter of when that
shift has been hastened by hardening
language coming out of Moscow and
whistle so the variance 3000 understood
earlier she said it was with
satisfaction that we noted the majority
of the Syrian Arab Republic is now freed
of terrorists what we need now is to
wipe out those terrorist groups that
which persist particularly in the
de-escalation zone Enid Lib Sergei
Lavrov was meeting his Syrian
counterpart Walid al mualim in the
Russian capital
voil√° said they'd finished the groups
they call terrorists but also try to
protect civilians the decision of the
Syrian leadership is to fight our news
refer n't whatever the sacrifices are we
are ready to exert every possible effort
not to harm civilians but civilians have
paid a heavy price in previous
russian-backed Syrian government pushes
to recapture rebel areas the sieges and
bombardments of Aleppo Goethe and der
are
Turkey is urging Russia to take more
care to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe
Ankara wants extra time to persuade any
armed groups in it lib open to a deal
something the UN special envoy to Syria
also advocates one Avenue would be to
one not accelerate military escalation
and give a little bit more time for this
type of discussion to allow and
facilitate a credible credible
humanitarian corridor to allow the
civilian population to temporarily
evacuate to a safer area Moscow says
it'll consider the mysterious
humanitarian corridor suggestion and it
needs to show it's listening to Turkey
if Moscow decides to push for massive
offensive on Eid lip that will produce
another huge wave of Syrian refugees
maybe hundreds of thousands failing to
to Turkey which which is counted to
Russia's interests in Russian priorities
there and also that's in a scenario
which is not very affordable for Turkey
as well it Lib is the largest remaining
rebel stronghold if the Syrian
government takes it
tarascus will claim the war is
effectively over and that is one but
there are an estimated three million
people trapped there ten thousand of
which the UN estimates to be nusra or Al
qaeda-linked fighters and the severity
of the onslaught that they all receive
depends largely on how much force the
Russian and Syrian militaries are
willing to use rori challenge al Jazeera
Moscow
