those who pushed for brexit will quote
never be forgotten nor forgiven the
words of former British Conservative
Prime Minister John Major on Tuesday
brexit is less than six months away and
the UK government is no closer to
agreeing an exit deal with the EU
despite another round of negotiations on
Wednesday a No Deal brexit might
astonishingly result in food and
medicine shortages in the UK so what's
the brexit vote a huge mistake and kanuk
should it be undone joining me to debate
this our Lord Andrew adonus former
Labour cabinet minister under Tony Blair
and the staunch opponent of brexit and
returning to the show for the first time
since the EU referendum campaign
Conservative member of the European
Parliament and an evangelist for braixen
Daniel Hannan thank you both for joining
me on upfront Daniel your prime minister
and party leader Theresa May has often
said brexit means brexit but what does
brexit mean to you what does it look
like we don't seem to actually have a
clue do we well brexit means becoming
again a sovereign country so that we
hire and fire the people who pass our
laws and so that UK law is supreme on
our own soil how you then negotiate your
relations with the EU is there's a range
of views on that my own view is that
having recovered our sovereignty we
should have the closest relationship
with the EU compatible with being an
independent country U is comprised of
friends and allies of ours so from every
point of view it is better to have a an
amicable cordial working relationship
with the EU where we are if you like the
the friendliest country that is a
non-member blazing away for every other
country that doesn't want to join if not
it means you can't get a deal if you
leave the EU without getting a deal
which looks increasingly likely you're
ok with that you've just got to ask this
question if any other potential trading
partner had gone to the EU with the
package that Theresa May was offering at
Salzburg if say Canada or Japan or any
other potential trading partner and come
along and said we will unilaterally
accept all of your physical goods
standards and we will continue to
protect your security and we promise to
accept your
on the environment and labor laws and we
will pay you for the privilege the e we
know how they would react to that they'd
have said quick quick get them to sign
before the idiots come to their senses
so the fact that they're not prepared to
do that makes me wonder whether there is
any readiness to do a deal on their side
and that's why I think it would be crazy
not to prepare for a No Deal scenario
andrew adonus do you want to respond
well what what's interesting is that
Daniel like many of the brick stairs is
now starting to blame the EU for the
fact that we're brick sitting because
there's the problems that he's just
described how to do it brexit itself he
described one vision of brexit but there
are 101 other visions of brick suits the
he said now that what the Prime Minister
is trying to negotiate which is leaving
the customs union leaving the single
market and negotiating a very complex
and difficult arrangement on island to
see that there isn't a border between
Northern Ireland and the Republic of
Ireland he has said that in his view
that's unacceptable well that's one
version of bricks that he doesn't like
he's put forward one that he does like
the truth is two years ago when people
voted in the referendum they were voting
with a whole load of different options
for what leave might mean now that the
chickens are coming home to roost it's
clear that it's not possible to deliver
a brexit that works what Daniel is
seeking to do is to write the history
books and to blame the EU for its well
what I am seeking to do and those of us
who are trying to hold the middle
grounds in the debates in England is is
to do what I think is the right thing
now which is to put the issue back to
the people and say look you clearly
didn't vote for any of this you didn't
vote to be poorer you didn't vote for
chaos you didn't vote for a government
that's now talking about only six weeks
of medical supplies and food stockpiling
you didn't vote for a hard border in
Ireland that could bring back the
troubles and a return of paramilitary
activity in Northern Ireland you didn't
vote for any of these things so the
right thing is a people's vote a second
referendum end this nightmare and then
we can get on with our lives without
having to spend a lot of make sense well
why not
why don't we make it best of three why
should we accept an argument for another
referendum from people who by definition
do not accept referendum results I
remember in the run-up to the first one
all of the people who are now demanding
a second vote were loudest in insisting
that that was the final decision
that never been on the go John Major
Nick Clegg Paddy Ashdown were all on air
on the record saying there's never gonna
be another go at this think about what
you're doing let me jump in there voted
for breaks it then I didn't do one
saying tell me I get your argument
they're about you know where did it
where do you draw the line but you
yourself having once referred to a
second referendum movement as a doomsday
cult not long ago have now are now
saying correct me if I'm wrong that
you're so opposed to the UK staying in a
customs union which is with the Labour
Party wants that you would prefer a
second referendum even to that so even
you're open to the idea of another
referendum as much as you're being
snarky about it because no no that what
what would happen here is if that were
to be the case we would have effectively
had a group of MPs and peers who had
frustrated the referendum result who had
deliberately gone for an unacceptable
result with the overt aim of overturning
it so the biggest vote for anything in
British history would have been
overturned by our politicians base it's
worth just spending a moment on why that
is such an appalling outcome and why the
people who are pushing for it really
know this if Britain stays in the
customs union as a non-member we give
Brussels 100% control of our trade
policy with 0% input from us and in fact
it's even worse than that if you're in a
customs union with the EU as a
non-member then whenever the EU does a
trade deal with a third country say the
EU did a trade deal with India Britain
would have to match every concession
made by the EU but India under WTO term
under WTO rules would only have to
reciprocate visa fee the EU not visa v
Britain now I don't believe that any
remainder Oliver can possibly think that
that is a good outcome yeah well I I've
got a question for Daniel then because
actually as it happens I agree with him
I'd much rather stay in the EU than have
an arrangement where we were kind of
vassal state and obliged to implement
customs point is you cannot keep happy
but where do you draw the line
Daniel after yours I'm not talking about
a referendum after a referendum I'm
talking about a referendum on whatever
deal to resume comes backwards because
we're actually faced with the actual
reality of a cliff edge at the moment
talk about a hypothetical situation
and actually the great majority of the
public now agree a poll show that they
should take that decision on whether or
not we go over this cliff edge or
whether we stop it and stay in the EU
whose point is Daniel that he wants a
second referendum because now you've got
something to vote on he's in the reality
that you guys did this whole thing
backwards you did a vote on brexit
without knowing what it looks like
without doing the deal without offering
all these different proposals of customs
unions checkers EEA etc isn't the point
that you did it backwards so now yeah
you do have to do a deal especially when
polls show that the majority of public
now don't support pulling out of the EU
they've switched according to the latest
polls well that's what the polls showed
before the first one right and and and
look how that worked out I mean first of
all a second referendum wouldn't solve
anything because the majority people
would boycott it on the perfectly valid
grounds that it invalidated all of the
promises made in the first one because
we were told repeatedly by the
government by the opposition by all of
the the people now demanding a second
vote that that was a final decision that
they'd never be another go so it would
be absurd to legitimize people trying to
undo the promise on which the first one
was taken lord adonus knows perfectly
well what he's doing by demanding a
second referendum he is encouraging the
EU quite overtly in his case to offer
the worst possible deal in the hope of
overturning it okay and we've been
waiting Andrew we're encouraging that
you can get a second referendum Daniel
says no that's absolutely absurd because
because if it doesn't go to a people's
vote Parliament still has to decide what
to do with tracer Mays agreement tracer
mate doesn't have a majority in the
House of Commons so if what the EU was
seeking to do was to game the decision
to give us the worst possible terms and
hope that they're rejected they would do
that anyway the reason that I want a
people's vote is I think this issues of
such magnitude that it should go to the
people because it started with the
people with the referendum two years ago
but the every time that that Daniel
opens his mouth he says something very
significant which is at variance with
what most of its colleagues say I took
him to be saying a moment ago that he
thinks that people who voted to leave
two years ago should boycott a
referendum on the terms of brexit he
said that there'll be a mass boycott of
the referendum could he answer the
question is he calling for people
who in favor of leaving the EU to
boycott a referendum and therefore to
make to try and make democracy
inoperable in Britain is that what he's
saying what's making democracy
inoperable is holding a referendum where
the government sends a leaflet to every
household in the lamp saying whatever we
wear you vote that we will implement
your decision
I don't remember lord adonus or anyone
else on the remain side dissenting from
that when the Prime Minister of the time
said there is no second vote make sure
that you think about this one okay let's
get a quick answer yes or no are you
calling for a mass boycott are you
predicting one which one the second
referendum would be utterly illegitimate
and I mean I don't know what other
people would do but I would not vote in
a second referendum we just had a
reference hold you encourage other
people to vote in the legitimate second
refine my own view is that if you're
dealing with that situation with the
British people have given a very clear
mandate and the the unelected peers and
the elites then turn around and try and
undo the biggest mandate that we've ever
had for anything that we should not play
that game we should just say no we've
already voted we're not having any more
to do with okay and your question you
also myosins concede surely you concede
that another referendum which produced a
stay in vote would basically destroy a
huge amount of trust in British politics
from the people who voted to leave the
EU in 2016 they would say we went to
vote in 2016 we were told our vote would
be respected and now the good old
politicians got together and basically
cancelled that our democratic vote
that's clearly an absurd proposition
because the people can't betrayed the
people what will happen in this case is
that having looked at the terms of
brexit so is actually a different
question from the one two years ago
they'll have seen the terms of brexit
they'll have seen that many of the
things that Daniel Hannan told us would
happen two years ago because everything
was going to be milk and honey when we
did brexit they haven't happened and
they've reached a judgment significance
to be formed hold on they will do by the
time we have the referendum Daniel
because that's the whole purpose of
having it is that movie actually see
what tourism a comes back from Brussels
which we the first time we've seen it
because two and a half years after the
last referendum she still hasn't
negotiated anything when we actually see
that
we the people then get the chance not
the elites you're talking about we the
people then get the chance to give our
view on it Daniel let me ask you this
question Daniel because you came on the
show in 2016 during the referendum
campaign you made the case very
eloquently at the time for brexit you
your side won the referendum but clearly
if somebody had called for a second
referendum a week afterwards we would
laugh them out of town but given two
years later things haven't quite gone
hold on but where we are now well Daniel
Internet : be fair where we are now you
know very well we have reports from the
National Farmers Union saying food might
run out doctors saying there might be a
medicine shortage the government saying
we may have to deploy troops to the
border you know that this is not how it
was supposed to go there's no deal in
sight there might be a no deal brick
northern Northern Ireland was not
debated in the referendum campaign the
way it is now with there may be violence
again in Northern Ireland which
three-quarters of English conservative
vote to say they're fine with as long as
BRICS happens things have changed and
surely you must concede that you must
have some you must be able to look back
and say this is not quite what we
promised I I think it is extraordinary
chutzpah for people who immediately
after the referendum started working to
undermine it started signaling to
Brussels so they should hang tough and
not concede anything we had three senior
British politicians writing an article
this week in a German newspaper saying
don't concede anything to Theresa May
because hang in there and we'll have a
second referendum so people who have
spent the last two years attempting to
undermine any kind of settlement now
have the front to turn around say oh
it's not going very well we'd better
have a second vote I think the public
will see through them but it's not going
well can you at least concede that much
no I'm absolutely I'm absolutely
confident that we will look back on
brexit as the right decision the
European project is like a conveyor belt
going in an undesirable direction
towards more centralization more
integration fiscal harmonization
military union all the rest of it bricks
it was a decision to step off that
conveyor belt and within a few years
we'll look back and we'll wonder what
took us so long and do you have
confidence in your prime minister a
woman who did not support brexit and it
has lost the confidence of a lot of
conservative MPs and voters do you have
confidence on her to deliver that brexit
she won't
to deliver precisely the brexit that I
wanted but I have no doubt that bricks
it will still leave us better off than
remaining wood Andrew bricks it's gonna
happen isn't it that's the reality and
shouldn't you get on board rather than
trying to undermine it
I think Daniel Hanna is on another
planet if he thinks that people are
gonna look back and see this as anything
other than a disaster but we're a
democracy we still have the opportunity
until next March to put an end to this
nightmare that's where the public is and
that's why I believe that the right
course is a people's vote and if there
is a people's votes then I think that
breaks it will be overwhelmingly
rejected when people see one a penguin
and realize that their jobs are in
jeopardy that they're going to be that
they're going to be poorer that there's
the danger of renewal of paramilitary
activity in Northern Ireland if there's
a new border and that our defense and
our security in jeopardy as well we'll
have to leave it there this story isn't
going away but Android onus Daniel
Hannan thank you both for joining me on
upfront
you
