it takes about 80 years for a tree like
this to grow in just a few minutes to
cut it down there are hardly any jobs
here in the east of the Democratic
Republic of Congo when he was a teenager
Gustavo Pombo learned to use a chainsaw
and how to survive this is my life it
helps me to feed my wife and my two
children and pay for their school fees
it's the only job I know the forests
provide a small income for thousands of
people who live in and around them each
of these Timbers sells for about two and
a half dollars out of the whole tree
they'll get about a hundred dollars
worth of timber five dollars has to be
paid to the landowner there's an annual
license fee for using a chainsaw the
rest of the money's divided between the
five people that it takes to do the work
it's low-key and it's informal the
government gets very little revenue the
Environment Minister says the government
could be making a lot more Timbers are
carried out of the forest and exported
Congolese hardwoods are in demand all
over the world most end up in China
Europe in the US the government hasn't
granted any industrial logging
concessions for 16 years
supposedly to preserve the disappearing
forests but it now plans to welcome back
industrial loggers it says to fund
development projects nor endorse a good
novel advantage we sell what we can it
can be mineral resources it can be any
resource it can also be the resources of
the forest there are hours we want to
turn them into resources that help the
well-being of our people the forests are
also home to about half a million
indigenous people who've lived in them
sustainably for thousands of years laura
mercier says they'll be among the many
victims if the government goes ahead
with its plan the government has been
lying for a long time about development
which was never realized the big
companies will just take the profits
from the forest and leave the population
in poverty the government should abandon
this plan to benefit the local
population not only for ecological
reasons the artisanal logging
supposedly regulated but widespread
corruption meaning it's not the world's
second largest rain forest is
disappearing steadily and floggings
industrialized go a lot faster and it'll
never grow back Malcolm Webb al-jazeera
Ettore and the Democratic Republic of
Congo
