even before November's all-important
midterm elections Tallahassee's mayor
Andrew Gilliam has made history the 39
year old is Florida's first
african-american candidate for governor
backed by Bernie Sanders Gilliam
defeated his more moderate opponents
we're going to make clear to the rest of
the world that the dark days that we've
been under coming out of Washington and
the division that has been coming out of
our white house that right here in the
state of Florida we are going to remind
this nation of what is truly the
American way for Republican voters Ron
DeSantis was the clear choice before
President Trump tweeted his support
DeSantis was behind in the polls now his
political fate is closely tied to that
of the president's antis antis is
already causing controversy after he
said Florida should not monkey this up
by electing Andrew Gilliam it's a
comment seen by many as racist and I was
able to talk to the president I want to
thank him for his support I want to
thank him for entrusting me with viewing
me as somebody who could be a great
leader for Florida so so Thank You mr.
president in Arizona's primary elections
to president Trump's influence played a
decisive role martha mcsalley won the
republican nomination for a vital senate
seat by aligning herself with the
president something all the state's
conservative candidates were keen to do
if there is a race to watch her then
it's the one for Florida's next governor
a Republican backed by president Trump
will take on an african-american
Democrat who wrote a victory on a wave
of liberal support the differences
between these two candidates will make
for a colossal political showdown the
battle lines in this nation's most
important swing state have already been
drawn and a Gallacher al jazeera Miami
Florida
