the pioneers of rock and soul are fading
away in popular music might never feel
the same the latest is Aretha Franklin
who took an old Otis Redding song about
respect and turned it into an anthem for
feminism and civil rights that captured
its era and endures today in 1967 when
Aretha came along nobody is listening to
music from 1917 but we're still
listening 50 years later to Aretha
Franklin Aretha Franklin is such an
overwhelmingly forbidding almost
comically magnificent figure cutting
such a huge swath of influence across
the last 50 years that it makes you
wonder how that could have been possible
the catalog of global musical Giants is
thinning not just the 27 club Jimi
Hendrix Janis Joplin Jim Morrison who
long ago died at that age with the
original icons who might never be
replaced are also fading away
Elvis Chuck Berry John Lennon now a
second generation of unique pop voices
from David Bowie to Whitney Houston is
going silent a few from this generation
of greats the who in the Rolling Stones
among them live on miraculously in some
cases Aretha Franklin is the latest of
the original stars of rock and soul to
be laid to rest and her fans have come
here by the hundreds they come to
remember her but also to remember their
own younger lives with Aretha Franklin
as the soundtrack
she was queen of style yes she was some
fear the originals will all one day be
gone never to be replaced looking at
today's music it suggests that we might
be in trouble the quality of these these
people's music is stopping isn't that
there again you're not seeing it in the
young generation but everything's school
of thought was I sound like my record or
better than my record and that's the end
of it
so in terms of performers performing
there is no way to compare you know
Aretha to today's young folks no way
musical optimists like Eric lot believe
the passionate fires of rock and roll
will renew themselves with each
generation
pop music like any art form will
certainly call on past gestures and
remixes of earlier moves but I don't
think it's it's run its course
in any way major stars Beyonce sized
stars carry on but here in the Motor
City where thousands have descended for
four days of celebration of a passing
Queen it's beginning to look like the
end of an era john Hendren al Jazeera
Detroit
