this was a moment more than a hundred
years in the making
remembering one of the darkest crimes of
the early 20th century center stage were
the last remains of proud people's
Imperial Germany sought to exterminate
on Wednesday democratic Germany
expressed its remorse I bow down in the
greatest sadness I cannot undo the
terrible wrongs our ancestors caused but
I beg you from the bottom of my heart to
accept my apologies those terrible
wrongs took place in southwestern Africa
in the 1900s when colonial German forces
suppressed uprisings by the Herero and
the nama people's those who survived the
fighting were worked to death in
concentration camps
it's thought 80% of the Herero and 50%
of the nama people perished today the
collective memory of their ordeal
motivates the communities to seek
reparation something the Federal
Republic of Germany will not give which
is why the Namibian government is suing
Berlin in a US Court some people cannot
understand why the German state paid
reparations to victims of the Nazis but
will not do so to the Herero and nama
peoples in the Namibian case we have no
victims who had suffered personally we
are talking through the art art 8
grandsons and granddaughters and
therefore we have to look for different
ways to heal the wounds but as
well-meaning as those thoughts are they
clearly aren't enough for the government
of Namibia for many of the congregation
in the church and indeed for the
protestors here outside who believe that
the only real restitution would be full
reparations and recognition of the
devastating effect wrought on the Herero
and nama peoples
they were imagine allies minority group
one of the smallest ethnic group in
namibia in this because of the genocide
for the last 28 years germany has been
the largest international investor in
the Namibian economy in part perhaps an
expression of the lingering guilt many
in modern Germany feel D'Arnot came
al-jazeera Berlin
