this separa sea dose or the disappeared
is a theater play in Manila that aims to
remind young Filipinos of the horrors of
the recent past scenes here hope to
recreate the atmosphere of fear and
brutality during the time of the late
dictator President Ferdinand Marcos
Neal deleg Minh civilians brother Herman
Lagman was a human rights lawyer he was
abducted by military agents and has been
missing for more than 40 years the loss
is immeasurable she says not just for
her family but also for the country the
political dissenters during the Marcos
dictatorship were among the finest men
and women our country has ever produced
they were really consciously
deliberately silenced by the agents of
the state because they were very
critical rights groups say the practice
of enforced disappearances by state
agents started during martial law and
continues to this day almost 2,000
people are known to be victims of
enforced disappearances but the riots
groups believe the number of unreported
cases is even higher
earlene de cada pan longs for her
daughter cherlene cada pan was a labor
activist who was abducted in 2006 by
military agents when gloria
macapagal-arroyo was president Linda
feels that even if a case reaches court
the odds against people like her are
much higher because they are poor and
get very little government support the
delivery when we face the perpetrator
general who beat opal Perrin in court
there were so many soldiers protecting
him but there we were the victims with
no one on our side and then I realized
this is government policy to protect
criminals these are relics and
memorabilia of Filipinos who were
abducted tortured and killed over the
years it may seem like a Museum of
Horrors but curators say it is necessary
to preserve the memory of these recent
historical tragedies
there's been a resurgence of protest art
in recent times really I mean we hear it
over and over again
never forget always remember because
history is a cycle and we have to break
it
family zoom or infer their desaparecidos
say even though they are no longer there
their struggle for fundamental freedoms
continues if anything their absence has
only made it stronger jemelle island
organ of jazeera
