new report from the United Nations
climate panel warns two most astonishing
magic here is a new report about climate
change and it is not corny in cuts in
emissions climate change caused by human
activity is putting a very survival
hello I'm Barbara serener at The
Listening Post here are some of the
stories were looking at this week
covering climate change requires a media
change a rethink of how the world's
biggest most persistent story is
reported the media model pushing Viktor
orb√°n's anti-migrant anti-eu politics
beyond Hungary's borders they've been
called propagandists for the sounded
royal family before but now the scrutiny
of some pro Saudi journalists in the
West has intensified and this is their
life after reading the news it's it says
in your resume you read the news for
nine years 20 years 2005 to 2014 I
worked as a television news reader but I
decided I needed a change our lead story
this week tackles an issue that
considering its magnitude could be a
fixture on every episode of our show its
climate change and how the media are
grappling with how to cover it only a
small percentage of news audiences would
have heard about the report released
earlier this month by the UN's
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change or the IPCC and that's not
because the report was dull or
inconsequential no in fact it's been
called the landmark study warning that
the world has just 12 years left to
limit global temperature rise to 1.5
degrees Celsius any higher and the risks
of droughts floods and extreme weather
will soar coverage of the IPCC report
was a flash in the pan like so much
climate change reporting is the initial
wave of headlines receded as quickly as
it had emerged climate changes the
world's most significant existential
challenge and those who want to cover it
are still figuring out how to convey its
size and scale the listening-posts
Meenakshi Ravi now on the coverage of
the IPCC report and what it reveals
about the state of climate change
forty
it's a story as big as this planet
affecting every country every economy
every individual and it's urgency
ratchets up higher every year and yet
climate change coverage nearly always
seems to need a crutch an event to peg
it on a global conference a protest or
as it was this time around the release
of the Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate change's special report on
global warming the report's findings
were monumental this is the most dire
report we've had from the IPCC yet
they're basically saying we need to move
now we need to take really serious
action if we want to prevent the worst
impacts of climate change the report is
something of a call to arms telling us
that the survival of our species depends
on a political revolution
these are overwhelming scientific
findings and frankly it overwhelms
scientists and it is going to overwhelm
journalists as well the headline in the
IPCC report is stark
it says rapid far-reaching and
unprecedented changes are needed in all
aspects of society if mankind is to
contain the average global temperature
increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius the time
frame the IPCC has set for this is just
over a decade 12 years in the absence of
a paradigm shift a rethinking of how the
world functions the droughts food
shortages environmental degradation and
poverty being experienced already are
going to get much worse much faster in
some cases I think the the sort of
shocking nosov the report I think let
some of the coverage to jump to a kind
of you know there's no hope
that storm intensities wildfires even
pest outbreaks will increase which could
I worry that if all of a sudden you know
we have this new study and it says that
making progress on climate change it has
to be so drastic that it's more or less
impossible then people will start to get
really dismayed and lose hope and this
is always a challenge of climate
coverage the New York Times
in their main piece covering the report
at a photo of a like a lone child
playing in the sand with these bones and
that's the kind of the style of coverage
you generally get which seems to seems
to indicate that they are more more
capable of imagining an apocalypse than
they are for instance of imagining
increasing taxation on the ultra-wealthy
on corporations you know that creates
millions of good good green jobs and
regulates corporations and phases out
fossil fuel production they find it
impossible to imagine a political
alternative other than kind of
apocalyptic scenarios that climate
change isn't the most covered ongoing
news story in the world is a reflection
of just how many times the opportunity
is missed in the US alone freak weather
incidents over the past few years would
have justified it being in the headlines
every day
however the link between climate change
and weather incidents that are
increasing in intensity and frequency is
often never made a 2017 study by the
dc-based Media Matters group into the
coverage of hurricane Harvey found that
over a span of two crucial weeks two
main cable news outlets ABC and NBC
didn't air a single segment mentioning
climate change and it's linked to such
weather events
this study isn't the only one of its
kind by media matters in July this year
it found that coverage of the heatwave
across the United States followed a
similar pattern we looked at reporting
on the three big TV broadcasts networks
and found that those programs mentioned
the heatwave 127 times and only one of
those mentioned climate change the media
is not able to grasp this linkage so for
example this year if you just see Kerala
floods in India we had historically
unprecedented flood within a period of
two to three days something like 25 to
30 trillion liters of water fell over
this smaller state but if you look at
the media reportage in India they were
talking about you know local ecological
disaster local changes in ecology
cutting up forests and those kind of
things but the linkage between climate
change and Kerala floods was not there
this is a real problem and a missed
opportunity climate change can seem like
a really distant or theoretical problem
but when there's extreme weather that's
a real opportunity for the media to talk
about climate change and how it affects
extreme weather and exacerbates extreme
weather you think what can I do this is
a fixture in much of climate change
reporting is the notion that individual
action can help stave off the
existential threat posed by global
warming
you're changing your light bulb you're
driving a different car maybe you're
eating less meat whatever you're doing
to help the world is rubbing off on your
neighbors individual awareness is vital
media emphasis on it however is out of
proportion
the real action needs to come from
industry in 2017 the uk-based nonprofit
the CDP group published a report
correlating specific volumes of
greenhouse gas or GHG emissions with the
industry's responsible for them it found
that since 1988 just 100 corporations
have produced more than 70% of the
world's greenhouse gas emissions
this is not just a problem of me or a
problem of you there are companies oil
companies natural gas companies coal
companies who are responsible for the
vast amount of the pollution that is
causing climate change where there's
progress there's energy many of them
have waged disinformation campaigns they
have tried to downplay and distort the
science they have got politicians in
their pockets who are discouraging or
blocking climate action if there was a
list of criminals who have polluted the
climate then excellent ExxonMobil would
come at that at the front but this
petroleum will come as the top planets
polluters so will companies in India in
Saudi Arabia you know many many
countries who are polluting the climate
but also have a huge influence on media
in terms of their contributions to
advertisements and support to media so
media is very quick to talk about what
governments need to do or what people
need to do but they will rarely talk
about what corporations need to do for
instance there was a there was a widely
panned CNN tweet the tweet was scared of
the new climate report here's a few
things you can do and of course all the
prescriptions that have made had to do
with individual consumer changes and it
completely neglected the actual
structural forces and corporate power
that underlies the climate crisis and I
don't think the stress on the changes
that individuals can make rather than on
what corporations are doing is an
accident
I think it is a function of the dominant
ideology of our era namely neoliberalism
which has persuaded us or tried to
persuade us that the market is a kind of
magical entity that will solve all of
our problems
unprecedented changes that's what the
IPCC report says is needed to deal with
global warming as media outlets covered
the report almost none of them this
network included reported on changes
they would make in their own newsrooms
or to their own journalistic practices
one case it might be wise to start stop
dealing with the climate change issue as
separate from every other story every
other beat I find it quite it's a
saurian time to read the news sometimes
because you will be going from this
report that's really staggering and its
implications and then on the next page
there will be you know an article about
the potential you know renovation of JFK
Airport that doesn't say anything about
a role of flying and air travel in
contributing to carbon emissions and how
we might need to change that quite
drastically I think that they all are
very deeply connected I think it's
particularly true for reporting on the
economy and economics and job growth and
all of these things that make no mention
of climate change but it is our economic
model that is driving climate change and
those things have to be put together
much more than they are now
I'm joined now by one of our producers
Flo Phillips to discuss some of the
other media stories that were looking at
this week Flo the story of the Saudi
journalist Ramallah Shoji has really
taken on every twist and turn and one of
the media fall outs has been that some
journalists in the West including
journalists that work at The Washington
Post which of course is where I showed
you used to write have actually been
called out for their pro Saudi reporting
what else do we know about this Barbara
the Washington Post has understandably
really been quite aggressive in its
campaign to find out exactly what
happened
turning the heat up on Saudi Arabia's
allies in the u.s. they even put out one
op-ed with the headline will you work
for a murderer but soon after that piece
was published the investigative website
the intercept pointed out a rather
unfortunate fact that Washington Post
columnist edy Rogers and contributing
writer Carter sq were effectively
working for the Saudi government by the
lobbying firms that each of them runs
within 24 hours of that intercept piece
going up the Washington Post put out
their own article saying that both
lobbying companies have now cancelled
their contracts with Saudi Arabia and so
apart from these journalists stroke
lobbyists who else's the harsh on G
story really shone a spotlight on well
there is one more name from the
Washington Post itself
David Ignatius the papers longtime
foreign affairs columnist critics have
taken issue with his pro Saudi stance
this 2017 op-ed about the crown prince
is a prime example although he was
hardly the only person to write such
pieces the New York Times is Thomas
Friedman is in the same camp and while
he attempted a week miracle per about
the news of Kakashi's disappearance I'm
not sure many people are buying it it's
important to note that this isn't just
American journalists being called out
for their Pro Saudi writing in Britain
the Daily Telegraph's defense editor
Kong Coughlin has written a couple of
articles echoing the Saudi line about
Kakashi's disappearance one political
commentator took off Lin's writing apart
not just this piece but other articles
too accusing him of churning out Saudi
propaganda Coughlin deleted his Twitter
account soon after and neither he nor
his paper
responded to the allegations yeah a lot
of Fallout still continues from the
Hadji case let's move to Myanmar now
though because three senior journalists
have been arrested there who are they
and what else do we know about the case
so these journalists are from the eleven
Media Group editor-in-chief chores or
Lin along with managing editor nine men
and chief reporter pho I win now they
were all arrested following a story that
they were doing scrutinizing the funding
of a transport project in Yangon City
the journalists were charged by the
regional government using a colonial-era
law they said that the report could
cause fear or alarm to the public and
the rest of these men and indeed the
practice of using years old laws to
charge them is part of a growing pattern
that we've been seeing in Myanmar
just last month two Burmese journalists
working for Reuters why alone and sure
so began serving seven year jail terms
for violating the Official Secrets Act
which dates back to 1923 that ruling
it's really important to remember was
handed down despite one of the
government's own police officers telling
the judge that the journalists had been
the victims of a setup so thank you
after two consecutive terms in power and
another landslide election victory this
past April there seems to be little that
can threaten the rule of Viktor Orban in
Hungary but that doesn't mean the
project to consolidate his power in the
media has in any way eased off in the
eight years since or bans Fidesz party
swept to victory in 2010 numerous media
outlets have been shut down or seen
drastic changes in their editorial line
often after changes in ownership which
is why alarm bells rang last month when
Orban allies closed in on index dot hu
the last remaining outlet read and
respected on both sides of the political
divide in Hungary so far so familiar you
might say but Hungary watchers are now
observing the Orban media model gained a
foothold in other European countries
like Macedonia and Slovenia on the back
of investments that some say seek to
promote the Hungarian Prime Minister's
pan-european agenda the listening posts
will young
reports
April 2018 a landslide election victory
gives Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor
Orban the majority he needs to change
Hungary's constitution and the
confidence to accuse media who
criticized him of being fake news
Minister Nana put my Ganga this index is
read by about 1 million people daily
when the Prime Minister calls one of the
largest and most important independent
news outlets a fake news factory it
means he considers these 1 million
people to be stupid in less than four
months after or bans accusation in
September a member of the Prime
Minister's ruling coalition took a 50%
stake in the company that controls
indexes advertising revenues index
journalists such as editor-in-chief
Gabor and claw C are on high alert you
can have another key additional you the
most important question is how the
ownership change will affect our
independence we set up an independence
barometer on a separate web domain from
index if we feel that someone is
influencing our work then we will change
the barometer from independent to either
at risk or not free let's say burn
aluminium solid it is right for indexes
staff to be very worried about the
situation index was established back in
1999 so it has grown up essentially
together with we don't like media in
Hungary it's sort of symbolizes online
journalism quality online journalism in
Hungary as soon as government proxies
appear near these media outlets it can
very quickly end up in a change in its
coverage or it can also essentially be
shut down as it happened with witness
above check
Neb zaboo chuck was one of Hungary's
last major left-leaning newspapers when
in 2016 it was purchased and quickly
shut down by investors linked with or
bans Fidesz party since then more
changes in ownership have been followed
by more closures as well as notable
shifts in editorial line my dad knows
that not fill up my denim said one of
Hungary's most prestigious daily
newspapers shut down immediately after
the elections planted radio was also
shut down then Hetty Valles a
conservative weekly which had been
critical of the government was also
closed this summer a new investor both
here TV Hungary's most-watched cable
news channel on the day the new owners
arrived a popular evening talk-show was
replaced by a Viktor Orban speech the
intentions of the new owners were clear
to everyone at all a bad moon on
gossamer or ego used to be a competitor
of Index and it used to be independent
by now it has been completely degraded
and has become a propaganda mouthpiece
for the government other tabloids cater
for even more particular niche demands
they do not function as media but rather
as subsidiaries of the ministry of
information directly executing
government orders
one of those tabloids is repost just one
of a host of relatively minor outlets
that serve the bottom end of the
Hungarian media market they're low on
information high on sensation and what
news these outlets actually cover is
dominated by outrage against the EU
against migrants and against or bans
political opponents after 2015 many new
outlets appeared out of thin air
essentially report is something that you
would probably characterize as this
tabloid political journalism it's a
copycat version of informer in Serbia
which has been spreading fake news
conspiracy theories or ban essentially
imported something from another country
and now he is exporting it to other
countries in the Balkans in recent
months
Hungarian investors linked to Orban and
businesses close to him have effectively
been subsidizing highly politicized
sensationalist media in macedonia and
slovenia pushing anti-migrant
Euroskeptic narratives with a large
smattering of smears of opponents of the
populist right much in the image of
Hungary under Fidesz these investments
seem to have little to do with profit
making and everything to do with
promoting a certain brand of politics
the Cellini armor in Slovenia they
bought media that is co-owned by the
right-wing nationalist populist party
the SDS Viktor Orban personally
campaigned for SDS leader
Yanis yancha during the last election
campaign in Macedonia and garyun own
media outlets called for a boycott of a
referendum on changing the country's
official name to enable it to join the
European Union both there and in
Slovenia Hungarian earned media
disseminates far-right populist messages
come in you know miscellaneous
committees Canberra started the video
beta it is not possible in Slovenia for
a company to invest so much in a loss
making media house these media Nova 24
TV scandal and Democrat SIA are not
really separate entities but a single
media
what is published by one will appear on
the others democracia has an entire
segment dedicated to immigration and
each example is worse than the last
there will be attacks on political
adversaries based on unverified
information I see it always one big
political propaganda machine which feeds
on hate discrimination and lies things
that are typical of propaganda not
journalism your best was not Chile's
propaganda in Venus the investments in
both countries have been crucial partly
because they arrived just after the
parties who were the previous owners
lost power and as a consequence also the
resources to sustain these costly media
operations such investments cannot be
rationalized by market incentives
without this Hungarian many numerous
media operations would have shut down I
want to ask you colleagues today what is
the state of our union last month
the European Parliament voted to trigger
a so-called rule of law procedure
against the Hungarian government for its
rolling back of civil liberties and
human rights including freedom and
plurality in the media the Hungarian
government has effectively silenced
independent media a setback for orb√°n's
European project but with elections to
the European Parliament just months away
media investments in countries like
Slovenia and Macedonia could help keep
or buns
European ambitions alive
it caused a pellet l-dopa Fidesz is
building relationships with other
politicians in the Central and Eastern
Europe region in countries both inside
and outside the EU on the one hand they
provide know-how how to rule the media
landscape how to set the public agenda
how to run a propaganda media network on
the other hand we see shopping trip
acquisitions with no genuine business
motivations as in Hungary it is not
lucrative to run a propaganda machine
however it does pay off in politics
Central Europe has often served as a
sort of early warning system when it
comes to political development because
institutions are weaker here so when
political entrepreneurs come in and try
to influence them they can be more
successful
korban is simply finding his way through
those vulnerabilities and I think it's
something that could happen in other
countries as well if the media becomes
this big and finally a job in journalism
isn't forever newsrooms are cutting
staff reporters get burned out and many
other professions have better pay and
better hours luckily though journalists
have skills that can be useful in other
lines of work writing researching
interviewing and news readers have an
additional skill set an on-air style and
clear precise delivery but that's a
guarantee s of future outside the studio
this sketch by Irish comedy trio foil
arms and hog imagines life beyond the
cameras it's a bit close to home for me
but I hope you will enjoy it and we'll
see you next time at the listening post
so tune in lovely to meet you good
evening it's 5 minutes to 6 with this
just an informal chance so you can relax
it says in your resume you read the news
for nine years 20 years 2005 to 2014
I worked as the television news reader
but I decided I needed a change change
for the better the change for the best
okay and then after you left news
reading where did you well then 2014
with unemployment levels at record lows
we found it hard to get work in other
areas turning to hobbies I enjoy hiking
opera and social gatherings with friends
for a look at my sports we go over to
Khan Whitaker
thank you turn turn and sporting
interests include swimming and
five-a-side soccer but ask him to track
back is of course wishful thinking but
to you the envy thanks Carl
when are you looking to start it is
hoped that work will commence in the
spring we'll see what we can get thank
you and good night
okay and guys I'm gonna have to ask you
to leave
