as they get ready for the 75th Venice
Film Festival there's already plenty of
excitement about what's on offer in
recent years Venice has had a reputation
on makeover enjoying access to
big-budget Hollywood productions as well
as critical hits likely to go on to
Oscar success the man who's overseen
this reemergence says he's proud of the
balance he's struck of course we have
some blockbusters we have a number of
big themes and established filmmakers
but at the same time we have a huge
number of almost unknown filmmakers that
means that we still go on making making
a work of reel scouting and discovery
two years ago this festival began with a
piece of American escapism la-la-land
which went on to win six Oscars we'll
now the same director Damien Chazelle
gets to premiere his latest work right
here on opening night but this time it's
a true story
only after we mastered these tests do we
consider trying to land on the first man
is about how NASA astronaut Neil
Armstrong became the first person to set
foot on the moon starring Ryan Gosling
it's one of 21 films in the main
competition
so is roma by alfonso cuar√≥n whose last
film gravity premiered here before
winning him the Oscar for Best Director
it's a tribute to the Mexico of corenz
youth once again it's visually stunning
and it's one of the favorites to grab
Venice's top prize the Golden Lion and
Suspiria is one of a strong set of
Italian films competing here it's a
horror remake directed by Luca
Guadagnino whose last film call me by
your name was nominated for best film at
this year's Oscars over 11 days the
critics and the public are about to
discover a world of film in one of
Europe's most glamorous settings palaces
prizes and prestige Venice has them all
in abundance nadine barber al jazeera
venice
