in an oil-rich country like Venezuela
it's one thing to subsidized fuel quite
another is to give it away it's a gift
what I pay is not even enough for a tip
thanks to hyperinflation today you can
theoretically buy 1 million litres of
petrol with the equivalent of one u.s.
dollar and imagine this if you can a
1000 bolivar note which is worth point
zero zero 1 of a cent which is why the
government took them out of circulation
last week except here at petrol stations
and as incredible as it may seem I can
still use it here to buy a hundred and
sixty six liters of the highest octane
petrol at the Venezuela Colombia border
were small and large-scale smugglers
operate in broad daylight the price
distortion feeds a lucrative black
market with billions of dollars but now
in an attempt to rescue Venezuela's
drowning economy president Nicolas
Maduro has announced a plan to stop the
leak we won't allow those Colombian
mafia bloodsuckers to steal one more
leader for petrol no more petrol for
them Venezuelans have until the end of
the month to register their cars for an
unspecified amount of subsidized petrol
before prices go up dramatically for
everyone else in theory this would put
the lucrative black market out of
business but there's a problem
no I forma the quadric young you can't
stop it unless the government controls
the members of the National Guard
stationed at the border who oversee the
patrol contraband and allow tankers to
cross the border at night
Venezuela could certainly benefit from
cracking down on corruption on its side
of the border and selling the petrol
it's been losing at international prices
just as necessary Maduro finally seemed
serious about raising prices at the pump
we don't know how much it's going to
cost or how much will be rationed that
generates confusion uncertainty and
especially fear historically raising the
price of petrol has been a controversial
and explosive issue in Venezuela yet
even the most skeptical admit that
giving away petrol is less of a gift
than a symbol of an economy in freefall
see inhuman al Jazeera Caracas
