a ceasefire is in force following the
fighting in the south eastern suburbs of
the Libyan capital rival armed groups
include the 7th brigade from the city of
Taruna which commanders say is part of
the presidential guard the clashes
resulted in terrorizing civilians in the
seven suburbs of Tripoli we are
currently working on a ceasefire to
bring things back to normal we are
calling on all parties to refrain from
any violence in Tripoli Tripoli is to
capital for all Libyans heavy weapons
have been fired in the fighting for
control over strategic locations in
Tripoli random shelling has damaged
buildings including homes markets and
mosques despite the ceasefire hospitals
remain on high alert to receive
casualties the victims of this war
include innocent civilians whose houses
were accidentally caught in the
crossfire the un-backed national Accord
government has condemned the attacks and
says the 7th Brigade and its affiliates
are outlaws Libya's interior minister
says the terms of the ceasefire
agreement provides for the hand over of
the headquarters of the 7th Brigade to
government forces but that's in doubt
because the government is not thought to
be strong enough to rein in the armed
groups holed up through ahead al Jazeera
Tripoli
