through Russia called this emergency
meeting of the UN Security Council to
warn that Syrian rebels supported by
Western governments might stage a
chemical attack then blame it on Syrian
government forces Western diplomats
dismissed that idea as ridiculous I
think even by the egregious standards of
Russian propaganda this is an
extraordinary fake news story of course
we are not going to do anything remotely
akin to a chemical weapons attack we
take our chemical weapons prohibition
responsibilities extremely seriously
Western governments say Russia's claims
a mentor so confusion and paved the way
for yet another chemical weapons
massacre by Syrian government forces
Russia's ambassador strongly denies this
we are seeing how some Western countries
are clearly supporting al-nusra fighters
the chemical topic is cruelly
manipulated to put pressure on Damascus
just sabre-rattling to deal with
internal domestic issues the northern
countryside of hammer and idli provinces
are the last remaining rebel-held areas
the Syrian government is banned to
recapture so-called
terrorist areas the US has vowed a
strong reaction to any chemical or
biological attack that is a very
credible threat the US and its allies
are making because they've already used
force twice before after a chemical
weapons attack and in fact that's the
one reason that it's been used and for a
major US military strikes against the
Syrian government from the joint Syrian
Russian command post the message is
clear adlib will face the same attacks
as all other rebel-held areas liberated
from what they call terrorism this is
what that liberation looks like whether
in Homs or Aleppo areas back under
control of President Bashar al Assad's
forces backed by Russia and Iran
Victoria Gaytan be al Jazeera
