I am for me okay and you're in the
stream today what consent Rees of
indigenous knowledge teach us about the
world I mallika belong in the final show
of our indigenous view series will
consider how indigenous communities have
advanced science often to the benefit of
all send us your comments via Twitter
and the YouTube chat the forth I am the
CEO and founder of the indigenous
comic-con and you are industry to most
of us the word science conjures up
images of laboratories experiments and
big textbooks but indigenous peoples
around the world have their own very
different systems of knowledge that have
advanced human understanding indigenous
knowledge also known as traditional
knowledge is fountain and maintained by
indigenous communities the experiences
of tribal members within the natural
world are passed down the generations by
word of mouth indigenous knowledge is
key to understanding an array of
different science fields this clip from
the center for international governance
innovation has some examples traditional
knowledge means different things to
different people it may relate to
genetic resources plants animals insects
that are native to the area where that
particular community resides indigenous
peoples have an insight into sustainable
development and conservation and
protection biodiversity and that there's
something important in that that we need
to hear when indigenous people suffer
from illnesses from microbes what have
they done to combat those illnesses have
they used plants have they used some
food these are
our clues to potential sources of
Medicine well joining us to discuss this
Tara Moose Tannen is a researcher in
indigenous and traditional knowledge as
well as climate change he's also a lead
author in the forthcoming six report by
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change he joins us from selkie village
north karelia and finland and also from
Corvallis OR Oregon we have Samantha
Chisholm Hatfield she is a postdoctoral
research associate at Northwest climate
science adaptation Center and she is an
enrolled member of the select Indian
tribal Confederation hello it's great to
have you so Malika and I were in this
big editorial meeting earlier on today
and we were flying around terms and
trying to work out what the terms
maintain how broad they were and then
that phrase traditional ecological
knowledge popped up and and I said how
are we gonna start this conversation
Malika
that's just one of the terms that our
community is using and people in the
know are using here is a bit breakdown
from the conversation it's a research
and academic site they write in recent
years many scholars have become aware of
the large body of information known as
traditional knowledge TK indigenous
knowledge I came or traditional
ecological knowledge Tek amongst other
terms so an umbrella term there as
traditional knowledge but to break it
down even further we got this comment
this is Kyle house white he is an
environmental art activist and professor
and he writes not all indigenous peoples
use the same terms but when they do it
oftentimes refers to the fact that as
indigenous people over generations we
develop systems for gaining a reliable
understanding of the world around us
Samantha that seems like a good
definition how would you define
indigenous knowledge
I really admire dr. Paz white he and I
just authored co-authored a paper and I
respect his views highly I think he's
he's very very in the know I actually
term it differently and there are
multiple people who define Tek and I K
and TK differently I use Tek more as a
noun or a verb antique
as a noun because I break it down in
many many sections of traditional
knowledge 'as you can have a knowledge
but not actually quiet and I define Tek
as the application and utilization of
that traditional knowledge so it varies
from people to people and I think that
it it's up to the person the individual
and the tribal community that utilizes
it Samantha do you what now you've given
us the acronyms do want to give us an
example well K and TK traditional
knowledge and traditional ecological
knowledge would be primarily the terms
that I use for Native Americans I've
used indigenous knowledge because
indigenous can mean you know of people
that is indigenous over long periods of
time for any span of time in their place
they know that place very very
definitively over say four or five
generations there is another term that
Noah uses that is called local
ecological knowledge or le ke and that
is separate and many people don't
understand that le ke is quite different
from Tek or TK samac I mean I mean
acronym soup right now so I'm gonna
quickly I'm gonna leave the acronym sit
there just for a moment because what I
wanted to do was to take us into this
different worldview that we're seeing so
if we look at indigenous science for
instance Jonathan an example of how
perhaps an indigenous community might
look at fishing and the way the rest of
us approach fishing that might be a good
way to get people up to speed with what
we're talking about can you give us that
fishing it's our board Jonathan oh yeah
so in my worldview and a lot of people I
work with we're moving away from these
ideas of Tek you know traditional
knowledge and calling an indigenous
science that's an important distinction
I think because this science is still
alive today it's not it's from the
ancient past of course but it's still
alive today some of the things we see
now
you know and I'll point to an example
right here in Oregon less than 200 years
ago let's say around two hundred years
ago Lewis and Clark came here and in
their journals they wrote about the
first fit the first salmon ceremony
which during the salmon runs here in the
northwest the first pulse of salmon the
tribal people had selected people to go
out and fish that very first pulse
they caught the salmon they brought him
in and from that they made a
determination of how many salmon should
be taken that year and it was fish
management so that's fish science just
like we do today but it was in their own
way
very important because they understood
the consequences are getting it wrong
and the consequences are getting it
wrong where there were no fish the next
year for them to eat there wasn't a safe
way or a grocery store they could run
off to and get some food if the salmon
income so they were very careful about
that today though we see our fish
management practices are driven by the
dollar and they're driven to catch the
very last fish indigenous people
understood through their science that's
the wrong move because if you don't have
fish next year you're gonna starve all
right I should say that Jonathan
Waterhouse is starting us from Portland
Oregon and he's an indigenous peoples'
scholar at the Portland State University
and he spent more than a decade working
with tribes and First Nations in the
Yukon watershed taro a lot of the
information that we're getting right now
for it we're looking at this indigenous
science and what it is helping us
understand climate change that is a big
one where the indigenous communities are
seeing climate change before anybody
else you have a story about beetles
because that gives us a perfect
understanding of what we're talking
about can you share that with us please
yeah here is the European north there
are multiple range of peoples and the
Sami people are the indigenous peoples
in Sweden Norway Finland and Russia and
we established the very first
coal management regime for an Atlantic
salmon stream of Natomas River with the
understanding that what could we do to
complement scientific assessments of how
climate change is having an impact on
the salmon and on the rivers with some
indigenous knowledge and to jump right
into the answer with the Peter some
years ago the Scots army knowledge
holders actually detected the first-ever
observation of a sudden beetle species
that had moved in moved in from the more
southern latitudes and then this
particular observation was later
confirmed by science and registered in
in all sorts of journals but the point
here is that when we discuss indigenous
knowledge or traditional knowledge the
scales scales of how things are observed
are not only limited to be quite conic
animals like polar bears or whales or in
a salmon the beetle example shows that
these are in one in some way the first
line of observation makers and and first
responders the changes that are underway
like that you mentioned the being the
first responders it's not something that
someone might think about when it comes
to beetles and the beetle population but
then what that could mean for human
populations is interesting Weldon here
on Twitter picks up on that same idea of
northern indigenous peoples such as the
Inuit have compiled thousands of years
of environmental observations that are
now informing our view of how the
climate is changing in the most extreme
places on earth and in this case the
Arctic and how the ice is changing so
tangent oh but but but related to what
you were saying there I want to play a
video comment next from someone else
with some pretty specific examples this
is George Nicolas he's an archaeologist
at Simon Fraser University in Canada and
this is what he told the stream native
medicines such as use of Lillo bark have
contributed to the development of modern
aspirin and other products
balsam rude and birch bark and other
plants that were traditionally used for
healing are known to have antimicrobial
and antifungal properties as
demonstrated by laboratory
studies and are now being examined by
pharmaceutical companies and here in the
northwest coast the ancient practice of
constructing clam gardens increased
shellfish productivity for harvesting it
is now being put back into practice
thousands of years later however too
often indigenous knowledge is exploited
without acknowledgement or recompense
that the communities that hold the
knowledge it's critical that they
benefit from outsiders use of their
cultural heritage since the bantha I for
one did not know that aspirin originated
with willow bark can does that resonate
with you or there are other examples
within what he said there are
constructing clam gardens lots of things
there that your average person may not
know about right the thing that is
really important to understand is that
some of those medicines are accurate
that he denoted but different tribes
have different policies and it varies
intellectual property rights that have
to be taken into account so sharing
widely a medicine could be used
erroneously or it could be exploited to
the point where that indigenous
population cannot use it any further for
their own ceremonial ways and that's
really important to safeguard since
they're the parameters of what is used
how it's used where it's used when it's
used and who it's used by are very
different in the Western mainstream
world compared to indigenous cultural
values so one of the things to look into
is what can be shared and what should be
shared because some of those medicines
have gone away because of oversharing
and exploitation and non sustainable
manners yes don't think ahead yeah yeah
I'd like to expand on that a little bit
because I and you're exactly right it
has been exploited down through the ages
in this modern world we live in now I
honestly believe that indigenous science
and modern science contemporary science
should not be in conflict although they
are and they should not be in conflict
they should be complementary of each
other but through these
of exploitation out through the years
through the centuries it's become a huge
problem a good example right now is the
Matis people that live in Brazil and
Peru they have medical knowledge that is
basically off the charts and they have
created a 500 page document of their
medical knowledge but it's written in
their language so it cannot be stolen
and exploited by let's say Big Pharma or
these you know the large corporations so
that's a protection of their medical
knowledge but at the same time as we
look at that why should be Why should
there be that conflict why can't we have
this respectful approach to each other
so we can share this knowledge that
could possibly save some lives or
improve at least improve people's lives
Jonathan just a big questions don't I
have to show audience something this is
from the World Intellectual Property
Organization and they're really with you
of the idea that we shouldn't be having
to steal other people's knowledge and
and science we should be out of work
together so they put together a
fictional story of how indigenous
communities can work with maybe Big
Pharma and big corporations and work
together have a look I organized a
meeting and we agreed to talk with the
cosmetics company we expressed our
concerns that their anti-aging cream
used our traditional knowledge we also
explained how their trademark was given
the impression that the cream was an
authentic yaku enoy product benefiting
my community this was not the case
after a series of productive discussions
the company agreed to resubmit their
patent and trademark applications with
the yakoo enoy as co-owners so before
you all start looking up the your Kuen
oi tribe they do not exist that was an
example of the future and what is
possible tell right what is possible if
your science that you're working on
right now of indigenous communities what
are you up to well I think one of the
emergencies here in the Eurasian North
comes in two forms the other one is of
course climate change impacts intensity
in themselves for example two years ago
we saw in Siberia at the outbreak of
anthrax as the permafrost is melting
from some of these camp sites of nomadic
indigenous peoples and one small young
boy died because of this anthrax was
leaked into the into the population so
there are all sorts of completely new
events which are coming forward the
second one which we are trying to put in
place with indigenous knowledge is
ecological restoration so that we would
have more sites more safe havens for
birds fish animals spawning areas of
restored and so forth as things get
worse so that it's really the urgency of
day-to-day that we try to do here and
the the messages like the N tracks are
very disturbing we are not far away from
having a smallpox as well on the table
and and as the permafrost is melting and
this should be the kind of issues that
are brought forward so I like that you
ended your statement with that these are
the sort of issues that should be
brought forward because we got a tweet
from Alice here and she says sometimes
this knowledge has not been shared with
outsiders but in many many cases the
communities have been willing to share
so why didn't no one listen until it's
been reported by scientists she goes on
to posit a theory of watch thinks that
is Allison Twitter says for one thing we
academics and media the general public
we have a bias towards the new so that
knowledge has been long-held is not as
likely to generate clicks or
publications
something that is just been
quote-unquote discovered so Jonathan on
this theme of the conflicts between
Western medicine and indigenous
knowledge and indigenous medicine keep
that in mind keep that tweet in mind
because I want to play a video comment
from Kyle white who you heard from a
little bit earlier at the top of the
show Kyle is also an enrolled member of
the citizen Potawatomi nation and this
is his take on that conflict
Trisha Knoll ecological knowledge
oftentimes places a lot of emphasis on
the idea that knowledge keepers should
be transparent and accountable and
trustworthy to the people in their
communities that they serve and that
they should be respected for the work
that they do scientific bodies often
dismiss traditional ecological knowledge
due to racism and cultural
discrimination that erases indigenous
peoples histories and the ways that
indigenous people use traditional
ecological knowledge to support their
efforts in addressing today's challenges
so Jonathan I'm gonna throw that one to
you but I know samantha has been nodding
as I was reading those tweets and played
that video comments I know she has
something to say Jonathan you go first
so I think modern society ignores the
indigenous science at its own peril you
know there's an there's instance after
instance after is of this going back
generations to even the Maya when a
fellow named Diego de Landa burned their
codexes which was their knowledge that
was thousands of years of knowledge this
is knowledge that's not been lost to the
world and as we go forward there is a
way that the indigenous people have
interacted with the planet through
generations
when a true indigenous person looks out
across the land they don't see you know
linear board feet of lumber or in a tree
or you know or I own that water and I'm
going to bottle it and sell it to you
they see all their relations they
understand that they're part of that
system to ignore that
is more in the Western Eurocentric
context to ignore that we're actually
part of this system and we have to work
in balance with it and that's something
I think the modern society should really
deeply think about and maybe learn from
the indigenous people some on that go
ahead it's a value system of reciprocity
and sustainability understanding that
you must be sustainable and you are part
of this circle you are part of all of
those beings whether they're you know
you consider them alive or or just
sentient you are part of that
coexistence then that comes back to you
it's really important and it really
conflicts with Western value systems of
owning and property value unfortunately
well that's you know really just
detrimental to the system there's a
Canadian not profit profit organization
that's trying really hard to get young
people from indigenous communities
involved in science have a look at some
of what they're doing actually is
Canada's leading science technology
engineering and math at reach
organization on an annual basis we're
partnering with 200 indigenous
communities and engaging 35,000 youth
it's really about getting to know the
community and building trusting
relationships with them and ensuring
that they understand that we're not
there to tell them what to do but we're
there to find out what they need and
work directly with them this technology
is a tool it's not a replacement for
their cultural knowledge and for us to
be able to find ways to align those two
sets of knowledge ease Tara this is so
important the idea is that future
indigenous scientists future scientists
are coming from the indigenous community
so critical what are you seeing things
there there will be a tremendous
transformation perhaps even a loss of
nomadic and traditional life ways as we
enter more into this century and the
Silicon obsession if you will with all
the iPhones and Facebook's is being
immersed with with the young people so
there will be a moment where we will
lose a large portion of oral histories
placed in place based knowledge cheese
and practices this will happen and these
territories that we utilized by
indigenous peoples often for example in
the Arctic will be then utilized by many
companies and others there won't be a
void it will be a natural resources
century now we should find ways of
getting those young people back in in
land-based activities and there if it's
well done Natural Sciences and training
like that might play a role
they could be conducting community-based
monitoring of how things are changing
combining that with the the main thing
in my opinion which is that how do we
maintain women and men on the land we
are losing and and in a situation where
traditional knowledge is becoming too
academic we are losing the fishermen the
women the reindeer herders and the
hunters out in the camps what do we do
about that well we have to create a
century but it's a viable and meaningful
to stay stay in those places and live a
good life there here's one other
solution or suggestion via twitter
michael says develop stem projects that
help indigenous communities work with
First Nations this is out of Canada to
do that and then train young indigenous
people to run the facilities Canada
would be solving its only challenges but
also creating ideas and products that
might interest others throughout the
globe and of course that can be expanded
to more than just Canada Jonathan what
do you make about I think in our modern
society it's our burden and also our
responsibility to find that perfect
blend again balance between the modern
and the traditional as Tara said you
know how are we going to make it where
these people can live on the land
and live in place that they have lived
for thousands of years and participate
in their culture as the modern society
comes roaring toward towards them and
you know we meet today a lot of students
they they do they want to go off to the
university but when they're done they
want to go home
to their culture and their people to
help their people and move it move you
know their society ahead so I think it
is our burden to find a way that that
pathway to be able to do that properly
and respectfully you know respectful of
their culture it's a big German it's a
huge responsibility but I think we can
find our way all right thank you so much
guests really appreciate your insight
this afternoon today ambalika what do
you have well give our last word to our
viewers on YouTube Antonia says
traditional knowledge isn't just a
cerebral knowledge it is knowledge of
the mind the body and the soul the
connection to the earth thank you very
much - Jonathan - Tarot and also -
Samantha really appreciate you being
here with us on the stream you can
continue commenting on this topic on
twitter youtube and at aljazeera.com
forward slash the stream bye for now
it's easy
