how wide is the rift between Europe and
the United States
the French president says the White
House is undermining transatlantic
relations and Europe may have to defend
itself can Europe live without the US
this is an inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth Rodham but friends like
Donald Trump who needs enemies that was
the reaction from European Council chief
Donald Tusk when the u.s. president
withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal and
reimpose sanctions
well EU leaders want to save the nuclear
deal and multi-billion dollar business
contracts but European companies are
bound to us demands by pulling out of
Iran including British Airways and Air
France switch aground in flights to
Tehran that's despite revised EU
legislation called blocking statute it's
aimed at nullifying US legal action
against European firms which define US
sanctions on Iran and the EU agreed to
21 million dollars in aid to Iran to
help offset the impact of sanctions now
Germany's foreign minister has called
for independent payment channels to be
created which would avoid US sanctions
in a newspaper article hike Omar said
it's indispensable that we strengthen
European autonomy by creating payment
channels that are independent of the
United States also creating a European
monetary fund and an independent Swift
first US sanctions are back in force in
this situation it's of strategic
importance that we clearly tell
Washington we want to work together but
we will not let you act over our heads
and the French president has criticized
Donald Trump Emmanuel macron said
Europe's historical partner seems to
turn his back on this common history
mineski PES wanna be a good man the
first fret which is a burden our shared
well-being is a crisis of
multilateralism itself multi lesson is
in fact going through a major crisis
which is freaking all of our diplomatic
relationships above all because of the
new American policy level it abilities
to nip at underserve wha the real
question is not so much to know if I
will take down Trump by the arm during
the next summit but how we will
collectively get to the grips with this
moment of great transformation we're
going through and to which all of our
societies are confronted with
well let's bring in our panel now
joining us from Berlin as Thorsten
Benner the director of the global Public
Policy Institute in Harvard Katherine
kluever ashbrook executive director of
future of diplomacy project at Harvard
Kennedy School and in Brussels via Skype
as Daniel grass he's the director of the
Center for European Policy Studies a
very warm welcome to all of you mr.
Boehner let me start with you in Berlin
and your foreign ministers are op ed
where he wrote making plans for a new
world order our Europe and the US on a
collision course here not necessarily
but in a course of readjustment we find
ourselves in a fundamentally new
situation with the US Germany used to
have the best deal of all us would take
care of our security we can compete
economically and disagree politically
now the Trump administration has served
us our vulnerabilities on a silver
platter the security guarantees are no
longer secure and the u.s. is going
against the very institutions it helps
to create that are dear to Germany and
the Atlantic Alliance and they're also
going against one of the biggest
achievements of European diplomacy the
Iran deal and here Europe is saying we
need to invest in our own strategic
autonomy financial autonomy that's what
mr. mas was talking about in this
particular piece is one part of the
puzzle I want to talk more about that
financial autonomy because the Iran
nuclear deal as you said is so important
to Europe diplomatically mr. gross let
me bring you and now this alternative
payment system to the dominant Swift we
have heard from others not just Heiko
Maas that the European Commission has
been developing a parallel system to
Swift which would allow Iran to interact
with European financial systems how
viable is this I don't think we can
build up a special payment system just
for one country Iran which after all is
a very limited economic and financial
importance actually when we talk about
payment systems you should forget
that the dominant global payment system
is Swift which is Europe it's a European
company which is under the jurisdiction
of the European Commission therefore so
in this sense it's wrong to say that we
need a new European payments our new
global payment system to rival Ravel the
United States dollar what we need is
different financial markets so that we
wouldn't need our European companies to
list in the United States or to have
lots of dealings with US financial
markets that's the real problem not so
much the pure payment system miss
kluever ashbrook lets me let me bring
you in now the financial sort of markets
and arrangements that mr. gross is
talking about wouldn't that be even more
difficult to establish than an
alternative payment system to Swift I
mean what do you make of these
alternatives that are being proposed to
counteract US sanctions I think a
critical component here is timing you
can have many thoughts and sketch out
many plans on your sketchbook whether
it's in Brussels or in any of the
national capitals the problem here the
main problem both on the defense side
which my colleague tossin Benna
mentioned implicitly in terms of putting
up a robust defense if you will a robust
response to American actions in the
world
that is going to be as difficult to do
quickly as it is to build essentially a
new financial transaction system or a
financial transaction system that would
undercut the predominance of the dollar
in the financial markets and to figure
out how long that would take I think
we're talking clearly about decades from
now for that to be as impactful as the
system we have now so that would be a
system that in some respects would long
outlive this administration and then
European governments would have to
decide how tactical and how strategic
that kind of investment would really be
to them or whether it's worth investing
in critical negotiations with partners
and trying to work with the practical
realities that exist on the ground right
now mr. bata do you think this you
thinking actually more long-term here
more long-term than just counteracting
these latest US sanctions yeah the the
Iran sanctions are just a trigger and
Europe is well aware that they won't
likely won't pull this off until
November when it would need to be in
place to salvage the Iran deal for
salvaging the Iran deal I think we very
much have to rely on China providing a
lifeline to Iran by increasing or
securing the oil oil exports and also
using independent payment systems that
the Chinese have but clearly this is
triggered a rethink in Europe actually a
rethink that was predicted by US
Secretary Treasury secretary Jack Lew
during the Obama administration he said
like he warned of sanctions overreach I
do think that there's weaponizing of
interdependence and choke points and
Swift is one Swift may be a European
institution but it's at the mercy of of
American pressure and we've seen that
many times with regard to Iran that's
why it is indeed important for Europe to
develop these alternative payment
channels the US will certainly try to
prevent this by playing divide and rule
mr. Maus himself has said the devil is
in a thousand details this is something
you announced once and then you quietly
go about trying to pull this off this
will be very hard to pull this off but
it's worth trying well in the meantime
we do have something that is in place
which is the blocking statute to nullify
US legal action against European firms
doing business with Iran mr. gross is
the statute effective and how many
European businesses you know are willing
to risk to continue doing business with
Iran and still face US sanctions we've
had the French oil giant total pull out
as we've mentioned Russia SH Airways and
also Air France will stop flying to Iran
soon and these are just a few examples
it is quite clear that no large no
important European company will
risk us entrance just for a number of
small deals in Iran Iran is so marginal
for European exporters and when they
make the calculation that maybe they get
us actions
perhaps offset to some extent by the
European blocking statute but that is
never 100% certain so I think this
European blocking statute will be a very
limited effectiveness for large
companies it might help some SMEs in
Europe who have no or little business in
United States and they might continue to
business but that is really not the
important point of this I would also add
that what my colleague said that Europe
here should be thinking long term and
shortly whether its own autonomous
capacitor Namas capacities mr. mas has
point in the direction I think we have
heard that before I do not really expect
to see a lot of action following these
these promises and these ideas because
the real problems of Europe lie
elsewhere and the political capital is
just not there to develop these
capacities
well let's then broaden out this
discussion because Europe and the US
have differences on a number of other
major issues the Trump administration
imposed tariffs on steel and aluminium
imports from a range of countries in
March the EU responded with
countermeasures Donald Trump's
criticized Europe's more open
immigration measures in contrast to his
zero-tolerance policies the u.s.
withdrew from the 2015 Paris climate
agreement last year which the head of
the EU Council Donald Tusk described as
a mistake and Trump has criticized NATO
members for not contributing enough to
fund the transatlantic military alliance
mrs. cleaver ashbrook let me come to you
so with all those differences you know
now out in the open have Donald Trump's
isolationist policies I think mr. mcann
called an aggressive isolationism
finally taken their toll on European
leaders and now leading to
policymaking well I wouldn't say taking
their toll we see this I see this as a
continuation of outside forces really
pushing the European Union pushing
individual member states to rethink
their priorities we have a situation
with the the MA speech falls into
plethora of speeches that were made
along the lines of the European Union
really having to focus its energies on
defense policies on critical policies
that underpin a European value system
not least the points that you've already
mentioned around the Paris climate
Accord and the validity of international
institutions like the WTO
so you mentioned president McColl he
gave a speech a number of months ago
that was immediately where he stressed
the importance of European defense
independence and that was immediately
followed and buffeted by the German
Chancellor so in some respects this
speech by Michaelmas follows a specific
tradition almost now and rethinking
rethinking what Europeans can do and
what we need to see now is rapid and
focused action in some of these areas
and there I share my colleagues
skepticism that we can do this quickly
enough to tackle the plethora of changes
that are and challenges that are
confronting the European Union at the
same time you say rapid action which is
something that the French president
Emmanuel macron repeated on Monday he
said you know he actually called this a
crisis moment for global multilateralism
naturalism he also said that the
post-war Western dominated world was in
danger mr. Benner is it and if you know
this sort of urgent action that he's
calling for in terms of defense because
he's saying that Europe can no longer
depend on the US for defense well what
does that mean and what does that mean
for NATO
I mean mr. Mars
has four elements to his strategy and I
think they're all very cool headed one
and that response to the Macomb point on
capabilities is to finally invest in our
own capabilities Germany has been
falling short on on the
especially on the military front for for
a while now and we need it really need
to shape up that's the that's the first
element and response to also what mr.
macaws saying the second is to have a
counterbalance to the u.s. soft
balancing if you will where they mr. mas
at Cross red lines or do things that
really harm European interests that
means this financial autonomy that we've
been talking about technological
autonomy and some issues is also part of
the puzzle the third is and that comes
to your multilateralism point mr. Martin
mr. McCoy has talked about new alliances
mr. mas has been a little bit more
specific he called for an alliance of
multilateral lists he teamed up with
Canada with Japan other middle powers
were committed to multilateralism who
were you know shocked by the America
first strategy that the u.s. the Trump
administration is going against the very
institutions that it helped create and
that are underwriting European
prosperity that's of course an uphill
battle but it's something worth trying
and the fourth element of this Atlantic
strategy or America policy of mr. mouse
is renewed engagement with the broader
American public the Trump administration
doesn't represent the whole of America
and he has repeatedly said that in the
greater scheme of things in the US we
still have the best shot at having an
ally outside Europe China and Russia
even less benign had Germans in their
own ways and not at all
partners that could make up for the the
old role of the u.s. mr. Glossop what do
you make of everything you're hearing
can Europe sort of forge ahead with
these new agreements you know new
alliances and everything from financial
markets to defense the short answer
would be Europe could do it the means
are there economically financially and
even on the military side but I must
I doubt that the political will exists
we have all these speeches but when
these politicians go home and when they
have to find majorities in their home
domestic Parliament's to create a
European ami or to create a European
payment system the people just don't
follow them in Germany itself there's
very great resistance to increase
expenditure on defense team a little bit
although German public finances are in
great shape so I would say yes Europe
should to it but I very much doubt it
will be done mr. cleaver Ashbrook what
do you make of that are these countries
despite you know what we hear from
especially from miss Merkel and mr.
Makran are they actually lacking the
political will the public support to
create a new world order I would
disagree with my colleague Daniel Gross
a little bit we have seen over the
summer some very market debates
particularly in the public on things
like defense spending and the future of
German defense policy there has been a
very nuanced debate on whether Germany
might have to consider getting a nuclear
weapon now that the United States is
retreating from the security
architecture in Europe now that came out
to on the side of clearly of no but what
we're seeing in a lot of the a lot of
the questions that have been put to the
German public that the German public is
actually ahead of its political class
they see that it could be important to
invest more in German and in European
defense spending they're very aware now
after a prolonged debate within the
German press and within the German media
of of the needs for an integrated
European defense policy so I think there
is some movement there but again I would
point to the fact that that movement
might not be quick enough to tackle all
the challenges that a European Union
faces from the south and from the East
particularly you raised the migration
question but also an ever more
aggressive Russia Russia announced today
that they will stage large military
exercises in the coming months and that
is something that the European Union
needs to find answers for and it needs
to find those answers quickly European
unity is of course a big question mr.
Benin let me put something to you we had
the NATO secretary-general Jens
Stoltenberg saying earlier this year
that he's worried about the serious
differences between Europe and the US
and some of the world's most important
issues is one of the sort of bigger
problems here that we are we an unsorted
and charted territory when it comes to
differences between Europe and the US as
I said I mean we've always had
differences over the Iraq war previously
the Suez Crisis and have we had such big
differences on so many different issues
no we haven't what we haven't had before
is the fundamental doubts about the
viability of the alliance arrangement
that's why Europe needs to hedge
that's why Europe needs to have a plan B
those doubts and the need for the plan
for Plan B come at the worst possible
moment because Europe is besieged by
anti liberal forces also from from
within and by anti anti liberal
authoritarian powers Russia and China
from without so it's a very precarious
moment but Europe doesn't have any other
choice I agree with mr. gloss that of
course it's it's easy to say Europe
won't pull this off because there's so
many countervailing forces but those
politicians who believe in Europe and to
believe that even a big country like
Germany is no longer enough sufficient
to hold its own in this kind of
tumultuous world they need to kind of
invest to try to convince the public
yeah and make the most of this situation
that in terms of the turmoil is is
indeed unprecedented and should they use
you know the issue of Iran to come
together and stand up to the US on this
mr. gross I'll go to you
I don't think Iran will make much effect
will have much effect on European public
opinion the strongest support for
European unity and action comes actually
from Putin from Trump himself by
questioning the value of the Alliance to
some extent by the pictorial turn of a
Diwan so the more people in Europe
perceive that they are surrounded by
very unstable regimes unstable states
the more of course the likelihood
increase that something will be done so
to this extent actually what Trump is
doing might have some beneficial impact
but as he Kotick said well Europe - it
quickly enough and the greatest danger I
see that somebody on the outside
miscalculates and things that somehow
Europe is oh it is related that foreign
power can take advantage of it
mr. favish Brooke even if they can't do
it quickly enough Europe can't also
afford to just wait and sit out this
Trump's Trump presidency can they know
and I think you've seen cohesive action
at least you know for the European Union
large steps they agreed last year on
padule-- and the defense dimension on
what they call permanent structured
cooperation the European Union is
working with NATO to define in which
areas the European Union could have
strategic autonomy mr. Maus added to his
op-ed if you will yesterday in his
speech to the collected diplomats of
Germany that he is vested in also
creating a civilian force so to enhance
a civil military cooperation so there
are different areas in which the
European Union has the leeway both
legally and politically to do more it
needs to figure out very clearly its
relationship with NATO and it cannot sit
out what the Trump administration plans
to do in fact we have known since the
beginning of the Trump campaign that one
of the goals of
mr. Trump himself and some few people
within his administration to pick
European the European Union apart
strategically because then that would
allow him to negotiate within ideally
that's what he believes none of that is
true and under European law but to
negotiate individually with European
countries what he prefers streak in the
US administration and yes mr. Bennett
I'm going to here that leads to the
European Union going to give mr. Bator
the last word mr. cleaver Ashbrook
because we don't have very long left so
can this European Union remain united
against this trump presidency do you
think it is not united on on a number of
issues for example the Nord Stream
dealing with Russia their divisions
already and the Trump administration if
it so wants can play divide and rule
very effectively with Europe
that's why countries like Germany France
really need to invest very hard in
maintaining European unity there are a
number of pills we probably have to
swallow as Germany along the way that
means we cannot go against the illiberal
ISM domestically of Poland Hungary as
forcefully as we would like to if we
want to keep for example Poland and
Hungary in the boat in confrontations
with China and and the US and Russia so
it's a tricky situation but we have to
keep trying mr. Boehner thank you very
much we'll have to end on that somewhat
positive note that is Thurston Benner in
Berlin and Catherine kluever ashbrook in
Harvard and Daniel grosse in Brussels
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our web site aljazeera.com and
for further discussion do go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com /aj
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle this
at AJ inside story from me Elizabeth
puranam and the whole team here bye for
now
you
