Abdul Fatah Hamas are we and his wife
Khadija have survived the last four
years with the help of the United
Nations they benefited from a cash
assistance program for Syrian refugees
in Lebanon but they were recently told
they will no longer receive the one
hundred and seventy five dollar monthly
payment they are victims of what the
international organization says is its
limited resources we are in need of
assistance from the United Nations
because we are indeed and I can't work
for health reasons I have a heart
problem
every year the UN conducts an assessment
to find out who needs its help the most
the Massaro e's are among 180,000 syrian
families who will no longer be eligible
for the aid which will now be given to
the same number of families who have
been recently identified as the most
vulnerable Shamsi hazaa will now be
given priority for the first time since
her family moved to Lebanon a year ago
she will be given money to pay for food
and other needs my daughters are working
so that we can eat that they barely make
enough money if they don't work will die
from hunger almost a million Syrian
refugees are registered with the UN in
Lebanon but only 30 percent are eligible
for the cash assistance program because
of the lack of money it is our
responsibility to make sure that the
families receiving this assistance are
really those who need it the most
the bottom line is that this program
really targets the poorest of the poor
and sadly it doesn't even reach the the
percentage of the families who live
under the extreme poverty line now in
its eighth year the conflict in
neighboring Syria has made millions
dependent on assistance limited funding
means many refugees have to rely on
themselves and that is not easy in
Lebanon where they are not welcome the
suffering is immense UN statistics show
more than 80 percent of Syrian refugees
have at least one family member living
with a chronic health condition and most
organizations provide only basic health
care and even the fairest family didn't
get that when they
the child not too long ago they say they
haven't benefited from the UN cash
program during their four years in
Lebanon this 26 year old father earns
three dollars a day but that is only
when he finds work harder than Russia
Russia since I came from Syria I haven't
been able to find a steady job whatever
I earn is not enough I am in debt I owe
people three and a half thousand dollars
the UN warns the humanitarian crisis is
not going to go away anytime soon and so
many continue to appeal for help
senator al-jazeera becau
