none have clean hands a UN panel three
experts investigating and a damning
conclusion individuals in the government
of Yemen and the coalition including
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates may have conducted attacks in
violation of the principles of
distinction proportionality and all
precautions which may amount to war
crimes the UN top human rights body
commissioned the investigation into the
ongoing fighting in Yemen of war that
has lasted almost four years the panel
of experts made 14 fact-finding missions
spoke to victims and eyewitnesses and
expressed concern about the targeting of
civilians the use of child soldiers and
the use of sexual abuse as a weapon
which was described as horrendous
conscripted or enlisting children under
the age of 15 or using them to
participate actively in hostilities is a
war crime the panel called for an end to
the fighting and without naming names
are just the international community to
stop providing weapons for the conflict
Iran has been supplying Houthi fighters
while the US and the UK has been backing
the saudi-led coalition the panel also
criticized the Houthi side in what was a
strongly worded report they need to send
investigator into Yemen and which had
been welcomed by the hosi many many time
so when they have a good evidence then
they can bring anyone to justice either
from the Solidarity movement or from the
saudi-led coalition the war in Yemen
erupted in March 2015
Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates are leading a western bike
coalition trying to restore the
internationally recognized government of
exiled Yemeni president Abdul Abu Mansur
Hadi who was forced out of the capital
Sanaa by Iranian backed Houthi fighters
it's the second report in 24 hours
criticizing the saudi-led coalition on
Monday Human Rights Watch claimed it had
failed to add
quickly investigate reports of human
rights abuses and too often whitewashed
the results all the governments named in
the 41 page report received an advance
copy the panel says it has compiled a
list of the names of people it believes
may be responsible for war crimes and
passed it on to the appropriate
authorities and there are those who hope
that this report will put pressure on
both sides as we approach un-sponsored
peace talks starting on September the
6th Alan Fisher al Jazeera Djibouti
