a physician turned cookie vendor on the
pan-american highway Niagara Cielo
lucena
and her husband Jose left their teenage
sons back in Venezuela they now make
less than $10 per day but that she says
is good that allows us to eat and send
the kids money only for them to eat the
little they can get we can't even buy
them a pair of shoes or a phone to talk
to them Maria Gracia and Jose settled in
tomba city 25 kilometers south of the
border many poor Venezuelans who
couldn't afford a journey to the capital
Lima sell candy or food to make ends
meet
despite dangers and restrictions
Venezuelans are pouring into Peru bus
stations are packed with passengers
heading south more than 400,000
Venezuelans are already living in the
country with the help of a
non-governmental organization 25 year
old Nancy Hymas found a small house
received basic kitchen tools and
mattresses nearly a miracle she says for
a family who ventured out on the road
penniless and hitchhiking truck drivers
picked us up fed us gave us money I sold
my phone and with all that bought
tickets for the bus to get here the way
Venezuelans can still come into the room
without a passport is by requesting for
asylum it will allow them to apply for a
work permit while they live in the
country and they can request a
humanitarian visa it's a policy that
first drew the Hymas family to be here
so hi miss says the ordeals taught him
the meaning of humbleness Minda you
learn to be humble after having thought
all your life about those beggars who
asked for a corn here and there to live
now you realize life is a Russian
Roulette because we've had to do the
same
however survival was at stake this is my
data semen I would like to tell the
world that I'm not here because I wanted
to migrate or because I wanted to take a
job away from anyone else I'm here
because my children had nothing to eat
in Venezuela was the only option they
say they hope one day this journey will
take them back home
Maryana Sanchez al-jazeera Thomas Peru
