the UN says military commanders in
Myanmar should be prosecuted for
genocide against the Rohingya following
their recent fact-finding mission on
Myanmar three investigators presented
their report in Geneva on Monday
included among the findings that
Myanmar's Armed Forces also known as the
top maddow took actions that in the
words of the UN investigators
undoubtedly amount to the gravest crimes
under international law the mission has
concluded that criminal investigation
and prosecution is warranted focusing on
the top tech Madore generals in relation
to the three categories of crimes under
international law genocide crimes
against humanity and war crimes after
attacks by row hinder gunman in Rakhine
State a year ago government forces began
a crackdown against the row Hanja the UN
says reports of up to 10,000 rojan J
killed are a conservative estimate
around three-quarters of a million of
the Muslim minority fled to neighboring
Bangladesh many live here in Kuta Palin
camp the largest refugee settlement in
the world
the report from UN investigators
includes accounts of numerous atrocities
including gang rape enslavement and the
killing of children through hinge who
are among the most persecuted minorities
in the world have faced decades of
persecution and sadly they've grown
accustomed to the international
community ignoring their plight reacting
to the investigators findings Roja new
rights activist chakuza says she's
cautiously optimistic but once action
it's been a year now since we fed
Rakhine so many international
organizations have come here but we
haven't seen any solutions all of us 300
women have been wondering how much time
we will have to live inside a refugee
camp that's one of the reasons so many
women went out to demonstrate on
Saturday those large protests show that
were Hinda are growing tired of waiting
for the world to act they mourned the
first year anniversary of the beginning
of the violence in Rakhine State or as
the rear-engine
traders called it genocide Remembrance
Day as chairman of the era Conroe hinge
society for peace and human rights
Mugi bulla has been working for months
to document crimes against the ro Hanja
he's not at all surprised by what the UN
fact-finding mission reported the
genocide against earth has been going on
systematically for 30 years and the
world didn't know now the UN
fact-finding mission has allowed the
world to know with their work so we're
hoping that this will be a lesson to the
world so no other countries go through
what we went through this is why we're
working for justice muy bola says the
raheem show will continue to demand
justice
even though justice isn't likely to be
delivered soon mohammed al jazeera at
the KU top along refugee camp in Cox's
Bazaar Bangladesh
