damming the river nile Ethiopia's Prime
Minister questions whether the largest
hydroelectric project in Africa will
ever see the light of day it's years
away from opening because of controversy
and construction delays and what about
water shortages feared and labor in
Egypt this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth puranam the grand
Renaissance dam being built in Ethiopia
is planned to be the largest
hydroelectric power plant in Africa but
the multi-billion dollar project bushy
Ethiopia says is vital for its future
economy its dogged by dispute and delays
Egypt and Sudan also rely on the River
Nile Egyptian farmers fear they'll have
less water to irrigate their fields
Ethiopian government leaders deny
they'll cause water shortages talks have
been deadlocked for months and leaders
have vowed to iron out their differences
peacefully
Egypt's foreign minister Sami shukri and
head of intelligence abbas kamil met
Ethiopia's Prime Minister Ali Ahmed on
Monday for the latest talks while
Ethiopian Prime Minister is warning to
the dam in his words may not see the
light of day and blames a company run by
the Ethiopian military for the delay
there's a problem in the management of
the project this is the case when it
comes to all huge projects being
executed here in Ethiopia the local
company who has taken the mission did
not have enough experience we had to do
reforms because the projects are not
being implemented according to the
schedule we have formed a committee to
look into the problem of the delay in
the Renaissance dam construction in
order to try to solve it well let's take
a closer look at the major construction
project work started seven years ago and
was expected to be completed last year
but only 60 percent has been built so
far Ethiopian taxpayers and bondholders
and not foreign investors are paying the
more than four billion dollar price tag
it's in the vast arid Bennish Engel
region on the border with Sudan around
900 kilometres northwest of the capital
at Assam Baba is planned to more than
double Ethiopia's power capacity
well let's now get the thoughts of our
guests joining us from Istanbul is
Timothy Cal das non-resident fellow at
timer focusing on political analysis in
Atlanta Johannes Gedda mu lecturer of
political science at Georgia Gwinnett
college in Lawrenceville and a Horn of
Africa specialist and here in Doha is
Harry Verhoeven he's a professor of
government at Georgetown University a
very warm welcome to all of you mr.
Varon let me start with you the prime
minister saying the dam may not see the
light of day as Africa's most ambitious
infrastructure project in serious
trouble
I'd actually don't think it is I mean
the Prime Minister has indeed used this
alarmist language both yesterday in his
first public press conference but also
about a month ago in a widely reported
on speech he gave to young people which
shocked the Ethiopian nation when
details were leaked and emerged
what has essentially happened is that
the grand Ethiopian racism has become
part of this power struggle that is
still gone going in Addis Ababa which
pits the Prime Minister and those who
support him against the number of other
factions of his party what the Prime
Minister is trying to do is trying to
essentially blame the delays in which
the dam is being confronted at the
moment on one particular wing of the
party and on the military which has been
seen to be backing this wing by
fingering metic which is a military
industrial conglomerate that has been
central to the construction of the dam
and in many ways he's dry for trying to
also warned Ethiopian public if indeed
the thousands of megawatts of power that
we have promised you and for which you
have sacrificed so much don't come
online immediately don't blame me but
blame my predecessors and blame the
factions that have essentially been
thwarting the progress now the issue
with this is not so much that it's that
it's wrong I mean it is true that metic
has been responsible for some of the
delays but is that this is act as an
explanation is incomplete I mean this is
a very complex project there lots of
actors who pay lots of responsibility
for thick fur for some of the delays and
things going wrong and the key thing as
I said to understand is that it's now
part of this internal power struggle and
and and that this is now bits and pieces
emerging to the to the outside world as
a serious problem mister get a move what
do you make of that as the project as
the damn in serious trouble or is Prime
Minister Ahmed
being a little bit alarmist here I think
what Prime Minister avi Armour is trying
to do is very much becoming you know
honest and very much upfront about a
development of this ground in very nice
hands down and not only just trying to
shift the blame towards his predecessors
but also at meeting some fault in the
government government's management of
not only this huge mega project but also
other mega projects when it comes to
sugar corporations in in all others
there is this huge scandalous corrupt
kind of ways of doing investing in this
mega projects and the public not only
has invested its money but also has
invested a lot emotionally yeah so when
now you know we have somehow this very
much open and democratic kind of
government taking power and the public
has now this rye has earned this right
to ask okay what's what's up with this
project is when are they going to be
finished and also just like the friend
just mentioned there was this clear
issue that a few months ago the prime
minister said that some of these mega
projects who are delayed have been used
just for political purposes some of them
were not actually going the way that
meet the government on the media was
reporting them six sixty percent
completed or 50 percent completed so him
he actually said that it made even not
be completed in 10 years if we are going
inside in such a way in such a slow
process so now the public that somehow
it could be misinterpretation of what he
was trying to say but the public started
to ask okay when's it going to be done
so he's now by saying that you know just
just speaking about it in the last few
days what he's trying to do is that to
restore public trust show and this
government project is and that not only
just blaming the other factions from his
predecessors but also now I am in
control
now I'm the Prime Minister now I have
this full responsibility of making sure
these projects are implemented so it
looks like that Prime Minister avi is
taking ownership of this all
responsibility mr. Calus let me bring
you in now because the project is of
course very important to Egypt as well
Egypt has been the main beneficiary of
the Nile River traditionally up until
now and you've had the Egyptian Foreign
Minister and intelligence chief in Addis
Ababa today on Monday meeting the prime
minister carrying a letter from
president Sisi what message will they be
delivering well I think that Egypt right
now has been trying to strike a more
productive and constructive tone in
terms of its its relations with Ethiopia
and it's expressing his concerns about
the dam we've seen that in the last year
or so and Egypt's priority is to make
the the progress move and in a fashion
that is least damaging to its access to
nile water which means filling the
reservoir behind the dam as slowly as
possible while the delays undoubtedly
are upsetting for Ethiopians and and
frustrating for them the one positive
that I would I would offer is that it
gives more time for negotiations to arm
seed and for a solution to be found
which is pretty important we've had a
lot of problems on that front in the
past several years Egypt was going
through a lot of transitions the
government's focus on foreign policy
wasn't there for a while and the dam
project was launched in that context and
so now we have the situation where
there's finally more attention being
paid to this and Egypt is trying to
speak with Ethiopian Sudan to find some
sort of arrangement that that can work
for everyone
and at the same time avoid damaging its
access to Nile water and its ability to
provide water to its people as well as
maintain its agriculture mr. Varon do
you think Prime Minister Ahmed comments
about the problems with the dam have
offered Egypt Egyptian mediators more
time to negotiate
justifications to re address some of
these issues that they have with the dam
has it been a gift to them perhaps a
gift is a strong word but it's certainly
true as the previous speaker rightly
rightly underlined and indeed it it
allows the negotiations a little bit
more time don't a sense it's also
unfortunate because these past couple of
years have been very good years actually
from a rainfall perspective and so
there's actually been higher than
average rainfall which could have very
usefully been been stored without any
effect whatsoever on Egyptian farmers
thereby reducing the the period it would
take to impound the reservoir so in a
sense yes okay it gives us a little bit
more time in spite of what Mother Nature
is is is doing it allows Egyptian
negotiators and Ethiopian negotiators to
to try to work out things but the
fundamental problem remains of course a
problem of trust it's not that these two
sides haven't been talking to each other
they've been talking to each other for
more than four then five years at a very
very high level heads of state level
heads of government heads of
intelligence foreign ministers technical
committees etc the problem fundamentally
is as I said one of one of trust were
not one of of technical details and
there the question is whether another 12
months or another six months or nine
months or whatever it may be can
actually allow us to to bridge that gap
in terms of trust and there
unfortunately I remain skeptical because
as much as this as a multilateral
solution and a solution between all
parties including Sudan and other
upstream countries is necessary I still
feel unfortunately it's quite unlikely
mr. Guerra Moo
how do you overcome that sort of lack of
trust in determining how the rivers
water at the rivers water is going to be
shared that's an excellent question as
la Vida I believe that what really
matters is this question of until when
this such negotiations will continue
right and for how long because this
project is ongoing the construction is
continuing of course there are certain
problems in data and side that may be
somehow a blessing in disguise for the
Egyptians but at the end of the day
things will can't come down and the
construction will comment and then the
feeling of the reservoir is just as you
just mentioned it becomes
you know central central focus and what
I think should happen is build interest
in making sure that dislike about 1999
we're in the countries about nine
countries including all the Upper Nile
drainage countries and including Egypt
in Sudan from the lower the lower level
drainage countries science that called
prolific framework agreement which was
then abandoned by Sudan and Egypt that
was all about developing this water
resource for the benefit of all the
region and just like that if the
Egyptians actually look at the the water
you know resources that Ethiopia has
they made us okay it happens the water
tower of Africa but why is it so
important for her to actually build this
done there is one thing that's very much
clear according to the thousand sixteen
walnut kaptara Egypt has hundred percent
coverage Egyptians have hundred percent
coverage of a little city
what about Ethiopia which is the second
most populous nation in the continent
which is about fifteen or so million
people more than Egypt only 43 percent
of ETA tents have access to late
electricity even that access is very
much limited because of interruptions
and so many other issues because of very
very undeveloped and weak grid structure
so what I think is that Egyptians must
actually claim that okay we are an Arab
and an Arab nation so we have this Arab
identity but also we have this African
identity so this should be mindful of
this African identity and the need to
work with others right to trust their
African brothers and sisters and make
sure that we are in this together we
also want you to actually benefit from
this that's what we want we want this
process to be transparent so I think
that what Prime Minister Abbey Ahamed is
trying to do is not only becoming very
much honest with the citizens and the
countries that he leads but also with
Egyptians with the Sudanese and the only
problem that I see with Egypt is that
the approach sometimes could be I
believe that motivated by some panic
we all know I think Al Jazeera has also
had also reported a man's also a tomb a
few months ago at the deployment of
troops in Eritrea but somehow that
evaporated because of the historic peace
accord between Ethiopia and Eritrea and
we all remember mr. Gaeta you have
you've raised a lot of interesting
points and I can see the other guests
wanting to come in on them mr. veer
Herman I am going to get to you in just
a moment but before I do mr. caldas I do
want to ask you what you're making of
what we're hearing from mr. Godot who
does Egypt need to be less panicked and
have a more sort of pan-african approach
to this damn and look at how it's going
to benefit the other countries of Africa
like Ethiopia that have that you know
suffer from constant power outages well
I don't think that Egypt should
necessarily be less panicked I mean it's
a very urgent matter for them the you
can I mean I don't mean to belittle the
the challenge is that Ethiopia faces
power is very important in the modern
world but you can live without
electricity you can't live without water
now it's absolutely essential for
partners of Ethiopia to support it in
developing its power capacity at the
same time the matter is quite urgent for
Egyptians that their water access not be
significantly disrupted or reduced and
any such disruption could be very
devastating for the population there so
it's understandable the level of concern
and the urgency with which the Egyptian
government looks at this question that
said relations with Africa could improve
dramatically there's a lot of a lot of
work that needs to be done there's a lot
of things that needs to be a lot of
relationships that need to be repaired
and strengthened the Egyptian government
seems to have started to realize this
recently and begin to take it more
seriously but that I mean it's still
very early and there's still a lot more
they could do so I don't I don't reject
that prop that problem at all I
acknowledge that that needs to happen
but I as much as they they should care
for other nations every nation
ultimately looks for its own interests
and the access to water question is is
is paramount and vital for for Egypt and
it's never going to cease to be one of
his most urgent national concerns and
interests mr. veer heav and I noticed
you wanted to get an earlier what would
you like to say just two things the
first thing is that I think that it's
very important when we when we talk
about about Egypt is about who's Egypt
because of course the central question
of the nile waters in egypt is is is a
distributional question the way in which
agriculture in egypt is structured is
essentially is that you have a huge
sector are very poor farmers who are
barely able to make ends meet and on the
other hand you have these very very big
kind of agro industrial concerns often
with ties to the military insecurity who
are actually at the moment getting the
bulk of the water and so the key thing
for for egypt is is not just to stick to
this national security question this
question of oh now we have to choose
between you know either giving a if the
opieop our or giving egypt water but
it's actually taking a long and hard
look at the way in which as i said water
is allocated inside egypt which was at
the moment very deeply unfair and is
actually a much greater impediment to
the development of the country and the
improving of its international standing
and anything that ethiopia has been
doing that's the second thing i want to
say that's i think important because
there was briefly referenced by your
highness to this is this idea of
potentially a regional war of egypt and
Eritrea and Ethiopia etcetera the key
point to point out is is this you know
alarmist discourses about impending
water wars or impending conflicts are
not only factually incorrect I mean
underground there was actually very
little proof for any deployment of
Egyptian forces on the Eritrean border
or anywhere else but is once again as I
said that they distract us from the real
substance and they're really difficult
technical details of what an agreement
between the different partners could
look like so this is why it's important
that both the leadership in a December
but also the leadership's in Khartoum
and Cairo come to the negotiating table
stop trying to spin this as either a
national security issue or an issue of a
foreign aggression in which we're about
to be invaded and actually look at that
the really important questions of
sustainability
in an age of climate change and in AIDS
of huge indebtedness of all of these
countries huge fiscal problems so that
they can actually address the real
concerns of their people that's that I
think is it's what's vitally important
and all the other things we really have
to to push aside and stop the spinning
because it's it's not helping anyone in
the region itself mr. Gaeta what do you
make of that are we any closer to to
that kind of an agreement that we just
have not been able to reach in years I
think there is a huge potential for you
know reaching an agreement for all the
certainty three parties Sudanese
Egyptians and Ethiopians because what we
have what we have now is a very much you
know close to completion we can say
about 60% of the commodities believed to
be complete that's number one number two
the Sudanese actually considered this
this project a blessing because it
actually limited the amount of water
flow that it should be very much
damaging so the only part the only party
in this that's not very much happy is
Egyptians and that's very much
understandable it's like both of friends
here side it's very much understand
because it's water it is a matter of
existence for Egypt we all understand
that but at the same time there is
always a way to move forward
and that's basically by understanding
what is the interest of the others sure
and not only just comparing the interest
of the other countries with yours but
also respecting this interest and one
thing that I can actually say is that we
all remember in the Mohamed you see
Mohamed Mursi era that's openly
televised discussion I think that was by
mistake that actually you know led to
some Egyptian opposition leaders in
government of shots suggesting bombing
and other military actions this is one
fact the only solid solution for this
problem right if we call it a problem is
that very much diplomatic and coming
around the table and sometimes right
compromising and one thing is also very
much sure of course the media and the
planet is we all can talk about
the possibility of water war but there
is one very much natural reason that
will not let you know such an issue to
be from becoming very much a challenge
because it's European owns or at least
85% of nain waters comes from Ethiopia
and if there is a country that would
like to attack this this country
actually owns 85% of the water right you
could wash and avast itself yes it does
originate an oath Ethiopia but the
ownership is not so black and white I
want to go to mr. Caldas it is there was
a new era it's a new prime minister in
Ethiopia are you hopeful about that mr.
Khaled us and that we can possibly see
an agreement between Egypt and Ethiopia
because of the new leadership in
Ethiopia I think that the tone of the
conversation has improved in the last
year and with the arrival of the new
prime minister there has been a
constructive tone to the talks that have
taken place that said we haven't seen
anything concrete come of those talks as
of yet and so it's hard to be too
optimistic because ultimately there's
also a question of interest and leverage
right the egyptians don't really have
much leverage in this conversation they
have requests that the Ethiopians can
either accommodate and compromise on or
not but the leverage available to the
Egyptians to pressure them is pretty
limited and that's been part of the
challenge that we've seen over the last
several years there's no denying that
there's an I just want to touch on this
issue of spin III think I reject that
term pretty strongly in terms of what
I've been saying it's not spin to say
that this is an urgent matter about
Egypt's agriculture and access to water
it's certainly true that Egypt could use
this water more efficiently is certainly
true that different people benefit from
that water it's a different extents and
that and that in general the economy of
Egypt is not exactly equal and by any by
any measure but but that doesn't take
away from the the national concern
of access to water and the importance of
this issue to Egyptians of all types and
from all walks of life so I think that
it's it's incorrect to go so far as to
call it spin to raise the national
interest when it comes to this issue all
right mr. caldez we don't have a very
long left in the program I'd like to ask
a very brief question to all of you mr.
Verhoeven I'll go with you first do you
think that the dam will be completed and
world.the you know common interests
prevail over the competition for water
well I think the dam will certainly be
completed the real question is even on
what kind of terms I mean the dam itself
it's worth it's worth reminding us of
this was explicitly built for regional
integration this dam is not built for
production for the Ethiopian market
explicitly built for the very tricity to
be export to Sudan to South Sudan to
Egypt maybe to our trailer maybe even
further afield
so Ethiopia itself has a major stake not
only in making sure that the transition
agreements about about the impounding
period aren't clear but so but very very
importantly as well that the the price
of the electricity at which it's sold is
in the interest of everybody it is
affordable to everybody so in that sense
I think that the SCC Opia will will will
reach out and all right a compromise
thank you very much I say yes or no
answer from mr. Gaeta moot and mr.
caldas mr. Gaeta move what do you think
no doubt I have no doubts all right this
project will be completed because it's
now that's I mean a huge responsibility
for the Shoreham Minister I came this is
that has to deliver that all right mr.
Cowell does the last word to you here
yeah I have no reason to doubt that it
will eventually be completed okay thank
you all very much for your time that is
Emma C Cal das in Istanbul Johannes
get'em in Georgia and Harry Vera van
right here in Doha and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our web site
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page that's
Facebook or calm for word /aj inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle is at AJ inside
story from me Elizabeth puranam and the
whole team here
bye for now
you
