an ominous message from the year 1616
the inscription reads when you see this
weep the boulders have reappeared in the
river Elbe which flows through the Czech
Republic the Czechs called them the
hunger stones and the drying River has
revealed dozens of them before New York
what occurs in recent years some of them
have been appearing every year that
since 2015 when we'd had the dry
conditions that we've had recently some
scientists are linking one of the
hottest summers in Europe and an
extraordinary heat wave to climate
change but the hunger stones are also
reminders that drought isn't a new
phenomenon the German government is
promising to compensate thousands of
drought-hit farmers other farmers in
Belgium Britain France the Netherlands
Hungary and Poland are all having their
fruit and vegetable production affected
with prices expected to rise guns really
as big as Iran regarding our vegetation
we've had a very difficult year severe
conditions below average harvests in a
lot of regions and failed harvests and
to describe the situation best we use
this word given the fact that crop yield
this year is 50 60 70 percent lower
Beyond continental Europe record
temperatures have also been recorded in
both North and South America as well as
the Middle East and drought in Australia
means farmers are struggling to keep
their cattle alive what our challenges
is to ensure that until it comes back
that we do everything we can to ensure
that these families that these
communities that these towns get from
now until then
a recent study concluded that 21st
century droughts are the most extreme
and severe with global average
temperatures expected to rise by two
degrees or more by the end of the
century some fear there's worse to come
Osama bin Javed al Jazeera
