for why alone and chore so this was
supposed to be the day they walked free
they were hoping they would be acquitted
of charges they violated Myanmar's state
secrets Act instead they left the court
in Yangon still in custody after the
verdict was delayed today they decided
to postpone the verdict we don't know
the exact reason behind it but
apparently it is due to the judges
medical condition no matter what the
circumstances are we are not going to be
scared the justice is on our side since
we did nothing wrong no matter what the
circumstances we are not going to be
scared nothing can shake us the pair
were arrested in Yangon in December last
year as they were investigating a
massacre of Rohingya in Rakhine States
by security forces the prosecution
alleges they were in possession of
secret documents that could threaten
national security but the reporters say
they were handed the papers by police
moments before they were arrested
testimony that was backed up by a
policeman
Myanmar's leader Aung San su Chi once a
champion of free speech in human rights
has been largely silent on the case
lawyers for the journalists speculate
there may be political reasons for the
delay it came just before the release of
a report into the rainy crisis by the
United Nations Human Rights Council and
a briefing by the UN Security Council
whatever the reason while lone inch or
so who will be spending another week in
jail awaiting what they hope will be an
acquittal but Monday's events proved
that Myanmar's judiciary is often
unpredictable Wayne hey al Jazeera
Bangkok
