when he was just five Yudhisthira and
aru began playing badminton out on the
pavement in front of his apartment in
Central Jakarta even if I am sick I will
play badminton it makes me feel better I
want to be the best badminton player of
everyone from the streets to elite clubs
in delusions from all backgrounds are
playing badminton and have been for
decades badminton is so widely popular
in Indonesia it was once called the
village sport that's because every
village had a court now it's based
competition from other sports over the
years like football but the nation
continues to produce some of the top
players in the world part of what made
the sport grow so rapidly the
shuttlecocks are cheap and the courts
are easy to set up amongst elaborate
salon so over time some of the courts
were converted for festal a small hard
court version of football but badminton
is still on the minds of people here
because this sport is considered as
something Indonesia can be proud of and
two players the country is very proud of
the world's number one ranked doubles
team Marcus Gideon and kevin tsukumo yo
it's very important to indonesia because
it's so popular and the athletes are
gold medalists my father is a badminton
trainer so he always asked me to play
the sport since I was very little I
started training when I was 8 Indian
badminton champion PV Sindhu is the
seventh highest earning female athlete
in the world
she recognizes the overwhelming support
for badminton in Indonesia
I think anisha's been brilliant I can
say because every time I come to
Indonesia for the fatahna means I think
there's gonna be huge crowd the stadium
is gonna be like fully packed
Yudhisthira has his sights set to one
day play in the Asian Games and it would
appear that he was born in the right
country to help his chances of that
dream becoming reality
Scott hilar al Jazeera Jakarta
