outraged protests and calls for reform
as Pope Francis visits Ireland he's
under pressure to take action against
the widespread sex abuse by priests
how will he address the scandal and what
will it mean for the future of the Roman
Catholic Church this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Teddy navigator the Roman Catholic
Church is the largest and one of the
oldest religious institutions in the
world but it's facing some of its
biggest scandals and criticism in recent
history Pope Francis who leads the
world's 1.3 billion Catholics is under
pressure to strongly act against child
abuse by priests on the cover-up by
church officials that often follows
well the issue has overshadowed his
two-day trip to Ireland the first papal
visit in nearly 40 years we'll bring in
our guests in a moment but first Nev
Barker sets up our discussion from
Dublin there are mixed and deeply
emotional feelings about Pope Francis's
visit here to Ireland for the faithful
it is a time of joyful celebration in a
country where more than 70 percent of
people identify themselves as being
Catholic although in increasingly
secular Ireland the number of people
actually practicing their faith and
going to church on a regular basis is
significantly lower less than 40 percent
even ahead of Pope Francis's visit here
to Ireland sexual abuse allegations in
the United States were growing and
spiraling and sexual abuse here in
Ireland by members of the Catholic
Church also cast a long shadow over
Irish history Pope Francis wasted no
time in using his opening address here
in Ireland in Dublin Castle to address
abuse head-on describing the abuse as
despicable crimes he's perhaps gone
further than any predecessor in the
Catholic Church in addressing abuse but
many survivors feel that he hasn't gone
far enough and explaining what concrete
steps the Catholic Church can take in
bringing the guilty to account many
survivors want the Vatican to open its
files and share with the world and law
enforcement agencies exactly what the
Catholic Church knows about historical
abuse allegations in the church by
members of the clergy Pope Francis also
took the time to meet with eight victims
they shared a letter with him detailing
the account of a hundred thousand Irish
women single mothers who were separated
from their children told that if they
get in touch with
children that it would be a sin they
were instead sent to work houses known
as Magdalene laundries where they were
subject to all forms of abuse both
mental and physical
Pope Francis knows that there is an open
wound here in Irish society but can the
pontiff help heal that wound leave
Parker for inside story let's take a
closer look at the Roman Catholic Church
and the scandals it's faced molestation
by priests was rarely discussed in
public but it started to surface in the
1980s particularly in the US and Canada
over a decade later the issue expanded
to other countries in 1995 the
Archbishop of Vienna stepped down amid
sexual abuse allegations and earlier
this month a grand jury in the u.s.
named more than 300 clergy in a report
that found more than a thousand children
were abused in Pennsylvania over 70
years in Australia Archbishop Phillip
Wilson resigned last month after being
convicted of concealing child sex abuse
by another priest and in Chile all 34
Roman Catholic Bishops offered to resign
in May in the wake of a child sex
scandal and cover-up let's now go to our
guest joining us in Dublin is
Christopher Lam he's the Rome
correspondent for the tablet weekly
review in London Michael Walsh a vatican
historian and editor of the Oxford
Dictionary of popes and in chernivtsi
ukraine joining us via skype is donna ha
obba coin he's the director of research
at the school of law and government at
Dublin City University thank you very
much for joining us on al-jazeera Donna
ha so we see the Pope now in Ireland
he's begged for forgiveness for clerical
child sex abuse and says he wishes to
see justice served for the thousands of
abuse survivors that he go far enough in
acknowledging the church's role in their
suffering or did he fall short well what
I've read so far of the reaction from
victims of abuse members of the Catholic
Church he didn't go far enough because
these words are unfortunately very
familiarity stage what people are
looking for is you know accountability
and and not just simply apologies I'm
not even sure that he went so far as to
make an apology he simply acknowledged
this you know that there were crimes
committed and he shared in the shame
that many members of the Catholic Church
felt but I think that you know this
isn't good enough anymore and the you
know I think it's very interesting to
kind of compare this papal visit to the
previous one which I'm old enough to
remember of pope john paul ii in 1979
when there was I think genuine affection
and enthusiasm for the visit and
certainly Ireland was a very different
place then you know abortion was illegal
homosexuality was a prime contraception
was indeed illegal and censorship was
right and now you look at the Pope
coming here in 2018 and you see that
it's a very different Ireland Indians
greeters by a prime minister who is
himself gay he meets the Minister for
children who is is a lesbian abortion
was legalized by popular referendum
earlier this year it's a radically
different Ireland but the Catholic
Church at least the foreign to many
people in Iran hasn't changed as
fundamentally and I think that's why
this is a very different visit from from
that of 40 years ago but that's a very
different target Michael Walsh your take
on what the Pope had to say is it all
rhetoric well I mean people have gone
round about it had not just been Pope
but other both before we've gone on
apologizing those who have been abused
don't feel it's enough what they want is
action and what that action might be is
difficult to say they of course one of
the people who was somebody called Mary
Collins was they was a member of the
Pope's Commission and she complained
about in in the Vatican about dealing
with these cases of abuse and she
complained that there was too much that
the Vatican officials got in the way the
Vatican bureaucracy got in the way of
them doing their work had she resigned
clearly the Pope needs to strengthen
that Commission and to make sure that it
is seen to be operating having Chris
lamb could probably say much more about
the Vatican than I can but clearly the
Pope is in a bit of a dilemma because
his
the holes drift of his pontificate has
been actually to devolve power from the
papacy down to the bishops and in this
case of course in many cases at least
it's the bishops who are to her to blame
Christopher lamb you're covering the
story from Ireland itself so the Pope
did use the word crimes to refer to the
incidence of child sexual abuse he
called them a repellent as well but he
also said that he pledged a greater
commitment to eliminating this scourge
in the church at whatever cost and I'm
quoting him here but did he offer any
concrete detail about how he plans to
eliminate the scourge dominating I'm
standing here in lemon in Phoenix Park
and there are 500,000 people behind me
braved terrible weather conditions to
come here and I think I think despite
the problems that the Pope is faced on
this visit there has been on the ground
pretty positive well
to him and of course I agree all the
news about this huge problems and
challenges he's got to deal
first of all with accountability of
Bishop she's gotta find mechanisms by
which the church can examine allegations
made against senior clergy not just when
it comes to the use of children but also
misconduct by senior figures to be sure
to get seminarians or priests he has met
with abuse survivors when it's been here
it's been an hour and a half of them
last night it's not just sexual abused
by priests is also the institution
abused by the mother may be home soon
option centers this is also showing it's
that the new chapter is going to emerge
the relationship between the church
institutional basket and Ireland that's
something of the t-shirt Leah vodka
called for in his speech which was the
same diplomatic be worded when there was
a very strong message that Ireland has
changed and that they want a
relationship with the church but not the
one they had in the past with the
Catholic Church was far too dominant so
just to follow up on that point
Christopher what kind of relationship
then are they looking for well first of
all the Catholic Church of the 19th
century the Victorian Catholic Church in
Ireland where by bishops were
effectively running the country the
church was running the state's that has
got to end I mean Leah veranke
that the t-shirt said in his speech
yesterday that it wasn't till 25 years
after the founding of the Irish state
department of health and welfare was set
up by the Irish state so the church
basically you'd be running the country
model of the church the imperial
powerful church has got to go and
they've got to be a new relationship
with the church is there to serve an
accident that Pope Francis has
underlined repeatedly their eyes
pontificate that the church is not there
to protect the institution at all cause
when the church is also there to serve
and to live out the message of the
gospel the institution has to come
second to the gospel so in the Irish
terms it means reconnecting with the
early church of San Patrick rather than
the Church of the of the bishops in the
nineteenth century
Dominic ah he is seen as a reformer will
he be able to reform these issues when
it comes to clerical child sex abuse or
is he going to face resistance well I'm
not sure you know he's seen as a
reformer certainly he's not seen by
everybody's reformer these predecessors
to delight and still not quite clear to
me why he was jettisoned I think it was
very much a rebranding effort and as I
said the words are still the same but we
haven't seen the actions and indeed
there's been report after report not
just in Ireland but throughout the world
to see them well a very simple it would
be a start if they simply acknowledged
not only the scale of the cover-up but
acknowledged it legally it started
paying the victims the money that is due
to them so in Ireland for example there
that the state has been picking up the
tab for all of this abuse and the church
even the modest amount that they agreed
to pay they haven't actually delivered
upon and how can you you know say that
you're you know sorry for the crime but
you don't you know you know hold up to
it in a fundamental sense by paying the
victims and indeed I think that we still
treat the church with a degree of
deference which we wouldn't if was any
other organization and we demanded all
their organisation of the world that
didn't have this kind of cloak of being
something special because it was
religious was involved in the scale of
criminality the the type of heinous
crimes that were committed in in so many
countries around the world
indeed up until the last decade our
president this was only revealed at the
last week er she was being asked by
senior Vatican officials to indemnify
the Catholic Church of Ireland from the
financial repercussions of their crimes
so you know we would treat this
organization as a criminal organization
but you know we said we're supposed to
you know treat it as something different
we're supposed to welcome it addy this
visitors cost I think something in the
region of 32 million euro which again I
think the taxpayer is picking up the tab
for so it's to me I found the whole
thing profound li unwelcome and I think
I'm not alone in that in Ireland I mean
what we want to see I think is a
separation of church and state what a
complete separation of church and state
and we don't have that as long as for
example 96 percent of our schools I'm
speaking as an educationalist here
though at the university level 96
percent of our primary schools are still
controlled by religious orders now I
think considering the type of care if
you can call it that beating out the
children over the decades is completely
unacceptable and it's unacceptable in
the modern republic in any sense Michael
Walsh I see you wanting to join or go
ahead yeah well I mean the church set
these two schools up in the first place
not the state I mean I quite agree that
as in the United Kingdom they stayed
ought to be funding these churches and
taking my weight not taking away from
the religious orders but the religious
orders have a part to play in education
who and always happens still continue to
do so but I mean I've just had to go
back to something Chris lamb said he
said that and picking up on what your
last speaker said to that he said that
this was a 19th century Church in fact
of course as your last because implied
this this situation of the church
dominant being dominant in Irish society
went on till very recently it was
written into the Irish Constitution when
Ireland became an independent state that
a public land became an independent
state as for the Pope not being a
reformer well I think that well Chris
could answer that rather better than I
but it's it's not the perception I think
that was inside the church and there's a
lot of given the amount of hostility
that he's aroused from the Conservatives
within the Catholic Church it's pretty
evident that they revile regard him as a
reformer
Christopher Lam let me ask you about an
issue that you've been tweeting about in
fact that we there are reports that a
former Vatican official has called on
the Pope himself
to resign saying that he knows about
allegations of sex abuse by a prominent
US Cardinal for five years before
accepting his resignation and that
happened last month and that Cardinal is
a Theodore McCarrick
what do you know about the story and if
true how significant is this well the
very serious allegations from the
archbishop thickened areas of former
masking a pastor in Washington he was
released at dossier this morning
alleging that he told or claiming he
told Pope Francis about the sexual
misconduct of Cardinal McCarrick wish we
should be clear though that in the
dossier there is not an allegation that
Theodore McCarrick
abused children now Theodore McCarrick
has been credibly accused of using
children and has been removed as a
cardinal but he's now an archbishop of
course thank you for correcting me but
the point about this dossier as it comes
time to think the maximum damage in
Francis not wishing bigger no is part of
an anti Francis faction within the Roman
Curia and he is seeking to discredit
Francis now that doesn't mean we
shouldn't take the allegation seriously
if it is true that the Pope knew about
the behavior of mckarrick and did
nothing that is a big problem for Pope
Francis however we have to see the
context and the fine detail here the
other thing then the archbishop of
chipping and I was saying about
mckarrick is the benedict xvi put him
under sanctions
these popped into being a public
ministry for many years anyone in rome
Meharry was traveling all over the world
scheduled there were no sanctions
effectively in place over him so there
are a number of problems with the
testimony there Archbishop Niger now has
put forward having said that the Pope
needs to look at what is being said and
there needs to be some sort of response
Michael Walsh how big a problem are
these allegations for the Pope well
they're a very big very big issue
clearly because as as Chris said the the
the person who's making them Bonanno
used to be the Vatican's ambassador in
Washington and therefore people not see
as they call them and therefore you'd
expect him to know and know these things
I think the one of the reforms that the
Pope could make relatively easily I
would have thought was to change the way
in which the which bishops are appointed
by bringing in a greater variety of
people to make to decide upon them as a
Congregation for bishops is made up of
bishops the Pope goes on and on about
radicalism well here's clericalism writ
large that they the bishops appoint
bishops are they in fact it would be a
good idea if we had when they're
appointing a bishop in in Ireland or in
the United States or the United Kingdom
or in the Ukraine if they had their lay
people from these particularly women
from these countries taking part in
these decision-making donna how do you
agree with that well again I have to
professor bu your your other guests
obviously are much more familiar with
the intimacy's of the Catholic Church
than I I'm speaking as somebody who was
a citizen Department was not a member of
a religious order and as I said I think
that's the majority people in Ireland
today and it's really how the church I
mean whatever internal rankings are
going in with the church between
reformers and zealots is is something
that really doesn't concern
non-religious be but what I can think
concerns non-religious people is how it
interacts with the state and I think
what what really profoundly upset people
was was that the church treated itself
as a special institution which its own
internal laws were somehow superior to
the states I mean one thing that you get
from all these reports that have been
conducted and and not just is this
inability to interact with state
authorities indeed the police when
criminology
was being undertaken that there was a
certain rulebook almost an
institutionalized rulebook where you
know first you you didn't acknowledge
that there was any problem and then when
there was a problem that emerge you
simply transferred Peter files to other
places to other parishes that they could
commit other crimes the reputation of
the church was considered to be the most
important aspect be the victims were in
the lowest in the hierarchy and that's
not just me saying that that's the
actual you know conclusions of the
reports that have been conducted into
the Catholic Church in Ireland and I
think that as I said going back to to
the money to the control of of Education
and things like that there hasn't been I
think enough science of genuine
contrition to use a word that's often
used in the Catholic Church we've heard
words but we haven't seen actions and I
think again I'm coming back to this
point that you know it's about
separation of church and state and I
think that there's there's an increasing
body of opinion in Ireland today I think
that the Pope has been made aware of
this
during his visit which are are unwilling
to accept this kind of differential
arrangement to the church and indeed as
I said there's no reason Christopher
lambs and Christopher land how strong is
this idea of separation of church and
state in Ireland right now take its role
within the country and the dominant
force really needs to get a grip on
the global nature scandal and that Rome
needs to lead with some initiatives and
proposals as a strong argument that
wanted to select specific department to
handle clerical sexual abuse
safeguarding to offer protocols to
enforce things with as far as they can
from from the center most child
protection experts don't tell me that
there is a need for centralization on
this issue that goes against some of the
Pope Francis's talked about in terms of
decentralization that are giving more
power to local churches but the point is
Rome has to get a grip office of this
issue and it's not it's not going where
you could never turn the turn this issue
off which is the question of the heat
being modified because it's such a
terrible scandal and I think the Pope
does understand the problem I think he
also has the tools to deal with it
because this is all about the question
of whether you protect the institution
in favor of your core message and Pope
Francis's invoke who has repeatedly said
that it's the core message of the gospel
with all values of Christianity how the
church will live or die not protection
of the institution of course he is
battling with people who think pretty
much the opposite I mean when he talked
about the need to get rid of clericalism
that is the concentration of power in
the church and months of small elites
many people criticized him there are
many people in the church who think that
the abuse problem is about homosexual
priests gay priests but if you read the
church of gay priests the abuse problem
will go away
Michael Walsh how will the Pope be able
to guide how will the Pope be able to
guide the church in the face of these
damaging cases and damaging the
allegations well I would puzzled by this
compass that this talk of separation of
church and state I mean there is
separation of church and state in
Ireland in the United Kingdom in France
into the you know all the Catholic
countries as far as I'm aware now have a
clear-cut distinction between the church
and the state of course the fact is that
the bishops are still free to express
their opinions and encourage the laity -
to devote as for instance as in the
recent referendum in Ireland on
contraception to vote in a particular
way that have risen in a sense is a
reflection on the bishop tis not on the
on the actual status of the Catholic
Church the Pope as chris says wants to
devolve power to the local bishops but
it is a question of the who who we
choose to be bishops or who they the
church chooses or a bishops that's why I
said that we need a better and more
transparent process in Rome and that's
something that's certainly within the
Pope's power to bring about all right on
that note so we'll leave it there thanks
to all our guests Christopher Lam
Michael Walsh and Don aha of a coin
thanks for joining us thank you for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our websites
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
you can go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from myself and the whole team here in
doha good bye for now
you
