this is a protest half a century in the
making the message is the same one heard
on these streets outside the Democratic
National Convention in 1968 stop the
wars and also the police violence and
particularly in Chicago it is a peaceful
tribute to the protests that erupted
when the whole world was watching in the
months before the August convention
fifty years ago the quiescent streets of
Chicago and the u.s. are ready to
explode following a series of shocking
events January 30th North Vietnam's
devastating Tet Offensive stuns US
troops and the American public March
31st President Lyndon Johnson embattled
and unpopular says he won't run for
re-election
April 4th a white gunman assassinates
Martin Luther King jr. setting a match
to a national tinderbox in Chicago and
across the u.s. race riots looting and
arson following Chicago's mayor issues a
shoot to kill order June 6th
Robert F Kennedy also is assassinated
from all corners of America 10,000
disillusioned young protesters converge
on Chicago and 20,000 police army and
National Guard truth
the confrontations inside the convention
are amplified outside
it ends in a hail of billy clubs
in Tier dance police have a major
confrontation in the street in front of
the Hilton they are using excessive
amounts of force mace teargas it's it's
a really ugly scene and it's all
captured on television Mayor Richard J
Daly's reputation and Chicago's torched
West Side never fully recovered the
organizers want to rekindle the spirit
of 68 when a counterculture led by
America's youth forces the government to
listen we a lot of them had illusions in
the Democratic Party and those were
crushed with Richard J Daly's billy
clubs in the streets of Chicago when
people were not only massively socially
engaged but also rejected both parties
then our movements made the kind of
gains that we've rarely seen in history
how do we get back to that moment when
Afghan if the answer he says will come
not from politicians but from the
streets John Henry al-jazeera Chicago
