the Pope's visit to Ireland at this
moment of crisis and the Catholic Church
was always going to set the global
agenda on how the Vatican tackles its
legacy of child sex abuse and Pope
Francis didn't waste any time number so
Kerry Connelly I cannot fail to
acknowledge the grave scandal caused in
Ireland by the abuse of young people by
members of the church charged with the
responsibility for their protection and
education the failure of ecclesiastical
authorities to adequately address these
repugnant crimes has rightly given rise
to outrage
I myself shared these sentiments
Ireland's Prime Minister has been at the
helm of social reforms in the country
including the recent popular vote to
legalize abortion long prohibited by the
Catholic Church he said it was time to
build a new relationship between church
and state people kept in dark corners
behind closed doors cries for help that
went unheard and these wounds are still
open and there is much to be done
to bring about justice and truth and
healing for the victims and survivors
Holy Father we ask that you use your
office and influence to ensure that this
is done here in Ireland and also around
the world in this saga of widespread
abuse of children by members of the
Catholic Church protests were inevitable
these people looking for action not
words from the Vatican I do get the
feeling though that's
trois will not be returns within the
Catholic population from simply what
Pope Francis will say to the calf of
population he needs to make clear that
actions are going to be put in place on
what whose actions are going to be alone
in silent prayer the leader of 1.2
billion Catholics later in the day away
from the cameras he meant eight Irish
survivors of religious and institutional
abuse for 90 minutes likely the most
emotional moment of his 36-hour visit
for all involved Pope Francis has gone
further than any Pope and acknowledging
the church's wrongs but as new
allegations of abuse continue to surface
the biggest challenge to the church in
Ireland is the church itself Pope
Francis is in Ireland and arguably one
of the darkest moments in the church's
modern history but can Pope Francis
universally respected as a true reformer
reinvigorate faith in what the Catholic
Church stands for
thousands of the faithful pack Croke
Park Stadium to hear Pope Francis speak
his visit is a moment of joy for many
believers in Ireland a country where
more than 70% of the population identify
as Catholic but as the country embraces
secular values Irish society regardless
of faith wants to hold the church to
account for past wrongs Nev Barker
al-jazeera Dublin
