it was promoted as a masterpiece said
the Saudi crown prince's vision the
plans to sell shares and the state-owned
oil giant Aramco have been postponed so
where does this leave Saudi Arabia's
efforts to raise money and diversify its
economy this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Rochelle Carey Saudi Arabia has
reportedly delayed its plans Tillis
shares have a state-owned oil company
Aramco on the stock market media reports
say the initial public offering has been
postponed indefinitely but the Saudi
government has disputed this the Energy
Minister Collett Offaly says the
government is committed to conducting
the IPO at the appropriate circumstances
and time the plan to float around 5% of
Aramco was expected to be the world's
largest stock sale and it lies at the
heart of Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman vision to transform the economy
but the government has faced widespread
criticism for its crackdown on dissent
and its military campaign and Yemen so
why is Aramco important it was set up
more than 85 years ago and has since
become the largest oil and gas company
in the world and manages the kingdom's
large oil reserves of over 300 billion
barrels its average daily crude
production is 10.2 million barrels a day
but there's no clear data on how much
the company is worth some analysts say
it could be valued at 1.2 trillion
dollars significantly lower than the
official figure of two trillion dollars
as we have mentioned Aramco was at the
center of the crown prince's reforms
well to be implemented by 2030 the
vision aims to diversify the Saudi
economy and make it less dependent on
oil it includes building the world's
largest sovereign wealth fund and a five
hundred billion dollar economic City
called the ohm but in a move that was
widely criticized last year the Saudi
Crown Prince arrested dozens of senior
members of the royal family government
ministers and businessmen and what he
said was an anti-corruption Drive most
were released after giving up their
assets or paying billions of dollars the
crown prince has also pledged to return
Saudi Arabia to what he calls a moderate
Islam women have been allowed to drive
and attend sporting events and an almost
40-year ban on cinemas and cultural
events has ended let's bring in our
panel here in Doha mezuzot Jiri director
of the Gulf Study Centre at Qatar
University in Washington DC Muhammad
Shah Cowie
festro conflict resolution at George
Mason University had in Singapore
joining us on skype James Dorsey he's a
senior fellow at the S Rajaratnam School
of International Studies at Nanyang
Technological University a welcome to
all of you thank you for joining me I'm
actually gonna start with the first
question with all of you and I'll go to
you first
Mizzou are you surprised by this delay
to be honest I'm not surprised of the
decision was being now reported about
the change of the plan about Aramco and
I would like actually to put all of this
into real context we have to remember
that the whole issue of Aramco is coming
in a wide perspective which is a
political context which started with the
emerging or after the death of King
Abdullah and the emerging of King Salman
from the day one of that you know era it
was clear that Mohammed bin Salman is it
will be the next king after his father
and since that time there was focus on
two main issues one is you know the that
the need the debate about political
reform need to be stopped and need to be
redirected and to be redirected to nee
you need to create to bring or to
present or to suggest a new topic for
the debate and that was the politico
nama Cree forum and the core of the
economic reform was the Aramco story and
the another details which came which
which basically emerge after that story
so I think there is nothing to be
surprised about if we remember that this
is and you know the whole issue is about
marking their era King Salman and
Mohammed bin Salman of their that there
is something important they are doing in
the country under the main titles
political economic reform to lead and
and to consider that there their era an
important era comparing with the
previous Kings okay
absolutely we're going to dig into some
of the reasons you touched on on some of
them Muhammad are you surprised that
this has been delayed indefinitely no
I'm not
and I think what has happened so far in
deciding the fate of the Aramco IPO is a
short like short picture if you like or
a token of asking the big question to
what extent it reflects the dilemma of
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and I
think there is a difference between high
expectations and the know so positive
reality and I think back in 2016 when he
announced this deal he was building his
momentum to become future king and
therefore now the momentum is weighing
in a way he and others in Riyadh
expected to generate at least 100
billion dollars of the 5% share of the
company however - the best scenario
best-case scenario analysts are
predicting no more than you know between
50 and 75 billion dollars so I think
there is a mismatch between what Hammond
Sandman for seems for his reform plan
and his 2030 vision and the real
assessment of world markets in terms of
approaching or kind of keeping distance
from this IPO and I think there is also
the political uncertainty and most of
the Voronoi day they kind of the
adventurer's decided by momentum either
in in Yemen in Lebanon also visibly Iran
have also shadowed this and have added
to this uncertainty that certain global
investors are now taken making a second
reflection on whether to go forward
toward this i po offer or sort of buy or
should we should also add that the
fluctuation of the oil market and now
the search for alternative energy is not
on the side of the Aramco at the present
time
okay well we'll come back to some of
those issues but James I suspect I know
your answer to whether or not you're
surprised because Mohammed actually used
a word that you have written about you
said he meaning Mohammed bin Salman has
been very good at creating expectations
but not as good at managing expectations
do you think that's appropriate
appropriate description for how this is
all played out indeed we've known for a
considerable period of time that the IPO
at very best would be delayed and may
not ever happen the problem with all of
this is that Mohammed bin Salman has
indeed been very good at creating
expectations but if you look at the last
several month multiple incidents whether
it's the arrest of human rights
activists whether it's the various
incidents in Yemen with the killing of
the deaths of children and women and
other civilians or the spat with Canada
Mohammed bin Salman and the Saudis have
been reactive they've been behind the
cart in front instead of in front of the
cart so with other words if you're clear
that this IPO is not going to happen
within the timeframe that you initially
had announced then you're going to be
strongest if you're upfront with
managing the publicity and the the
expectations in terms of the delay and
what's going to happen Mohammed's a
month in Somali the Saudis have not been
able to do that and measure you
mentioned this a little bit do you think
that this is more of a financial and
economic failing or is this a political
failing or or the two intertwined when
you're talking about Saudi Arabia
actually it is both because Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman wanted to enter his
his era of being a king with the
successes in hand and that means
basically he wanted as my colleagues
were mentioning he presented an amazing
expectation and he was aiming or hoping
maybe hoping that some of this
expectation will be achieved while he's
in our Prince crown a prince and then
while after that would be becomes a
prayer king they you know he will have
some achievements in hand
as we see the situation the whole thing
is coming to from the gate of political
change I mean they wanted the political
change that political change has two
main pillars one is the decisive storm
in Yemen which we saw the consequences
of that and how much is cos t and we
show the other pillar which is basically
the economic changes inside Saudi Arabia
let's remember the two main pillars is
being decided
top-down basically these are not a
decision which rely on a popular demands
of course there was some anger against
Iran in Yemen
maybe people they wanted economic reform
but I'm not sure they wanted these
things as we as were presented by the
monarch in Saudi Arabia so basically
what we see what what we are seeing so
far is some you know decision were made
in a political economic context assuming
those will bring some changes or some
achievements those will help Crown
Prince I'm not sure that all of this
actually you know have brought any kind
of change or a serious change actually
with the criticism that the kingdom is
facing from a human rights organization
and from even the United States about
what's happening in Saudi Arabia these
kind of achievements apparently are
disappearing and we are witnessing
another dilemma that the kingdom is
facing and I think the decision made in
few day last few days is adding more you
know chaotic situation to the situation
which ought which already was chaotic so
I think yeah okay first I want to bring
Bahamut into this conversation so when
you want to launch an IPO you're you're
you are inviting the world into your
home into your books into a level of
scrutiny that Saudi Arabia has never
really faced or had to answer to anyone
for do you think that they are prepared
for that Mohammed well it depends on
when we ask this question I remember
back in 2016 early 2017 there was an
influx of financiers and CEOs coming
from all over the world to Riyadh and
some
them a to wait for two to three days to
meet the representatives of Aramco so to
me that was the attacks or the highest
level of this IPO that has created a lot
of vibration in world markets but now I
don't think that many CEOs would go Tory
ad searching for that meeting or the
discussion I would like also to add that
if we consider this kind of yes-or-no
question to whether there will be an
Aramco IPO it reflects badly on the
political economy of Saudi Arabia under
Mohammed bin Salman and let me also add
another fact that that is now kind of
hindering the momentum which is Hamad
bin Salman was good at articulating what
they call symbolic politics a lot of
symbolism a lot of predictions a lot of
expectations however when it comes to
the delivery of these promises it seems
that he cannot achieve much let alone
that the next 12 months between now and
2030 are not going to keep the same
vibration or the same strength that he
hoped for therefore I think it's a
matter of bad management and also not
been aware that the global markets can
have a different assessment in other
words the difference between and inside
out expectation and an outside-in
assessment of what Aramco can deliver or
cannot so James do you think that what
Muhammad ascribing is Mohammed bin
Salman leadership style being is it
naive is it hubris what how would you
describe it well I think it's not
thought through let me just say a couple
of things which in response to what was
just said by both speakers if Maktoob is
gonna allow me I want to just find him
what he said Mohammed bin Salman is
about economic and social change in
Saudi Arabia not about political change
and he's about geopolitical change in
the region I think one of the problems
with the approach and
Mohammed in the sense pointed that out
Mohammed bin Salman is that there's a
difference between financiers bankers
fund managers willing to come in and
people who are direct foreign direct
investors we've seen very little of the
latter and much of what Mohammed bin
Salman wants to achieve depends not only
on funding but also on foreign direct
investment the third point I'd like to
make is that while we're talking about a
delay of the idea of an IPO an IPO is
not the only alternative or only option
available to Mohammed bin Salman there
is also the option of a private equity
sale for example to the Chinese now that
would in many ways be easier it would
not give Saudi Arabia the publicity and
everything that goes with an IPO but it
would give it the funding and a lot less
questions would be asked or at least
those questions would be asked in
private rather than in public James I'm
gonna follow up on that do you think
that that's something that you could see
Muhammad bin Salman in the royal family
actually really considering another
option besides this IPO or is there or
do they have to say face
well the option of a knight of a private
equity sale particularly to the Chinese
has been touted for a significant period
of time and the Chinese have actually
hinted that they may be interested in
that so I think it isn't a real option
and in many ways that is a way to save
face because what it is is selling a
stake in the company whether you do that
publicly or privately in in that sense
doesn't really matter um
Mizzou what role did the US and Donald
Trump perhaps inadvertently play in and
causing these challenges these road
bumps and what I mean by that Donald
Trump obviously was excited about the
IPO he tweeted about it eccentric cetera
but he's also put pressure on Saudi
Arabia to pump more oil that means
cheaper crude oil prices
lowers the evaluation of the company it
was there a connection there you know we
may say there is a connection between
what what was happening Saudi Arabia in
the last two three years and especially
after Trump came to power and I think
the connection was made between the
Saudi Arabia and the American
administration may indicate that there
is a relation between all of that but
what I do agree with you that that the
contradiction the contradiction within
the American foreign policy to were
Saudi Arabia is itself becoming a
problematic to the Saudis because
basically they want to bliss the
Americans but they cannot have the out
the the revenue they expect and with the
pressure on them to you know to sell
more and taking into consideration the
prices is down as well and pleasing the
US on a couple of different fronts
because there's the there's a financial
front there's the oil front there's
economics and then there's also the
human rights issues that with what's
happening and Yemen civilians being
bombed it seems that that's coming more
and more to the forefront do you think
that as this war in Yemen continues to
drag on there continues to be a public
outcry about the the alleged war crimes
that are happening there are the
civilians that are getting killed is
that type of thing make launching an IPO
and being so public more difficult for
Saudi Arabia I think the cost of the
Yemen war which whether is financially
or politically is becoming a real burn
on the shoulders of Saudis and I think
day by day this become problematic to
their policy and to their even domestic
politics of course we see sort level of
hypocrisy on American foreign policy
towards what happened in Yemen because
they know we know that Americans are
involved in a way or other on that war
whether on salads logistic selling
weapons weapons providing information
regardless what is that but they are
involved the level of involvement we
can't discuss it whether 10 percent 20
percent 50 percent but there is
involvement and they can they can you
know someone they can't ask them what is
about this level of involvement in that
war if you are honest about the
criticism of Saudi Arabia and the
killing for the killing of Yemenis
civilian civilians so I think there is a
real cost the Saudis are paying King
Salman and his son because of this war
and I think it is increasing rapidly I
mean we see now the increasing criticism
about what happened in Yemen but also we
see I think internally I would argue
that one of the reasons behind the the
changing of decision about Aramco is the
war on Yemen because let's let's
remember the Saudis want to control
their own oil because this is the own
resource of revenue if they want to sell
the shares of Aramco regardless the
percentage this means they will have
another hands in that cake and they
don't want anyone to to be partner on
that cake they want okay to have it for
themselves and they don't want anyone to
upset them or to annoy them how to spend
money
oh yeah okay Mohammed let me ask you
this so vision the vision 2030 there's
there valid critiques of it obviously
but if at the core of it is wanting to
diversify your economy and not so be be
so dependent on oil that's that's a
laudable cause other countries have had
that same goal but it's it's never that
easy what is the biggest challenge why
is this always so difficult for
countries to do to accomplish well first
there is merit in pushing for a economic
reform in the next 12 years but the
question is how Saudi Arabia will
proceed in implementing these reforms
apparently there is this idea of
diversification of sectors and also
moving toward technology so they would
like to have Silicon Valley you know in
its own territory but the question is
that now I think that if Aramco hypo
cannot be put in a market while the oil
prices are above 70 dollars three years
ago oil price was just 35 so I'm
wondering when it can
from the I poo and whether it is a solid
you know investment in global markets so
I'm left with the ironic question that
probably we are just creating dreams
also the other challenge with in Saudi
Arabia is this a Intel in a kind of
inter sector or cross-section reform or
is just a top-down reform where you have
certain companies that are seeking or
benefiting from this diversification
while the bottom I know now the
unemployment rate stands at twelve point
nine percent which is quite high and
this is three years after the
announcement of the 2030 vision so I
think that there are certain
contradictions between what we plan what
we publicize in front of cameras and
whether we can push them toward full
implementation let alone that it is also
it seems to me that there is this
dilemma of micromanagement you have
Hamad bin Salman and his friends who are
trying to control the whole economic
reform and this is not kind of a well
thought or plan to move forward
therefore if micromanagement doesn't
help then when Saudi Arabia will open up
to other approaches so in other words is
there a real business model within the
2030 vision James were gonna have the
last question here you cuz you brought
up a great point that social and
political change or not nests are not
really the same thing can Saudi Arabia
launch a successful IPO without having
some sort of significant political
change I think we've got to be clear on
what makes an IPO successful in this
case there were two issues one are the
economic issues including the valuation
of the company which Mohammed bin Salman
put a two trillion dollars and which has
been long questioned and that
questioning of the of the evaluation
predates the pressure from President
Trump to with regard to the oil prices
the second level of of consideration is
the confidence you have in Mohammedan
some funds ability to basically
implement reform and vision 2030 and
what you've seen and that's where the
Yemen war comes in it's not a direct
bearing on the IPO as such but what
you've seen over the last several month
is a an inability to manage confidence
and to manage expectations and so the
appetite to invest if you're not certain
that the reforms are going to go through
and that this is going to that bomb has
been slow among can be a leader in the
process then that undermines the chances
of the IPO and that's I think what we're
seeing which actually goes to Muhammad's
point to that it's about sustaining at
the moment and in the enthusiasm and
that the longer this goes on perhaps the
more that enthusiasms I think the way to
look at this is this Mohammed bin Salman
was brilliant in creating expectations
when he launched vision 2030 when he
lifted the ban on women's driving when
he introduced an entertainment
industries he was brilliant in could be
having the high ground when he visited
the United States in Europe and was able
to dominate the media with his message
and what we're seeing right now is
exactly the opposite and that works
against him and against the Saudi
chances of succeeding of this alright
James that will be the final word thank
you all for joining me that I appreciate
it Massoud so Harry Mohammed sure Kali
and James Dorsey and thank you for
watching you can see the program again
any time if you go to our web site
aljazeera.com you can also go to our
Facebook page
it's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can join the
conversation on Twitter at AJ inside
story from me Rachelle carrying the
entire team bye for now
you
