clean ball him well garnish Canaria is
Pakistan's most successful spin bowler
in Test cricket he played over 60 Test
matches and took nearly 300 wickets for
his country but in 2012 his career came
to a sudden end he was banned for life
by the England and Wales Cricket Board
for his role in a match fixing scandal
Canaria denied the charges but now in an
exclusive interview with Al Jazeera's
investigative unit he's finally
confessed his guilt my name is Donna
Scalia and I admit that I was guilty of
the two charges brought against me by
the England and Wales Cricket Board in
2012 Canaria was found guilty of
encouraging a teammate at Essex County
Cricket Club to underperform during a
match in 2009 and with bringing the game
into disrepute for six years Canaria has
protested his innocence two appeals were
rejected following a recent al-jazeera
investigation into match-fixing Canaria
decided to come clean I have become
social strong enough to make this
decision because you cannot live a life
with life Canaria says the imminent
death of his father made it difficult
for him to admit his guilt at the time
but his health was getting worse and
worse than was and I didn't had that
courage to to face him and to tell him
that I was wrong so he was a very very
proud guy very very proud of me what I
did representing Pakistan representing
my country Canaria introduced Merv in
Westfield an essex teammate to an
infamous Indian match fixer in a
nightclub
he says Westfield aspired to the
affluent life of an international
cricketer but Marvin used to tell me
that he wants to become a respected er I
was highly paid in Essex County and I
was that an international player at that
time
and I was living a life and very lavish
life so he also wanted to make money the
match fixer a new part saw an
opportunity I think so he was targeted
by a new bird and I think he fell into
that temptation Westfield was jailed for
four months and banned from cricket for
five years for accepting around eight
thousand dollars he admitted agreeing to
make it easy for opposition batsman to
score runs when he was bowling I want to
apologize to Bob in Westfield but as 16
mates mike essex cricket club my essex
wicked fans i say sorry to pakistan
being an international cricketer and a
senior cricketer i should have taken an
one step higher of telling moving that
this guy is suspicious
I want to apologise to my father who's
been always been a role model for me and
I always have his photo with me the
former international a member of the
Hindu minority in Pakistan first met a
new bird on a cricket tour in 2005 on
the western digital my assistant manager
introduced me to a nobody else because
he was a Hindu and he was a very much
cricket fan when we were in India - and
over there 2008 it was I think over
there
i knowbut invited whole team for the
dinner so me and my wife and other
cricketers went to his house for the
dinner Canaria expressed remorse for
failing to report the match fixer
despite being warned about him by an
anti-corruption officer from the
International Cricket Council when came
to Pakistan and told Sarah better than
me that feels suspicious guide and is
involved in doing fixing I regret very
much I didn't complain to the higher
authorities like English cricket board
or ICC units I didn't inform them or I
didn't told them that this guy is over
here the band has had a devastating
effect on canary as life
I was the highest wicket taker or
Pakistan at that time also I was
achieving good money I lost my French
respect which I used to get from the
ticketing and and everything I lost
everything
he's now pleading with crickets
governing bodies to lift his ban and in
return he pledged to help young players
I want to ask people forgiveness and I
hope that did they will forgive me and
give me a second chance in my life I
want to teach young people young cricket
and there are people who will do
temptation to you but you have to be
strong go to a right direction rather
going to a shortcut and making money in
a shortcut it will end them where I am
and today
