hello I'm housing seeker this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week crippled by its
currency crisis Venezuela's economy is
in freefall how did it get to this also
we talked Tesla and asked when the
fledgling car maker might start
delivering on expectations plus as
Greece emerges from years of bailouts we
look at how austerity has affected the
nation well used to be one of the
richest countries in the world but now
oil-rich Venezuela is suffering from
runaway inflation and it's national
currency has become almost useless
President Nicolas Maduro is blaming all
of this on what he says is an economic
war against his country
the turmoil has seen millions flee
Venezuela's economic hardships for
neighboring countries the International
Monetary Fund predicts inflation will
continue to rise by up to 1 million
percent this year to put that into
perspective Venezuelans are now paying
about 2 million bolivars for a cup of
coffee in order to tackle the problem
the government has introduced a new
currency the sovereign bolivar which
will remove 5 zeros from banknotes it's
linked to a cryptocurrency called the
petro that's pegged to the price of oil
the government is also raising the
minimum wage by three thousand percent
and faced with a squeeze on the
country's cash reserves president Maduro
wants Venezuelans to pay more for what
is currently the world's cheapest gas
our Latin America Editor Lucia Newman
right now has more on this from Caracas
Venezuelan government supporters try to
rev up enthusiasm for newly introduced
economic measures described by President
Nicolas Maduro
as an economic revolution to defeat
hyperinflation yet conspicuously absent
from a rally in front of the
presidential palace was Maduro himself
who hasn't made a public appearance
since an apparent assassination attempt
on August the 4th
if the right wing crosses our path we'll
run over them like a train nothing will
stop our reforms just blocks away many
shops and markets remained closed some
adhering to an opposition called for a
national strike others unsure how much
to charge now the five zeros have been
slashed off the currency ahead of a
compulsory thirty four hundred percent
increase in the minimum wage they go
into effect September 1st like the price
hikes aren't waiting two hours ago these
eggs cost 1500 and when I came back with
the cash they were two thousand the bus
company that takes Venezuelans to the
border remains shut until further notice
and that's not all the web page to
recharge mobile phones for the moment is
not operational one of the few things
that has not changed price are these
bananas they are now costing five of the
new Bolivares or five hundred thousand
of the old ones which is roughly the
same if you take away five zeros but
according to the people selling them by
next week they'll probably go up 300%
the government blames a crisis that's
brought unprecedented hunger and illness
on what it calls a domestic and
international economic war but many
economists warn the new measures will
only make things worse
novels you know they're implementing
fiscal measures to increase revenue
while refusing any type of international
financing or aid so they'll keep
printing out money and we'll see that
hyperinflation will not stop and amid
the uncertainty neither it seems will
the exodus of Venezuelans desperate to
find relief anywhere they can you see a
Newman for counting the cost Caracas
let's speak now to Carlos Cardenas he is
the head of Latin America country risk
with IHS market in London thanks very
much for being with us so I think it's
worth first of all just taking a step
back here for a moment and asking how
did Venezuela get to this point such a
an oil-rich country had how do they get
so poor well I mean it has been a
combination of factors as you mentioned
as an all-economy and the decline in oil
prices had an effect but in reality it
has also been accompanied by
indiscriminate public spending via the
printing of currency the implementations
of draconian price and exchange controls
that will never relaxed a policy of
expropriations many of the expropriated
companies ended up being mismanaged and
bankrupt and all of this compounded yeah
by economic mismanagement and and
widespread corruption and how have you
as sanctions affected Venezuela's
economy is there any way of measuring
that is there is there a number at all
that we can put on that the key issue
about the US sanctions is that they have
operated in two ways one they have
targeted top individuals of a government
elite in an effort to promote regime
change the Venezuelan authorities have
obviously denied it or or Bennett gangs
that the other one and and the most
critical in terms of the economy is that
the sanctions prevent Venezuela from
restructuring its debt when Israel
currently it's in a position of
technical default because of the deplete
depletion of the foreign exchange
reserves it doesn't have the ability to
honor any payments to bondholders or to
any company that operates in Venezuela
but it also is not able to restructure
that debt in the US financial system
regardless of the sanctions that the key
issue here and and the key connection to
the economic policies that were recently
implemented is that the authorities are
still also unable to present a credible
economic package or a program that would
take out the economy out of the current
crisis now so that in combination with
u.s. sanctions make the economic and
political situation more and more
difficult by credible I assume you're
talking as well about this new currency
that they're introducing as well is that
going to do anything to address the
current economic problems no our view is
that actually the the situation is going
to get more difficult in terms of year
economic and political environment and
we're going to continue into the
intensification of the hyperinflation
that we have at the moment the currency
expect to a cryptocurrency that hasn't
been really properly implemented and and
we're also any type of investor is
prohibited or participated in that
because of the US sanctions but at the
same time in order to prevent any type
of social unrest the government will
have to continue printing currency it
has multiplied the minimum wage with
more than 60 times it has promised
bonuses for people to contain them and
even though they have announced that
fuel subsidies will be relaxed the
reality is that they have also said that
those that hold the fatherland ID which
is a special ID card that it's given to
the poorest of the population would
still receive that subsidy no so overall
it will have a very little impact and
the critical point here is that oil
production continues to decline
international reserves are not enough to
cover any type of imports and the
government is unable to restructure its
debt and obtain more financing Carlos
Cardenas good to speak with you thank
you
now it's been a busy week for Donald
Trump who has been pushing ahead with
his America first agenda negotiations
with China over trade tariffs failed to
reach an agreement the US president
imposed new sanctions against Russia and
his Rao with Turkey over tariffs sees no
signs of abating will she have returns
he looks deeper now at how the Trump
administration is using its financial
muscle to go after those it thinks are
adversaries the Trump administration has
been setting new records with its
imposition of sanctions on foreign
entities though it is continuing a trend
we saw under Barack Obama what is
different is the imposition of economic
tariffs this administration overtly
views the dollar as a weapon and the
globalized economy as a battleground the
numbers have been climbing prior to
Donald Trump's presidency but according
to the US Treasury sanctions were
imposed on close to 1,000 entities
individuals in 2017 a new record
negative and this year analysts predict
the administration will surpass that
number potentially adding more than
1,400 entities to the list of those
sanctioned he's the president who came
into office without much government
experience of any we're very limited in
the way of sort of relationships with a
couple of people on the hill or the
broader executive branch and what
sanctions lets him do is execute foreign
policy effectively on his own it is
unclear sometimes whether the US has a
grand strategy when it imposes sanctions
is Washington trying to change the
behavior of those that deems as working
against US national interests or simply
punishing them without any opportunity
for redemption and does anyone really
believe that Russia will forsake Crimea
for example as a result of sanctions
what exactly is the u.s. trying to
achieve in the rush to project u.s.
power such questions sometimes remain
unanswered
at least with the Trump administration's
imposition of economic tariffs they
would seem to be a goal President Trump
says other countries are exploiting the
US economically and that needs to end
and that is why we are going to stick
together and win for our farmers and our
factory workers our steel workers here
we are all across this nation the
imposition of tariffs began in January
with restrictions imposed on solar
panels and washing machines the Trump
administration said it hopes to boost
domestic manufacturing since then China
has borne the brunt tariffs have been
imposed on thirty four billion dollars
worth of Chinese imports they went into
effect July the 6th and tariffs on an
additional 16 billion dollars of goods
they went into effect August 23rd in
addition 25 percent tariffs on steel and
10 percent on aluminum imports have
shocked allies such as Canada Mexico
Japan and the EU Turkey's tariffs have
meanwhile been doubled to 50 percent on
steel and 20% on aluminium
yet here too there is confusion in
imposing the steel and aluminium tariffs
Donald Trump invoked national security
yet his administration is using those
tariffs as bargaining chips in trade
negotiations how does that square with
keeping America safe there has long
in international grumbling at the
centrality of the US dollar and
financial system to the global economy
and it is likely that the frequent
deployment of both as weapons often with
little recourse for those affected will
heighten those complaints in the future
she a burton c al jazeera washington all
right still to come on counting the cost
we look at why eight years of bailouts
for Greece have led to a brain drain now
electric carmaker Tesla has a value of
between sixty and seventy billion
dollars it's been trading as a public
company for eight years but it has never
made an annual profit Elon Musk's vision
of integrating clean energy with
transport and home power some might say
is the perfect marriage but it's Tesla
on the cusp of profitability or is this
a bubble or joining us now from London
is Irish masu Deanna she is the
corporate finance and deals editor at
the Financial Times in London thanks
very much for being with us so first off
what is the latest that you're hearing
on the company possibly going private
obviously mr. musk has been tweeting
about this and then it's caused quite a
ripple in in the financial community but
what exactly is going on well so I think
we should probably start at the
beginning which was a story that I broke
with the Financial Times that the Saudi
sovereign wealth fund had secretly kind
of quietly built a about a 4.5 4.6
percent stake in Tesla we broke that
story roughly two weeks ago and it
sparked a chain of events which has led
us to where we are now thirty minutes
after our story broke Elon Musk took to
Twitter and said he was considering
taking Tesla private at a 20% premium or
so to where the stock was trading saying
he had the quote-unquote funding secured
and that basically Unleashed this chain
of events which is roughly as far as I
can tell unprecedented in terms of
corporate finance and and takeover
battles in history where a CEO takes the
social media and amplifies another
organization story and basically uses it
to really change the narrative around
this company so where we are at the end
of these two weeks is really not
further than when we started because
musk may have taken some actions which
violated SEC policy Securities and
Exchange Commission policies which have
sparked a series of investigations into
his actions and as a result also left
him scrambling to put together this plan
and make it look like there was actually
more meat than there was on the boat and
so at the moment banks are all running
around trying to figure out whether they
want to even work with him on this
because it's such a wild wild idea and
proposal and seem seemingly unrealistic
and at the same time not wanting to miss
out on potentially the largest leveraged
buyout in history and on the
all-important question of profitability
which he which we mentioned at the top
there when do you think it might turn a
profit I mean there's no indication that
Tesla will turn a profit any time soon
it's burning cash at a phenomenal rate
it can barely produce a couple thousand
cars a year it can't keep up with demand
from consumers and so there's no sign of
profitability in the foreseeable future
and then you hear Reed constant stories
about problems with the cars problems
with deliveries it's sort of endless
stream of negative news but what keeps
this company going and what keeps the
belief of investors there is the sort of
cultish icon of Elon Musk where he can
captivate the market and to seeing his
vision and he just dreams big we're in a
world where you know as one person wrote
Silicon Valley entrepreneurs are
creating these really micro startups
that really have no real no real
direction but will create sort of very
profitable companies for their
enterprise and some sort of back office
software well you know must doesn't do
that Elon Musk sets up sets visionary
ideas out and says I'm gonna change the
way transportation works I'm gonna
change the way energy works and then he
lays out these really attractive
narratives which obviously in a world
where there's a bunch of small ideas we
all want big ideas and so that can
captivate the market and investors who
are willing to back an entrepreneur but
the the facts in the details when you
dig into them present a much murkier
picture and that's why so many people
have bet against Tesla's stock it's the
most bet it one of the most bet against
stocks in the US market and there's a
lot of people who expect this company to
come crashing down and a bet a lot of
money against him yeah well that gets my
next question then is this really
sustainable I mean if you talk there a
lot about the negative side of this that
the money they're spending there's
problems with supply lines and all is
this a bubble that's gonna burst
well I mean it's it's sort of the Tesla
story as part of our story of where we
are in the world right now there's so
many different bubbles that were in
we're in a real-estate bubble were in a
technology bubble and Tesla sort of in
caps and cap slates one of these bubbles
now the way that they can get through
this is if they actually just focus on
building cars and delivering and meeting
their demand and that is clearly the
best way to run this company if he can
meet the thousands of supply orders that
he's already registered and could
deliver those cars to consumers
then you can see if a foreseeable run
rate for Tesla to survive but this is a
company that produces a fraction of what
Ford GM etc.etc produced on an annual
basis and yet has a higher market value
and at some point reality will catch up
if must can't deliver
why would Elan musk want to bring the
company into into private hands like
what would be his motivation for that
well again that that feeds into one of
the themes of our time which is that the
markets are extremely short-term
oriented right investors want returns
they want profits if you think about all
the activist investors who are squeezing
pennies out of companies and torturing
CEOs for for more capital returned a
more aggressive action that we're sort
of in this rampant environment where
hedge funds and and portfolio managers
are demanding maximum amounts of stuff
from big companies and oftentimes is
very hard to deliver and you couple that
with someone with the ego of Elon Musk
which must be among the top top five
biggest in the business world based on
his behavior on Twitter that's only
rational calculation one can make you
can see how that would be deeply
offensive to someone and you can see
through his actions that it's almost a
personal vendetta that he wants to burn
the short sellers and prove them wrong
and so this this has created an
incredible distraction around him his
company in himself where he's not
focusing on the execution so I think
part of his argument is if I can get
this company private then I don't have
to deal with these massive distractions
and I can focus on doing that problem is
that it's it's really cute to want that
but also you relied on the public
markets to get to where you are you
didn't magically become a 60 billion
dollar company without having sold
things to our investors and sold things
to the public and so to then say
actually the public be damned is a bit
of a hypocrisy in its own sense so
there's a lot of lot of questions here
that are still remain unanswered one
other major topic that is
is relevant here as the corporate
governance around Tesla the board
includes his brother a his it's
quote-unquote lead independent director
is someone who's been named in court
filings as his close friend this is
basically a mockery to corporate
governance the Tesla Board and therefore
that's another big issue that's under
examination now how can a US company
have such a captured board that is close
to the CEO and the board is very much on
trial right now so the last two weeks
have really been a story about the board
and the special committee of the board
desperately fighting to maintain some
semblance of independence so they don't
get sued to death what would the
implications be for Tesla shareholders
if there's a private buyout both
institutional and individual
shareholders took us through what's
involved for them there well so in a
traditional sense if you don't want to
take a public company private the
easiest way to do that is a quote
unquote leveraged buyout where you take
a slice of equity and a bunch of
borrowings you saddle the company up you
offer a premium to the share price and
then everyone gets the premium and sells
our shares and then you take the company
private with your new ownership team
unfortunately that only works when you
have a cash flow positive company
because creditors don't want to lend you
money if you're burning through money
and you have no capacity to pay back the
money
so to basically launch the world's
biggest leveraged buyout in history is
impossible here and therefore none of
the world's major banks will participate
in such a plan because Tesla doesn't
have the capacity to repay its debts
it's burning through cash as we've
established so then you have to find
another way and so the idea that they're
discussing this quote-unquote going dark
philosophy where a small group of
shareholders will buy out other
shareholders and take the company
private with minimal equity checks which
is why everyone got excited about the
way musk spun the Saudi line that we
broke but unfortunately my reporting
suggests that the Saudis have no
intention of sort of funding an extra
you know five ten fifteen billion
dollars to take the company private and
if they had discussions it was very very
informal and not of the nature and
development that musk might have
suggested through his tweets and his
subsequent communications to the market
just to pick up on the on the Saudi
connection why why would the Saudis want
to define as Tesla's exit from from the
stock market them well what's in it for
them well no discussion about Saudi
Arabia can take place these days without
discussion of the Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman the story of garius 32 year
old who
leaving the country trying to transform
its economy and the vehicle through
which he's doing that and to take the
company's reliance off of oil is the
Saudi sovereign wealth fund which is
called the public investment fund it has
about 250 billion dollars in assets he
wants to grow it to 400 billion over by
2020 he wants 25 percent of those assets
to be in overseas holdings and that's
why and he's clearly a guy who was
attracted by people who have big ideas
who are trying to really change
industries that's why they went and
invested 3.5 billion dollars in uber
that's why they gave forty five billion
dollars to Japan's Softbank and
Masayoshi Son to have this incredibly
large tech investment fund which
everyone has stuff been talking about
for the last two years it's why he's put
a billion dollars in Virgin Galactic
with Richard Branson it's why he's put
up to twenty billion dollars with Steve
Schwarzman and Blackstone
and this is very much in line with those
bets a big entrepreneur trying to change
an industry potentially even a hedge to
Saudi Arabia's oil based economy and by
investing in electric cars and with Elon
Musk and the way I reported the story
was to say that when Mohammed bin Salman
went to the u.s. in March in April of
this year he in Tesla soon after US he
in the Saudi sovereign wealth fund soon
after approached Tesla and said we'd be
interested in buying new newly issued
shares to both help support your company
but also we'd like to be an investor and
musk for whatever reason did not accept
that offer and so the Saudis with the
help of JP Morgan Chase built the stake
in the Tesla stock in the subsequent
weeks and months and it was private
until I broke the story Irish Masoud II
good to speak with you
thanks a Greece is celebrating the end
of eight years of bailouts it's avoided
bankruptcy since 2010 through three
hundred billion dollars of loans from
the International Monetary Fund and the
European Union but alongside the
punishing austerity policies Greece has
had to abide by there was also a human
cost john psaropoulos takes a look at
how changes in society have affected the
country's youth Prime Minister Alexis
tsipras may have been trying to cast
himself in the role of a hero when he
chose Ithaca to send a message to the
Greeks that their economic Odyssey is
over this is the island home as hero
Odysseus finally returned home - after
20 years of war and adventure
they'll either selling this Samara today
a new day has dawned for our country a
historic day the bailouts of austerity
recession and a social desert are
finally over our country regains the
right to shape its own future and
fortunes like any normal European
country without external duress
blackmail or sacrifices by our people
for this group of young people the news
comes too late the economic crisis
struck at the beginning of their teens
and changed their lives
urug Oceano is studying political
science but what he really wants to do
is 3d animation there's no market for
that here so he'll go abroad
my parents had invested everything in
government bonds we lost everything it
had a huge effect on our psychology and
it immediately changed how we lived it
was as though you had flipped a switch
stefanos gonna toss is studying
molecular biology the Greek genetics
market is shrinking as people have fewer
children so he plans to end up in the
United States or Canada and Luciano's
Gomez has a job waiting for him upon
graduation at a UK company you know what
is mine Eva give me my parents are
divorced the moment I realized there was
a crisis was when I'd watch my mother
counting out money to pay utility bills
I thought I have to finish school and
find a job quickly so I can help my
family I have two smaller siblings and
they need a chance to grow up to all
three would prefer to stay in Greece
they just don't think this economy will
produce the jobs they want nor do they
believe Greece's political elite can
create that economy at least half a
million young educated Greeks have
emigrated over the past decade in search
of better jobs and that brain drain is
likely to continue Greece is forecast to
grow by only about two percent a year
for the next five years but over the
same period
it's obliged to spend at least three and
a half percent of its economy per year
repaying debt so its gains will be
swallowed by its commitments the markets
Greece will now depend upon for its
borrowing are looking for signs of
stability that includes keeping up debt
payments but not everyone believes it
can Jurgis stefanos and Luciano's all
studied the Odyssey in school they're
well aware that Odysseus was the sole
survivor of his homecoming
Perdition all his men perished weathered
syphilis has done enough to ensure
Greece's survival as well as his own
political survival remains in the lap of
the gods and that is our show for this
week remember you can get in touch with
us by tweeting meet at TASM seeker and
use the hashtag a JCTC when you do or
drop us an email counting the cost at al
jazeera dotnet is our address and as
always there's more for you online at Al
Jazeera comm slash CTC that'll take you
straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on so
that's it for this edition of counting
the cost I'm handsome seeker from the
whole team here thanks for joining us
the news on al Jazeera is next
