this is the man many Ugandan had been
wanting to see for view wine a popular
musician and member of Parliament's
appeared as a military court in the
north and town of good-looking weak and
in pain he had been in military
cassadee's since last Wednesday
he was arrested following violence in
local election campaigns in the north
after president you're wearing seven his
motorcade was attacked the state
withdrew the military related charges of
possession of firearms and ammunition
you are set free unless being held on
her charges it was an emotional moment
for wine but he was not really free was
immediately taken to a magistrate's
court where he was charged with treason
and thereby heat and smashing the rail
windscreen in Kampala the government
deployed police and soldiers in some
parts of the city that I've seen as hot
spots including where we are right now
who are trying to prevent people from
gathering or trying to get to the town
centre security forces also blocked
several opposition politicians from
leaving their homes
he's a passage an opposition leader who
has been arrested and detained often
over the years was again taken by police
he had earlier talked to the media
talking often people cannot be cutting
off forty million people so people
wherever they are they must be able to
do what they can with what they have the
magistrate in Gulu ordered that wine get
urgent medical care and that doctors be
allowed and hindered access to him he
will remain in custody until the end of
the month when he appears in court with
32 others also charged with treason
all the while he supporters in Gulu
cheered him on saying the won't relent
and tell history Catherine saw a
al-jazeera Campana
