hundreds of people have died more than a
million have fled their homes but how
natural was careless disaster the
quantity of rain was unprecedented two
and a half times the normal figure for
August so far but environmentalists say
properly managed its land and rivers
would have absorbed it and channeled it
to the sea over development in flood
plains they say is to blame left right
and center we are reclaiming paddy
fields and wetlands for other uses so
that is another major thing which
aggravated the situation otherwise our
floodplains in the form of paddy fields
and wetlands could have taken
accommodate in most of this water the
floods were made worse say
environmentalists buy quantities of
plastic rubbish clogging rivers stopping
them flowing fast and freely instead the
rivers burst their thanks but even with
those issues the floods say some could
have been avoided aside from the long
term impact of environmental
mismanagement and pollution there is
another way that some here are seeing
this as a man-made disaster they are
blaming those who managed the dams and
reservoirs Kerala has 53 large
reservoirs with a collective capacity of
nearly seven trillion liters of water
they are managed primarily for hydro
electricity production and irrigation
for farmers many operators are reluctant
to let the water go when it's not needed
so they were near capacity before the
worst of the rain fell when it did the
water had to be suddenly released to
stop dam walls breaking people think
infrastructure is a security against
flood but most of the flood waters did
not come from the rain they come from
the release of the dams never happened
before if we know too much rain is
coming dams should be releasing waters
gently and not impounding the last drop
and then flooding people's out of their
homes it's likely no one factor cause
careless loving but human activity and
inactivity seemed to have made it worse
and retinas aljazeera
coal vellum
