this is Fanta Angeles's last day at her
home in her working-class Caracas
neighborhood
she sold everything possible and packed
the rest as she and her sister her two
daughters and their four small children
prepare to abandon Venezuela I have to
get my daughter out of here before it's
too late
Fran jellies three-year-old can't speaks
and she had a stroke provoked she says
by the lack of medicine to treat her
repeated convulsions half of them will
go to Peru the rest to Chile to join
husbands and sons but Sandra is angry we
wanted to remain here in my beloved
Venezuela the best country in the world
until Maduro destroyed it we're leaving
half of our family behind our family is
now scattered indeed oil-rich Venezuela
is unrecognizable disease hunger
uncontrollable violence and
hyperinflation are driving millions from
a country where poverty has reached 80%
President Nicolas Maduro blames US
financial sanctions but they don't begin
to explain a crisis that began long
before they were imposed a year ago lo
que el correo - well what is happening
is of such gravity that it looks as
though we were going through a terrible
war like Syria except there is no war
and it's the expectation that things
will get even worse that is nourishing
the Stampede not that it's easy to leave
a passport is worth its weight in gold I
need to leave but how there's no way to
get a passport unless you pay two
thousand dollars under the table which I
don't have that's when the passport
office official asked us to move away
those are lucky enough to have a
passport come here to catch a bus going
to Peru via Colombia and Ecuador
everything else the bus tickets go up
day by day so the people who are lining
up here are doing so not to get a new
ticket but to pay the difference from
one they bought a month ago at four
hundred and four
now they have to pay 880 or they can't
get on the bus
it's prohibitive so like many others
Alexander is leaving for Peru to try his
luck with his pockets empty there's no
work I can't support my family or buy
milk and diapers for my baby so I have
no choice as the departure time nears
the waiting room begins to look and feel
like a mass funeral parlor husbands
wives children and fiance's say goodbye
to each other and certain what will
become of those who leave or of those
who must stay behind a tragedy that's
taking place every single day in every
corner of Venezuela
you see inhuman al Jazeera Caracas
