Malcolm Turnbull continues to charge
Ford despite doors closing around him
no Australian Prime Minister has
survived their full term in ten years
now it's Turnbull's turn to fight
australians will be rightly appalled by
what they're witnessing in their
nation's Parliament today and in the
course of this week he narrowly won a
leadership challenge on Tuesday as
behind the scenes former allies have
jostled to replace him this is a
government which had lost the will to
live but I don't even think on Tuesday
we could have seen the cannibalistic
behavior of a government who's eating
itself alive some members of Tim Balz
ruling Liberal Party don't believe he
can lead them to victory in next year's
elections and so the rebellion began 43
Liberal Party politicians must sign a
petition requesting a meeting on Friday
if that threshold is hit Turnbull treat
it as a vote of no-confidence he says he
will step aside to let his party hold a
new leadership ballot where his
replacement will be elected former
cabinet minister Peter Dutton is the
front-runner earlier this morning I've
called the Prime Minister to advise him
that it was my judgment that the
majority of the party room no longer
supported his leadership but Dutton's
challenge is also controversial the
country's top lawyer is investigating
his eligibility to hold office there are
concerns over government funding for his
businesses tax payers watched Thursday
as the government ground to a halt the
leadership chaos leading to the
suspension of parliament the house
stands adjourned until Monday 10
September 2018 at 10 a.m.
Turnbull's grip on power has lasted
three years now he faces an early exit
from Australian politics
just like the three Prime Minister's
before him Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
