desperate for a better life millions of
people have sought refuge in Europe
sometimes their dreams of sanctuary and
welcome are realized sometimes
disenchantment and hostility drive from
home in the first of two films on these
conflicting experiences people and power
has been to the German city where
generosity and open-heartedness have
been making migrant integration work
martini sushi the mosquito problem is
our hobby
valera the mosquito chiming there him
she saw it a mother of four is a refugee
in Germany after her husband was badly
injured in an Isis attack in Iraq she
had to flee the country with her
children and find safety in Europe as
for so many others before and since
getting to safety was difficult and
sometimes dangerous I'm an authority on
casaya dem nah here the scanners of she
added me no bar women turkey no Krishna
she had named muchi Ali Nejad from how
we ended so you know now so hard and her
family are settled in death mode a small
city in northwestern Germany ammonia
wanna better Malini be heard by us all
understand
since 2014 Germany has taken in more
than one and a half million refugees the
majority from the Middle East and North
Africa upon arrival most are assigned to
a new home town by the German government
selected according to its population
size and the standard of living if the
school does is slender get easy on
Aegean on defense turn or beside again
this is car opportunity his distorts and
aligned us stable water is safe
heartless if I Pokanoket on the Aegean
Sea water and anything come your
highness patina on this facility shifted
Detmold with around 70,000 inhabitants
was asked to accept 700 migrants
equivalent to about 1% of its population
the initial public response was cautious
sistema give you so all by design
forgiven thus heartless travesty that a
beautiful man can be to feel the mention
of name and often finished off behind a
bush typical answer every two weeks I
think there's another terrible story and
when we don't have each other then it's
I don't know it doesn't have a sense
anymore but as the refugees arrived
Detmold reacted positively to its new
residents in large part because of the
concerted efforts of integration made by
the municipality the aim then and since
has been to encourage as much
interaction possible between the locals
and the refugees through social events
organised by the authorities cafe
welcomed is just one example where
anyone can come forward and ask
questions always their concerns we had
people asking things like why do they
come here
and they claim our money but they have
the newest smartphone they're supposed
to be poor so it's an idea of they're
actually supposed to be poor otherwise
they can't be refugees you need to have
someone who is who is responding to
those sort of questions and who does
give you the facts that you need to know
I think in Denmark we still experience a
very privileged position because a lot
of the population of Detmer really has
said we want to make this work and we
really want to be a city that welcomes
refugees one result of this imaginative
integration process is that sad and
hurtful children have discovered a new
passion for acting they're part of a
drama group called fragile theatre drawn
mainly from refugees to professional
performers Mary Ann from France and her
German friend Lucy run the project the
group has been brought together in this
hall paid for by the local authority to
rehearse for a forthcoming public
performance
simple level yes if it's an exhaust is
called a vegetable - second - come on
zip zap zop Bonet don't eat 50 mandala
the manage climate info visit showed me
Damascus the group is going to be
performing a piece inspired by their own
stories the duty to the count
I wonder como si podemos we have a cow
Mosca cappadocia kappa de aramas cornell
in the one decision a larger potato
sector desire set experienced or not
have exceeded their one day the
proverbial is preparing with field site
and then screws to in dynam heads versus
media markt du travail a vector mask
civil alone Romano's Kafka legend in
yourself to pursue premier plus a little
bear to skip or to the manhunt a ridge
well I never know that I'd like to play
but I see myself yes I mean you can see
me I'm smiling and I'm talking and
people around me they are loving and
you're joking but after all this is like
drama when I'm alone sometimes I so when
I play with people and it's make me
forget
thirty-three-year-old Emanuel Jerome
comes originally from South Sudan and
has been in Detmold for two and a half
years but his future is uncertain
unable to return home because his life
is still at risk he applied for asylum
18 months ago and is still waiting to
hear whether he'll be allowed to stay in
Germany in the meantime he's been
relying on the charity of others and
lives in this apartment in a retirement
home owned by a local church
maybe I'm the lucky diffusing German I
have many friends church friends
supporting me everyone is there for me
even I can feel like so hot to cry
without them I cannot do anything so he
was forced to leave his family a mother
and sisters back in Sudan a country torn
apart by war and famine he can't bear to
display photos of them in his apartment
yeah they're here but so hard left look
at them and been six years without
seeing them
even to talk with them in the phone
sometimes painful I've missed them so
much I want to talk to them but when I
talk with them I was like why did I call
it's not like because I don't want to
hear what is happening and I don't we
never talk even when we call on us we
are just crying you know she's crying my
mother's crying and crying
Marianne the director of the drama group
has come to visit in preparation for the
performance
Marianne wants to find out more about
how Emmanuelle came to Germany and how
he's been managing since he got to
Detmold
his story along with those of the other
refugee actors will be woven into the
script
jinan convene
the mask of a kadhi courage do something
that ammonia is Dukas ng some concern a
power gladiator show but is but what
does it mean for you safety for me
safety is like a place where unless
you're sitting if you feel that man
there is a lot of bit people who love
you around you if there is no people who
love you around you you don't feel safe
we are people we are human we are all
the same that's why we've come to Europe
because we feel that in Europe there is
a human right it's not like people are
different people that they have
different color or different country or
this is Christian this is Muslim or
Buddha we feel that here's the resumen
right so we feel like if you come here
we're gonna be safe Emanuel isn't the
only one who's being encouraged to make
his voice heard through the theater Saad
is also keen to share her positive
experience of arrival in Germany and her
gratitude that the welcome she's
received even though thoughts of home
are never far away she knows that in
comparison to other refugees she and her
children are fortunate they come from
one of the five countries given priority
status by the German state Iraq Syria
Iran Eritrea and Somalia their
applications are processed more rapidly
and help is provided more quickly upon
their arrival the family were housed
briefly in an abandoned military base
before being moved to more permanent
accommodation the city pays their rent
and the cost of heating
omerta NBA homotopy NBA Wozniak ona and
Alicia korean Rahim bhai
Omar for Quran early
in addition to the housing Sahad
receives around 1,000 euros a month to
support herself and her family and her
children were immediately enrolled in
local schools 18 months after their
arrival seven year-old dawan now speaks
German as well as she speaks Arabic and
is even starting to learn English a
local charity worker Sabina has been
helping the family since their arrival
in Germany today she has some good news
for Suhad son Ali who is ambitious to
one day be an electrical engineer she's
managed to find him some vocational
training will begin in a few weeks from
Syria and Iraq want to study it's quite
difficult to adapt to the German system
that quickly to get into the language
that let me to study you can choose
another way you can do an apprenticeship
and if you want to study lecturing
electric engineering you do an
apprenticeship like it as an electrician
and loads of knowledge as part of its
integration program the German
government has insisted that all new
arrivals learn German every morning sod
sets off to school for four hours of
lessons any more of it for additional
felony that maloso gamma t yo POS away
I'm a highly yeah good morning
dan ptc still ziba tomorrow names ajita
INF Haga Vitaliy de pez own height of
cargo
when commons invested in the meter come
on jamison indomita V Langham Austin Z
in deutschland Leoben mr. Bieber
it's about well living in Germany
speaking a little bit but not fluently
so it's not a problem when you make some
mistakes we have an examination at the
end of this course and the basic the
most important thing is that they can
speak and we can understand the language
lessons are funded by the state and free
for refugees from the five countries
given priority status by the German
government but there oversubscribed with
two hundred thousand people nationally
still in need of the place it means that
not all the refugees have received the
same treatment
because he's from Sudan which isn't on
the government's priority list Emanuel
doesn't have access to as much support
as other refugees it's something of a
sore point for me I don't have a right
until now to make a general course for
free if I want to make a general course
I have to pave over self why not me
I'm refugees it's not like I I'm gonna
finish like the other people the
language problem is still a common
stumbling block to full integration
there's plenty of work here in theory in
Germany opened its doors to refugees
promising gainful employment for all
with an aging population and a falling
birthrate the country is in dire need of
manpower but like many thousands of
others Emanuel will only really benefit
when he can speak German competently in
the meantime he's restricted to
unskilled work for which he earns only
350 euros a month
for now Emanuel works for a charitable
organisation it collects unwanted
furniture to distribute free of charge
to low-income households we just take it
to our place and the people come if I
need someone isn't it he come in our
place
and if you see that something is good
you take it yes it's like shopping but
without money I understand the feeling
of need when someone needs something so
when I go there and some people come in
they don't have anything indicate
something this make me also feel good
tangela she has a gizmo 5-footer here
back in Sudan and Manuel had a senior
position at a 5-star Hotel but here in
Germany he must make do with work as a
removal man nonetheless he considers
himself fortunate for now he is helping
with physical mind things I'm busy to do
something is not making it routine or
not so I meet new people they just have
something like Duty every day I have to
go out morning and to do my job as a
human being so it's helping a lot it's
not only about money is happening to be
healthy but even with a steady job under
his belt
Emanuele fears that he won't be allowed
to stay in Germany which was makea the
denoise to copy what up yeah does the
sneaky noise I wasn't even there like
here his German friend Olli has been
helping him with his residency
application she's my heart she's my
angel and she's my best friend and
sister and family she's my everything
with so many refugees to deal with the
state is swamped with asylum requests
and sometimes it can take years before
an application is processed Emmanuel has
been on the waiting list for 18 months
for humanitarian reasons we ask for
complete stopping of him being rejected
and be
sent from Germany and I think we will we
would be successful also in this because
we we believe in him and there's enough
proof that a man has been well
integrated and it's working here so it
was a good chance it's I think away from
the complex paperwork and concerns about
employment and language skills the
theatre performance is finally coming
together as which option and missing is
activating the annoyance on collage
Odyssey at Swedish
no you're dissing collage ambition no
assume ah well that enemy are is Filip
Assiut it's love for Allah the theme for
today is expulsion fear of which still
haunts some of the refugees Absalom is -
limbs dermis hmm limb ellipta the
highest us person even a freshman
Desmond oven telephone axis for pasta
alphas eat now - the Phalanx tying the
c3 antifa coffin up she rule is viene y
act of mention the arsonists commit
about 3t unleash them
and then all too quickly the big day
arrives in debt moles town square
fragile theatre prepare for their
performance entitled a meeting and
paradise it's to be a personal
reflection on what sanctuary in Germany
has given to the refugees the show
begins with the story of the refugees is
flight from home
they are the vestige of difficult
analysis as it lasts at least two hours
in the buses spare distorts of life dad
kinds of see themselves artists enough
but in Turkey in the second half of the
performance the audience is invited to
get involved they can taste a
traditional soup listen to recitals from
the migrants or sign up for some charity
work
so you can go there and eat something
altogether there's a big good end that
the good ends I hope God will end even
really and reality also like that it
would be wrong to conclude from this
brief glimpse into Germany's
assimilation process no matter how
successful it has been in Detmold that
refugees are universally welcomed there
is growing intolerance and frustration
to be found here as elsewhere in Europe
and whether the doors remain open to
migrants remains to be seen
for now though the 100-plus million
euros that is costing the German state
seem to be being well spent it's just a
beginning so you're gonna try to
understand each other and to be together
to build German altogether
