like a cascade of green and golden
jewels right Sauvignon Blanc grapes fall
into a press at the Hoenig family winery
in California's Napa Valley it's one of
many steps toward creating premium wines
that sell for as much as $100 a bottle
here in the heart of California's wine
country growers have to contend with the
weather fluctuating markets taste trends
and now a trade war Wow what do you feel
when you walk through and see all of
this fear here winery owner Michael
Hoenig is afraid that relationships he
spent a decade cultivating with Chinese
wine merchants have now been ruined he
selling about 25 other countries outside
of the US and China is certainly one of
the top two or three after President
Donald Trump placed tariffs on a range
of Chinese imports in March
Beijing retaliated with tariffs on US
agricultural products including wine
growers protested but to no avail
now US wines are priced out of the
Chinese market compared with the fruits
of Chilean French and Australian
vineyards the world is getting smaller
we see great interest in the Chinese
culturally they want wine they want the
finest things in life they know the Napa
Valley produces some of the best wines
in the world so we have this great
opportunity but the government is
putting this huge impediment in front of
us it's not just growers here in
California's wine country who are
feeling the pinch all over rural America
including many areas that heavily
supported Trump in 2016
farmers livelihoods are being disrupted
by his trade policies trade wars have a
extremely detrimental effect on on
farmers compared to a lot of other
industries soybeans is probably most
affected and then commodities like pork
and sorghum products winery has been in
the same family for three generations
without expansion into new markets like
China he says its future is in doubt
national business I'm trying to create
something for the future of my family
the fourth and the fifth generation
Hoenig that are gonna be running this
business so one impact us today but it
will impact us in twenty and thirty
years if we don't do something now a
rich harvest amid a season of
uncertainty Rob Reynolds al-jazeera
Napa Valley California
