the Jardine floresta shelter in the city
of Boavista it's about three hours away
from the border with Venezuela it is
part of Brazil's program to help the
Venezuelans arriving here ah scaliness
re came here two months ago soon after
she delivered her baby boy the biggest
problem is finding food in Venezuela we
had a house water and electricity but no
food at least here I have a chance at
the shelter people are provided food to
eat and a place to sleep
Fernando Charis Lopez has been here for
four months his son Luis has Down
syndrome millions of people came from
Latin America to Venezuela when they
escaped war and now look at us but it's
not easy because when you go outside the
Brazilians look at us as if they want to
kill you the northern Brazilian state of
Road I may is one of the country's
poorest and that's why the government is
hoping to start moving people to other
cities to ease the burden on this border
state but the Venezuelans who are coming
to Brazil are not only living inside
shelters but also on the streets all
around the city of Wistar there's entire
families waiting to be allowed inside
the shelters families here say that
their children are getting sick while
they wait
for three weeks this children have been
sleeping on the street they're tired
hungry and some of them ill Norma
Cassandra says she has been told there
is no space inside I know do you think I
know they say there is no space we have
waited outside the shelter for weeks
under the rain we deserve better is the
pressure jeff wilkinson of the UN
refugee program says the situation is
challenging with a priority shifting to
help the new arrivals to quickly move on
to other Brazilian cities and that they
are now looking at how to make the
process more agile to identify any new
locations and to negotiate them to push
this because at the end of the day I
think everyone realizes that I mean that
really is the priority and that takes
pressure off in spite of the
difficulties they face in Brazil
hundreds of Venezuelans continue to
cross the border every day escaping an
economic crisis and willing to risk it
all in search of a better life terasawa
al-jazeera Boavista
