the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia announced
its plans to sell shares of its state
oil company Aramco two years ago
the stunning plan was billed as a way to
generate a huge windfall the kingdom
would bring in billions of dollars by
selling a mere five percent of Aramco on
national and international stock
exchanges in fact the different stock
exchanges have been competing with each
other to attract the shares the IPO of
Aramco in London for example there were
proposals to change and modify some of
the regulations which were very strict
so a lot of them more flexibility so
that Aramco which is of course private
company but really a national oil
company basically a government company
to be privatized as such Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman announced the
privatisation as part of his ambitious
vision 2030 scheme to modernize the
kingdom's economy and society bin Salman
is hoping to reduce the kingdom's
dependency on oil revenue but the
kingdom's finances may be too tied up
into its oil economy to untangle being a
government state of and company its
books have to be completely open and yet
it is very much intertwined Saudi Aramco
as well as its oil operations have been
its finances intertwined with the Saudi
government for example does provide
welfare schools and hospitals bin
Salman's attempt to take the state oil
company public would have also put Saudi
Arabia under closer scrutiny not only
financially but it would have to be more
accountable for its human rights record
and an ability to ensure citizens the
freedoms of expression and assembly a
publicly traded company would have to be
transparent and accountable it's not
really the only P whose them would be a
good thing to do so it'd be full
disclosure it's not a situation they're
probably used to or comfortable with at
this point but it would be very good for
them to come around to that that type of
reporting to sources close to the public
offerings say financial advisors working
on the proposal have been let go
they believe the Kingdom is now
considering investing in a local
petrochemical maker and increasing
revenues for Saudi Arabia from different
more
it's Paul trader G on al Jazeera
