they've been hiking through muddy
jungles and crossing rivers traveling
for a week now from Honduras through
Guatemala determined to find sanctuary
in the United States my son was murdered
and criminal gangs threatened my
daughter that's why I'm leaving many
have left their homes to find a safer
place to live
others only want a chance to work and
earn a living there were no jobs there
was no work it was hard to live in
Honduras there was nothing to eat and
nothing will deter them not police
forces nor border agents not even a
threat from President Donald Trump to
deploy the US military they will not
stop us only God can stop us Donald
Trump is nobody even if he is the
President of the United States he will
not stop us Mexico has started
processing the first of the migrants who
arrived those with passports and visas
will be allowed to enter others will
have to apply to enter as refugees we
are a peaceful Caravan we're not hurting
anyone we're out on the street we're
looking for a new life a better future
with thousands of kilometres until they
reached the US border with Mexico hope
for a better life continues to push
these migrants north
Paul Chatterjee on al-jazeera
