loader kumano has been living in this
tent for a month he says he is 16 and
has applied for asylum in Greece it's
good here in Greece I want to go to
school and study mechanical engineering
would be fine loader swapped his Guinean
village for a tent village on Samos it's
outside the islands official camp which
is full those living here are plagued by
insects there's no running water and the
best way to have a birth is to swim in
the sea
Samos is now home to some 3800 asylum
seekers that's half the island's
population over again and four times its
camp capacity this Syrian man has
constructed a reed hut over his tent to
keep his pregnant wife cool he's done
his best to provide the amenities of
home with official resources inadequate
it's up to groups like Samos volunteers
to help maintain hygiene and prevent an
outbreak of disease they recently set up
this laundry facility for the official
camp a lot of people have scabies in the
you know the half-day can't watch their
blankets they live on the blanket sleep
on the bed blankets we get bags with
blankets in there that like have
cockroaches in them so what it says is
that people live in horrible conditions
but have no way out of there
so whereas scabies is usually very
easily treatable when you live in a camp
like that there's no way you can get rid
of it the easy way
keeping refugees who arrived here from
Turkey means Turkish authorities are not
being asked to accept deportees who may
have arrived in Europe via a different
route Europe's political balance
increasingly depends upon the efficiency
of its external borders here at its
eastern frontier Greece safeguards
Europe's ability to send back failed
asylum applicants to Turkey and Greece
has now concluded a new agreement with
Germany whereby it will take back
refugees who applied for asylum here and
smuggled themselves across internal EU
borders that puts in place a reverse
flow mechanism from Central Europe back
to Turkey but it leaves Samos uneasy
about its role even though Germany has
in return offered to speed up family
reunifications
approach the question is how many people
will be returned and how many families
will be reunited will there be some
equivalents in numbers anything
difference with demote Greece it
suggests a two-speed Europe some of the
more fortunate asylum seekers are in
hotels paid for by charities a sign of
how Europe is trying to encourage the
silent to sell a political service Samos
just wants to serve its tourists jump
psaropoulos
al Jazeera Samos
