reports of torture and imprisonment
rojan ja refugees returning to myanmar
the government promised they'd be safe
but investigations suggest otherwise so
who should or can provide protection
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim more than 700,000 Rohan
Jia fled a military crackdown in
Myanmar's Rakhine State last year two
refugee camps in Bangladesh but very few
have returned and those that have
haven't been welcomed back Human Rights
Watch says some have been tortured and
thrown in jail there are reports of
interrogations at gunpoint of burns and
electric shock treatment designed to
force confessions that they were
affiliated with the IRA Conroy hinge a
Salvation Army a group set up in its
words to defend Roja against persecution
by the Myanmar government and military
who've been accused of ethnic cleansing
Human Rights Watch has stressed the need
for international protection before the
mainly Muslim or Hindu will be able to
return to myanmar safely Myanmar and
Bangladesh signed a deal to repatriate
were Hindu refugees last November but it
has stalled
Myanmar's leader Aung San su Chi says
it's up to Bangladesh to decide how
quickly the refugees would return and in
a speech in Singapore on Tuesday
defended her country's policies the
danger of terrorist activities which was
the initial cause a cause of events
leading to the humanitarian crisis in
Rakhine remains real and present today
unnecessary challenges address the risk
of inter-communal violence will remain
it is a threat that could have grave
consequences not just from Yemen but
also for other countries in our region
and beyond all right let's bring in our
guests joining us from London ton kin
president of the Burmese or Hindu
organization UK in Bangkok is Phil
Robertson deputy director for the Asia
division at Human Rights Watch and from
Marrakesh is Robert Templar director of
the barcelona-based higher education
Alliance for Refugees thank you all so
much for joining us Phil I want to start
with you could you please tell our
viewers a bit more about the specific
allegations in your reporting the
persecution faced by the reh√©n juh that
have returned to myanmar sure what we
found in our research was that a number
of RO hinga men and boys returned while
entirely from Bangladesh essentially
they were sneaking it back across the
border some of them told us they were
going back to get fishing nets that they
had left or other equipment some said
they're gonna try to find work because
there's no work in the refugee camps
they were arrested by the Burma
Border Patrol they were taken to various
different bgp centers in moong dhal they
were tortured extensively for days had
facing hot wax' burning plastic being
burned being held at gunpoint being
beaten all to try to get them to confess
to being members of the ericon rahega
Salvation Army they denied those those
those allegations and ultimately they
were transferred to another facility
where they were held by military
intelligence again tortured severely and
finally brought into a court they were
found guilty of illegal entry they were
sentenced to five years in prison and
transferred to Booty dong prison after a
period about a month or so there they
were taken out of the prison they were
told that they had been pardoned by the
president of Myanmar they were forced to
take nationality verification cards that
they didn't want and then they were
paraded in front of journalists at a
reception center for returning refugees
from Bangladesh presented as being
voluntary repatriation stead of people
who had just been released from prison
finally ultimately when the journalists
went away they were told that they
couldn't leave that reception centre if
they did so they would be severely
punished a number of them however did
escape and fled back to Bangladesh where
we were able to interview them turn keen
what is your reaction to the reporting
by Human Rights Watch on this issue and
just how dangerous is it for Roja who
want to return to me and more yes I
think as a Rohingya we would like too
many to express many thanks to Human
Rights Watch publish in the report you
know there are a lot of atrocities going
on until today in our Khanna state that
is some are not highlighted so it's very
good that
we memorize watched it I as a Rohingya
myself you know I'm receiving all the
time
the serious atrocities of information to
go we know against ruinous is going on
you know unfortunately you know we have
not seen that much in the media so you
know international community need to
focus at the same time as they're
focusing in Bangladesh camp same time
what is happening to Rohingyas
we're about at least 500,000 when you're
left in our country that the situation
need to be highlighted that is very
important and yes you know how Rohingyas
can return where this atrocities are
still continuing in of course you know
there is about 1 million Rohingya in
refugee camps whenever they're returned
you know I'm sure that the the
allegation of link with Arzo thousands
of Rohingya will be been will be killed
by Burmese army and security forces that
is that is quite sure so that's why we
are calling here you know when we talk
about return issue we need international
protection we cannot simply push them
back to Burma you know at the hands of
this military and security forces you
know they have they have done many times
these atrocities is not happening today
is happened 1990 and 78 after the return
and 1991-92 now again this will be going
to happen so without international
protection without guarantee of full
citizenship rights and others there is
no way to return to refugees for the
Rohingya refugees in Burma you know
nobody want to ask when I talked with
them a few times I visited two refugee
camps in Bangladesh they told me they
want justice fasting and secondly they
want they do not want to return prison
camp so they are original village has
been bulldozed and where they will go
you know so it is really important
international community they should not
take on you know
that recent MOU sign with UNHCR UNDP and
Burmese government we have seen leaked
documents this is totally without
consultation of RO hangers and there is
no representation of Rohingya being Bob
before and there is no transparency so
international community must stop that
you know without represent in consulting
with Rohingya this is very important
issue we are big dreams we cannot suffer
much more than anymore you know this is
very important all right Robert Templar
turn ken brought up a lot of very
important points there one of which is
the fact that when you're in Bangladesh
I I've been in Bangladesh Cox's Bazar
twice now on reporting trips and I hear
more and more from her Hindu refugees
that they feel that they were already
marginalized and that they are now even
further marginalized by the
international community one thing in
particular that seems to bother a lot of
the activists I've spoken with is the
fact that when it comes to these memos
of understanding that have been signed
between the UN and the government of
Myanmar that the regime's you have not
really been consulted that they don't
have a seat at the table so do you think
that at some point that is going to
change or do you think that these
governments are going to continue to
talk to one another without having their
hinder really be at the table and
involved well unfortunately I think
they're going to continue to be
marginalised most of the governments in
the region see this as an issue that
they can sort out on their own they're
not going to be able to do that because
there are and they're very unlikely to
be suitable conditions for any returns
in the near future I don't think there's
any likelihood of there being sufficient
guarantees of security and safety for
the refugees and they should not be
forcibly repatriated but I think you're
completely right they should be
consulted on these issues if they were
consulted I think it would be a
resounding no to any sort of
repatriation people do go back and forth
often economic reasons to recover
documents to recover equipment to get
money
these are acts of sort of desperation
but it's very very insecure for
attorneys as this Human Rights Watch
report shows
alright let's just hold the discussion
there for a minute because I want to
take a step back the plight of the rare
Hindi is not new they are denied
citizenship in Myanmar and are often
described as one of the world's most
persecuted minorities since the 1970s
they've been fleeing military crackdowns
in Rakhine State reporting rape torture
arson and murder by Myanmar security
forces last month I met one family in a
camp in Cox's Bazaar in Bangladesh who
told me about the decades of persecution
they have faced she's the head of four
generations of family and the bearer of
40 years of suffering Ghul is a har a
row hinge refugee in her 90s has fled
persecution in Myanmar three separate
times in her life first in 1978 then
1991 and finally in 2017
she speaks softly and slowly telling me
that while age may have left her unable
to remember everything she'll never
forget the constant horrors her family
suffered at the hands of security forces
in Myanmar over the years they beat us
they kidnapped us they detained us gule
and her family's ban almost a century in
age bonded through blood and
displacement they now all live in a
single hut located in the world's
largest refugee camp her son Olli akhmad
first fled Rakhine State and came to
Bangladesh as a teenager he recounts
just how awful the crackdown by security
forces was in 2017 I don't know if we
couldn't have made our way here we would
have been killed like stray dogs
Mohammed IU is ghouls grandson-in-law
he says he'll always be haunted by what
he seemed back home
no one could even ask questions about
the forced disappearances even a brother
didn't have the right to ask about his
missing brother you understand we had no
clue who was disappeared into where we
just had to remain silent about it
here the signs of trauma are everywhere
and fear is clearly etched on faces in
many ways what's happened to this
particular extended family really
mirrors what's happened to so many other
Roe Hendra who face decades of
repression and abuse the reh√©n Gia
aren't just the world's largest group of
stateless people they're also among the
world's most persecuted minorities more
than anything
Mohamed Ayub wants his children to be
able to experience peace and to get
justice he says there's only one way
that can happen
atrocities that are being committed
against our men and women should be
heard by the International Criminal
Court so that we get justice and if it's
not we won't be satisfied satisfaction
is not a sentiment goal is familiar with
for her pain has been a constant and
time continues to be as cruel as life
has been hard
Phil I think one of the things that
often gets overlooked or forgotten in
the reporting of this story is the fact
that Roja have fled before that this is
something that's been going on for
decades and that this latest Exodus is
just that it's the latest Exodus that
happened August 25th of last year we're
approaching the first year anniversary
look there has been a lot of talk about
repatriation deals that have been signed
between the governments of Myanmar and
Bangladesh but realistically speaking
from your vantage point
repatriation isn't happening anytime
soon is it well this is the latest and
the worst of the forcing of the Rohingya
out of northern Rakhine State I mean
certainly the the military of Myanmar
really had a plan and and and
implemented this with real ruthless
precision driving these people out and
they're not about to allow anybody to
come back in that easily I mean what we
see among the 500 to 600 thousand row
hinga who are still inside Rakhine State
is restrictions on movement lack of
livelihoods restriction access the
services curfews I mean these people are
still completely pinned down in their
villages they were dependent on foreign
aid for food and other basic supplies
and they haven't been getting those for
over a year now so since January of this
year since January 2018 we've seen
11,000 raw hinga leave so the people are
still coming out albeit at a lot slower
pace than before but people are still
being forced to flee so when you start
talking about Burma trying to put this
put the situation together allow these
people back first of all you need to
have political will which is lacking in
the government and the Burmese military
but then you also have half the
international protection in terms of
UNHCR presence you need to have basic
access for international NGOs you have
to have security guarantees for the
Rohingya they should have freedom of
movement they should have citizenship a
whole long list of thing where the
Burmese government hasn't even started
on this and in fact you know what
they're really doing is they're trying
to play games with the international
media they're trying to create the image
that they're serious about bringing
people back
this group of 62 that we documented who
had been imprisoned and then finally
released into this reception center you
know they want to say that they're
serious they want to blame Bangladesh
for not sending people back when in fact
it's it's it's Burma that is not
prepared to receive them and no one
should forget that - and Ken look there
are rights groups that have started
laying out the case by which they say
that what happened in Rakhine should be
considered a genocide and should be
considered that by the International
Criminal Court the UN says that it's a
textbook example of ethnic cleansing
there are UN officials who have said
that what happened bears the hallmarks
of genocide but they of course that
designation has not been made what do
you do what do you say to this debate
that's going on about whether or not it
is just ethnic cleansing or whether it
will ultimately be possibly deemed a
genocide myself it is completely it is
quite you can see it denying the our
identity denying our citizenship denying
the right to have movement denying the
right to a medical treatment denying the
right to have food denying the right to
have children and creating popular
violence and burning down your houses
and pushing you to the camps a
humanitarian aid been blocked and mass
killings slaughtering Banita life this
is systematically you know Burmese
military and government you know
intentionally destroying our community
it is a genocide unfortunately the
government's you know including even
Western governments they are they fear
they have to act something so I do not
see international community any strong
willingness to stop this and I have to
sext straight away you know it's been
going on one year why is taking so long
how many Rohingyas need to be killed to
force to take action you know from
international community like UK USA EU
and ASEAN countries we have not seen any
a stronger action you know even they are
it's such a shame you know debating the
war genocide crime against humanity you
if it's already you can see how military
intention is they're intentionally
destroying communal community you know
this is clear unfortunately this is not
supporting from government so we need to
move ahead to bring International
Criminal Code these military murderers
me online and others to International
Criminal Court because they are enjoying
impunity is not only Rohingya atrocities
facing in cusine you know machine Shan
and Xin and Quran many other minorities
in Burma they have faced mass atrocities
by this military so we like Internal
Security Council must refer ICC and also
this is important that you know a
stronger effective collective action is
needed otherwise we can see you know
this is gonna be stopped so this is a
general site everybody need to call
everybody need to recognize that and
then must for must come for action
because turn-key a single turnkey and
I'm sorry to interrupt it's just that I
we're starting to run out of time and I
want to ask a follow-up question to
Robert as well Robert can we step back
for a minute and talk specifically about
about Bangladesh you know Cox's Bazar is
now home to the largest refugee
settlement in the world that's according
to the UN can you speak to the impact
that the refugee crisis is having on
Bangladesh I'm talking about
economically I'm talking about
environmentally well it's costing the
Bangladesh government one of the poorest
governments in in South Asia at least a
million dollars a day
and that's not including the foreign aid
that they're getting they're also very
vulnerable environmentally in terms of
political tensions they have an election
coming up it's a very difficult time in
Bangladesh and this is making things
that much worse anyways so I think it
has been a serious problem for them and
there's very little accounting for in
countries like
in terms of the damage they caused by
creating this massive refugee crisis and
there's no doubt that they one of the
main reasons to bring this up in more
international arenas is to limit this as
a strategy in the future because it has
had a very dramatic impact on Bangladesh
Phil could you speak specifically about
the kind of risks faced by Roy Hindu
refugees in these makeshift camps in
places like Cox's Bazar I'm talking
about whether it be communicable
diseases sexual violence trafficking or
just the environment well the
environment is is it's of course
completely packed together but it is
also an area that is subject to
landslides we've done interviews with
refugees who are building houses that
had just gone down the hill and they
were trying to build it right back again
at the same place I mean the other
reality is that there's no evacuation
plan for that camp if it's hit by a
typhoon the reality is that the the
Bangladesh government is not allowing
for construction of permanent structures
there because they wanted to main
maintain the semblance of being
temporary they want to make sure that
you know that these people don't feel
like they're there for the long haul
though everybody thinks they probably
are because there's no solution for them
to go back to to Burma at this point and
so because of that the sort of planning
the sort of construction the creation of
moving people to new areas where would
be safer for them to be you know out of
these areas that are they're prone to
landslides that's not happening and then
the other issues of course are issues of
food education health these things are
woefully underfunded I mean if you look
at what the UN agencies have received in
terms of their appeal you know you're
probably talking maybe one third of the
appeal has been funded by the
international community so they're just
scraping by right now you know and as
this you know becomes less of a priority
if this drags on to year 2 or year 3
unfortunately you would expect that the
international community will move their
attention
somewhere else and there will be less
support so you know this is a very very
difficult situation for those refugees
you know and and I think ultimately
Burma is sort of playing for time here
there they're realizing that you know if
they just make it difficult for these
people to come back if they continue to
have the troops on the ground if if they
make an example of some of these people
like the group that we interviewed that
that snuck back in that you know the
word will get through the Rohingya camps
that the return is too dangerous and
they'll just stay in Bangladesh which is
ultimately I think what Burma wants to
and kin the US recently announced
sanctions on some military and police
officials and some specific army units
in Myanmar what's your reaction to that
and what more do you think the u.s. can
or should be doing to try to help the
situation I think it's good that this
sanction but we did not see the main
perpetrator
you know the main commander in chief me
online they neglected him I don't know
why this is the main reason I mean they
should target military commander
in-chief me online who is who is the
most the masterminded on this wing of
mass killings you know that is very
important which we should put him to and
you know at the same time US government
must support at UN Security Council ICC
referral and you know we have not seen
US government you know effective action
yet u.s. they've been talking a lot but
we need to see this practical action we
want to see like you know US should put
more much pressure to NLD at the problem
here is they are still see our dancers
which is a hope in in Burma you know she
this that that's narrative US and UK and
other countries must change you know
there is no way sushi is a hope to solve
this Rohingya issue
she is complicit in this genocide
against Romania she is taking raw
hangers like it's a terrorism issues and
others so totally appalling you know she
is totally no hope at all
she is systematically you know denying
all the abuses and atrocities against
Rohingya we have seen that in many many
years now he's been since 2016 you know
so we must pressure same time NLD
government and military you know this
need to be done because you know in u.s.
still suji's a hope that narrative need
to be changed I think she is totally she
is Dina she is systematically you know
that she is diverting the issue by
forming Commission you know we have seen
before my bill Richardson or the former
governor from Mexico New Mexico Bill
Rasheeda have already mentioned you know
there is no such a talk from her
government citizenship issue you can
that contain one commission after
another they are doing this not walk we
want to see you and peacekeeping force
you will want to CIC Syrio Forel
we want to see international protection
from US and other UK and other you
allies that is Tim Kaine I'm sorry to
interrupt you but we are out of time
here no we are we are out of time thank
you very much we're gonna have to thank
all our guests we are out of time thanks
to two and kin Phil Robertson and Robert
Templar and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com /aj
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Mohammed Jim Jim and the whole
team here bye for now
