the sounds of pellet gunshots yelling
and smoke from tear gas canisters filled
the air in several towns in
indian-administered Kashmir this week
Muslims are celebrating the Eid al-adha
or festival of sacrifice leaving many
streets quiet but not here in shrine
occur after evening prayers on Tuesday
hundreds of protesters demonstrating
against Indian rule carried signs hurled
stones and even through tear gas
canisters back at police many of our
brothers are in jail many are injured
with shotgun pellets and many have been
martyred the Indian forces are
suppressing us with their might we are
facing tyranny every day Kashmir is a
Muslim majority Himalayan region it's
claimed by both India and Pakistan many
Kashmiris have been opposing Indian rule
since independence in 1947 we appeal to
the international community especially
to the Organization of Islamic
Cooperation and the United Nations to
intervene and take notice of the
atrocities committed here so that
India's operation is stopped a boundary
known as the line of control divides the
region in half with one side
administered by India and the other by
Pakistan India would like to formalize
the status quo and make it the accepted
international boundary but Pakistan and
Kashmiri activists reject this plan
because they both want greater control
over the region
Pakistan's new prime minister Imran Khan
has proposed talks with Indian Premier
Narendra Modi to resolve the
long-standing dispute over Kashmir
Natacha guy named al Jazeera
