a US Senate Banking Committee hearing on
Russian sanctions the Treasury
Department reporting back on the
punitive measures taken to counter what
is described as illicit Russian activity
against the United States so Russia's
malign activities continue its
adventurism undoubtedly
has been checked by the knowledge that
we can bring even more economic pain to
there using our powerful range of
authorities and that we will not
hesitate to do so if its conduct does
not demonstrably and significantly
change the latest sanctions are against
companies and individuals accused of
breaking US sanctions against North
Korea by shipping in banned items the
assets of all in the US are frozen and
they are forbidden from doing any
business with US companies another set
of sanctions do to be introduced on
retaliation for the alleged Russian
poisoning of former agent Sergei cripple
and his daughter in the United Kingdom
Russia has denied any responsibility but
no public mention was made of any of
this punitive action at a summit meeting
between the u.s. and Russian presidents
in Helsinki eyebrows were raised as
president Trump appeared to effusive ly
praise his Russian counterpart
just days after 12 Russian intelligence
agents were indicted on spying charges
in the US and despite US intelligence
agencies confirming Russian involvement
in the u.s. electoral process there was
no review from President Trump denial
Peter said it's not Russia back in the
United States President Trump is now
waging an all-out Twitter campaign
against a special council appointed to
investigate Russian collusion in recent
months he's used the words witch-hunt on
more than 400 occasions but the
tight-lipped Special Counsel Robert
Miller has not responded to the constant
attack from the chief executive not yet
imparting any knowledge he may have that
accounts for the apparent division
between the executive and legislative
branches of government
two Russian intentions in the United
States Mike Hanna al Jazeera New York
