Prime Minister Alexis tsipras may have
been trying to cast himself in the role
of a hero when he chose Ithaca to send a
message to the Greeks that their
economic Odyssey is over this is the
island home as hero Odysseus finally
returned home - after 20 years of war
and adventure in liver selling this
seemed era today a new day has dawned
for our country hey stomach day the
bailouts of austerity recession and a
social desert are finally over our
country we gave the right to shape its
own future and fortunes like any normal
European country without external duress
blackmail or sacrifices by our people
for this group of young people the news
comes too late the economic crisis
struck at the beginning of their teens
and changed their lives
urug Oceano is studying political
science but what he really wants to do
is 3d animation there's no market for
that here so he'll go abroad
my parents had invested everything in
government bonds we lost everything it
had a huge effect on our psychology and
it immediately changed how we lived it
was as though you had flipped a switch
stefanos gonna toss is studying
molecular biology the Greek genetics
market is shrinking as people have fewer
children so he plans to end up in the
United States or Canada and Luciano's
commis has a job waiting for him upon
graduation at a UK company you know what
is many vickima
my parents are divorced the moment I
realized there was a crisis was when I'd
watch my mother counting out money to
pay utility bills I thought I have to
finish school and find a job quickly so
I can help my family I have two smaller
siblings and they need a chance to grow
up - all three would prefer to stay in
Greece they just don't think this
economy will produce the jobs they want
nor do they believe Greece's political
elite can create that economy at least
half a million young educated Greeks
have emigrated over the past decade in
search of better jobs and that brain
drain is likely to continue Greece is
forecast to grow by only about 2 percent
a year for the next five years but over
the same period its obliged to spend at
least three and a half percent of its
economy per year repaying debt so
Gaines will be swallowed by its
commitments the markets Greece will now
depend upon for its borrowing are
looking for signs of stability that
includes keeping up debt payments but
not everyone believes it can euro
stefanos and Luciano's all studied the
Odyssey in school they're well aware
that Odysseus was the sole survivor of
his homecoming expedition all his men
perished whether tsipras has done enough
to ensure Greece's survival as well as
his own political survival remains in
the lap of the gods john psaropoulos al
jazeera athens
