he was once one of the most influential
men in Washington now Paul Manafort is
facing life behind bars
after a trial lasting three weeks the
jury found him guilty on eight charges
of tax and bank fraud over the course of
the trial the jury was told manna fort
hid millions of dollars in foreign bank
accounts and paid for a lavish lifestyle
with loans he lied to get president
Trump was in West Virginia when the
verdict came down he called man afford a
good man that says the case is not about
Russian collusion
the other 10 charges were declared a
mistrial but prosecutors may choose to
retry Manafort at a later date Trump's
former campaign manager faces another
trial on similar charges next month
leaving some in the legal community
wondering whether he might cooperate
with a Muller investigation they do
suggest that Paul Manafort might have
greater reason to cooperate with
prosecutors with the special counsels
investigation and if mr. Manafort does
indeed begin to cooperate that's where
mr. Trump faces potential problems on
the front of the Russia investigation
despite the president's claims this
trial is seen as an important test for
the mother investigation the charges in
this case may not have been about
collusion but they came from the mother
team mr. Madoff Ford is disappointed of
not getting acquittals all the way
through or a complete hung jury on all
counts he is evaluating all of his
options at this point for Paul Manafort
this has been a spectacular fall from
grace but President Trump's claims that
Robert malas investigation is a
witch-hunt have been dealt a spectacular
blow robert muller has said nothing
publicly for months but after this case
he may not have to a guilty plea here
has given his investigation legitimacy
and that may speak volumes and a
Gallacher al jazeera Alexandria Virginia
