the last time that you remember that
your breathing was perfectly normal that
your lungs were fine 70 year old Chris
Byron recently traveled halfway around
the world from Australia to Chicago to
find out how far his black lung disease
has progressed at heart he was diagnosed
two years ago after 40 years of mining I
kept getting pneumonia you know leading
of the lungs from the year 2000
Byron was among a half-dozen Australian
coal miners undergoing testing at this
black lung clinic at the University of
Illinois and northwestern hospitals
long-term exposure to coal dust causes
the disease the respiratory illness
began declining in the u.s. in the 1970s
and was thought to be eradicated in
Australia decades ago because of better
regulations but both countries have seen
an increase in reported cases in recent
years and miners like 36 year-old Tim
truant are getting sick younger it was a
normal thing like after the shift you
come up in the showers and you'd cop had
called us all the time and you can see
these massive lesions on both sides of
the lung clinic director dr. Robert
Cohen is researching the spike in black
lung disease
he thinks poor screening is part of the
problem but he also thinks there might
be something else some of the new stuff
that we're seeing in the u.s. may be due
to changes in technology that's creating
a finer smaller perhaps more toxic dust
and we're doing research right now to
evaluate that so we don't know that for
sure
miners undergo much more rigorous
testing here than what they would get at
other facilities the clinic considers
everything from the patient's medical
history to physiology blood drawn during
stress test analyzes oxygen levels in
blood pulmonary function exams evaluate
lung strength and how well excision and
carbon dioxide are exchanged from the
lungs to other parts of the body Cohen
says these tests and research will
provide a better wind
into black lung disease and how it
develops while it won't help him cure
these miners Cowan things that could
help in the development of new methods
of preventing black lung disease in the
future Dian Estabrook al-jazeera
Chicago
