the prayers marking the start of Eid
al-adha or Batum as it's known in Turkey
a time for devotion giving thanks and
for sharing among communities and here
in Istanbul's Fatih district it's a
bittersweet experience home to one of
the largest Syrian refugee populations
in the city so much so that it's known
as a Damascus bazaar dotted with shops
and cafes that are reminders of a
country they once knew before war forced
them to leave hey Ahmed Maher Dini has
added to that mix he owns a shop in the
heart of the community selling
traditional Syrian sweets and this week
it's an especially busy time as many
customers yearn for the flavors of home
the idea of Eve this to bring people
together but like a lot of Syrians we
are alone many of our families are still
back home or scattered all over the
place we have a generation of children
who have no idea about the joyful
celebrations we had back in Syria during
so we're making sure we pass on our Eve
traditions on to them and so the Syrian
community does what it can to keep its
traditions alive there are an estimated
20,000 who have decided to return home
for the holidays but of course there are
many here who simply cannot do that
Turkey has taken in some 3.5 million
Syrian refugees more than any other
country Magda has been here for more
than two and a half years with his
family they may be one and a half
thousand kilometers from Damascus but
they don't want to be identified as
their relatives are still there he makes
a living working in a textile shop to
support his son and his two nieces their
father died in the notorious said near
prison four years ago for them Eid is
less about the celebration more a
reminder of their loss they had to sell
their home to pay for the journey here
there is no Eid while our loved ones are
far away my wife and I have the same
situation both our brothers have
disappeared
for us every eat we remember them we
have no idea where they could be so for
us it is a painful time not a happy
celebration
Mashti says while Bashar al Assad
remains in power in Syria he cannot
return even to see his relatives it's
too dangerous for this couple it's the
children that give them the reason to
carry on the decoration you see we put
it up for the children because they
wanted it it's our way of giving them
something special for Eid a tradition he
hopes in time will become less painful
Sonya guy a go al Jazeera Istanbul
