once a wealthy nation Venezuela is in
financial crisis its currency is
crumbling inflation could reach 1
million percent the president introduces
a radical recovery plan but can it fix
the economy and what will the political
fallout be this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed M Jewell Venezuela was the
richest country in Latin America but now
it's facing one of the most critical
economic crises in the world inflation
has skyrocketed prices are at an
all-time high and the national currency
the Bolivar has lost much of its value
some Venezuelans could now struggle to
buy a cup of coffee the cost about two
million bolivars the financial
devastation has led to mass migration
starvation and political unrest
president Nicolas Maduro blames it on
what he calls an economic war against
his country his critics say widespread
corruption and the government's
mismanagement are responsible in an
attempt to solve the problem the
government has introduced a plan to curb
hyperinflation there's a new currency
the sovereign bolivar which will remove
five zeros from banknotes it's backed by
a cryptocurrency the petrol
that's pegged to the price of oil the
government is also raising the minimum
wage by three thousand percent raising
taxes and increasing petrol prices for
some drivers power Venezuelans reacting
to the new measures here's our Latin
America Editor Lucia Newman in Caracas
confusion concern and especially
uncertainty are the only way to describe
how most Venezuelans are receiving their
new currency these are 10 new believe
Alice until Friday they were worth a
million of the old body lettuce there
the maximum amount that you can take out
of a cash machine at one time but they
are not worth more they just have five
less zeros than the old bills faced with
the world's highest hyperinflation the
government has not just shaven zeros off
the bills but is raising corporate and
sales taxes and increasing the minimum
wage
several thousand percent Venezuela's
largest private business Association
says that this is not the way to save
the economy although it's necessary to
raise salaries raising the minimum wage
by thirty five hundred percent makes it
impossible for businesses to meet these
new increases in an economy that is
underwater because of a severe
depression
if hyperinflation is not controlled the
impact of this increase will be totally
counterproductive President Nicolas
Maduro says he'll subsidize small and
medium sized companies for 90 days
here in Caracas almost everything was
closed on the first day of the new
currencies they were the government had
declared Monday a public holiday nothing
is open complained this man not even the
mini supermarkets we're waiting to see
what happens
indeed people are confused and with very
good reason they don't know how to
calculate what they're spending
especially since the new salaries don't
go into effect until next month so how
did the crisis develop Venezuela has the
largest oil reserves in the world which
account for 90% of its total exports so
when oil prices collapsed Caracas
suffered a cash shortage the government
suddenly faced with a gaping hole in its
finances had to cut back on some of its
most popular social programs it
tightened control over access to u.s.
dollars leading to a flourishing black
market and unprecedented inflation
instead of cutting spending the
government printed more money driving
inflation up further it's annual rate is
now the world's highest and the
International Monetary Fund says it
could reach up to 1 million percent this
year Venezuela has also been hit by
international sanctions with the United
States prohibiting dealings in new debt
alright let's bring in our guest joining
us from Marie de Venezuela Paul Dobson
he's a journalist for Venezuela analysis
and independent news site based in
Venezuela from Washington DC is Sonia
Schott a Latin America analyst with a
focus on Venezuela and from Atlanta by
Skype is Charles Shapiro former US
ambassador to Venezuela thank you all
for joining us
Sonia I want to start with you will this
new currency help at all of course not
ok this is not the first time that we
have seen a government in Latin America
to remove Saros from the currency that
had happened in Argentina in Brazil in
Colombia but the situation was quite
different even though that happened
before in Latin America in the 70s 80s
Sonia I mean Sonia is already in a rough
time a Hugo Chavez also knocked zeros
off of the Bolivar in 2008 correct yeah
that's true
so ok it's not against that but to that
time
Venezuela was a very different country
during the Chavez time and as well I was
still wealthy actually the wealthy is
Venezuela the problem is the
mismanagement of the economy because
their resources are there there's a
Venezuelans there still have oil they
still have her raw materials the problem
is the mismanagement of the government
and that's why this is not going it's
too little and too late what the Maduro
government is doing right now it's not
going to help and i think this is going
to worse the situation Charles I saw you
nodding along to what Sonia was saying I
mean president Maduro is saying that
this is a revolutionary formula can you
expand on what Sonia was saying what do
you think about all of it I congratulate
him Sein Newman for being able to
describe it with a straight face
they've come up they developed a Rube
Goldberg machine and said that today is
Monday when in fact it's Tuesday simply
currency has value because people have
faith in the currency they've done
nothing to restore the faith in what the
government's doing and government policy
or in the bolivar no matter how many
zeros it has on well Charles let me
follow up on what you were saying I mean
this cryptocurrency that they're talking
about I mean this would require online
tools and infrastructure even to make
daily purchases I mean how would the
average Venezuelan even begin to to
utilize something like this now you just
answered your own question they can't
inflation will continue apace it's bad
government policy dropping oil
production in oil production in
Venezuela is that the level that was
that in 1947 and I will disagree one
name they had gaping holes in their
budget when ago Chavez was president
what's happened is the correcting holes
are even greater in the printing presses
are running full time Paul how are
Venezuelans viewing all this viewing
this this new currency in viewing all
that's going on well the vast majority
of Venezuelans
put their faith in the government once
again in May May 20th my last elections
and on a very clear ticket and this
ticket was we'll put our faith in faith
in you but we need stronger measures in
the economic area I will need something
to be done now three months later we are
saying certainly audacious measures from
the government in the Economic Area and
Venezuelans are to that extent they're
quite happy to see something being done
something drastic something different
something created in the economy whether
or not I'll be successful or not it's
far too early to say of course but the
general opinion on the street is that
there well these are well received these
measures because something is being done
they're trying something new and that's
mostly much better than than doing
nothing in the tea rating economic
situation sonia beyond this what other
steps is President Maduro you know
planning on taking and what kind of
pressure is he under domestically right
now
well actually we are seeing that how
Venezuela's collapsing before our eyes
so they crack the crisis in Venezuela
not just only the political crisis but
also the economical crisis it's not not
to to avoid it is impossible not to see
what's going on in the country even for
the president of Venezuela and I would
like to say something that is key a key
element for the economy and this is
trust and my question will be is anyone
in Venezuela trusting Maduro to lead the
the the the the policies the economic
policies to save the country from a
collapse even the international
community is there a trust on in
Venezuela that will be the answer and if
you can answer the question then you
will see what's going on so the future
it doesn't look very rosy right now
Charles let's talk for a moment about no
trust at all Charles let's talk for a
moment about you know the u.s. is
relationship with Venezuela I mean there
are the sanctions there are looming
sanctions I mean has the US State
Department been
doing enough from your point of view Oh
gasps the I think US State Department is
looking to see what they can do to
affect change in Venezuela but at the
end of the day that's uh we don't have
the leverage to on Maduro to get into
change and they will there will be more
sanctions I can guarantee you that
there'll be more violence against
Venezuela on government officials yes
the evidence is developed and presented
in court there are sanctions against the
petrol but the real answer is the amount
of money that Goldman Sachs has lost
investing in people don't want
investigative in his way things don't
last and his weddings are taking their
money out of the country they haven't
you and in fact a million Venezuelans
have fled the country neighboring
countries and countries as far away as
Peru and Ecuador are jammed with it as
walence with clean they're fleeing their
country because of lack of food lack of
medicine or work and currency they have
no favors Paul I just want to take a
step back for a moment to sort of remind
our viewers how than as well I got to
the point that it's at I mean Venezuela
boasts enormous oil riches and crude
production but it's been in steady
decline economically over the past
decade how did it get to this point I
get the question I complicated answer
now I'm obviously the time that we have
available a conch a fully into the
causes of the economic collapse at the
moment but I think it is briefed away as
you can if you could the main point here
is that in the when when oil was was
discovered in Venezuela the whole
economy started to shift and national
production in industry and agriculture
and a whole range of other fields got
abandoned in preference for oil and this
is still going on to some extent and now
obviously in the last few years
oil prices have been extremely high and
there was a serious lack from lacking of
the government in terms of
industrialization of the country at this
point when we have the resources to do
this I'm currently still venezuela is
over dependent on oil and a few
Natural Resources they take out of the
ground they haven't been able to
diversify their economy and become
self-sufficient in especially
agriculture but also in industry in
other areas and so they're still very
independent on imports now if you're
dependent on on imports you're dependent
on currency exchanges and if you're
depend on currency exchanges then to
some extent you're dependent on a
foreign currency and now see this is
where sanctions have really hit home
sanctions have had a massive impact here
in Venezuela u.s. us-led sanctions from
the US State Department which have been
replicated by Canada and Canada Panama
and Switzerland and they use these
sanctions have made it almost impossible
for Venezuela to import a range of goods
including medicines and important
subsidies for the food sector because
they're not allowing access to the
financial institutions or not Venezuelan
private firms Venezuelan government
Venezuelan public firms anyone is not
able to pay for the import of goods they
can import them for they can't pay for
them so obviously people more vii send
them any goods because they're not
they're not allowed access to the
financial infrastructure which is of
course dominated by Washington and this
is a brief summary of some of the
problems we have there's also a lot more
involved sure you don't have something
to do with it and I mismanagement and a
whole series of other issues now but
this is a summary I will give you
Charles
it looked to me as though you might have
been shaking your head a little bit
during the answer there did you want to
add anything yeah they were it doesn't
boil is it 120 oil dropped all the way
down to below the 40 it's in around 60
they're continuing to run a deficit the
problem and the core problem is bad
economic policy and straighten things
out the government of Nicolas a
legitimate government Nicolas Maduro
but have to frankly reverse everything
that they are doing they didn't put
money aside in a rainy day fund and
prices bribed and they are reaping the
results of that policy now Sonia the
opposition is calling for nationwide
protests look would that be effective
and what more kid the opposition do
well actually we have seen that the
opposition indeed has called for a
protest today but also the government so
you see it's a way of intimidating the
opposition so the government called for
a protest and the opposition - at the
same time so it is that will be a best
example to see how the political
situation has been in Venezuela and why
the opposition has the government has
left less room for her for the
opposition in order to exercise their
liberties or their rights - so it is
actually very few that the opposition
can do I think it is more on the
international community put more
pressure on Venezuela in order to try to
reach some symbols they the only way out
right now for Venezuela is that the
Maduro regime step aside
call for free and transparent elections
in Venezuela and give the opportunity to
all Venezuelans to live in peace and
prosperity and in democracy Paul you
heard Sonia talk about you know the fact
that the international community as she
said should be putting more pressure on
Anna's whele but let me ask you this are
there countries right now that are
friendly towards Venezuela are there
countries the Venezuela can depend on
for help of course of course it's very
important for your viewers I think to
try to break this let's say
western-centric opinion that the world
is dominated by europe and the united
states venezuela have many allies in the
Middle East in the Far East we're
talking about China India here
Russia Iran also here in Latin America
there's numerous other allies in the
Caribbean and Central America and in
South America now these are allies who
especially for example in our case of
India which is an interesting case in
point which has a massive growing the
economy a very digital economy and very
vibrant cyber and crypto economy sector
they provide a lot of support for
Venezuela in these economic changes well
the Chinese economy with their technical
know-how and they are very are very
recent significant loan to the oil
sector in Venezuela to help modernize
its infrastructure so Venezuela
definitely has numerous allies across
the world obviously the US government
has successfully brought about certain
regime changes in Latin America in the
last few years in in Brazil by
installing a dictator in Argentina by
the election of a right-wing government
and honestly with the election of the
ultra rightist in Colombia on
Venezuela's border but that's not to say
that Venezuela is it without allies in
the region or within the world Charles
how do you see all this playing out
regionally at least in the short term
well I must be doing a different world
than Paulus because then is where those
allies are few and far between Russia
Syria
China Cuba Nicaragua over the short term
I seem unfortunate I see more chaos and
that is where the government policy is
unfortunately just flat-out are not
going to work and that's going to create
more crisis in Venezuela more refugees
leaving the country which then is gonna
translate in into crisis in all the
neighboring countries in Brazil Colombia
Peru Ecuador increasing numbers of
Venezuelans going both to Europe and in
North America Charles let me ask you let
me just follow up on what you were
saying I mean when it comes to the
migrants I me there's so many people
that are leaving Venezuela and now this
is causing some tension with neighboring
countries as well I mean do you believe
that there will be anti-immigration
sentiment that that will be growing so
yeah I mean to have these people show up
unexpectedly they're not prepared for
the United States and
other countries are providing increased
assistance to those countries that still
really problem people are losing weight
inside Venezuela the poverty rate is at
87% people can't feed their families and
they're leaving the country and will
continue to do so
Sonia it looked like you might want to
jump in there as well and add your own
thoughts to that let me ask you as well
I mean do you do you believe that this
is just going to be leading to more
chaos that the anti migration sentiment
will be growing that it will be causing
more tensions with neighboring countries
yeah I think so because the new measures
economic measures imposed in Venezuela
by presing Maduro they are going to cost
that people are going to leave Venezuela
day by day and the numbers will increase
so the situation will be worse I
remember one of the first cases was in
Panama and also in the in the Dominican
Republic now it's in Peru and Ecuador
people are afraid but actually there is
a huge difference be on what's happened
today
in Venezuela there is no president on
the influx of Venezuelans leaving the
country in Latin America but I what I
would like to remind others that it was
not long ago when in Venezuela was a
stable it was in a stable situation and
Venezuela was willing to to receive all
these foreigners yeah Venezuela was was
essentially the hailer I grants from the
other countries correct Yeah right
and actually the most of the Venezuelans
of course there are some exceptions but
they are very skilled workers so it's I
don't see how they the region is not
showing solidarity right now with
Venezuela poor what does it say to you
that we're seeing you know this
increasing hostility towards these
migrants it's worrying a very working
Venezuela for anyone who's been in
Venezuela and also he has left to come
ambassador's residence or an embassy is
known actually walk down the streets and
talk to the people in Venezuela well no
the Venezuelans are very open-minded
very tolerant people very rare to see
expressions of violence in a phobia here
in Venezuela I was a foreigner living in
Venezuela I can testify to this but now
we're starting to see a lot of family -
in Venezuela hearing from from family
members or friends who have emigrated
out of the country and who have suffered
from from expressions of Senna phobia
quite recently there's one on the border
with Brazil only over the weekend there
were a series of arrests in Colombia as
well for the same issue and frequently
hear about these that you've coming out
of Peru and these these are agree to a
shock here in Venezuela he's agreed to
with discussed the fact that people look
on Venezuela's and treat them
differently for being Venezuelans and
this this is something new to Venezuelan
society and which is received massive
rejection here in Venezuela the Charles
from your vantage point I mean are we
approaching a point by which borders
would be closed to Venezuelans is that
how bad it could get look every country
sovereign they get to decide whether it
open or closed the borders and how many
refugees you accept Colombia has been
extraordinarily welcomed within his
Wales what one point I'd like to add is
that the international community is
offered to send humanitarian assistance
to Venezuela with no strings attached
the European Union has Canada the US the
International Red Cross when we offered
descended to the US we've already sent
it through the Red Cross of the Catholic
Church so that there's no more sense
that other countries are somehow doing
evil through this assistance and the
government of Venezuela has refused to
accept it and says there is no crisis in
Venezuela
no humanitarian crisis in the planet
Sonia if we're talking about the
humanitarian crisis could you just help
our viewers to understand how dire
things are for Venezuelans how bad the
situation is for them right now
well imagine a country ever once a very
wealthy country who now suffers from
blackouts
every day for a couple of hours or for
more than one day or two days no no
electricity no water no medicines no
food not even cash because when a
Suellen stay they do all their
transactions with their credit cards
using ATMs or money transfers or so or
some Venezuelan say they have to go to
to cross the border to Colombia in order
to buy Venezuelan currency and go back
to the country because there is a lack
of cash to so this is unbearable in in
addition to that they own security the
the lack of security in Venezuela so it
is a it is horrible the situation is
horrible what can people do it there
there is no future and that's why it's
so dramatic the situation even the
hospitals the clinic they don't have the
means in order to provide assistance to
the to the to the to the sick people so
it is really very worrisome what's going
on in Venezuela especially because
consider what Venezuela was in the past
it was a very wealthy country and nobody
can can understand what's going on right
now
not even the Venezuelans alright we have
run out of time so we're gonna have to
leave it there thank you all so much
thanks to all our guests Paul Dobson
Sonia Schott and Charles Shapiro and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again anytime by visiting
our website aljazeera.com and for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story from me Mohammed Jim Jim
and the whole team here bye for now
you
