Afghanistan's president might have been
hoping for a quiet start to the Eid
al-adha holiday but as Ashraf Ghani
reviewed his troops and officials
gathered for prayers they were all
reminded that there are fewer and fewer
peaceful days here that was the sound of
one of two rockets fired towards the
presidential palace kanui figured ke if
they think that with rocket attacks this
nation will surrender they have to think
again this is a brave tough nation and
is always ready to defend its
independence honour and Islamic
tradition ISIL says its fighters were
behind the attack the armed groups
numbers are growing in Afghanistan
although it's the Taliban that remains
the greatest threat that was made clear
in a recent attack on the nearby city of
gazni that exposed the government's
fragile grip on security thousands of
Taliban fighters stormed the city
cutting communications and access to the
highway to Kabul at least 150 soldiers
and more than a hundred civilians were
killed in the five-day battle to regain
control of the city
the government says hundreds of Taliban
fighters were killed the Taliban has
been at war with the us-backed Afghan
government for nearly 17 years but one
analyst has told Al Jazeera that while
the Taliban leadership believes it's
doing well on the battlefield
many foot soldiers see things
differently most of them never see an
American from you know one month to the
next so they're unconvinced that they're
actually fighting against an occupation
but yeah they don't have a way out so I
mean they're stuck the war continues and
the leadership are resisting serious
peace talks those inside the movement
who are actually broadly in favor of it
because they're in a in a centralized
top-down movement have no way of
affecting the decisions of the
leadership
Tuesday's attack on the presidential
compound ended when an Afghan helicopter
gunship targeted the house where the
Rockets were apparently fired from
Burnett Smith al-jazeera
