Hubbard ministration has been setting
new records with its imposition of
sanctions on foreign entities though it
is continuing a trend we saw under
Barack Obama what is different is the
imposition of economic tariffs this
administration overtly views the dollar
as a weapon and the globalized economy
as a battleground the numbers had been
climbing prior to Donald Trump's
presidency but according to the US
Treasury sanctions were imposed on close
to 1,000 entities and individuals in
2017 a new record negative and this year
analysts predict the administration will
surpass that number potentially adding
more than 1,400 entities to the list of
those sanctioned he's a president who
came into office without much government
experience of any with very limited in
the way of sort of relationships with a
couple of people on the hill or the
broader executive branch and what
sanctions lets him do is execute foreign
policy effectively on his own it is
unclear sometimes whether the US has a
grand strategy when it imposes sanctions
is Washington trying to change the
behavior of those that deems as working
against US national interests or simply
punishing them without any opportunity
for redemption and does anyone really
believe that Russia will forsake Crimea
for example as a result of sanctions
what exactly is the u.s. trying to
achieve in the rush to project u.s.
power such questions sometimes remain
unanswered at least with the Trump
administration's imposition of economic
tariffs that would seem to be a goal
President Trump says other countries are
exploiting the u.s. economically and
that needs to end and that is why we are
going to stick together and win for our
farmers and our factory workers our
steel workers here we are all across
this nation the imposition of tariffs
began in January with restrictions
imposed on solar panels and washing
machines the Trump administration said
it hopes to boost domestic manufacturing
since then China has borne the brunt
tariffs have been imposed on thirty four
billion dollars worth of Chinese imports
they went into effect July the 6th and
tariffs on an additional 16 billion
dollars of goods will go into effect on
August 23rd
in addition 25% tariffs on steel and
10th
aluminum imports have shocked allies
such as Canada Mexico Japan and the EU
Turkey's tariffs have meanwhile been
doubled to 50% on steel and 20% on
aluminium yet here too there is
confusion in imposing the steel and
aluminium tariffs Donald Trump invoked
national security yet his administration
is using those tariffs as bargaining
chips in trade negotiations how does
that square with keeping America safe
there has long been international
grumbling at the centrality of the US
dollar and financial system to the
global economy and it is likely that the
frequent deployment of both as weapons
often with little recourse for those
affected will heighten those complaints
in the future
Schreiber tancy al Jazeera Washington
