tim was just 12 when he says he was
raped by his Catholic parish priest he
believes the Pope's letter of apology is
not enough words words words thoughts
and prayers does not make a child safer
he could but the stroke of a pen demand
that every diocese in the world release
the records no more secret files Tim and
other survivors also want the Pope to
punish bishops who have covered up abuse
the Pope's letter comes days after a us
day of Pennsylvania report estimated
that 300 Roman Catholic priests and
their stay alone molested at least 1,000
children over the past eight decades
what our prayers and penance going to do
for folks who are now abusing alcohol
and drugs to self-medicate because a
priest raped them at 3:00 what our
prayers and penance gonna do the Pope is
dealing with similar cases of abuse and
cover-up around the world in South
America Chilean authorities raided
Catholic Church headquarters as part of
their investigation of sex abuse by
members of the Mars brothers Order and
ahead of the Pope's visit to Ireland
this weekend bishop accountability org
has added a new database of names of
Irish priests and Church employees
accused of child abuse if the Vatican
was approaching this issue with
integrity a pope would have come here
and not just kiss the ground when he
landed but gotten on his knees and
acknowledged the truth of what's
happened in this country in the
Vatican's role in a 15 years ago when
people needed that to happen this is
late and for any acknowledgement of you
because the abuse issue to be a mere
afterthought I think is is reprehensible
but this isn't the first time the Pope
has acknowledged sex abuse and asked for
forgiveness and a dios y su cuello
before God and his people I expressed my
sorrow for the scenes and grave crimes
of clerical sexual abuse committed
against you and I humbly ask for
forgiveness the Vatican says the Pope's
new letter is another wake-up call and a
plea for Catholics to help through
prayer
and penitence in what it caused an
attempt to fight evil this is about
Ireland this is about the United States
and this is about Chile but not only
Pope Francis has written to the people
of God and that means everyone and as
the Pennsylvania grand jury concluded
the real number of victimized children
and abusive priests might be higher
around the world since some secret
church records have been lost and some
victims have never come forward
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
