a nice pilot and his family are safe for
now the schooland dice has become their
refuge since they were forced to flee ha
dado weeks ago they're one of thousands
of Yemeni families who fled the key port
city after the assault by the saudi-led
coalition but unlike many others his age
anis has managed to avoid being forcibly
recruited as a child soldier by the
Houthi rebels they turned up at my house
and forced themselves in me and three
friends were kidnapped drugged and
beaten up a Houthi commander told us
they needed us to fight in Sunna but we
managed to escape
aneesa's story is not an unusual one
after more than three years of war and
thousands of deaths the warring parties
have turned to children to boost their
ranks a United Nations report documented
the recruitment of more than eight
hundred child soldiers in 2017 in Yemen
some as young as 11 but the geneva-based
human rights group says the number of
child soldiers fighting in the conflict
is much higher the Houthis are taking
advantage of the severe poverty families
are living in children are being
brainwashed to fight and some forcefully
sent to training camps the Houthis are
going to schools and orphanages to
recruit children we know of 1,800 cases
but think the figure is much higher the
UN report also found that nearly
two-thirds of child soldiers in Yemen
are fighting for the Houthis in June
Human Rights Watch called on all parties
in the conflict to ensure that no
children were taking parts in the
fighting in Hadi de and to investigate
and punish officers who allow children
in their units read Human Rights Watch
have also interviewed people who fled
from areas under the t control because
of their fears that their children
including boys would be recruited to
fight and some of these people some of
the people who have been in areas of
Disease Control also told us about their
fear and their experiences when I will
never forget one of the men saying the
young the children were ruling over us
basically describing young kids
threatening killing and fighting in the
air
despite the testimonies and witness
accounts for the rebels have denied the
accusations against them we completely
deny reports that we use child soldiers
and those on front lines are men of age
the law prevents children from being
recruited to fight they are still unable
to hold a gun under international law
it's considered a war crime to recruit
those under the age of 18 for armed
conflict even Yemeni law sets 18 as the
minimum age for military service as
Yemen suffers from the world's worst
humanitarian crisis with unimaginable
poverty and famine thousands of children
are bearing the brunt of the conflicts
they might be singing and smiling but
Yemen has become one of the worst places
in the world to be a child so I require
at al Jazeera
