the UK is less than six months away from
leaving the EU but without a deal
nothing going to plan and even food and
medicine shortages on the horizon was
the whole brexit vote a colossal mistake
that's our debate
those who pushed for brexit will quote
never be forgotten nor forgiven the
words of former British Conservative
Prime Minister John Major on Tuesday
brexit is less than six months away and
the UK government is no closer to
agreeing an exit deal with the EU
despite another round of negotiations on
Wednesday a No Deal brexit might
astonishingly result in food and
medicine shortages in the UK so what's
the brexit vote a huge mistake and kanuk
should it be undone
joining me to debate this our Lord
Andrew adonus former Labour cabinet
minister under Tony Blair and the
staunch opponent of brexit and returning
to the show for the first time since the
EU referendum campaign Conservative
member of the European Parliament and an
evangelist for braixen Daniel Hannan
thank you both for joining me on upfront
Daniel your prime minister and party
leader Theresa May has often said bricks
it means brexit but what does brexit
mean to you what does it look like we
don't seem to actually have a clue do we
well bricks it means becoming again a
sovereign country so that we hire and
fire the people who pass our laws and so
that UK law is supreme on our own soil
how you then negotiate your relations
with the EU is there's a range of views
on that my own view is that having
recovered our sovereignty we should have
the closest relationship with the EU
compatible with being an independent
country U is comprised of friends and
allies of ours so from every point of
view it is better to have a an amicable
cordial working relationship with the EU
where we are if you like the the
friendliest country that is a non-member
blazing away for every other country
that doesn't want to join if not it
means you can't get a deal if you leave
the EU without getting a deal which
looks increasingly likely you're okay
with that you've just got to ask this
question if any other potential trading
partner had gone to the EU with the
package that Theresa May was offering at
Salzburg if say Canada or Japan or any
other potential trading partner and came
along and said we will unilaterally
accept all of your physical good
standards and we will continue to
protect your security and we promise to
accept your rules on the environment and
labor laws and we
pay you for the privilege the e we know
how they would react to that they'd have
said quick quick get them to sign before
the idiots come to their senses
so the fact that they're not prepared to
do that makes me wonder whether there is
any readiness to do a deal on their side
and that's why I think it would be crazy
not to prepare for a No Deal scenario
Andrew adonus you want to respond well
what's interesting is that Daniel like
many of the bricks stirs is now starting
to blame the EU for the fact that we're
brick sitting because there's the
problems that he's just described how to
do it brexit itself he described one
vision of brexit but there are 101 other
visions of brick suits the he has said
now that what the Prime Minister's
trying to negotiate which is leaving the
customs union leaving the single market
in negotiating a very complex and
difficult arrangement on Ireland to see
that there isn't a border between
Northern Ireland and the Republic of
Ireland he has said that in his view
that's unacceptable well that's one
version of bricks that he doesn't like
he's put forward one that he does like
the truth is two years ago when people
voted in the referendum they were voting
with a whole load of different options
for what leave might mean now that the
chickens are coming home to roost it's
clear that it's not possible to deliver
a brexit that works what Daniel is
seeking to do is to write the history
books and to blame the EU for its well
what I'm seeking to do and those of us
who are trying to hold the middle ground
in the debates in England is is to do
what I think is the right thing now
which is to put the issue back to the
people and say look you clearly didn't
vote for any of this you didn't vote to
be poorer you didn't vote for chaos you
didn't vote for a government that's now
talking about only six weeks of medical
supplies and food stockpiling you didn't
vote for a hard border in Ireland that
could bring back the troubles and the
return of paramilitary activity in
Northern Ireland you didn't vote for any
of these things so the right thing is a
people's vote a second referendum end
this nightmare and then we can get on
with our lives
without having to spend a lot of excess
well why not afford what do we make it
best of three why should we accept an
argument for another referendum from
people who by definition do not accept
referendum results I remember in the
run-up to the first one all of the
people who are now demanding a second
vote were loudest in insisting that that
was the final decision that had never
been either go John
major nick clegg paddy ashdown were all
on-air on the record saying there's
never gonna be another go at this think
about what you're doing let me jump in
there voted for breaks it then I didn't
do one second tell me I get your
argument there about you know where does
it where do you draw the line but you
yourself having once referred to a
second referendum movement as a doomsday
cult not long ago have now are now
saying correct me if I'm wrong that
you're so opposed to the UK staying in a
customs union which is with the Labour
Party once then you would prefer a
second referendum even to that so even
you were open to the idea of another
referendum as much as your being snarky
about it because no no that what what
would happen here is if that were to be
the case we would have effectively had a
group of MPs and peers who had
frustrated the referendum result who had
deliberately gone for an unacceptable
result it with the overt aim of
overturning it so the biggest vote for
anything in British history would have
been overturned by our politicians base
it's worth just spending a moment on why
that is such an appalling outcome and
why the people who are pushing for it
really know this if Britain stays in the
customs union as a non-member we give
Brussels 100% control of our trade
policy with 0% input from us and in fact
is even worse than that if you're in a
customs union with the EU as a
non-member then whenever the EU does a
trade deal with a third country say the
EU did a trade deal with India Britain
would have to match every concession
made by the EU but India under WTO term
under WTO rules would only have to
reciprocate visa fee the EU not visa v
Britain now I don't believe that any
remainder or Liva can possibly think
that that is a good outcome yeah well I
I've got a question for Daniel then
because actually as it happens I agree
with him I'd much rather stay in the EU
than have an arrangement where we were
kind of vassal states and obliged to
impose custom point is you cannot keep
happy I'm a favor
but where'd you draw the line Daniel
after yours I'm not talking about a
referendum after a referendum I'm
talking about a referendum on whatever
deal to resume comes backwards because
we're actually faced with the actual
reality of a cliff edge at the moment
when I talk about a hypothetical
situation and actually the great
majority
of the public now agree a poll show that
they should take that decision on
whether or not we go over this cliff
edge or whether we stop it and stay in
the EU whose point is Daniel that he
wants a second referendum because now
you've got something to vote on he's in
the reality that you guys did this whole
thing backwards you did a vote on brexit
without knowing what it looks like
without doing the deal without offering
all these different proposals of customs
unions checkers EEA etc isn't the point
that you did it backwards so now yeah
you do have to do a deal especially when
polls show the majority of public now
don't support pulling out of the EU
they've switched according to the latest
polls well that's what the polls showed
before the first one right and and and
look how that worked out I mean first of
all a second referendum wouldn't solve
anything because the majority people
would boycott it on the perfectly valid
grounds that it invalidated all of the
promises made in the first one because
we were told repeatedly by the
government by the opposition by all of
the the people now demanding a second
vote that that was a final decision that
they'd never be another go so it would
be absurd to legitimize people trying to
undo the promise on which the first one
was taken lord adonus knows perfectly
well what he's doing by demanding a
second referendum he is encouraging the
EU quite overtly in his case to offer
the worst possible deal in the hope of
Oh returning it okay and we've been
waiting come in Andrew we're encouraging
the get a second referendum Daniel says
no that's absolutely absurd because
because if it doesn't go to a people
spoke Parliament still has to decide
what to do with trays amazed agreement
tres debate doesn't have a majority in
the House of Commons so if what the EU
is seeking to do was to game the
decision to give us the worst possible
terms and hope that they're rejected
they would do that anyway the reason
that I want people's vote is I think
this issues of such magnitude that it
should go to the people because it
started with the people with the
referendum two years ago but the every
time that that Daniel opens his mouth he
says something very significant which is
at variance with what most of its
colleagues say I took him to be saying a
moment ago that he thinks that people
who voted to leave two years ago should
boycott a referendum on the terms of
brexit he said that there will be a mass
boycott of the referendum could he
answer the question is he calling for
people who are in favor of leaving the
to boycott a referendum and therefore to
make to try and make democracy
inoperable in Britain is that what he's
saying what's making democracy
inoperable is holding a referendum where
the government sends a leaflet to every
household in the lamp saying whatever we
wear you vote that we will implement
your decision
I don't remember lorded onus or anyone
else on the remain side dissenting from
that when the Prime Minister of the time
said there is no second vote make sure
that you think about this one okay let's
get a quick answer yes or no are you
calling for a mass boycott are you
predicting one which one a second
referendum would be utterly illegitimate
and I mean I don't know what other
people would do but I would not vote in
a second referendum we just had a
reference hold you encourage other
people that illegitimate ii refined my
own view is that if you're dealing with
that situation with the british people
have given a very clear mandate and the
the unelected peers and the elites then
turn around and try and undo the biggest
mandate that we've ever had for anything
that we should not play that game we
should just say no we've already voted
we're not having any more to do with
okay and your question you also -
concede surely you concede that another
referendum which produced a stay in vote
would basically destroy a huge amount of
trust in British politics from the
people who voted to leave the EU in 2016
they would say we went to vote in 2016
we were told our vote would be respected
and now the good old politicians got
together and basically cancelled that
our democratic vote that's clearly an
absurd proposition because the people
can't betray the people what will happen
in this case is that having looked at
the terms of brexit so is actually a
different question from the one two
years ago
they'll have seen the terms of brexit
they'll have seen that many of the
things that Daniel Hannan told us would
happen two years ago because everything
was going to be milk and honey when we
did directs it they haven't happened and
they've reached a judgement to be formed
hold on they will do by the time we have
the referendum Daniel because that's the
whole purpose of having it is that movie
actually see what tourism a comes back
from Brussels which we the first time
we've seen it because two and a half
years after the last referendum she
still hasn't negotiated anything when we
actually see that we the people then
the chance not the elites you're talking
about we the people then get the chance
to give our view on it Daniel let me ask
you this question Daniel because you
came on the show in 2016 during the
referendum campaign you made the case
very eloquently at the time for brexit
you your side won the referendum but
clearly if somebody had called for a
second referendum a week afterwards we
would laugh them out of town but given
two years later things haven't quite got
a good hold on but where we are now
well Daniel no no no : be fair where we
are now you know very well we have
reports from the National Farmers Union
saying food might run out doctors saying
there might be a medicine shortage the
government saying we may have to deploy
troops to the border you know that this
is not how it was supposed to go there's
no deal in sight there might be a no
deal bricks northern northern island was
not debated in the referendum campaign
the way it is now with there may be
violence again in Northern Ireland which
three-quarters of English conservative
voters say they're fine with as long as
BRICS happens things have changed and
surely you must concede that you must
have some you must be able to look back
and say this is not quite what we
promised I I think it is extraordinary
chutzpah for people who immediately
after the referendum started working to
undermine it started signaling to
Brussels so they should hang tough and
not concede anything we had three senior
British politicians writing an article
this week in a German newspaper saying
don't concede anything to Theresa May
because hang in there and we'll have a
second referendum so people who have
spent the last two years attempting to
undermine any kind of settlement now
have the front to turn on and say oh
it's not going very well we'd better
have a second vote I think the public
will see through that but it's not going
well can you at least concede that much
no I'm absolutely I'm absolutely
confident that we will look back on
brexit as the right decision the
European project is like a conveyor belt
going in an undesirable direction
towards more centralization more
integration fiscal harmonization
military Union all the rest of it brexit
was a decision to step off that conveyor
belt and within a few years we'll look
back and we'll wonder what took us so
long and do you have confidence in your
prime minister a woman who did not
support brexit and it has lost a
confidence and a lot of Conservative MPs
and voters do you have confidence in her
to deliver that brexit she won't to
deliver precisely the bricks it
I wanted but I have no doubt that bricks
it will still leave us better off than
remaining wood and bricks it's gonna
happen isn't it that's the reality and
shouldn't you get on board rather than
trying to undermine it
I think Daniel Hanna is on another
planet if he thinks that people are
gonna look back and see this is anything
other than a disaster but we're a
democracy we still have the opportunity
until next March to put an end to this
nightmare that's where the public is and
that's why I believe that the right
course is a people's vote and if there
is a people's votes then I think that
breaks it will be overwhelmingly
rejected when people see one penguin and
realize that their jobs are in jeopardy
that they're going to be that they're
going to be poorer that there's the
danger of renewal of paramilitary
activity in Northern Ireland if there's
a new boarder and our defense and our
security in jeopardy as well we'll have
to leave it there this story isn't going
away but Android onus Daniel Hannan
thank you both for joining me on upfront
there are some who say my next guest
represents the future of the Democratic
Party who Leon Castro a former mayor in
Texas and Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development under Barack Obama has been
talked about as a future presidential
candidate and was on Hillary Clinton's
vice presidential shortlist in 2016 in a
new book an unlikely journey waking up
from my American dream Castro tells the
story of how he and his twin brother
Joaquin now a US congressman both rose
to national prominence with historic
midterm elections around the corner
what's his vision for the Democrats in
an age of Trump who Leon Castro thanks
for joining me on upfront in your new
book you describe your shock at Trump's
election back in and November 2016 and
you've said that people were quote
trying to send the message about their
frustration with Washington DC but don't
really mean their frustration with the
people in power in Washington DC which
was your boss then President Barack
Obama well every now and then people
will throw the middle finger at
Washington DC and you'll have a massive
change election and there have been
times when that has benefited Democrats
and times when that's benefited
Republicans you know we have to remember
that Hillary Clinton still got 2.8
million more votes than Donald Trump in
that election and so really it was your
concerns that certain parts of the
country had more than others and Donald
Trump did a good job politically of
appealing to certain folks of raising
dog whistles so but is there is the
corollary to that that the Democrats
failed to reach those people in the same
way that Trump did it was a failure on
the part of the Democratic campaign well
in 2016 you know the the the election
results speak for themselves right I
mean we didn't win Michigan we didn't
win Ohio we didn't win Pennsylvania and
so of course there was a failure there
to persuade enough folks that President
Obama had persuaded just four years
earlier but I think overall that the
Democratic message of trying to create
opportunity for everybody of making sure
that folks get health care of investing
in things like brain power
education that more people believed and
believe now in that so you don't agree
with someone like Senator Bernie Sanders
who lost the Democratic primaries to
Hillary Clinton who said that the
Republicans didn't win in 2016 the
Democrats lost he says that's his line
well I think you know I agree that there
ways that we can make sure that we
motivate folks more to get out and vote
and that anybody would acknowledge their
improvements to be made from 2016 going
into 2018 and 2020 what I think we can't
say with the same confidence is whether
with a different nominee there would
have been a different result I think
that's just yeah I don't think you can
say that you spend a lot of time
discussing immigration in your book and
you're extremely critical of Trump's
cruel immigration policy of course
family separations at the border putting
kids in cages you're based in Texas how
bad is the situation right now at the
border in your view well they're kind of
two ways to answer that number one
Donald Trump has painted this picture of
a crime ridden border zone this place
where people are coming across the
border like crazy and border crossings
are near a 40-year low and those border
cities in my home state at least at
Texas like El Paso and McAllen
Brownsville a few others are some of the
safest cities for places their size in
the United States and so you know he's
sold a lot of Americans a bill of goods
with respect to the border and then
secondly how bad is it well for those
kids that are sleeping in the detention
centers in that Borneo camp near El Paso
that are separated from their parents
that are crying out for them every night
that are going to be traumatized for
life it's a horrible situation I
consider that an abuse of human rights
what they're doing I consider it
state-sponsored child abuse and
basically kidnapping of kids from their
parents and so from that standpoint
Donald Trump is an abysmal failure when
it comes to treating people the way that
they should be treated so it's great to
hear politicians such as of making some
noise about what's going on
is outrageous what's happening at the
board and you say it's state-sponsored
child abuse isn't the problem though
that when Democrats like yourself speak
out against this a lot of people say
well hold on you first have to reckon
with your own record in office President
Obama was called DePorter in chief by a
lot of immigration rights groups he
deported more people from the US than
all of the u.s. presidents of the 20th
century put together more than 2 million
people and when unaccompanied children
came to the u.s. in 2014 he didn't take
kids from their parents so the policy
has Trump did but he did put kids in
detention where some of them were abused
according to recent reports that that
reckoning has to happen doesn't it
within the Democratic Party with that
part of the Obama record I think that
you have to look at the totality of a
record there were also a lot of folks
progressives Democrats and I think most
proudly a lot of the dreamers the
activists who pushed to the
administration in 2011 2012 13 14 to
implement daca and then to implement
dhaba the way that President Obama and
the administration handled a lot of
these issues was night and day compared
to the Trump administration and I think
it's fair to say that the Obama
administration got better and better in
terms of how it dealt with the issue of
immigration has undeniably true and I
think immigration agree but the reality
is children were detained under Obama
children ended up being abused in
detention under Obama and lots of people
innocent people who were not convicted
of major crimes were deported some of
them were killed after being deported
that it doesn't need to be some
expression of regret apology from the
Democrats that if we're going to attack
Trump on this rightly so we need to also
be a bit more critical of our own
records I mean I think people were
critical during that time both within
the administration did you raise
concerns and the both in fact I talked
about in April of 2014 the fact that I
said that I was not comfortable at the
time with the way that the
administration was handling the issue of
immigration but yeah I mean I think what
you see you think Obama do you think a
future Democratic administration should
pledge not to do what Trump or Obama did
and put kids in detention under any
circumstances
I think that a future administration
should say we're gonna find a different
way to do this we're gonna find a way
that both both is humane and keeps
families together and ensures that we
don't inflict the kind of trauma that
the Trump administration is inflicting
on these kids and then also of course
meets the needs of border security and
we can do both of those things and one
of the ways Trump is inflicting trauma
is by using ice immigration and customs
enforcement basically as a kind of you
know some have called a secret police
whatever you want to call it a Gestapo
yeah going into churches courthouses
rounding up all sorts of people who
shouldn't be rounded up a lot of
Democrats are now saying abolish ice
including leading senators do you
support that move to abolish ice I
support figuring out how to reconstitute
that division and I know that it's
somebody who headed a federal agency
that these divisions of the federal
government get improved and get
reconstituted all the time
and so to think that this division of
the federal government is somehow
synchro sankt yeah it's just not true
I'm confused it's just when you say
reconstitute is abolition installing
what you're talking about is that we're
no longer gonna have any kind of
enforcement then I would say no you're
always going to have border enforcement
however if what you mean is are we gonna
have the same kind of tactics the same
kind of culture the same kind of abuses
that we've seen or even the same sort of
structure that we've seen but not
replace no I'm saying that the do the
the I think that ice can be reconfigured
reconstituted okay just before we finish
you haven't exactly been shy about your
own presidential aspirations right now
you have a democratic field of
frontrunner of some pretty big names
like vice president former vice
president joe biden senators Elizabeth
Warren and Bernie Sanders how do you
expect to break through when you have
these kind of big hitters already
staking out their places in the field
I'm gonna make a decision after November
as to whether I'm gonna run or not if I
make a decision to run then I don't
worry about that
I believe that when I start talking to
folks there and those early States and
talking about my vision for the future
of the country that I'll do great and if
it is Warren or Sanders or Biden one
thing they all have in common all
excellent politicians in different ways
is they're all white and there will be
in their 70s do you think actually in
2020 the Democrats should be putting
forward a person of color who is younger
I believe that the next nominee is gonna
be somebody who's the opposite of Trump
and so it's gonna be somebody that's
trying to unite people instead of divide
people somebody that is focused on the
future instead of the past somebody that
seen is honest instead of corrupt and
someone I think what about someone who
is left enough for the Democratic base
is that you you've been called a
pragmatist in the past do you think your
progressive enough for what it's quite a
left-wing Democratic base right oh I
believe that if I decide to run that I'm
gonna be fine in that regard yeah I
don't have a concern about that I do
think that that whether the issue is
health care or tax policy and so forth
that the next nominee is going to be
somebody that captures the spirit of
where we are right now as Democrats and
and there are a number of people that
are very talented that are looking at
that in that race so more than anything
else whether I run or not I'm glad that
we're gonna have just a whole bunch of
folks up there and a lot of people to
choose from and the question of you what
happens if you and your brother Joaquin
both end up running for president one
day
because how would that work I mean I
wrote a book about Miliband
he was a Labour leader who ran against
his brother David Miliband that didn't
work out so well for both brothers I'm
just worried do you guys have an
arrangement that you're one bit older so
you'll run in 2020 and he'll try if you
don't we are more like the Klitschkos
than the Miliband okay we're not gonna
fight each other
Julian Castro thank you for joining me
on upfront throughout that's our show
upfront we'll be back next week
you
