for a broad range of childhood cancers
in America black and Hispanic children
are more likely to die than white
children a new study helps explain why
it found the difference is largely a
matter of money the biggest risk to your
health in America it's not diabetes it's
not smoking it's not obesity all the
things you hear about all the time not
even close the biggest risk to your
health in America is poverty the study
published on Monday in the medical
journal cancer found it for 9 of 12
types of cancer black and Hispanic
children were significantly more likely
to die than white children black
children were nearly twice as likely to
die of a type of brain cancer called
astrocytoma as white children
socioeconomic status can be the
difference between death and a
prosperous life
just ask Chicago Cubs baseball star and
childhood cancer survivor Anthony Rizzo
do this study by Rush University Medical
Center found similar results white women
with breast cancer were far more likely
to survive than black women and while
genetic differences among races can
explain the disparity in some diseases
researchers say there is often no
genetic explanation at all dr. paul kent
says his experience in the hospital and
in his own family where three of his
five children are minority confirms the
study's findings well this is right on
the money that the race in America often
is a marker for disadvantage or in other
things I have three african-american
kids that are not any disadvantaged
because I'm a wealthy physician and
they're well educated in a in a
different community with access to
everything so it's not the race it's the
opportunity in that opportunity he says
can make all the difference John Hendren
al Jazeera Chicago
