and still it rains the downpours are
less heavy less frequent and shorter
than they were but in Kerala they are
still coming to people here fresh rain
lengthens the time they'll have to stay
in a camp there are more than 5,000
across Kerala although really camp is
two grand a word they're simply
community halls and schools which have
opened their doors and quickly filled
with people and each evacuate as a
similarly harrowing story the water has
destroyed everything we had it was up to
my neck it even took my cows everything
at home is lost and here there is
nothing to do what can we do
it's hot in this hall there's no privacy
or dignity some here were evacuated on
Thursday and have now spent four days
living this public squalid life others
were rescued only on Sunday having spent
four days and nights on the rooms or
upper floor to their flooded homes both
groups are equally exhausted the
exhaustion shows but there is enough
food here enough drinking water to and
medicines volunteer doctors at this
Center say they haven't yet seen
outbreaks of disease there are not many
communicable disease or something like
that which is being spreading because we
are also giving prophylactic medicines
as such so we are really working hard
for that the people's mental health is
suffering everybody is simply sad
India's air force on Monday distributed
dramatic video of a toddler's rescue but
most emergency evacuations are over and
after the drama reality hits Andrew
Thomas al-jazeera perumal Karen
