night falls in Managua for the last
three months that's been the signal for
frightened residents to hurry home an
unofficial curfews ruled Nicaragua has
protesters man Street barricades while
government forces and armed paramilitary
groups hunt them down but in the last
few days the captain's nightlife has
begun to emerge again a few brave the
souls are starting to venture out in the
relief at restaurants like Latakia is
palpable this place could have closed
down and we would have been without a
job there's about 50 people that depend
on it the barricades have been destroyed
the armed masked groups are less visible
than before but that doesn't mean all is
well everyone we talked to said they're
still scared
he thought there would be that to be
safe we just cross from our house
opposite this place there's still
paramilitaries around at 6:00 at night
we head home and that's it we're not
safe in this country protests continue
demanding the president's resignation
but Daniel Ortegas government insists
that everything's going back to normal
so the pictures are dear in terms of
people enjoying themselves in
restaurants in discos in bars at 10:00
11:00 at night so I believe is the
progressive thing not only half chimed
with what we saw him and I were outside
of the capital locals and journalists
told us the streets are even quieter and
more tense the government desperately
trying to get the barn restaurant seen
in the capital going again easing up
restrictions on liquor stores and then
in bars open up till 5 in the morning
but there's no quick fix to regain trust
with locals and foreign visitors tourism
operators say that will take years
and that's only if the fragile calm in
the country holds John Holman al-jazeera
Manawa
