when dr. Reddy bass started complaining
about millions of missing dollars of
public money in 2013 he says he was
repeatedly threatened and assaulted one
time by the police they were following
me he was a counselor here in the Free
State in South Africa he says the police
stopped him right here at the gate of
his farm they were having firearms they
shorted me with three bullets the funds
were meant to set up a dairy farm to
help black farmers doctor says they were
being stolen
it's almost normal for the government
officials to to steal from the poor but
this project was so big in such a way
that you can't rest and prosecutors say
these men were involved in the alleged
corruption three Indian businessman the
gupta brothers during the rule of former
President Jacob Zuma who was an
associate the brothers were implicated
in numerous corruption scandals and
accused of trying to take control of the
state zoomer and the Guptas denied the
accusations the dairy farm was just one
of the scandals the project raised
questions right from its very start the
provincial Department of Agriculture
supported it it said that this entrance
cost two hundred thousand dollars to
build we're not allowed past here but
the building down there was meant to be
a milk processing plant it's never
worked and of the 18 million dollars of
public money given to support the
project prosecutors say almost all of it
ended up in bank accounts of companies
connected to the Guptas and their
associates Zuma resigned in February
that the farm hasn't been much activity
since the detectives have been busy
investigating some of the scandals that
the Kutcher's lawyer told us he's
already shown that they're not connected
to the company's involved with the farm
it was established that the allegations
made by the police and by the National
Prosecuting Authority was simply
incorrect based on a complete
misconception of their own case and in
some instances just false South Africans
are waiting to see if they'll ever be
accountability for the corruption
scandals of the Zuma yes political
opposition say the public lost
billions of dollars david checker lost
his son moses checker was a public
auditor investigating the dairy farm in
2013 until he was abducted tied to a
pickup truck and dragged down the road
badly injured he was taken to the
hospital I'll feel a bit down with it
they called me and asked me to hurry to
the hospital Moses had passed on when we
got into the ward he was still on the
stretcher he says the inquest into Moses
death stalled police say it's ongoing
millions may be missing Moses tried to
stop it and paid the highest price of
all Malcolm Webb al-jazeera
Free State South Africa
