it is lamb season in Libya like other
Muslim countries most offal mangoush
hurries to guarantee one for his family
his making sure it is old enough to
sacrifice during the idul adha holiday
he says it used to be affordable to buy
a sheep that weighs 40 kilogram but now
prices are very high initial what they
took us months to save the lamb price in
fact many people can't even afford to
buy one this year is worse than the
previous years
banks are struggling with a shortage of
currency and people queue up for long
hours to cash they're delayed salaries
some lamb traders are even accepting
checks and credit cards but they often
charge high interest rates sheep markets
are everywhere in Libya these days but
yet the prices are very high
an average land here is valued at around
700 dollars that's largely because
during the last three years the Libyan
DNR has lost much of its value oil
exports are the backbone of Libya's
income but fighting in the East has led
to the blockade of four major oil ports
for almost four years there has wasted
more than a hundred billion dollars
according to estimates the Central Bank
of Libya has approved around 100 million
dollars to import lambs but because this
decision was made late several shipments
have not arrived on time for the holy
day
Dola mu Schaefer I thought what hey Anya
the state does not care about domestic
livestock sheep have been smuggled to
Egypt and Tunisia we can't be blamed for
the high prices of the prices of fodder
we buy has increased 200% Libya is rich
in natural resources experts say it can
grow more than its share of livestock
but many here say mismanagement and crop
shann forced them to compromise even on
religious obligations Mahmoud Abreu
ahead al Jazeera Tripoli
