the bomb used by the saudi-led coalition
in an attack that killed 40 children in
Yemen earlier this month was made in the
US that's according to media reports
there have been growing calls from
politicians in Washington to track
american-made weapons that are being
used in the conflict in the Middle
East's poorest country the US is the
main supplier of arms to the UAE and
Saudi Arabia and provides logistical and
intelligence support to their military
campaign in Yemen let's speak to Michael
Cruikshank he's a journalist who wrote
about the weapons used in the air strike
he's joining us via Skype from Berlin
thanks for speaking to us and when we
refer to that air strike we are talking
about the one that targeted the the Han
area and that happened on August the 9th
what can you tell us about that
particular bombing what you analyzed and
the munition used in that bomb so what
we can say is that the bombing happened
on the morning of the 9th and he
targeted an area very close to a market
in the center of the city also along its
busiest street at a time when there was
significant amount of traffic along that
street as we can see tragically at least
50 people lost their lives including
more than 14 children and when social
media activists on the ground have been
posting pictures of what they say of
fragments of the bomb that was used in
the attack and one particular of those
fragments was a fin from allegedly from
the stubs found at the site and his fin
allowed us to track where this form was
from and he included something called a
cage code which is used by the Defense
Logistics Agency in order to track its
items around the world and so this cage
code led us back to paveway to bomb that
was built by Lockheed Martin however the
question remains whether this particular
fin that was shown in pictures from
social media activists whether this was
indeed from the bomb site or whether it
was
their domain today yeah my next question
to you because there have been a chance
or is there a chance at all that this
fin was deliberately placed there there
is a chance however the damage that we
have seen is consistent with the kind of
munition that that field that that fin
was from however you are correct in
saying that there is still a chance that
it could have been placed there by a
third party what do you make of the
Saudi response know however that the
coalition had hit a legitimate military
target during that attack sorry yes I
certainly don't believe that this was a
legitimate military target even if this
was the boss that there was that they
were allegedly targeting was a military
target it was in the middle of a
civilian area very densely packed
civilian area with many vehicles that
would be easily visible from an aircraft
that was over the area so they were
targeting anything in the middle of this
busy street next very close to a market
would still have been an illegitimate
target due to the fact that there was no
way they could civilian casualties from
the assault your attacks you're
obviously covering the story quite
closely and there are reports that there
is growing pressure in the u.s. among
some congressmen to put pressure not to
sell weapons to Saudi Arabia anymore do
you think that that has any legs isn't
going to go anywhere it's very difficult
to say and to say at this stage in the
past there have been moves to restrict
the sale of these ammunitions to Saudi
Arabia and other Gulf states however
since in my understanding is since the
the Trump administration has since
changed those rules and the sales all
these munitions are now back on so I we
can the politically current political
environment in the United States it's
difficult to see how these moves would
have any effect in the short term all
right so Michael Cruikshank we thank you
for speaking to us via Skype thank you
thank you
