Oh
Japan Land of the Rising Sun a nation of
contrasts where modern technology and
time-honored culture coexist side by
side
Japan remains a traditional society with
strong social hierarchies
but many traditions are under pressure
as a younger generation turned to
outside influences and ideas
here in this predominantly Buddhist
society Islam is taking root among some
Japanese some of whom will be journeying
to Mecca for the annual Hajj pilgrimage
amid the hustle and bustle of daily life
in Japan's capital Tokyo the Muslim call
to prayer can be heard each day in a few
corners of the city
there are about 50 mosques in Japan and
there are some 100 masalas or communal
prayer rooms like this one in the Tokyo
suburb of Saitama it was built more than
15 years ago by Bangladeshi Muslim
workers many of whom made Japan their
home the young man here on the left is
the only ethnic Japanese member of their
congregation
his name is kubo-san he is 26 years old
and lives about two hours outside of
Tokyo ku busan is the only child in his
family and lives with his parents
married a year after year as me
Tokyo taxpayer academia shitty psycho
korekara CEO guitar percussion guitar
Otoko
so yahoo yoshi okay doctor Katamari
mercenary to Tecate basu genius on their
Koenig Anacapa like most Japanese
caboose on was brought up in the
spiritual traditions of Shinto and
Buddhism
Shinto is the indigenous religion of
Japan and throughout history it has
provided the backbone of Japanese
culture the Shinto faith Revere's nature
there are no sacred icons or books and
no group worship instead followers draw
their deities from nature worshipping
the rocks trees wind and Sun after the
Second World War
Shinto suffered a setback when the
emperor was forced to renounce his
divinity as the Living God but while a
sense of religion may have decreased
after the war many Japanese still
professed their belief in both Shinto
and Buddhism the Japanese are an
intensely private people especially when
it comes to matters of religion
the government endorsed nebari
my courses in floor
some Yamaha Yamaha no calendar is
Ramananda takara tomy mastani Tamia pari
amoeba nakahara nitrogen como Stoughton
one like a Hydra Network adamandmandana
Casa de gallo physical soy yakumo
cheetah scale kimochi so you know
economy since Takara Pascal our CEO
Cardinal country masters Imam or that
some not your dynasty rotational
daughters ridiculous
one of those who helps caboose on better
understand Islam
Ezra dock in Maui who this year will be
helping caboose on undertake the Hajj
pilgrimage to Mecca
we have no religion before radar came on
the scene few if any has pilgrims from
Japan made it to Mecca
Colleen stuff Colleen Nestle Holly
another Magnum condom and business can
lemon sure let me open fear and the
markets let me confer nasty Tiki action
the rattle costs stop early LLL market
my selfishness and with the don't
fulfill my wish mostly mean maybe she
had the right head fault alumina let's
map deeply lesson habit yeah hot on our
linear but it hadn't he came Nora Rudo
is Egyptian and was a lawyer in Cairo
before he came to Japan in his twenties
he worked for a travel agency and
decided to branch out to form his own
agency to take care of Japanese Muslim
pilgrims it was an uphill struggle from
the start
made all the more difficult when the
Saudi authorities said they did not
believe him I'm Remus man if you must
Emilio been an enormous man and if he
had chameleon
Nanaia Benny and elegance Elia Pinilla
Alabama cilia well Nora I'm a regular
bunny I rely on Kim girls over winter
shockula chemistry nam Dunamis man you
must immediately
is looking shoe when not using
we have to go do the Jamaat on foot
sometimes when you arrive did your
procedure takes about three hours
sometimes take 12 hours sometimes like
last year I myself had to stay in the
same seat for 16 hours reader persisted
in his quest to help pilgrims from Japan
to Mecca five years on the travel agency
he set up is one of only two registered
companies that have been sanctioned by
the Saudi government to organize hajj
pilgrimage 'as for Japanese Muslims over
the years Reda has managed to increase
the number of Muslim pilgrims from Japan
performing the Hajj his goal is that the
majority of these pilgrims will be
ethnic Japanese now we're taking about
90% foreigners and 10% Japanese my dream
is to make it opposite is to make a 20
percent original Japanese and maybe 99%
original Japanese and 1% for foreigner
is a part of Dawa haji is as quran says
as sinful merciful Hagia to courage
Eleonora Khalid Omar means you call the
people to go to Haji you make as an and
Allah bring them
is very long way to go but I can feel we
can do it and I'm lady to Allah to him
why should hidden could be the great Tom
Hillen the Shahada must conquer Finland
a la casa de la Gardie Hagar lady yes
sir to me Hal a subpoena
well autonomous for 1800 in an igloo in
Islam him
yeah aluminum the blue McDonald Muslim
initial fee
Islam is gradually establishing itself
in Japan converts like abdullah taki are
pioneering the way smack in the middle
of Tokyo's infamous red light district
in kabukicho is a little apartment that
has been converted into a communal
prayer room 36 year old abdullah taki
leads the prayers here when he was
younger he was into body piercing
but now he finds a new way to express
himself
he did inaudible a little shots even
conscious agony welcome sight to a coon
fishes you have a Quran he has you know
that well ayat Allah tease a girl huh
she sobbed Allah Allah I shall be near
ability barakah in recent decades the
Japanese have been exposed to other
religions both Orthodox and on Orthodox
the differ from Shinto Islam is still
considered relatively unfamiliar but in
recent years young Japanese men like
kubo-san and abdullah taki have been
drawn towards it
Abdullah works in a gadget shop in
central Tokyo his introduction to Islam
came unexpectedly
oh no Ben Kyoto motorists Runanga o mo
mata my destiny Makara yaku joining good
I'm a Jacuzzi angry muhammad ama super
dedicated solar module matazano
AHA man's body no performance team
Astana turkey me what the author a
dictator a photo array traceability good
and Nia me telephony I must some
welcoming your new home water he was on
oh hi Terry mustard semana homo Decatur
in a canoe Allah Mohammad Khatami Takeda
more so much attended a sua Madison
ceramic you Nanako parinacota
bodhicaryavatara a Kariba Islamic
University so this one optimal Barack
holds the decisive doing the new city in
2006 after spending many years reading
up on Islam and going to the mosque on
his own
Abdullah decided to take the step to
embrace Islam he undertook the Hajj
pilgrimage in 2007 it was the
culmination of his religious conversion
so Dennis ah no Akua meet hasta ahora su
no Cabo mini cannot even act so no
camino year
me cameo tightenin you could tell me
what a source of Hudson is on Christ
item and so Hudgens
so yes matazano DeStefano kunitake some
Makani hired my destiny us cocky yo so
no knock guidance no mccottry hide
amassed some say story Tony heightened
emotional cerebra know made me a massage
school kid Tony mascara to co-host
attack innocent area he has American
citizen to Nami geodetic imitation on
cabacas no katachi medium I taught a
banana cos serious oh no oh contains no
katachi do an act in an economy na mono
team oh no the Tottenham this is an
experience that new converts like ku
Busan want to go through themselves
caboose and conversion to Islam received
a mixed response at home no cassava taro
is remain okay stream of Connecticut
Emily McCoy taking yoga k2 meter
cretinous Maha Maha necropolis Ramon
Ottoman cacophony coast
Massimo Sumatra sermon sermon high-tech
autonomous ancillary mercy Caravan mama
she can take a listen
in a work oriented culture like Japan it
is difficult for Muslims holding down
full-time jobs to go on the hajj
pilgrimage unable to get permission for
an extended leave period from his
employer kudou-san had to quit his job
to allow him the time to undertake the
Hajj practicing Islam in Japan remains a
challenge is Ramadan to mammalian
hominid home discussion destination is
evoking a sauropod Atacama Tiberi mono
no koto tadka Ramadan Squad and Stoker
Tuscany so it took erode accuracy nectar
and is an interesting secret Oh dr.
shalay to enhance academic smell a
couple more about of the semester that's
right to cover the snake
kubo-san comes from a society that is
famous for its advanced technologies and
for its materialistic values
yet underpinning this way of life is a
spiritualism that is often not
immediately obvious
so let's retest and okura destiny that
were connected it's not the Animus
genetic istick of our the history so no
luck edema is Rajas meta-study mastani
there's another column is Rama God only
on the texture is RAM cadonia and she
got back around got on mookie kayam that
one destroyed become not the castle
second or surrogate or the second a
chaotic at so in the his own coach
master i ceramic this window you
Chronicle swindle on track so you can
watch a master sora kara measurement
Boca Chica Italian the sky Kariba so I
know yonder mastani
so you kill Mia Mortimer star
like Abdullah kuba sounds contact with
Muslims in Japan started mainly with the
expatriate Muslim community
here in Tokyo's kami mosque a diverse
Islamic community gathers in worship
each friday muslims originating from the
Middle East and Asia pray together in
this beautiful mosque modeled on the
Blue Mosque in Turkey
for caboose on the interaction and
friendships with these foreign Muslims
help him better understand Islam
so the cinematic persica to economists a
ceramic you know schlepper 18 ichika
Kyocera in ramadan dino danja key the
predominance keratin molecular energy ma
hassan ali has my karma marina in there
20 critical memory Muslimin optically
not the current image similarity so can
vary with a pine cone or new window he
took advantage touka-sama no memory
virginia perishable no say Katrina
record taking a star
it's the day of departure radar takes
the Express train to Narita Airport
where the pilgrims are waiting for him
he runs a one-man show handling the
travel and logistical needs of a hundred
and twenty pilgrims thirty of them
already left two days earlier
on this trip there are seven Japanese
Muslims going along all of them for the
first time
I will give you the bubble back I will
collect from everybody for the chicken
for kubu sir
this moment is something he has been
waiting for since he became a Muslim
it is
for ridda it's a continuation of the
mission he began five years ago for me
is like when you put the seed in the
field and I look at it and you see it
growing up I can see now something
coming out from the seat but is not a
tree it is very easy to be broken now
but who is all those people support I
think 10 years 20 years from now maybe
I'm not here but I can see there is
organization would take care of the Haji
as Ministry of Hajji in Singapore or
Indonesia
caboose on is on his way to Mecca one
individual who will be part of the
largest annual pilgrimage in the world
he expects his own Road to Hajj will
help him reaffirm his Muslim identity
and inspire him in the way he has chosen
purmamarca manifold optimization
destination she became a serratura
comedy monologue Apodaca Ramadan
students toka Toscana so it occurred a
Kia Sorento a mystery meat Western
education attorney Holmes academic smell
a cop on a cattle industry arthritis
name demo most obscure context in
architecture not personal astrology
monotony so usually say cattle chirality
a homogeneous solution of acetic acid
water to go so you know your thunder and
I told an economist until them
