traffic accidents are usually the stuff
of local newscasts they seldom result in
international headlines but that's
what's happened in Bangladesh where two
road fatalities triggered weeks of
protests and then landed a renowned
photojournalist in prison Shaheed Ulala
has been arrested charged for making
false and provocative comments in an
interview on this channel al-jazeera
he criticized the alleged excessive use
of force on demonstrators who were
demanding road safety and he questioned
the legitimacy of Prime Minister Sheikh
Hasina's government there's a general
election coming up later this year and
the government has grown increasingly
intolerant of critical voices especially
those on the media space that finds most
difficult to control the internet the
authorities rely on a vaguely worded law
the information and communications
technology Act which can land anyone
publishing fake and obscene material
online behind bars and the effect on
journalism in Bangladesh has been
chilling our starting point this week is
Dhaka
Jonah's now my escape from Tucker is
shaved all a lime he is a photographer
and social activist I think the gunman
has miscalculated it it certainly felt
that fear was in that repression would
have been enough but I think you cannot
tame an entire nation in this manner as
a photojournalist shahe dual alarm
usually works with images not words and
when it comes to Bangladeshi politics
these days journalists must choose their
words very carefully in terms of why
this was seen as a threat he was
critical of the government the acting of
the media deck to judicial killings the
disappearances bribery at all levels
corruption in education it's a never
ending list he was critical of the
political system - beyond simply the
government this happened live on an
international television channel which
means vast the government's narrative
that the purse house everytime processes
occur suddenly could be challenged I
can't imagine any other person really
who would have been quite so articulate
and quite so straightforward in his
analysis of the Bangladesh critical
situation it's an unelected government
so they did not really have mandates the
rule but they've been thinking on my
brute force it was a perfectly cogent
legitimate critique of the Bangladesh
particular situation and I think that
the Bangladeshi authorities really just
could not stand the idea of an
articulate Bangladeshi speaking from
Bangladesh to the international
community about the political situation
in Malaysia such stark terms the
protests that set this story into motion
over the recurring issue of road safety
in Bangladesh and the deaths of two
students in particular quickly morphed
into something larger more
and with an election coming up later
this year it's a sensitive time students
came out to protest now this was a
nonpartisan thing with the students
saying that demanding safe streets and
it did begin to kind of build support in
Bangladesh the Bangladesh authorities
initially were quite sympathetic to this
they even promised to enact a new law
but when they began to feel that there
might be political opposition get also
joining into this or other dissidents or
other critics the crackdown was enormous
and that the fact that children in the
meeting on the streets really sparked
the outrage there are certain interested
quarters who tried to politicize this
whole movement and they were certain
three or four clashes in certain
quarters of Dhaka clashes with the law
enforcing agency and certain hoodlums
so that is a stray incidents which is
not acceptable but this is not a
crackdown on the children's movement the
government's approach is to control the
the narrative as well as the situation
situations they control with violence
narratives they control by silencing any
form of dissent so that the only message
you are guessing is what the governance
is saying it's led the airwaves with
that both remain stream and social media
being extremely coins to the governments
by saying what they say it's being
economic with the truth they they have
been lying out rights Bangladesh right
now is in the news for all the right
reasons the Bangladesh government has
taken in a nearly a million Rohingya
refugees the Prime Minister has been
recognized quite rightly for this effort
they do not want the international
community still know about the other bad
things that this government is doing and
therefore when when Shah aalam raised
those concerns they clearly felt that
this was undermining their image
internationally
when he goes to trial Shahid Ullom is
likely to be charged under the
information communications and
Technology Act a law passed long ago in
2006 Sheikh Hasina's government took
power in 2009 and amended the law four
years later the changes it made to
section 57 dealing with content that
people post online and the frequent
prosecution since have been criticized
by media watch NGOs outside Bangladesh
and protested by free speech activists
within the country online content there
is undeniably an issue some of it
dealing with politics and religion is
nasty and dangerous violence has
resulted people have been killed however
section 57 is so vaguely worded it
allows the authorities to prosecute the
government's critics easily and
selectively television the newspapers
they've controlled it journalists a
sense that what happens there
they don't really mind okay they've got
that under control so therefore people
have moved to social media as a way of
voicing criticism inevitably social
media will be misused by people it does
have the potential to incite violence
but what the government seems to be
doing is using as a pretext to clamp
down much more widely on any kind of
criticism as a way of intimidating and
scaring people so they won't comment on
social media in the future we have seen
free thinkers free thinking bloggers and
atheists being charged under this
whereas we have had members of the
government ministers high-ranking
officials we've had the Prime Minister's
own son who is seen as heir apparent
flood social media and mainstream media
with lies which have not been challenged
under this law if this is to be applied
universally to every single Bangladeshi
citizen they should they should be
charged too
shahe dual alarms case is unusual he's a
prominent figure so people are talking
about it but according to the NGO Human
Rights Watch dozens of government
critics opposition politicians academics
journalists and bloggers disappear every
year in what are called enforced
disappearances many of them turn up dead
are never seen again
and are never covered by the Bangladeshi
media it's no wonder the listening post
struggled to find journalists there to
speak to us for this story the only one
who did agree to talk did so on the
condition that we masked his identity we
are living under a regime which goes by
the name of a democracy really is not
the oppression of opposition voices
comes in different forms if someone
threatens the government they are
indicted and go to jail but in a lot of
cases people will be abducted without
any legal cases being filed and the
government will simply say those people
left their houses because they were
having problems with their wives or
girlfriends they do this so that people
will not blame the government and in
cases when a person is not very
prominent unlike mr. alarm who is very
well-known the newspapers will not
publish reports on his or her
disappearance
so the threat is very present you can
understand the fear the government is so
powerful
there are many nameless faceless
citizens who are subjected to the worst
kind of inhumanities in custody that we
can think of they are also less likely
to be ever freed due to the lack of any
form of pressure being exerted on their
behalf the likes of which we've seen for
show you the Ryland system
the arrest of Shahid ooh-la-la the
silencing of one voice the chilling of
others is something that the government
knew would draw criticism it's a price
that in an election year the authorities
were clearly willing to pay for a
message they seemingly wanted to send
the heat is on in Bangladesh and
journalists are among the many who are
feeling
