he sits quietly overlooking the city
his name is Andrey Christoph a former
slave who fought to free modern-day
Haiti from the French rule in 1804 a
statue honoring him is in one of the
main squares of the capital
port-au-prince in many ways it's
incredible it's still standing the 2010
earthquake reduced much of Haiti to
rubble 200,000 people killed 300,000
homes destroyed after the quake hundreds
of thousands of people took refuge in
parks and plazas right underneath the
very statues that are still standing
today through it all they remain
unscathed and often overlooked symbol of
the country's long history overcoming
hardships like the statue of
jean-jacques gasolene who helped fend
off incursions from the British and
Spanish before revolting against the
French occupation the first ruler of
Haiti after independence the Haitian
national anthem named after him every
time I look at this dessaline statue I
feel like doing a second revolution to
liberate our country a second revolution
is needed today but it's this statue
that often resonates the most with
Haitians a runaway slave completed by
Haitian sculptor in the 1960s it is one
of the most important pieces of art in
all of the Caribbean it's full of
symbolism a broken shackle hard-fought
freedom a machete the fight a shell at
his lips alerting the people to their
freedom these symbols represent the
glory of the past generations when we
look at them it's a reminder of what
they have done for us and what we can
accomplish for future generations
the statues unbreakable a trademark of
the Haitian people of today
Gabriel Sandow al-jazeera port-au-prince
