a gala opening night for a movie that's
breaking barriers the romantic comedy
crazy rich Asians is the first major
Hollywood film in a quarter century with
an all-asian cast director and executive
producer we all recognize the
significance but to be honest right now
as I'm talking you I feel nothing but
excitement the actors may be Asian but
the movies themes are universal family
love and money just the biggest
developers in all the crazy rich Asians
is based on the best selling novel by
Kevin Kwan who produced the film you
know I think it's important to
acknowledge that it's been way too long
since we've had an all-star Asian cast
in a Hollywood studio movie by the same
time this is the movie for everyone
Laurie Nakamura has already seen the
film once and she's back with friends
for a second viewing it's a wacky
rom-com but i think at the same time
it's also showing Asians in normal
situations just like everybody else
crazy rich Asians is in a way a
repudiation of Hollywood's sad history
of racist and stereotyped depictions of
Asians in film from the exploitative
kung-fu flicks of the 70s and 80s to
Mickey Rooney's performance in Breakfast
at Tiffany's Asians have been denigrated
and Asian actors passed over for leading
roles according to a recent study only
about 5% of Hollywood movie parts go to
Asian actors like Laura con amore just
really seems that there are a lot of
character parts out for ethnic you know
are people of color but there weren't a
lot of leading roles much of the hoopla
over crazy rich Asians is box-office
hype the idea that an all-asian cast is
some sort of novelty glosses over the
historic achievements of Japanese Korean
and Thai cinema among others but coming
after recent films like the superhero
hit
Black Panther and the charming animated
feature Coco crazy rich Asians seems to
be part of a long overdue trend I feel
like we are seeing a sea change though a
lot of Asian Americans have come out of
screenings they have this Susanna this
is like this urge to cry and they don't
know exactly why this movie is is for
them crazy rich Asians will open in
theaters worldwide in August and
September
Rob Reynolds al Jazeera Hollywood
