Sestero case Wow Rennie and his family
put everything into restoring this hotel
in Granada Nicaragua from ruins to the
splendor of its colonial past now he's
worried they could lose it all that will
be my dream totally collapse you know
that that will be mean I will have to
leave the country no because what will
be my future if I don't have all my my
you know my effort or my investment it's
in here you know Nicaragua's tourism
industry was booming since opening four
years ago Rennie had never had an empty
night until this April when protests and
a subsequent crackdown from police and
paramilitary groups changed everything
we have spent all week without anyone in
the hotel tourism has plummeted the
small hotels Association says
occupancies at down 80% the number of
flights is 1/2 and 1/3 of restaurants
are closed just about everyone in
beautiful colonial Granada has been
affected the city's famous for its
horse-drawn carriage rides but we're
only Osmonds fourth customers in the
whole month not only he but and raised
among Nikko are suffering yes yeah I
mean LuAnn but we've had to reduce the
animals food and their comforts he says
Granada is just trying to get back on
its feet but it's hard when you've got
reminders of the ongoing unrest like the
Town Hall badly gutted by fire and when
locals themselves still aren't sure if
it's safe to go out at night
the government's been accused of
whitewashing the crisis this week
bringing out a video called Nick and I
were always beautiful while protests
continue to rumble through the streets
they say they have to do something
instead of staying with their hands down
our message is that we're here we're
working we're working with whosoever
wants to work to develop this this
sector and to regain that dynamism that
this sector have had over the last 11
years that can't come soon enough for
Rene's hotel and the more than 20 staff
members he's had to lay off among them
Daisy who's struggling to provide for
her sick parents so I love me - I see
today the needs are the same but now the
money isn't there we have to pray it as
food medicine in basic bills that's not
going to stop and I'm struggling with it
in a couple of months I don't know what
we are going to do everyone we talked to
is hanging on for the next high season
in December if things don't improve by
then many say migration might be the
only option John Holman al Jazeera
Granada
