India's current Prime Minister was among
the last to lay flowers next to one of
its most respected then came the last
post at New Delhi's smithy style or
memory place atal bihari vajpayee body
was gently taken from its coffin and
laid on its pyre to the crack as
ceremonial gunfire the pyre was lit
earlier bajpai his body had been taken
on a procession through the streets of
New Delhi and he wants to everybody
25 roads in the centre of the capital
were closed to allow the crowd to gather
thousands of people have come through
here on their way to reach the funeral
route and this is just one of many ways
in among the official mourners is a
delegation from the incoming government
of Pakistan Imran Khan about to be sworn
in as Pakistan's new prime minister also
sent a message of goodwill saying
budget-wise death left a vacuum in the
subcontinent political arena match pie
is remembered fondly by most Indians his
period in office was one of strong
economic growth and investment in roads
and bridges it was also when India
became a nuclear power the tests he
oversaw in 1998 were controversial
internationally but popular at home
divisive though were 2002 s events in
Gujarat after a train carrying Hindu
pilgrims was set on fire killing 50 as
many as 2000 mostly Muslim men were
killed in riots many thought the state
government did little to stop them
Gujarat's then Chief Minister is today's
prime minister on Friday Narendra Modi
called H by his guru batch PI's
cremation marked the end of an Indian
political giant Andrew Thomas al-jazeera
