acquiesce came portents Cobras you see
either eight of the 13 candidates
battling to become the next president of
Brazil most of them already members of a
political establishment rocked by a huge
corruption scandal opinion polls suggest
that most voters don't trust any of them
would you concede youth it's hard to
choose the Brazilian paper are insecure
scared the campaigning starts today and
we don't know how to find an honest
politician someone to trust the process
is crazy this year nothing has been
defined it's difficult to be resilient
at the moment the outgoing president
Michel temer remover the takeover two
years ago and his predecessor German
Rousseff was impeached both he and his
party are deeply unpopular while brazil
struggles to emerge from recession this
is supposed to be the time when 140
million or so brazilian voters decide
who is best qualified to occupy this the
presidential palace instead they're
faced with legal contradictions
constitutional uncertainty and political
confusion it won't be easy the leading
candidate according to opinion polls is
still the former president released in a
saloon of a silver who is serving 12
years in prison for corruption he's
fighting to stand for both his political
and legal status are unclear the mangy
certainly if former president Lula is
allowed to run and if he wins the
elections we will have a severe
political problem because we will have
an elected president that most probably
won't be able to become the president
however it would also be a problem for
Brazil's democracy if flawless case is
treated differently to previous cases
suppose Lula supporters and opponents
are looking to the law for guidance
which so far is undecided Brazil faces
an issue created by the way the
Constitution is interpreted there is no
clarity about what the Supreme Court can
define
it's been a tumultuous few years in
Brazilian politics with voters now
hoping candidates in this campaign can
provide them with the clarity and
stability they crave
- wagner al jazeera brasilia
