when angela merkel meets Vladimir Putin
on Saturday it will be for the second
time in just three months on the table
are the conflict in Syria the situation
in Ukraine and the controversial Nord
Stream - gas pipeline under the Baltic
Sea but hanging over the meeting is this
statement from Donald Trump at July's
NATO summit captive to Russia because
it's getting so much of its energy from
Russia so we're supposed to protect
Germany energy Russia provides only
around half of Germany's annual energy
consumption most is in the form of
natural gas that is why the Nord Stream
- gas pipeline is so contentious it's a
network which when complete will
transport natural gas from Russia under
the Baltic Sea to Western Europe
bypassing the existing land-based
pipelines through Ukraine and it might
deprive the government in Kiev of as
much as three billion dollars a year in
revenue ministers in Kiev say the
project is purely political Moscow
insists it's just business
we have always treated this project as
exclusively economic we have always kept
this outside the scope of any political
process I would also like to say that
after the launch of Nord Stream to
stopping the movement of Russian gas
through Ukraine is not intended but
Russia's role in Ukraine continues to
concern
EU leaders notably angular Merkel
specifically Moscow's immovability over
the Minsk agreements which brokered a
ceasefire between government and
separatist forces we hope to move
forward on the issues of the Minsk
agreement with Ukraine and Russia France
and Germany took on responsibility many
years ago we are saddened that still no
day goes by without a violation of the
ceasefire but we don't give up hope and
we know that through this the
relationship with Russia could be
significantly improved Ukraine aside the
two leaders do have common grounds such
as in keeping the Iran nuclear deal both
share concerns about the Trump
administration's terror
and diplomacy but their relationship has
never been easy I think both sides have
accumulated a lot of skepticism mistrust
mutual reproaches and grievances that
overshadow their relationship which is
why few people in the German capital
expect any breakthroughs as a result of
this meeting Dominik came al-jazeera
Berlin
