new evidence of the Saudi crown prince's
possible involvement in Jamal keshavjee
disappearance as Washington Post
publishes his last article warning of
threats to the media how much of a
threat are journalists to Arab
governments this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Haslam seeker the case of missing Saudi
journalist Jamel Ashok ji has shocked
and captivated the world as information
trickles out over his disappearance and
alleged murder inside the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul beyond the
gruesome details at the core of this
story is a journalist who may have paid
the ultimate price for what he wrote and
reported keshavjee had warned that Saudi
Arabia could never be a democracy under
the current Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman he highlighted the plight and
struggles of journalists in his country
he said there was no space for free
speech with journalists and
intellectuals often jailed for
expressing their views or the Washington
Post published what they call Jamel
Ashok G's last article saying they have
accepted the fact that he will not
return safely in it keshavjee says Arab
governments have been given free rein to
continue silencing the media at an
increasing rate these governments whose
very existence relies on the control of
information have aggressively blocked
the internet they have also arrested
local reporters and pressured
advertisers to harm the revenue of
specific publications the Arab world is
facing its own version of an Iron
Curtain imposed not by external actors
but through domestic forces vying for
power
huggbees words and what may have
happened to him inside the Saudi
consulate highlight the threats to
journalists and media freedom so far
this year
57 journalists have been killed around
the world according to reporters without
borders the Middle East is the most
dangerous region in the world for
journalists the World Press Freedom
Index ranks several countries in the
region as having some of the worst human
rights violations when it comes to
censoring journalism this includes Saudi
Arabia Syria Turkey Iraq Iran and Egypt
and there are at least 159 journalists
in prison around the world a majority of
them in the Middle East
well let's bring in our guests now to
talk more about this joining us via
Skype from London is dr. sad ill fucky a
Saudi dissident who heads up the
opposition group movement for Islamic
reform in Arabia in Vienna we have a
Ravi Prasad director of advocacy with
the international press Institute and in
London also on skype David Hurst
editor-in-chief of Middle East I good to
have you all with us David Hurst if I
could start with you as far as the
latest we're hearing on the
investigation in as much as there is any
sort of information because the Turks
are certainly keeping their cards close
to the vest on this what are you met
what do you make of of the latest
developments on on what they found in
inside the the Saudi consulate and in
the Consul generals home and what
direction is this going in its going on
the outskirts of Istanbul to Belgorod
forest and the woodland in Ghazi
neighborhood the CCTV has traced the
movements of a one of the vans that was
registered to the consulate on
diplomatic plates the wood on itself is
a bit of a CCTV black spot but they've
caught the van the same van coming out
of the area and they're now combing the
forests for jamala Shoji's remains
they've also said they found evidence
from inside the Consulate General itself
they've been searching the grounds and
also the consul's house they haven't
released the contents of the tapes
although they've told journalists like
me and others about it but I haven't
actually listened to the tapes myself
that may follow and they have tried put
maximum pressure on Washington and also
on bin Salman
who are probably now in a state of panic
because so many details have actually
been released documented details exactly
who the 15 where the fact that they were
seven of them belonged to his close
bodyguards a special protection unit the
fact that these characters had turned up
in London on March the 8th and also
later in in April in France and who they
were and what they were doing the
details of the forensic doctor the
pathology specialist who cut her showed
his body up while he was still alive an
awful lot of detail has come out and the
counter-narrative one is that in never
took place that Jamar walked out within
20 minutes that has never been proved
and now another one that yes there was a
murder but it wasn't done or ordered by
bin Salman himself which anyone who
knows about the place and what has
actually happened since he came to power
and became the de facto ruler of Saudi
Arabia is a complete nonsense what is
the thinking then David behind the way
Turkey is handling all of this well
because we heard president Trump's
comments that were reported that he
suggested the Turks have declined to
share their evidence with the US
intelligence agencies Trump himself
saying we wanted we want to hear this
tape if it exists use his words does
this reluctance suggest that the Turkish
government is looking for some sort of
accommodation with with Saudi Arabia and
and the United States given the fact
that these are two important powers that
they don't want to rupture their
relationship with well I think what
Turkey is doing is trying to exert the
maximum amount of pressure through the
media and through public opinion on the
Oval Office
I'm not saying Americans is specifically
saying the guy in charge of the White
House
and the man that he chose to be really
his protege in the Middle East crown
prince bin Salman that that's the object
what Turkey is trying to do I think
quite a lot of evidence is stacking up
it's true they haven't released it yet
but that will just be probably a matter
of time there's also some degree of
cooperation from other sources it's not
complete of course but it's but it but
it's there and it's got nothing to do
with the Turks and that is a report that
was leaked to the New York Times that
the the American Secret Service's had
intercepted conversations and they
believed that there was a plot to kidnap
or abduct her shoji that's one the
second one is a report that has filtered
through from the British intelligence
services that morphine was used after
the screams were heard after Jim Alfa
showed his fingers were cut off to
pacify him how they got that detail how
they know about I don't know that's not
coming from the Turks dr. saddle ill
fucky the fact that the Saudis have have
up to this point delivered no no sort of
formal explanation for this and that the
Trump administration has hasn't really
shown any rush to give one as well what
do you read into that especially given
that this leaking of information is
continuing to trickle out through the
Turkish media the Saudis are known now
when I say the Saudis I mean Mohammed
bin Salman and his team they are known
now to be their culprits they are
responsible for this crime and when they
wanted in liars in with Trump and Pompeo
to create a story which absorbs Mohammed
bin Salman now he wanted to release that
two days ago when he planned to admit
responsibility in order to absorb
himself and both
somebody else now the problem is
information kept coming from the Turks
in a way which would falsify his report
so he was stuck he needed he needs now
to wait for the Turks to finish in order
for his falsified for his created report
to fit with the Turks information now
for his bad luck the information coming
from the Turks are encircling his neck
and are proving more and more
responsibility and he is not going to do
it without by waiting or by releasing
report now so that is why is his is
getting time in blazing the report but
the same time he is getting in trouble
because he's delaying the report
Ravi Prasad as you've been hearing all
of this it's pretty clear as well that
we haven't heard we haven't got to the
bottom of the full facts of what
happened here but we mentioned the
Washington Post in the introduction
there and how they have published what
they say his is rishabh G's last article
so the indication there is they've drawn
their own conclusions about this now as
the far as as far as mr. Fogg G's fate
what message do you think that sends for
press freedom not just in in the Arab
world but but but as a whole good
question Azam what at IPI what we feel
as this disappearance and alleged murder
of mr. jamal keshavjee
is a clear message from a regime which
does not tolerate any kind of criticism
but with impunity they will go around in
silence critics and if this happens and
this is the first incident we will see
other authoritarian regimes following
the same path and and the Western world
remaining silent because of the business
deals they have with Saudi Arabia and
these authoritarian regimes so it's a
very scary message that has come across
but we also hope that because of this
incident and as you correctly said in
the intro
action that people are now looking
forward to getting more information
people are eager to know and there's
pressure so building on us how they
Arabia as well as the United States
which is a close ally of Prince Mohammed
bin Salman there is a hope in our hearts
that this will help us promote rest
freedom there will be some reaction to
this murder and we'll be able to build a
campaign where we can ensure that press
freedom is expanded things have things
change in the Arab world and not just in
the Arab world but around the world
where more and more authoritarian
regimes are using physical intimidation
psychological intimidation and legal
intimidation to silence journalists you
mentioned Western governments there Ravi
is is the credibility of US democracy at
stake here as well given the way that
they have responded to this the u.s.
democracy is a very vibrant if you see
on the one hand we have the president
and his cabinet supporting the Saudi
Arabian government but on the other hand
there is a free media we have the
Washington Post we have the New York
Times you have the Los Angeles Times and
many others in the United States which
do not fear the government in spite of
attacks on them personal attacks on
journalists by the President himself
they are chugging along they are taking
up the cause and without them this issue
would not have reached the stage so in
the Western media in the Western world
media still enjoys a lot of freedom
which I fear may go down if people like
mr. Trump continued to attack
journalists continue to call any
criticism as fake news David Hearst
would you how would you access that the
current state of media freedom such as
it is in in the Arab world is it is it
better or worse than 2011 and the events
of the so-called Arab Spring much worse
what we've course is a very vicious
counter-revolution and a real clamp down
on the sort of reporting al Jazeera did
in 20
yeah in Egypt and the situation
dictatorship has become I suppose
modernized whenever you put a report
that you know to be true out there it's
immediately surrounded by the in the
Arab world they call it electronic
insects false stories false leads people
trying to take you down to trying to
denigrate you completely opposite it
immediately surrounds anything that you
put up and the and it's designed
absolutely designed to mislead for
instance when I originally put my story
up about Jamal being dragged out of the
Consul general's office with the Consul
there this is before I'd heard the tapes
and the comments that he made uh please
go and do that somewhere else what
happened was a whole number of counter
stories appeared in other mainstream
publications saying no no this is all
rubbish I know that German is alive and
well and and he's in Riyadh and you're
all going to be extremely stupid and
feels you know it you know extremely
silly because he's actually alive the
Turks are absolutely convinced that he
never emerged from the building alive
and they've been saying that really from
day one so that's that's the atmosphere
what you've got is government's that
openly do not believe in free speech or
in democracy said the Arab world is not
ready for it and they say there's
absolutely publicly suppressing even
basic reporting the last two paragraphs
of Jamal's marvelously posthumous column
really point out to what he was actually
trying to achieve what he wanted was for
Western publications to be published in
Arabic and that's not the he wasn't
trying to increase the circulation of
Western publications like the Washington
Post and The New York Times but he was
trying to introduce the Arab world to
what he thought
was the best free journalism and that's
really what he was what he was about he
really wanted to improve the
understanding of the Arab world not from
a functional point of view not from an
Islamist point of view or to set a
particular line or a party but just to
give them free information and he said
the Arab world needs a modern version of
the old transnational media so that
citizens can be informed about global
events that really was his mission more
important we need to provide a platform
for Arab voices and in part that is a
small very small part of what Middle
East is doing and what Al Jazeera is
doing as well but you know I wanted to
increase that he really believed in it
and he was a very very serious and
determined to set this up now if this is
set up as a result of his death and a
real platform real information which
which isn't immediately taken down
blocked or surrounded by false news then
I think well really something would have
happened
that is a real improvement on the
situation at the moment I don't think
this will succeed I don't think the
counter-revolution will succeed but by
God is a rough and bumpy journey well
speaking of our voices let's turn back
to dr. saddle in al Faqih on this how
concerned are you about the message that
all of this sense to dissidents like
yourself and for the future of of
different voices in the arab world in a
free speech we always understood that
the regime does not tolerate dissent
inside and outside the country and they
work very hard in order to eliminate us
either eliminate us physically or
eliminate us through other means like
character assassination or forcing
Western governments to to convince them
that we
our terrorists we are linked to
terrorist groups and other means of
elimination fortunately they did not
succeed I would surprise you with my ass
so does this incident although it is a
very bad incident it is going to be
somehow useful in reversing the table on
the Saudis now instead of them feeling
comfortable that they they have done
this and they would do more and more of
the sort of action because of the huge
global response to that so this is going
to be a turning point not only on
Mohammed bin Salman is going to be a
turning point on the whole region and
probably it could be almost like the
assassination of Crown Prince of Austria
and the first world war that will bring
huge consequences for Mohammed missile
Mohammed bin Zayed Sisi in Egypt and
will make the Saudi government in deep
trouble in front of the West in front of
its own people because Mohammed Mursi
man will not be able to get of this it's
good to get rid of this problem now the
West knows all the details I would
probably disagree slightly with David
the West knows all the details they have
their own information and and
intelligence and that's why the Congress
are adamant that Jamil is killed and he
has been dismembered and and the order
has been given from Mohammed bin Salman
I would not expect Congress members to
speak with this full confidence without
having a clear-cut clear picture from
their own intelligence and that's why
Trump decided yesterday to not to share
intelligence of measure with the
Congress now he's going that far to
protect him Hamad bin Salman but
fortunately the tide is not in his favor
and because the West knows all the
details even before the the the the
Turks finish their their their work on
their forensic and legal investigation
because
the West knows the story I think the
West is extremely embarrassed and it is
in a position to do something to to
clear the the the way for it to behave
properly in the future by removing
Mohammed bin Salman I would not expect
foreign Western governance to be able to
accept Mohammed bin Salman in this
position neither King nor crown is not
not even allowing him to be free after
this incident doctor said I want to put
to you the point that David made a
little bit earlier that the forces of
counter-revolution as he calls them in
the in the Arab world are are formidable
and you know you you were saying that
this this is a turning point what do you
say to those who argue that that this
people will eventually forget about all
of this at some point because people's
memories are short and eventually
something else will occupy the public's
mind what what do you say to people to
people who say that and that in the end
it won't make a huge difference the the
counter-revolution is lots formidable
but they are actually relying on a tiger
off paper now that the current structure
of of those three governments Mohammed
bin Zayed Mohammed bin Salman and and
the Sisi all depends on Mohammed masala
now Mohammad Ahsan I can can't survive
alone he who does not need beside or cc
but neither see nor Mohammed desires can
survive without the full support of
Mohammad Suleman and they cannot survive
with with his own eagerness to help them
so if worry me removed from hamburger
Salman from the picture and even the
royal family even the royal family
cannot regain its own aura before
Mohammed bin Salman so the whole counter
illusion will be in great trouble and we
would easily see another wave of of
counter counter-revolution how it's
going to what is the scenario God knows
but I think at all to do with this weak
point
we
clink which is Mohammed bin Salman Ravi
Prasad ah I'll give what's probably
gonna be the last word to you on this at
the start of the program we gave what
was not a very pretty picture of the
state of Free Press in in the Middle
East and elsewhere in the world
what can international organizations
like yours continue to do to try to
counter that the husband before I go
there let me just say that the after
there a spring we were we were hoping
things will change but nothing changed
what we saw is that the situations
become worse look at Egypt we have
serious problems there scores of
journalists are in prison and and
Mohammed our own Mohammed has been
interesting for 667 days and has not
been fried in Turkey 167 journalists are
in prison so what is happening is in
this part of the world in the Arab world
they the regimes are trying to control
the narrative and as mr. Kershaw B's
posthumous article talks about
information and misinformation
disinformation that's exactly what they
want to do they want to control the
narrative they want to control the
information so they use all the tactics
to have complete control or what
information is available and
counter-revolution requires information
to trickle down to people so that they
can join the revolution now what
international organizations can do like
ours in terms of press freedom is we can
bring pressure on the garments we've
been working with the government with al
Jazeera and other partners on bringing
pressure on Egypt to release all the
journalists we have been campaigning for
release of journalists in Turkey we got
journalists released in Nigeria and
other places so international
organizations can bring in the technical
support we can support you we can
support media organizations in fighting
for the space that is required to report
fearlessly and fair that is gonna have
to be the last word thanks very much for
being with us all three of you sad ill
doctor sad Allah fucky Ravi Prasad and
David Hurst thanks very much for being
on the inside story and thank you for
watching as always you can see the
program again anytime by going to our
website and jazeera com mand for more
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter I handle there
is at AJ inside story for me has a
secret and the whole team here right now
