after a 22 years struggle Imran Khan's
taken Pakistan's top job the charismatic
cricket captain who brought home the
World Cup is now the prime minister for
years his vision has been to build what
he calls a new pocket Sun now you can
only get out of this by a complete
u-turn and what we call a new Pakistan
you know we want to back what the
original go back to the vision of the
founding father it all began with the
launch of the tehreek-e-insaf or PTI in
1996 but it wasn't until the 2013
election that it emerged as Pakistan's
third largest political party in this
election Khan campaigned on a track
record of establishing a hospital and a
university and more recently running the
government of the haber-bosch kun hua
province he's long been at the center of
media attention both at home and abroad
which meant his private life was also in
the spotlight from marrying British
socialite Jemima goldsmith to his most
recent divorce for journalist Rahim Hahn
even his third managed with a spiritual
advisor Bushra Bibi has not been without
controversy
Hanz also denied his rivals accusations
that he won as many seats this time
because he was the military's favorite
candidate but he has been the favorite
candidate of many first-time voters the
youth as Imran Khan calls them his party
supporters have disrupted traditional
politics in the last few years but their
energy in aggressive social media
presence and they've also put pressure
on Hahn when members of his party have
misbehaved Imran Khan's one of the most
recognizable faces of Pakistan who's
been a vocal critic of US drone strikes
and has insisted that dialogue with
groups like the Taliban is the way to
achieve peace this extrajudicial killing
in the name of drone attacks he's hinted
at better ties with neighbors including
India and Afghanistan and a positive
relationship with the US based on what
he calls mutual respect
Imran Khan's become the first former
cricketer to have turned popular support
into an election win as he gets ready to
fulfill his promise of the so-called new
Pakistan he faces major challenges
including finishing his full five-year
term that's because none of his
predecessors remained in power long
enough to complete their time in office
sama bin Javed al-jazeera
