for the Turkish lira it was a week that
could not end soon enough a week that
started with the lira sliding to a
record low of 7.2 against the US dollar
the currency has lost nearly 40% of its
value against a dollar this year alone
as a full-fledged economic crisis
continues to simmer the Trump
administration this week threatened to
impose additional economic sanctions on
Turkey over the country's continued
house arrest of a u.s. pastor on
terrorism charges the diplomatic
standoff led Trump on Friday - against a
sanctions are justified Turkey has in my
opinion acted very very badly so we
haven't seen the last of that we are not
going to take it sitting down they can't
take our people but some analysts say
the u.s. is being overly aggressive with
the sanctions you use them too much if
you use them too recklessly if you don't
have allies on board when you use them
you erode their effectiveness over time
however there are some signs of
potential relief on Wednesday
Qatar's Amir Tamim bin Hamad al-thani
visited Ankara bringing with him
promises of an investment package worth
fifteen billion dollars the money will
mainly be injected into Turkey's
financial markets and banks Turkey also
promised to inject more money into the
economy here on Wall Street they're
watching the events in Turkey very
closely but most analysts say they have
not seen any significant signs yet that
events there are affecting the US stock
market but elsewhere that's not the case
markets in Asia remain mixed and
european stocks were mostly down
primarily because many european
countries remain heavily exposed to
turkey's debts while the list of
grievances between these two nato allies
is substantial this crisis ultimately
boils down to a battle of wills between
two leaders the big question now which
one of them will blink first until then
how far will the lira fall and Amin
I'm Gabriel Sandow al-jazeera New York
