hello I'm Richard Burton you're at the
listening post here are some of the
media stories were covering this week in
Bangladesh it's not just what you say
about the government that might get you
in trouble it's where you say it this
jailed journalist found that out the
hard way Facebook has issues with telus
or a news network headquartered in
Venezuela what kind of issues is the
question we take a long look back at the
1960s and 70s a movement called new
journalism and the importance of the
literary in the reporting of the news
and all for one one for all when it
comes to Donald Trump and fake news more
than 300 American newspapers are on the
same editorial page traffic accidents
are usually the stuff of local newscasts
they seldom result in international
headlines but that's what's happened in
Bangladesh where two road fatalities
triggered weeks of protests and then
landed a renowned photojournalist in
prison Shaheed oulala has been arrested
charged for making false and provocative
comments in an interview on this channel
al-jazeera he criticized the alleged
excessive use of force on demonstrators
who were demanding road safety and he
questioned the legitimacy of Prime
Minister Sheikh Hasina's government
there's a general election coming up
later this year and the government has
grown increasingly intolerant of
critical voices especially those on the
media space that finds most difficult to
control the internet the authorities
rely on a vaguely worded law the
information and communications
technology Act which can land anyone
publishing fake and obscene material
online behind bars and the effect on
journalism in Bangladesh has been
chilling our starting point this week is
doc
Jonah's now my escape from Tucker is
showing all LM he is a photographer and
social activist I think the gunman has
miscalculated it it certainly felt that
fear was in that repression would have
been enough but I think you cannot tame
an entire nation in this manner as a
photojournalist shahi dual alarm usually
works with images not words and when it
comes to Bangladeshi politics these days
journalists must choose their words very
carefully in terms of why this was seen
as a threat he was critical of the
government the acting of the media deck
to judicial killings the disappearances
bribery at all levels corruption in
education it's a never ending list he
was critical of the political system -
beyond simply the government this
happens live on an international
television channel which means that the
government's narrative that the purse
house everytime processes occur suddenly
could be challenged I can't imagine any
other person really who would have been
quite so articulate and quite so
straightforward in his analysis of the
Bundys critical situation it's an
unelected government so they did not
really have mandate the rule but they've
been thinking on my brute force it was a
perfectly cogent legitimate critique of
the Bangladesh political situation and I
think that the Bangladeshi authorities
really just could not stand the idea of
an articulate Bangladeshi speaking from
Bangladesh to the international
community about the political situation
in Malaysia such stark terms the
protests that set this story into motion
over the recurring issue of road safety
in Bangladesh and the deaths of two
students in particular quickly morphed
into something larger
or political and with an election coming
up later this year it's a sensitive time
students came out to protest now this
was a nonpartisan thing for students
saying that demanding safe streets and
it did begin to kind of build support in
Bangladesh the Bangladesh authorities
initially were quite sympathetic to this
even promised to enact any or no but
when they began to feel that there might
be political opposition get also joining
into this or other dissidents or other
critics the crackdown was enormous and
that the fact that children and beating
in the streets really sparked outrage
there are certain interested quarters
who tried to politicize this whole
movement and there are certain three or
four clashes in certain quarters of
Dhaka a clashes with the law enforcing
agency and certain hoodlums
so that is a stray incidence which is
not acceptable but this is not a
crackdown on the children's movement the
government's approach is to control the
the narrative as well as the situation
situations they control with violence
narratives they control by silencing any
form of dissent so that the only message
you are guessing is what the government
is saying it's not the airwaves with
that both remain stream and social media
being extremely coins to the governments
by saying what they say is being
economic with the truth they they have
been lying at rice
Bangladesh right now is in the news for
all the right reasons the Bangladesh
government has taken in a nearly a
million Rohingya refugees the Prime
Minister has been recognized quite
rightly for this effort they do not want
the international community still know
about the other bad things that this
government is doing and therefore when
when Shah aalam raised those concerns
they clearly felt that this was
undermining their image internationally
when he goes to trial Shahid ool Alam is
likely to be charged under the
information communications and
Technology Act a law passed long ago in
2006 Sheikh Hasina's government took
power in 2009 and amended the law four
years later the changes it made to
section 57 dealing with content that
people post online and the frequent
prosecution since have been criticized
by media watch NGOs outside Bangladesh
and protested by free speech activists
within the country online content there
is undeniably an issue some of it
dealing with politics and religion is
nasty and dangerous violence has
resulted people have been killed however
section 57 is so vaguely worded it
allows the authorities to prosecute the
government's critics easily and
selectively
the media television and newspapers
they've controlled it journalist a sense
that what happens there
they don't really mind okay they've got
that under control so therefore people
have moved to social media as a way of
voicing criticism inevitably social
media will be misused by people it does
have the potential to incite violence
but what the government seems to be
doing is using as a pretext to clamp
down much more widely on any kind of
criticism as a way of intimidating and
scaring people so they won't comment on
social media in the future we have seen
free thinkers free thinking bloggers and
atheists being charged under this
whereas we have had members of the
government ministers high-ranking
officials we've had the Prime Minister's
own son who is seen as her heir
apparents floods social media and
mainstream media with lies which have
not been challenged under this law if
this is to be applied universally to
every single Bangladeshi citizen they
should they should be charged to
shahe dual alarms case is unusual he's a
prominent figure so people are talking
about it but according to the NGO Human
Rights Watch dozens of government
critics opposition politicians academics
journalists and bloggers disappear every
year in what are called enforced
disappearances many of them turn up dead
are never seen again
and are never covered by the Bangladeshi
media it's no wonder the listening post
struggled to find journalists there to
speak to us for this story the only one
who did agree to talk did so on the
condition that we masked his identity we
are living under a regime which goes by
the name of a democracy really is not
the oppression of opposition voices
comes in different forms if someone
threatens the government they are
indicted and go to jail but in a lot of
cases people will be abducted without
any legal cases being filed and the
government will simply say those people
left their houses because they were
having problems with their wives or
girlfriends they do this so that people
will not blame the government and in
cases when a person is not very
prominent unlike mr. alarm who is very
well-known the newspapers will not
publish reports on his or her
disappearance
so the threat is very present you can
understand the fear the government is so
powerful
there are many nameless faceless
citizens who are subjected to the worst
kind of inhumanities in custody that we
can think of they are also less likely
to be ever freed due to the lack of any
form of pressure being exerted on their
behalf
the likes of which we've seen for show
the long obsessing
the arrest of Shahid ooh-la-la the
silencing of one voice the chilling of
others is something that the government
knew would draw criticism it's a price
that in an election year the authorities
were clearly willing to pay for a
message they seemingly wanted to send
the heat is on in Bangladesh and
journalists are among the many who are
feeling we're discussing other media
stories that are on our radar this week
with one of our producers Tarek Nava
Tarek the diplomatic rift between Turkey
and the US and the resulting steep drop
in the value of the Turkish lira that
story comes with media angles to it what
are they exactly
well Richard Turkey's president much of
tyub Iran is taking issue of the news
coverage suggesting elements in the
media including social media have made a
bad situation worth the financial crime
investigation board the public
prosecutor and the interior ministry
have all launched investigations into
what they're calling erroneous and
fabricated news and statements aimed at
weakening the Turkish economy the
ministry has identified 346 social media
accounts for commentary it calls
provocative aimed at manipulating the
value of the lira they're being
threatened with legal action and the
authorities there have drawn a line as
they often do between the coverage of
this news story and the failed coup
which took place just over two years ago
in July of 2016
they have according to the Anadolu news
agency which is a state-run the
prosecutor's office in Istanbul have
linked some of the news reports in
question to forces behind the July 15th
coup attempt and this has become kind of
standard operating procedure for the
Turkish authorities journalist academics
all kinds of people critical of the
erdowan government tend to be linked to
the coup plotters regardless of how
tenuous the connections often seem to be
okay changing tack now hardly a day goes
by without some kind of story involving
Facebook in the news industry this one
affects telus or a broadcaster based in
Venezuela what happened there and why so
on Monday Facebook took down the
english-language page of teloth so which
is the left-leaning news channel based
in correct
funded mostly by the government there as
well as a few other Latin American
states the initial explanation given was
the standard one that telly Thurid
violated Facebook's Terms and Conditions
and after much criticism the page was
unexpectedly reinstated two days later
telethon says it was told by Facebook
that there had been a technical problem
however a different explanation was
given to Artie the Russian broadcaster
it quoted Facebook as saying there had
been suspicious activity on telesales
page so that's three different reasons
and tell you further the second time
this year that this has happened it
really is difficult to figure out
Facebook's thinking on these things in
the US for instance Alex Jones and his
platform Infowars which traffic sin
right-wing conspiracy theories has been
taken down by Facebook but it was on the
site for years so why all of this
intervention and why now the Facebook
has come under a lot of criticism since
the 2016 US elections for allowing fake
news now people think it's going
overboard trying to fix the problem and
there are questions about the kinds of
people Mark Zuckerberg and Co are
turning to for help on this a few months
back Facebook enough the partnership
with the Atlantic Council to identify
false stories critics say that the
washington-based think tank is
militarist peddle of the pro nato
narrative and might suggest culling
opinions that run counter to the
mainstream so if the Atlantic Council
behind some of this it's tough to say
but Facebook moderators have certainly
been busy they took down 32 pages on the
last day of July alone okay thanks
tarick earlier this year obituary
writers around the world paid tribute to
Tom Wolfe the American writer who passed
away three months ago Wolfe was best
known for his work as an author books
like the right stuff and bonfire of the
vanities however in the 1960s and 70s he
was also at the forefront of another
movement what was called New Journalism
Tom Wolfe and others pioneered a new
type of reporting borrowing some
techniques from novelists and using them
to write nonfiction to in fact produce
journalism the initial reviews were not
stellar especially from reporters who
saw new journalism as an affront to
their profession
however it revolutionized reporting and
its impact is felt to this day not just
in the US but around the world and not
just in the mainstream news media but
also online The Listening Post takes you
back in time now to the 1960s with the
help of two contemporary writers whose
journalism was inspired by Tom Wolfe and
the New Journalism movement I have no
idea who coined the term the New
Journalism or even when it was coined at
the time the mid sixties one was aware
only that all of a sudden there was some
sort of artistic excitement in
journalism and that was a new thing in
itself it actually started an Esquire
magazine which was the leading men's
magazine of the 50s and they were
declining in circulation because they
were getting competition from Playboy
and these other men's magazines so they
decided that they would have flashy
writing it was commercial in its initial
establishment it was to try to write
about things differently than other
people had written about them but also
to write about topics that people had
not written about the new journalism was
a style of reported nonfiction they
focused on characterization scene
building narrative and it was a
journalism that aspired toward greater
artistry than journalism had before Tom
Wolfe was working for the Herald Tribune
and he had reported a story about
custom-made cars in California and he
ended up pitching this story instead to
Esquire magazine I was sent up there to
cover the Hot Rod and Custom Car Show by
the New York Herald Tribune and I
brought back exactly the kind of story
the somnambulistic Totem newspapers in
America would have come up with
a totem newspaper is the kind people
don't really buy to read but just to
have physically because they know it
supports their own outlook on life the
totem story usually makes what is known
as gentle fun of this which is a way of
saying don't worry these people are
nothing he couldn't write the piece it
was just a bunch of random paragraphs on
the page and that night he stayed up all
night and wrote a letter to the editor
explaining what he wanted the piece to
say he sent in the letter editor whose
name was Byron Doble just chopped off
the deer Byron and published it as is
Orthodox newspaper reporting the voice
of the reporter had to sound very
authoritative and here is a special
bulletin from The Associated Press Tom
wolf sometimes called it the BBC voice
or this kind of conformist slightly
snobbish in the person surveying the
world around him or her and at this time
a lot of the barriers around Authority
were breaking down people were
questioning institutions they were
playing with new cultural ideas and this
stuffy town was no longer appropriate it
took a subject that was very pop that
was not an elite subject that maybe even
was something that standard journalism
would have made fun of or would have
looked down upon and said that it had a
serious political and social meaning
this sounds so stupid this I mean we all
do this right but at the time nobody did
it it was something novelist did and
that was the way the New Journalism made
journalism fresh again one of those many
times when journalism had remade
itself and yet in the early 1960s a
curious new notion just hot enough to
inflame the ego had begun to intrude
into the tiny confines of the feature
status fear this discovery modest at
first humble in fact deferential you
might say was that it just might be
possible to write journalism that would
read like a novel you had writers like
Joan Didion whose great project was
puncturing the golden dream of
California that had existed in the 1950s
as this paradise in the West where you
could go and have a perfect life what
she did with her writing was injected a
gothic sensibility underneath that
perfect golden dream you had violence
you had racism you had a kind of
fanaticism coalfish nasai was brewing
and she detected that
the times were murkier there was no
longer faith and good and bad for
example the Vietnam War was happening
and officials were lying to reporters
and we would accelerate our progress
there was no way to tell a story like
that straight
you had to foreground your own doubts
and your own self-consciousness your own
son certainty so a writer like Michael
hare who wrote a book about the Vietnam
War called dispatches would go into the
field and simply describe some of the
scenes he was seeing but also the
confusion that was there and that was
new to not have to go and be like this
is where we've advanced on the front
this is the number of people that have
been killed
old wine journalists never liked it you
know it wasn't reliable it was it was
getting above its place right to do this
you were that's what a novelist did you
know you're a novelist you know
suffering your Garrett starve and write
your goddamn novel but you know don't
put it in the newspaper
most good journalists who hope to get
inside someone else's world and stay
there a while come on very softly and do
not bombard their subjects with
questions if a reporter stays with a
person or group long enough they the
reporter in the subject will develop a
personal relationship of some sort even
if it is hostility more often it will be
friendship of some sort Hunter's
Thompson spent months with the Hells
Angels writing about them just living
with them and writing about them and the
kind of journalism that we have now
that's a little bit more restricted by
money by the time by the pace at which
things are published on the internet
doesn't necessarily lend itself to that
kind of immersion
one of the reasons people believed in
new journalism was that it convinced you
that you were learning through these
narrative techniques something inside
other people that you were using a
writer sensitivity to understand what
other people believed in felt to really
understand people you have to go out
into the world you have to go away from
Cosmopolitan Center's into smaller
communities into rural communities into
people who might not be the same class
or race or you know nationality as you
and try to understand their motivations
and their reality
saturation reporting as I think of it
can be one of the most exhilarating
trips as they say in the world often you
feel as if you've put your whole central
nervous system on red alert and turned
it into a receiving set with your head
panning the molten tableau like a radar
dish with you saying come in world since
you want all of it
and finally this past week saw one of
the biggest collaborations in the
history of the American news media more
than 300 newspapers all publishing
editorials with the same message for
President Donald Trump back off Trump
calls journalists the enemy of the
people and his rhetoric seems to be
working with Republicans more than 40%
of whom according to one poll think that
the president should have the power to
shut down news outlets for bad behavior
what do you call it when papers as big
as the New York Times and as small as
the monitor news in Swift County
Minnesota all send the White House the
same message according to trump
that's collusion and so is this we leave
you now with some of the editorials
published across the u.s. this past week
and we'll see you next time
here at The Listening Post
