as Italy comes to terms with a bridge
that collapsed killing 38 people the
government is turning its attention to
the aging infrastructure engineers are
warning hundreds of bridges and tunnels
could be dangerous so what can be done
to ensure safety this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program Ahmad
Abdul Hamid with dozens now dead and the
hope of finding any more survivors
diminishing by the day the general
bridge collapse has many across the
world questioning how this could have
happened and where the blame lies on
Tuesday a huge section of the bridge
simply crumbled to pieces falling some
45 meters to the ground around 30 cars
and trucks were on that section of the
bridge at the time since then rescuers
have been scouring through the rubble
and crawling between the blocks of
concrete looking for survivors and while
there are many theories as to what
caused the 51 year old bridge to
collapse attention has turned to two
factors its design and its safety
maintenance but the disaster has also
exposed worries across Italy just how
safe are the country's roads and bridges
we'll bring in our guest in a moment but
first etosha Butler has this report from
general well the prosecutor here in
Genoa says there are still 10 to 20
people missing and that is why emergency
workers hundreds of them and fire
fighters have been trying to sift
through the rubble at the scene they're
still having to try and shift these huge
concrete slabs which fell after the
bridge collapsed on Tuesday using heavy
machinery then they are going in with
their bare hands
using sniffer dogs to try and see if
there are any signs of life as the hours
and days pass of course hopes are
diminishing but there could still be
somebody trapped in an air pocket but
they could have survived this long
emergency workers saying that is why
they are continuing their work and say
they will not give up until they're
certain that there is nobody left there
now the country will be united in
mourning on Saturday there will be a
state funeral state ceremony here in
Genoa attended by families of the
victims and also by the Prime Minister
and various officials but several
families have actually said that they
will be holding private funerals and
ceremonies for their loved ones this is
of course a moment of great grief and
sadness for them and what's been
emerging over the past few days are
really several engineers structural
engineers
who've come out and said the problem is
there could be up to 10,000 bridges and
tunnels across Italy that are at risk
because in the 60s and 70s there was a
building boom there was a lot of
corruption substandard concrete was
being used so there are now questions
over the safety of the infrastructure
across the country not just bridges and
tunnels I should say but also buildings
municipal buildings like schools the
government says it will be inspecting
all those bridges and tunnels it will be
a big job and whether or not that would
be enough to calm people's fears here in
Italy remains to be seen
so let's bring in our guests from Genoa
Enrico Musso professor of transport
economics at the university of genoa
from trout bridge in the UK joining us
on skype is Ian Firth a structural
engineer and bridge designer and from
Milan journalist incredi Palmieri
gentlemen thank you for joining me Ian
first let me start with you
the morandi bridge or when it was built
back in the 1960s was considered as some
sort of a feat of engineering innovation
in hindsight and I know it's a bit too
early to speculate to what caused the
disaster
what were they were there any problems
in its design for a long term usage I
think you hello yes indeed I think yes
you were right it was considered at the
time to be something innovative it was
certainly unusual when it was built it
had a sister structure also designed by
Mandy in Venezuela but I think very soon
after it was completed it already began
to have difficulties and I think it had
a rather short period of enjoying the
limelight if you like because fairly
quickly people began to realize that it
had some flaws so you actually live in
Genoa was the problems of that bridge
actually a conversation people had yeah
I mean many people was a little be they
they feared that something could happen
sooner or later but you know today is
very easy to say so what happened indeed
that there has been a big debate in this
city over the last 25 30 years about the
opportunity of building another a
motorway infrastructure more or less
parallel to this one and the Genovese
community was a split between those who
stress the point of the of the the
overall the growing demand of traffic
both for the port traffic and for the
city
city needs and the other part of the
city was more stressing the
environmental damages of building
another infrastructure so my point is
that in this key very critical link of
the of the overall network it should be
safer to have some degree of redundancy
also in order to do all the necessary
maintenance even stopping the traffic
whether it is necessary well Tancredi
Palmieri there are conversations that
actually there had been several warnings
that this bridge was not safe anymore
there is a I read also several reports
that actually it was the alarms was was
sounded last year and then again this
year and nothing happened how can you
explain that yeah we should say that as
the professor was mentioning before even
if it seems too easy to say so today it
wasn't like something that was so spread
so known everywhere but it is true a
couple of years ago the rules in
Parliament an independent senator that I
presented a report on the dangers over
the bridge and the rules are our report
former professor from the university of
genoa that was detailing how our base
was the the the fry the threats for the
corner about the collapsing of the
bridge I could say that maybe because
sometimes in Italy since there are so
many problems and then nothing is
happening
it seemed that possibly too many could
seem like okay maybe it's it's Dane it's
dangerous but it's not that serious
and sometimes maybe in Italy we need to
face the tragedy before realizing that
things actually are serious we will see
as you said later about the politician
but they were actually even in the past
political groups also they were mocking
a calling it as
a little fairy tale those voices that
were calling about the real danger of
collapsing of the bridge
that was actually the five star movement
and if I'm not wrong the founder of the
five star movement is resident in Genoa
so he should know better anyway I'm
going to go to Enrico again just
continuing what Tancredi just said I
mean yes this bridge collapse it's been
deadly but if you look at the list of
bridges that have collapsed over the
past few years in Italy or buildings one
does have to ask the question is there a
real problem somewhere else and not in
the construction itself but how it comes
together I think that's for the bridge
that collapsed here in Genoa we have a
probably a problem of of mistakes in the
design as well stressed before but also
the point that this bridge was so
critical and so subject to a no to an
excess of hour of traffic for a number
of different functions because this
bridge was really crucial for all the
port related flows to the port terminals
and from the port terminals and you
should keep in mind that more or less
half of the terminals are east of the
bridge and half of the terminals are
west of the bridge which means that when
a truck arrives and he has to reach one
of the terminals which is not
necessarily in the same side where he is
coming from so he had to cross the
bridge or even when a truck is going to
several terminals needs to cross the
bridge for going from the terminal which
are placed to the west and to the east
part of the of the bridge itself so for
this first first reason and and trucks
are so much heavier that it used to be
in the past and the second reason is
that the the boost of the the
development of the city made that the
number of of people moving inside the
city and of commuters moving
towards the city over the decades has
been always increased and as a result
the number of vehicles that use that
bridge over the last year's was several
thousand several tens of thousand a day
some fifty or sixty thousand a day and
this is clearly a volume of traffic
which cannot be borne by the
infrastructure was originally designed
this is always a challenge for bridge
operators and and this is the same
everywhere but I mean Jennifer has a
particular challenge because of the the
nature of the topography and the urban
environment there but any bridge like
this which is very busy with a lot of
traffic on it means that if you have to
do some invasive maintenance and clearly
this bridge needed some of that you know
you're either going to close the bridge
or you're going to have some very
serious traffic disruption when you
close lanes you close it overnight you
you know I I don't I know because I've
done this so many times where you need
to balance the challenge of keeping the
traffic flowing which is essential for
the economy and everything else with the
need to close the bridge in order to do
the repairs and the maintenance that
need to be carried out and this is the
problem one of the problems with the
design these days when we design modern
bridges we've learnt that lesson because
of the increase of traffic over the
decades we know that if we design a
modern bridge we design enough
redundancy in it we design enough
additional space we make sure that you
can get access to the things you need to
maintain and so on so as to make it
easier to both run the traffic and
maintain the bridge I suspect this one
was very difficult to do both okay well
let's just take a closer look at the
morandi bridge it was designed by
architect ricardo morandi and was known
as italy's brooklyn bridge at over 1,100
meters long construction begins in 1963
but it wasn't officially opened until
four years later it had major
reinforcement work done in late 1990s it
carried almost 25 million vehicles a
year and was part of a vital
connecting Northwest Italy to France the
company that oversaw its maintenance had
launched a 22 million dollar tender for
safety repairs just this May and works
with you to start in September now I'm
going in first civil engineers are in
Italy are saying that the bridge has
passed its lifespan what does it mean
exactly only I mean obviously evidently
it's something is collapsed but but but
the lifespan of a bridge is to you know
we designed a bridge for a hundred years
120 years sometimes 200 years so it's
it's but that doesn't mean that the
bridge is going to fall down you know
the next year it means that we design it
for a certain set of situations that
certain kinds of loads that might be
predicted to occur within that period of
time but but I mean this bridge has
should have had many many more decades
of good life in it if it had been
properly maintained now we know that it
has had maintenance work you've just
said had major intervention a few years
ago we also know that they were due to
do the next phase of that coming up it's
starting in September and and this is
exactly the point I was making earlier
on you know if they had the luxury of
closing the bridge and doing all the
maintenance work in one go they if it
had the budget to do so of course then
they could have done so and all that
work would have been done but my hunch
is that three or four years ago when
they did the work at the east end of the
bridge and you can see that very clearly
with the work that was done there those
cables were reinforced and they were
about to do the next ones if they done
them all at the same time this wouldn't
have happened but as it was they did the
first one you know there were three
towers they did the first one
perhaps they were coming to the second
and the third now starting in September
sadly they were to be late okay and Rico
the the government is now saying we will
look at other bridges tunnels schools
public buildings etc and other other
countries in Europe's have said exactly
the same thing but why is it in Italy
it's something that happens more
and in other European countries I mean
they were I think about 12 bridges that
collapsed just over the past few years
or something like that wine Italy
well there is probably a problem of
proper maintenance which is not being
done over the Italian infrastructure but
the case that happened here in genoise
is to some extent of paradigmatic what
might happen elsewhere Italy I mean that
sometimes they delay the the postponing
the decision concerning the the overall
infrastructure design and the over plan
for developing new infrastructures means
that you have to use the old one until
they break okay so if you have only one
pair of shoes then sooner or later you
are going to break it if you have a
second pair when you go that you need to
be repaired that you use the second pair
and you get this the first pair being
repaired and this is precisely what I
think didn't happen for the bridge of
Genoa and probably somewhere else in
Italy it may happen the same I mean
these decisions
who'd imply that you decided to close
the bridge of Genoa before it collapses
without having any alternative for all
the traffic flows this is a decision
which is very difficult to assume to
take much more difficult that it done if
you have another another parallel
motorway that is a capable of assuming
the traffic for a while so the radical
maintenance which has been done in the
in the 90s for the first pillar as it
has been reminded a few minutes ago was
not yet done for the second and the
central pillar who actually collapsed
the two days ago we don't know if this
kind of radical maintenance could have
been sufficient for avoiding the the
collapse but of course the fact that
this was planned for this autumn but
unfortunate is too late now it's
probably one of the reason why we we are
not we are we are now crying about such
a big tragedy
okay and ten clearly Palmieri the the
but some bodies are still unaccounted
for rescuers are saying that they don't
know if there's anyone under the rubble
but the political Rao has already
started whether within Italy or with
Brussels
so the Deputy Prime Minister Matteo
salvini said that or pointed the finger
at Europe saying that as the austerity
measures that were imposed by Europe
that caused this is that a fair
statement to be honest it has to be
clear that all the motorway system is
managed by a private company that had
the license from the state a private
company called belonging to the Atlanta
found which is owned by the very famous
of Benetton family of the Benetton brand
and so it is not exactly going in the
case not at all going in back way there
is not restrictions about about about
that about investing money for
maintenance for developing there is no
connection at all why these very
important segments of the services for
the citizens are could be owned or
managed by private companies well that
obviously it is up to the European Union
laws of decade a bit more than a decade
ago 20 years ago of less about favouring
the competition in order to give a
better services to the citizens and so
also some services could be managed by
private companies again in order to give
a better services better prices better
fares to the citizens that is what has
happen with
motorways and also other segments as it
happened in in other counties but
obviously when it is about these kind of
services is not like the state and the
government can do a step back and say is
not our business anymore it's everything
about the private company there are some
guarantees that should be guaranteed
some standards that should be guaranteed
to the citizens about safety about
investment the maintenance of course and
for what has been the history the
chronology of what happened around this
bridge but is not only about the Miranda
bridge it's also about you were
mentioning other bridge minor that have
collapsed or anyway the way it is going
the maintenance the state of Mato is in
Italy in spite of having one of the
highest fares to everybody that comes
driving in Italy knows about that
spotting the difference compared to to
Germany to Spain in spite of that still
the service is not at that level and in
these cases the maintenance for example
has been has been just piled up year
after year and as the professor was
mentioning a knee and also that they
should have possibly take the luxury of
a closing a certain point the bridge
even if it is a difficult decision for
the city of Genoa for doing what has to
be done at the same time may I just
interrupt one minute in coming for a
certain time but may I just interrupt
because in Italy when things like that
happen there's always a very much of a
public outcry and many people point to
corruption to the involvement of the
Mafia that being they say that because
of that they get substandard materials
to build a school a building a bridge or
anything like that I can see and
doesn't agree with that but Tancredi is
that an issue in Italy well obviously it
is and now nothing that is in this case
because the investigation ice to take
part in that but we know and it is known
that the the state highway agency for a
long time for decades has been one of
the big warehouse when were stalled just
relatives and relatives of politicians
or anything just employed over there so
it has been a huge nest of a corruption
but also when you see that there are
such prophets such incomings and there
is not at the same time I'm talking
situation nowadays same balance
proportional level of investment for
maintenance and other things it is
obvious that something is not going in
the right way yeah and Ian I think you
have something to say well I mean the
reverse things that come to mind here
yes there's always been rumors of you
know math your involvement in
construction at least at least we come I
mean I didn't know for sure but I I
imagine it happened but if there were
substandard materials in the original
construction then why did it wait 50
years to fall down right you know I I'm
sure that may have been in some projects
in Italy some of that kind of
intervention where the wrong kind of
concrete or whatever it is gets into the
structure but if that was the case then
it would have fallen down kind of pretty
well straight away this the other thing
though is that the point about the
maintenance money going into maintenance
clearly this isn't this is a concern
because I have heard it said that you
know the company autostrada in this case
has been making the money from tolls but
the ratio between the money they make
from tolls and the money they spend on
maintenance is too high and and in other
ways they should be paying spending more
and maintenance I don't know this is
what I've heard there's a lot of hearsay
all of this conversation is full of a
lot of speculation and conjecture but
but you know we know that these are the
real real pressures that exist not just
in Italy but everywhere
for highway authorities that operate
complicated structures that need expert
engineers to advise on what needs to be
done they get a report saying you know
they need to spend you know so many
million euros honor honor on maintenance
and inspections and whatever else they
need to do they've got a limited budget
how do they prioritize that and and and
that's the difference between you know
the difference is they what they need is
somebody who could actually say well
this is the critical thing that must be
done this is desirable that can wait you
know limited budgets limited program and
what I said before about disrupting
traffic you know if you have to stop the
traffic on one of these major crossings
and as I say it's the same on any major
crossing it's a huge no-no you just
can't do that because the economic
impact is so enormous right now in
Geneva Enrico you can probably tell us
what it's like because it must be
complete chaos
now with that road no longer available
you know that traffic is all having to
go somewhere else but of course what
that does provide now is a wonderful
opportunity to build a new bridge there
very quickly well unfortunately we have
reached the end of this program even
though the Transport Minister has said
that maybe the the highways in Italy
should come under state control again
but that's a discussion for another time
I want to thank our guests if we como so
Ian Firth and thank lady Palmieri and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com and for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash Ajay
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
ajay inside story from Miho dr. Hameed
and the entire team here in Doha bye for
now
you
you
