this used to be Bonnie Ortiz Rambo's
kitchen he only survived the fire that
swept through this neighborhood on July
23rd because he and a friend acted
quickly after smelling the smoke we went
to the main road and there was a tsunami
of flames 60 meters high as soon as we
saw this I said save your family take
them to the sea we ran back and I
grabbed my mother cool this is where
Amber's ended up along with hundreds of
others some scorched by the flames there
was absolutely no warning perhaps the
authorities didn't realize the size of
the phenomenons it was so sudden
my house is 400 meters from the sea the
fire took three maybe four minutes to
cover that distance an inquiry is now
looking into why authorities failed to
better coordinate their response the
local mayor says firefighters acted
heroically but everything happened too
fast methods buddy beekeepers icsq the
civil protection measures exist here as
an every municipality but when you have
12 force winds blowing through pine
forest then it becomes extremely
inflammable the syriza government is
trying to restore a sense of normality
trees are being cut down even though
many of them appear only superficially
singed the Public Power Corporation is
restoring electricity the government
will pay each stricken household and
emergency some of around five thousand
dollars replace basic appliances and
give pensioners a double pay out this
month all in hope of reducing its
political liability the probe is no
right to talk about political
responsibility we've assumed the
political responsibility already the
prosecutor is an independent authority
they're investigating but they won't
find anything in the government we have
no criminal liability capcha syriza has
already earned a reputation for slowness
in civil protection at the height of the
refugee crisis three years ago it took
months to ask Brussels for help
resulting in greater suffering for
refugees and last year it was unable to
prevent oil from a sunken tanker from
soiling kilometers of pristine coastline
west of Athens but this time
Greece seems to have suffered an
unprecedented number of deaths from
wildfires even in 2007 when two and a
half percent of Greek territory went up
in flames
the death toll did not exceed 60 for
those who have lost family members say
no amount of money will bring them back
jumps are upon us al Jazeera Marty
