the Chinese have long had links with the
Malay Peninsula its strategic location
the convenient midway point for Chinese
traders flying the east-west route even
now Commerce is at the heart of the
relationship with Malaysia counting
China as its biggest trading partner but
of late the actions of Malaysia's new
Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad who came
into power in May has concerned China
Mahathir has suspended three Chinese LED
projects and said earlier this week he
was aiming to scrap or at least
renegotiate the deals it was a crucial
part of the platform on which pocketed
harapan which now leads the federal
government was elected upon there were
perceptions that these projects that the
contracts governing them were upside
that it was unfavourable to Malaysia
that he could probably exacerbate our
debt or even jeopardize our sovereignty
the contracts were signed by the
previous government led by Najib Razak
who's been charged with corruption and
money laundering officials are
investigating whether the previous
administration used money from the
projects to repay debts owed by the
scandal-ridden fund 1mdb set up by
nudging the e cro of the three projects
that have been suspended the biggest is
the 20 billion dollar East Coast rail
link which would connect the eastern
states of Peninsular Malaysia with the
capital Kuala Lumpur in southern
Thailand it's part of China's so-called
belton Road initiative an ambitious plan
to link it with Europe and Africa
through a network of ports roads and
railways analysts say Chinese officials
desire to see the initiative succeed
where projects in other countries have
hit hurdles may influence how they view
Mijares request if both sites could come
to some sort of compromise in terms of
the construction cost in terms of for
example the future types of investments
I think Malaysia and China's economic
cooperation was steel for a head a
malaysian government advisor visited
Beijing last month to lay the groundwork
for Mijares first visit to China since
his election ultimately the two
countries need each other
Malaysia wants to reduce its debt but
not at the expense of future investments
China needs a friend and ally in the
region just recently the Chinese foreign
ministry said any disagreements between
the two countries should be resolved
through talks an indication perhaps that
China is willing to renegotiate the
terms of its deals with Malaysia
Florence lui
al Jazeera Kuala Lumpur
