hundreds of soldiers have been sent to
Kerala to lead the rescue effort
thousands of people are stranded across
the southern Indian state at least
220,000 people have sought refuge in
relief camps
hundreds of homes have been swallowed by
floodwater
north and central Kerala have been worst
hit by the floods but the entire state
is on red alert as heavy rain is
predicted for several days in view of
refresh spell of floods inundating other
vast areas we have deployed our forces
over there in a seven districts the
government says ten thousand kilometres
of perilous roads have been destroyed
the international airport is flooded and
had been temporarily closed monsoon
rains are a fact of life in India but
these are the heaviest since 1924
millions of dollars worth of crops have
been washed away Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi says he's praying for the
safety and well-being of the people of
Kerala Bernard Smith al-jazeera
