below what is left of Genoa's morandi
bridge hundreds of properties stand
empty more than 600 people were moved
from this neighborhood after the bridge
collapsed on Tuesday some are returning
to collect their possessions many are
still visibly shaken I saw the bridge
collapsing because my apartment looked
over it so I saw it fall I heard a big
noise like thunder I thought it was a
storm then there was dust everywhere and
I saw a building turn to rubble it's
unclear if people will be allowed to
live here again as experts say the
structure could be unsafe this
firefighter showed me what's now known
as the red zone a high-risk area if you
look up you can see just how close some
Randy bridges to the tops of some of
these apartments it almost seems to skim
it and you can really understand why
Italian authorities decided to evacuate
this whole neighborhood because of
course if any part of that bridge was to
collapse anyone underneath would be in
grave danger carrying their belongings
residents leave to stay with family and
friends or in city shelters this man's
elderly mother was too shocked to come
back he says life here will never be the
same from an exhibition fucking piss you
on I used to be a firefighter and
looking at all this I believe it will
take years to rebuild and recover at the
rescue site hundreds of emergency
workers continue to search for survivors
as time passes hopes are diminishing now
we are cutting the big slabs we are
moving them and then we send the k-9
units the dogs the search dogs if there
are positive signs we send our teams for
the direct research of casualties into
or victims into the voids people in
Genoa are still coming to terms with
what has happened in their city there's
grief anger and for those who call this
district home there is now a future full
of uncertainty
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Genoa Italy
