I am for me okay you're in the stream
today in an environmental special we
take a look at why 2018 may be the
hottest year on record and why some
cities are actually sinking I'm Malik
Erbil and we're live on YouTube and al
Jazeera and I'll be looking out for your
comments and your questions and before
we get to the global heat wave penguins
the flightless birds captured the
imagination of the child in all of us
but they're being severely affected by
climate change as far as we know
scientists have never visited this
penguin colony before so the group we
with want to know how large it is and
whether there's any other species living
here we have behind me a whole lot of
our daily penguin this chap here he is
looking a bit odd because he's losing
his baby killers it's just a few months
old as you can see he's very friendly
we've got indicators of change in terms
of temperature measurements ice
recession and the movement of birds to
different habitats all of which suggests
to us that change is going in one
particular direction the peninsula is
getting warmer the ice is getting less
and some of the more sensitive species
are having a harder time
those Adelie penguins aren't the only
ones being affected by climate change a
recent study of the world's largest
colony of king penguins has found that
their population declined by 88 percent
over the last 35 years from 2 million to
less than 200,000 the flightless birds
live on an island halfway between the
tip of Africa and Antarctica
now penguins aren't an endangered
species yet but what does it mean for
their future with so many dying or
relocating Annie Schmidt is joining us
she is a doctor and she's an ecologist
she's part of the Antarctica program at
point blue conservation science and dr.
Michelle LaRue is also an ecologist it's
good to have you here I'm looking at
this any point blue conservation science
penguins losing habitat in Antarctica
could be decimated by 2099 so video an
idea that there are some species of
penguin that might not be with us in the
decades to come what impact might that
have on the rest of us well we all love
penguins so it'll be a tragedy I think
for all of us to envision a world with
no penguins or at least many fewer
penguins and I think we also think of
penguins and seabirds in general as
indicators of broader ocean health so if
we're losing the Penguins it probably
means we're also losing other things
that are potentially important for
humans like fish and krill and that are
supporting things that we depend on
economically and for food I'm
interesting that you said that because
this is Adam here I think what
completely agree with you he says sadly
we won't notice the impact until they
leave a vacuum no one thought that
eradicating the wolf population in the
western US would result in land loss
near creeks and rivers so that's just
one example there but he then writes in
to help explain in his view why this is
happening he gave a list of reasons here
Michelle he says die offs are a natural
occurrence in evolution
there could be corporate fishing that's
hijacked their food
source our oceans are too polluted and
our oceans are also too loud for some
species with sonar tech causing
confusion what do we know Michelle about
the king penguins and what's happened to
them well so I think what we're seeing
with the king penguins is is really
interesting and I want to put it in
context for just a second because
there's been two important studies I
think that have come out just this year
so at the beginning of this year there
was a study suggesting that the world's
population of king penguins is likely to
be either relocated or disappeared by up
to 70% and then just a few months later
a completely different research group
suggested and you know is showing
basically that on a particular Island
and Crozet we're seeing the exact you
know population decline that was being
predicted and so there's multiple things
that could be happening here so the
first is of course that they're just not
surviving the second is that maybe some
of them are relocating to different
locations but it's really hard to tell
because it's hard to get to some of
these locations in the sub-antarctic
Islands and so I think there's probably
very likely a combination of things
that's happening here it's it's probably
climate change and you know potentially
overfishing potentially pollution I
really do think there's probably a
combination of factors that are
contributing to the declines that we're
seeing any when you're looking at your
Penguins that you study what are you
seeing as far as climate change actually
happening right now
yeah the colonies that I work at are
some of the furthest South Delhi
colonies actually they are we have one
colony where cat is the furthest south
and then the other colony which is a
very large colony at Cape Crozier in the
Ross Sea is one of the largest penguin
Adelie colonies in the world and it is
the furthest south for that the colony
of that size and what we're seeing that
that in these areas is some mixed
signals to be sure but this large colony
is doing very well in fact has been
growing pretty steadily over the past
decade or so and so we think that
actually
is related to or could be related to
climate change there's a number of other
factors also but um one one thing that's
been happening in the Ross Sea is we've
actually been seen an increase in sea
ice in contrast to a lot of the rest of
Antarctica and that may also be being
driven by climate change well I'm
hearing from the Beaufort viewers very
educated versions of we have no idea
being polite here but this is backed up
Michelle by your Twitter feed here and
you say science takes time and science
in Antarctica can really take a long
time but it's so worth the wait stay
tuned for more info on our emperor
penguin project I'm actually asking your
questions it could be years and years
and years of study but what you can tell
us right now is when you are up close
and you're very close to the Penguins
what is the appeal of studying these
kind of seabirds Michel you start
penguins are they're very easily my
favorite bird and emperor penguins in
particular they if I'm gonna
anthropomorphize I'm gonna put some
human type qualities to them right now
and say that they're they're just very
they're serene they're very they embody
their name they're very you know king
like they're very emperor like I mean so
being around them is just this very it's
just absolutely amazing to be around
them and to watch them kind of just do
their thing but more broadly looking you
know being able to be around them and in
thinking about how they fit within the
ecosystem is fascinating as an ecologist
because what I'm interested in is
looking at their populations not at just
one location but across the you know the
entire continent which is a huge area
and so I want to kind of hit back on one
of the things we were just talking about
there differences in their populations
depending on where you are so like a
place like the Antarctic Peninsula which
is seeing a lot of sea ice decline you
are gonna see some pretty drastic shifts
and changes in the way the Penguins are
doing anymore some populations aren't
doing great some are doing fine but it
depends on where you are of course
oddish mate on twin
then we just go down here the stately
the beautiful the mysterious and what a
great photograph these photographs
actually a lot of them are taken by you
Annie in in a sentence penguins you love
them because why finish the sentence um
I think and I'm gonna go in contrast to
Michelle my favorite penguins are a
delis and those are the ones I study so
I'm not biased at all but um they are
just incredibly engaging they have so
much attitude and I think there is
definitely a little bit of like we feel
connected to them because they're very
sort of human like they walk on two feet
and they walk with their flippers out
and they look like they want to be
picked up you don't but you look like
thank you so much we are going to leave
it there thank you for joining us today
on the stream from penguins we move on
to some of the world's sinking cities
and one of those Jakarta Indonesia this
video is filmed by a mass in Japan Suki
of the sinking cities project take a
look
Jakarta the second largest urban area in
the world could soon find itself to the
water but sea levels rising globally
many other close to cities will face
similar threats
so right now we're standing on the the
North Jakarta seawall on my right hand
side is the Java Sea and on my left hand
side about two meters lower is is North
Jakarta is the land of Jakarta and this
part of Jakarta has subsided has sunk so
much that if I stand on the other side
of the seawall I'm exactly 2 meters tall
I'm I level with the boats the hulls of
the boat on this other side if this sea
won't were to break and it's already
leaking in a few spots
about 40 percent of Jakarta would be
flooded to a depth of 1 or 2 meters it's
it's quite a precarious situation in 15
years 80% of jakarta's northern part
will lie below sea level Jakarta is one
of the fastest sinking cities in the
world and researchers say that if it's
left unchecked parts of it could be
fully submerged by 2050 the sprawling
mega city is home to more than 10
million people right now it is sinking
at an average rate of 1.5 centimeters a
year and almost half of its area sits
below sea level
so what is making Jakarta and other
major cities like it sink victor Coonan
is the project manager of the Jakarta
coastal defense strategy master plan and
Indonesia representative for wooden beam
and boss a Dutch engineering consultancy
and Jeff Goodell is a contributing
editor for Rolling Stone magazine and
author of the water will come welcome to
the stream gentlemen I want to start
with a video comment we got from Marcin
who shot the film you saw just a few
minutes earlier this is what he told us
about what it's like in jacquards are
now right now the only thing that
protects the city of Jakarta from the
sea is a very narrow wall it's about six
feet tall and about two feet wide and
it's soar the leaking in many spots and
the wall is quite frequently overpowered
by the stormy sea and when that happens
large large areas of the city get
flooded
it's a victor what's causing Jakarta to
think actually it's a overuse of
groundwater Jakarta is basically pumping
itself in into the earth used to be a
city above sea level large parts already
to 3 meters below sea level and going
fast you will set in the introduction
1/2 centimeters average in northern
Jakarta is 7 1/2 centimeters per year 7
hour centimeters and we have sections
where we measure 20 centimeters per year
so this is an alarmist rate and very
difficult to keep up with flood defense
systems Jeff you've been looking at
cities around the world that are sinking
and studied them quite up close and then
writing epic books about them just to
wake us all up should we be terrified
that this is happening yeah we should be
terrified in a kind of thoughtful way I
mean its first of all it's a really
important point out that jakarta's
sinking is not typical of the risks that
cities face around the world I mean they
have a particularly bad problem with
subsidence in other cities like Venice
I've had problems with that also in New
Orleans and the Gulf Coast but the real
problem for cities around the world and
the real thing to sort of be thinking
about is rising seas because when you
have in cities like Jakarta where
they're obviously where they're sinking
and you have rising seas it's even worse
but for cities like Miami and New York
and London and you know the Netherlands
many places around the world rising seas
themselves are a significant challenge
so based on that Jeff we got this tweet
from Jose because we tweeted out your
article about Miami and Jose says you
don't have to just imagine this visit
Bangkok Jakarta or Hanoi it's a new
normal for these and other cities around
the world
rampant development and more powerful
monsoons are making the situation
unmanageable so he goes on to tell us
how people are adapting he says my
impression from Southeast Asia is
how the people have adapted their daily
activities primarily shifting their work
schedules to avoid rush hour already
congested roadways turn from parking
lots to wading pools when the storms
roll in of course it is not that bad yet
in Miami but do you think people are
shifting their thinking to think about
adapting well they are starting to shift
their thinking you know I spend a good
amount of time in Legos in Nigeria and
looked at some of the people living on
the water there and they're very kind of
adaptable but the real problem is that
the amount of infrastructure that's at
risk in cities like Miami for example
that's a you know textbook place that
are that are not adaptable you know you
can't just pick up all those you know
multi-million dollar hotels that are
built along the beaches on Miami Beach
there's huge amount of homes and
residential condos and things that are
built in South Florida that are at risk
as you're talking I want to show a drift
that you actually shed on your Twitter
feed it says one shift that pretty much
explains why I wrote the water will come
can you explain what we're seeing is it
basically an you know an inundation
model of what Miami looks like today
when you see all the white and then as
you see the blue flowing and that's with
seven feet of sea level rise which is
sort of the high end of what we might
imagine will happen by the end of the
century and you know you can see it at
Miami as we know it's a day basically
it's gone and so you can think about
adaptation with floating structures and
things like that but when you have that
kind of inundation you know adaptation
is is very expensive very complicated
and what's really going to end up
happening is a kind of retreat from away
from the coastlines Victor I want to
share with you this tweet we got from I
am trachoma he says many people think
the theory of sinking cities is not real
if only they could still be alive by the
next century is it too late for Jakarta
and other cities Victor luckily we are
quite inovative in
as human beings species so we find ways
to survive also in a city like Jakarta
people are very resilient here so I'm
not a doomsday guy but the problems are
really serious and we should should
address them and I wonder if it has
enough get enough attention from
politicians because it's a creeping
problem it's it's it's slow slowly
developing problem and most politicians
would like to act on the daily issues
and you're doing something about it tell
us about your project well we we are
trying to find a strategy for the short
term and the long term for city of
Jakarta and that is now finished and we
are in stage one basically upgrading the
existing infrastructure adding two and a
half meters to all the sea walls in the
city
adding except pumping stations it's it's
it's the cost are immense it's to now
billion USDollar just for the upgrading
of the existing system and that is not
sustainable I mean in 50 years
another upgrade is required so these are
expensive expensive undertakings a story
to check back in on for the stream Thank
You Victor thank you Jeff we'll be
following this topic now from sinking
cities to the 2018 global heat wave
regardless of where you live it's
impossible that you haven't been
affected by the record-breaking weather
of this year this is hunnid he's a
member of our community from Somalia and
this is what he sent us climate changes
affected my city and my country and
serious problems occur ranging from
droughts to flooding now in 2017 there
has been serious effects of drought tens
of thousands of life stocks has been
missed farming season has wasted and
there's also been displacements a lot of
people's visit from their homes so here
to break down all of this weather we
have Rob McAlary he is a meteorologist
here
of course you know that Robert it's
really good to have you you must be
inundated right now with people asking
you why is it so hot and what do you say
yes well yeah there was a flurry of
activity just last week because if you
look at your phone the forecast
temperatures in Spain for example 48 50
degrees now the highest temperature
recorded in Europe is 48 so this was
this is a bit of fun Eunice was chasing
hot weather where you expect to have hot
weather now they never achieved the 48
but one thing that wasn't notable was a
very warm night that this in our beer
you know warm nights this is one of the
biggest problems of a land-based heat
wave just one of them and maybe it's not
surprising that you find that in Spain
but as you probably know yeah the
questions were why is it so warm in
Northern Europe even beyond the Arctic
Circle this takes us maybe to two
penguins
I'll be the second one of your guests to
say I don't necessarily the reason why
this is happening but I can tell you
this is unusual 30 degrees in Murmansk
if for example a nine-day heat wave of
course that's beyond the Arctic Circle
it extended all the way down through to
Denmark the British Isles so we've had
poor potato harvest in Belgium as a
result of that there's been a an
unheard-of
drought and this part of the world of
course of Sweden had well the worst
wildfires they've ever had
it's basically sitting up and that we
could explain as opposed the mechanism
this is a big dome of hot air if you
think about it's a big hot rock
underneath which Scandinavia sits and
around which see this thing behind me
that's suggest for you but all that
means is all the weather all the rain is
going around the edge and this is just
sitting getting hotter 24 hours worth of
daylight after all so Rob we've got this
comment here from Mohammed who sent us
that video comment and he tweets in this
is a totally new phenomenon we need to
think of nationally affordable cooling
strategies I remember it used to reach
around 43 degrees Celsius in northern
regions of my country and it's never
caused such problems do you agree that
this is a new phenomenon that we're
witnessing here well it it is clearly
new in if we're breaking records are the
implies isn't it doesn't apply it means
it's never happened before
and it's not so much that you just break
a records that happens every years this
is the longevity of it
I mean to see a heatwave that
effectively lasted more or less two
three four five weeks and prevented rain
that's the young common thing that's the
thing you don't really want us that's
the consequence if you like of this and
yeah that's unprecedented and Rob this
idea since records began it since the
records began so it could have been
hotter just weren't writing it down the
idea of since records began it's it's a
specific date that we're talking about
you make a perfectly good point they if
you don't have a good string of records
you can't say this has never happened
before this will have happened before
ten thousand years ago which we do have
ways of getting records that far back
ice cores for example analyzing the gas
in rocks you can get a good idea of what
it was like a long time before we wrote
it down but there actually there are
records going back two or three hundred
years in all these northern European
cities at the same place and reliable so
you can judge it against that so even
from that it's 200 years he does it's a
good time that humans have been in this
part of the world and and we've beat
that where we're going to go to next on
the map of the globe rub take us on well
let me let me keep you going around the
north of the Arctic Circle just because
Siberia this is a place where permafrost
you would think would stop anything
severe happening except in the winter
when it gets cold and snow where we get
wildfires this year we've had ten times
as many as where you won't expect to
have in Siberia basically same sort of
reason this persistent pattern of
daytime heating just gets hotter and
hotter therefore it's dry even though
the permafrost is melting underneath and
if you come down just to Japan Japan's
heatwave was deadly 138 deaths 41
degrees has never been measured in Japan
another one of these long levels in fact
he's about 35 now it's just started
raining so it's cooled down but it was
good and in the Korean Peninsula the
temperatures aren't as high but the
consequences are just the same so I've
taken you across Asia briefly before you
cut me back cutting again across the
other side of the Pacific good down in
California no we're not talking about
wildfires because that's the drought and
the early wildfires in the north or down
the south we've had more record
temperatures in LA it is always hard
here admittedly but they've not actually
registered 44 before and more
importantly and this goes back
you've been talked about before though
the warmth of the water 27 degrees is
like a nice warm bath that's never been
rec registered off coast of San Diego
and that's happened just a couple of
days ago Rob we got a comment here live
on YouTube from someone who says how was
the increase in average nightly
temperatures how is it going to affect
the average agricultural sector will it
what's your thought well I think we've
already seen it as I hinted in Northern
Europe if you increase the average
temperatures then it usually means in
certain places it's a lot hotter in some
places it's a lot cooler or wetter but
the thing is it's the persistence in
that that that potato crop in Belgium
$0.25 down because though the average
tariff to the world has gone up say
point six degrees in the last little
while if you like it's gone up four or
five degrees with no rain this summer so
it it happens very quickly in one season
so you can increase the amount of energy
you can take out of the atmosphere yeah
just got 30 seconds left I have to get
this in you've had an entire career from
a young man to now as a meteorologist I
want to show a couple of our audience
pictures that they may not have seen
before they haven't been following you
your career a very young man there have
you ever seen anything quite like this
before because you have some vast
experience to draw on but the thing that
really got me interested in and look at
this in the first place was the El Nino
that's the big moment of cold water in
1997-98 which meant that temperatures in
India were breaking records by several
degrees and I thought this is unusual
this cannot be right so that's what
brought me in into it and that was that
was 30 20 or 30 years ago all right and
still going strong thank you rob for
joining us remember if you'd like to
pick up the story or a show topic tweet
us at AJ stream I'll see you online
