the casualties of Yemen's war go way
beyond the bombs and bullets lack of
food is the greatest threat rana
holidays we can severely malnourished
she's nine years old but weighs only
nine kilograms the ideal weight for a
one-year-old baby has been sick for
almost four years I took her to several
hospitals when they failed to treat her
I took her to a flower Hospital the
pediatrician there examined her and
found a big stone three centimeters in
size in her kidney doctors at Yemen's
all for a hospital in the port city of
her data are doing all they can to save
Ranas life she was suffering from severe
pain in her left side after diagnosis we
discovered that she has a fully blocked
kidney we managed to do the operation
for free but she didn't get any better
due to malnutrition Yemen has always
been desperately poor but the war has
made things much worse while food prices
rise incomes are plummeted with frequent
air strikes it's difficult for people to
leave their homes the destruction of
roads and bridges have limited the
supply of vital supplies of food and
fuel to our population already suffering
my nutrition department receives more
than 20 cases a week from her data and
neighbouring areas this is because of
the current situation in the country and
because of the closure of health centers
outside the province due to fear of
shelling also because of the financial
situation and lack of jobs for father's
families cannot meet their basic needs
according to the UN 2.8 million people
have been driven away from their homes
by the bombing in Yemen many of them are
living in grim comes in the middle of
the country surviving on meager relief
handouts whose deliveries are few and
far between the World Health
Organization is in the middle of a large
drive to prevent a recurrence of cholera
in ofany Yemen
the destruction to the country's water
and sanitation facilities has already
caused an outbreak which affected more
than a million people wh all officials
say any major outbreak in the middle of
the malnutrition crisis could worsen the
humanitarian crisis Mohammed Al Jazeera
Djibouti
