I'm going to issue a shrimper of
instances of soul which is Hana child
chief you know leadership during a haiku
me Lygia
today we documented torture we
documented ill treatment several of our
interviewees told us they were so
despondent at how they were being
treated and that they had no way of
knowing how long they would be there
that they had contemplated suicide the
only way back out of these facilities is
to show the guards were satisfied the
guards that you're sufficiently
politically loyal to the government
party
or language or cultural or religious is
under attack
this is an issue that effect Oh fellas
every wiggle family in diaspora has a
family members dating is a cam Shinyoung
shishi gashira tons of Fortune retire -
and him - father to India to mention
only if a demon affiliate or fault
infantry photo
you
