across the Philippines battling nature's
fury is a part of life and death floods
earthquakes and typhoons ravage this
nation with terrifying frequency but
amid the chaos and devastation some of
the country's largest corporations are
finding golden opportunities to profit
from the misery i'm steve child on this
edition of one on one East we
investigate the rise of disaster
capitalism in the Philippines the
Philippine island of Leyte is no
stranger to catastrophe
I was here five years ago when it was
still reeling from super typhoon haiyan
the strongest storm to ever hit the
country more than six thousand people
were killed and 4 million displaced by
hai Ann's fury across Leyte island towns
were flattened bodies buried in the
rubble Tanoa was one of the hardest hit
cities it came so fast the same course
and I first met bear peltex on in the
aftermath of the disaster his hometown
was in crisis hundreds were dead or
missing and the city destroyed the Town
Hall was transformed into an emergency
medical center it's a very different
scene today so this is your amphitheater
and public space that you've redeveloped
essentially exactly this is a living
room in the town so we have pel proudly
shows me to now ins new town square an
ad-free theater sporting complex and
memorial sites have been built with the
help of corporate investors it's an
amazing transformation
considering this area was a temporary
morgue during the crisis yeah there are
over 600 bodies loved ones here in the
mass grave but we wanted people to be
comfortable back again the plaza here
okay this is not something you know that
the children should be scared of you
know and I'm very happy that life is
back here in ten I want
resilience is a point of pride here and
pel says it's the island people who
deserve much of the credit for its
revival ever tell you Andrew it's the
people I'm very proud of the people of
the noun 1 and people of late in general
but there's another factor driving the
recovery of towns across light a big
corporations I truly believe that the
partnership in the private and
government sector is very important it
has to be there and that's why their
rehabilitation here in the internal one
in late in general was was very fast
he beat storm survivors do still need
help but insist poverty rates are
dropping thanks to the corporate sector
as more investments come to the non one
part of degree the arrangements is for
them to hire local folks to work for
them ok so this will create job
opportunities some critics have said
that the pre building of post high on
communities has been very investment
oriented and communities are being
denied access to the wealth that's being
generated as a mayor of one of these
communities is that a fair observation I
do not think so those two go
hand-in-hand Andrew okay
investment is there for development
laughing ok it's part again it's it's
part of the strategy
typhoon haiyan marked a dramatic change
in how the philippines respond to
disasters for the first time ever the
government asked 20 private corporations
to lead rebuilding Danilo Antonio was
second in charge at the national
reconstruction agency set up to help
high-end survivors with over 35 years of
corporate experience Danilo says he
encouraged his boss senator pan Phil ol
axon to tap the country's biggest
companies for help with my experience in
the private sector my network was white
I was practically dealing with all the
major conglomerates in the Philippines
so everybody was a friend so when I
called upon them in saying we need you
here to help they said hey we were
always too willing to help just tell us
how and when and where and how much
that's why we were able to channel a lot
of them pretty fast so you were the
brainchild of the private sector
response yes because I thought I'm from
the private sector I'm a real estate
practitioner I had absolutely no
experience in government when Senator in
secretary lacson invited me I felt like
I won the lottery okay Rosario Bella
kuzmin leads ebon an NGO which monitors
the rebuilding of Typhoon affected areas
she says the private sector was keen to
cash in on the disaster
typhoon Haiyan actually it was the
beginning of a very very bad
reconstruction program
the plan is focused on infrastructure
because infrastructure is more lucrative
than building houses building
resettlement sites they want to profit
from it and that's disaster capitalism
at its finest disaster capitalism is a
term that describes big companies
exploiting catastrophe for profit and
Rosario says here in one of the world's
most disaster-prone nations the
government helps them do it actually in
the Philippines sense this is a way of
your local government getting its share
of the loot if I should say that getting
its share of how the private
corporations are making money out of
after the trauma or the shock these
people have after the disaster and and
they're they're really making a killing
while local governments denied directly
profiting from the disaster it appears
companies are benefiting from official
policies
soon after typhoon Haiyan struck the
Philippines government declared no
building would be allowed within 40
metres of the coastline but then they
changed the rules companies have been
given the green light to build
businesses on this prime real estate if
you are really concerned about the
future hazards of another storm surge
then why would you build something here
this is disaster capitalism Philippine
style
now storm survivors who ignored the
housing ban and rebuilt their lives
along the coast are receiving eviction
notices here it's the community but the
government caused them informal dwellers
it's so easy to remove them get them out
of the way so that corporations can cash
in or can speculate on the land value
and eventually set up profiles across
the central Philippines the government
promised to build two hundred and five
thousand houses the storm survivors but
only a third of them have been completed
at Ridge View Park ten kilometres inland
we visit one of the few new housing
estates on Leyte built in 2015 residents
tell Rosario that many of these homes
have already fallen into disrepair you
see the houses they're really
substandard the construction is
substandard electricity is connected to
a main post so it's not really available
in the houses water is being fetched
from a tank it's being delivered by a
private corporation Rosario says the
biggest problem is these housing estates
a too remote far away from public
transport business areas and the
coastline a lot of them used to be
fisher folk and but now they don't have
they don't have the ocean they don't
have their boats so they just have odd
jobs
this place is bereft of social services
is bereft of livelihood opportunities
it's not what a relocation site should
while housing for storm survivors
appears to be a low priority
construction of this 27-kilometer
seawall is going full steam ahead locals
call it the great wall of light aid but
Rosario is unimpressed arguing such
projects only benefit the construction
companies building them and she says it
won't even do its job of protecting
people from terrifying storm surges in
the future first of all it's too low the
highest it can get will be four meters
storm surge reach three storey high
actually they had to kill about hundred
hectares of mangroves which are natural
storm surge protectors just to build the
wall
so that's crazy they have been actually
making the people more vulnerable to
disasters by their own policies and by
their own profiteering Danilo Antonio
defends the reconstruction role of
corporations saying in the aftermath of
Typhoon Haiyan government departments
couldn't move fast enough the problem is
the government sector not doing its job
it was the private sector who came in
with their you know all of their
equipment manpower choppers coming in
their generators they were there
immediately because they had the
resources no everybody with private
planes from the private sector just say
if you need our planes and pilots just
holler and you know we'll we'll make
them available if we have to go through
the government machinery just to get a
plane ticket we'll never get anywhere so
that's how we could travel you know all
over the place they just want that to
help
forty-four Philippine provinces across
19 islands were affected by Typhoon
Haiyan the government divided up the
crisis zone and allowed corporations to
choose which areas they wanted to
rebuild so that's why I propose that we
group the entire devastated region into
24 parts okay it's part to be organized
and the recovery basis by one principal
corporate-sponsored because that's
normally what we do also in the very big
real estate development what businesses
promised anything in return for helping
with her recovery president zero none at
all at the time what mechanisms were in
place to hold them accountable given
this was the first time that the private
sector was involved in disaster recovery
at that particular well there there were
in much
there wasn't any existing mechanism been
west of lighter SiC agon is a tiny
island boasting pristine picture
postcard beauty
after high on one of the nation's
largest business conglomerates al
volunteered to help rebuild he already
had plans to turn the island into a
multi-million dollar eco tourism
destination they partnered with City Co
a company which already owns 70% of the
island and has operated resorts here for
nearly 50 years
in the Philippines thicker Gong is known
at Paradise Island and from
it's easy to see why about 6,000 people
used to call Sicard on home until they
were displaced by the storm now only a
few scattered villages remain village
chief Winifred Gonzales says many were
blocked by the two companies from
returning some of those who did return
are now forced to squat on a small piece
of public land people living here are
people without any option so it's a
desperate situation
yeah registration he says the remaining
residents are being threatened with
eviction so that a Yeller can build new
tourist benches what happened in sitting
on is disaster capitalism they took
advantage of the situation after the
tragedy they are the only one benefiting
they left the people here with nothing
they are only thinking of themselves
a month before Haiyan struck a
government agriculture scheme granted
parcels of farmland to more than 200
households the resort company City Co
contested the decision in court because
it would have forced them to hand over
1/3 of their land but when the typhoon
hit it changed everything and we know
Fred alleges that with almost all the
homes and buildings destroyed city co
and a Yala had the real estate
opportunity of a lifetime you can see a
typhoon coming and you know it will
destroy you in a day but you can't see
how they are going to destroy you
it's difficult to fight these people
they have a strong connection with our
government Danilo Antonio depends the
company's actions a lot of these people
were illegal settlers there ok what what
the the private sector who own the
properties couldn't do high-end bid for
them I mean they got wiped out so of
course when they're no longer their
private sector would
their own property city it wasn't a
disaster that they created this is a
compromised framework of agreement we've
uncovered legal documents that show a
Yala and silico ask the villagers to
surrender any claims to their land and
leave sick agon in return they would
receive a three thousand dollar cash
payout or $100 and a house on a nearby
island Rao Ramos a village elder
represented the resonance in
negotiations with the companies the
advantage of the situation
that the people are starving for food
they are very hungry they have they have
no source of livelihood their boats were
all smashed by the dipole even though I
Allah has a reconstruction partner was
supposed to help the islands residents
Ralph alleges the company only gave them
meagre rations so they would be forced
out the appeals to the community they
told us that Allah well they basically
said good but but they did not give
fishermen an acetal Mercurio took the
money because he thought it would be
enough to feed his six children and
build a new home but he says like most
villagers who took the deal he was poor
again after just a few months in
hindsight was this a good deal to sign
so I can tell I regret signing the deal
I took a chance on it out of desperation
because we were so bad
but I have nothing left in 2014 a year
after the storm hit Anna Seto took a job
back in sick agon as a security guard
for a yalla and Sudoku he alleges the
guards harassed and attacked storm
survivors who refused to leave Anna Seto
recalls one disturbing incident they
destroyed their house and told him to
leave they even fired a gun next to a
pregnant woman
he also confirms the two companies wrote
this memo instructing all nearby boat
operators and village chiefs to stop
supplying building materials to sick
agon storm survivors Aniceto alleges
that security guards like him were given
similar instructions and says it was a
way to pressure the villages to give up
their land yes that's it yes we received
this memo we made sure to block the
boats so nobody could bring in any
building materials to rebuild their
houses including we didn't allow it into
the
I am got most of the supplies were
coming from NGOs but we did not allow it
after I saw this
I felt very embarrassed about what it
was I was doing because I knew a lot of
my relatives had houses that were
destroyed just like mine but I still
followed the orders as tensions on the
island rose government agencies struck a
compromise deal if the villagers gave
unconditional support to a Yala
and siddik owes tourist ventures the
companies would supply a resettlement
sized farmland and more than seven
hundred thousand dollars through a work
training scheme as soon as the deal was
signed a Yala's started building a new
resource and the airport but residents
allege that neither have delivered on
any of their promises to the island they
came out with an agreement but that
agreement was useless
it only benefited their own development
well develop a plan la Villa sakae ozawa
well I'm not Eric
silico decline an interview but in a
written response they call the
allegations false and malicious but in
the capital Manila a yalla do agree to
speak to us at their main office I meet
with one of the company's directors
rural Mariner he heads the philanthropic
arm of the company deliala exploits its
position as a rehabilitation partner to
attain prime real estate on sec ago I
think the term exploit might be too
harsh for us because we are very
transparent and authentic with our plans
and these are actually shared to the
right channels particularly to the local
government units actually such disaster
is way beyond business initiative in I
Alice keys actually what we saw was an
opportunity to respond to those who are
affected I show him the letters written
by city co and a yalla that order boats
to stop delivering supplies to storm
survivors less than a year after typhoon
Haiyan hit SiC agon what I just don't
understand is I was there during high on
during this time of calamity I just
don't understand how it is responsible
behavior from you know anyone well I
totally agree with you but again I would
want to understand further the context
of how it was being offered in such
profusion to the fusel happen who you
investigate miss director well now that
you extend it to us and if it really
affects our our own organization
indefinitely we'll look into the
veracity of this when we asked if the
company will deliver on its agreement to
the residence something that has not
happened for the last four years he gave
a very carefully worded response
definitely we will uphold the agreement
that are within the legal bounds that we
have entered now if there will be
certain developments then we will keep
our options open to determine what is
mutually beneficial to all stakeholders
Ayala continues to
on the front line of disaster recovery
through its involvement in the
Philippine disaster resilience
foundation or PDR F praised by the UN
the foundation opened the world's first
private Emergency Operations Center in
April 18 major Filipino businesses are
members of the organization together
they have partnered with the government
to provide disaster education programs
deliver relief and coordinate national
emergency responses the president of the
foundation which Meili seasoned as a
model of corporate response that can be
used in other developing countries it's
not just groundbreaking for the
Philippines it's groundbreaking for the
rest of the world it's to become a role
model actually for for everybody else
but critics describe the PD RF as
another form of disaster capitalism
actually the PD RF is it has to be
rendered by the local governments it's
it's not your benevolent act on the part
of the ILS it's it's something it's a
structure just like any other
infrastructure that when you use it the
government has to pay for it you can
call it public-private partnership but
it's really the government subsidizing
the profits of the corporation is the
PRF just an easy way for companies to
further entrench themselves in the
profits of doing infrastructure after
big disaster I don't see I don't see
that at all I know that there's a
natural suspicion particularly in the
part of the manatorian sector or other
parts there's a natural skepticism
perhaps towards business there's always
a gain or a profit motive behind it but
he concedes there are incentives well
for one thing they want to be seen as
good corporate citizens so it's good
public relations the other element is
that for a company it makes good
business sense to get the economy up and
running to get their customers able to
pay for their services and so there is
an element
of self-interest there meanwhile on sick
agon community leader Winifred Gonzales
fears it corporations are left in charge
of disaster relief what happened on his
Island will happen again to other
communities it's not fair that this
happens if they like your Island they
will do anything they can to chase the
people out all for their own interests
but he says the islands residents will
not give up we have no choice but to
face it it is our right that we are
fighting for we should not just
surrender our humanity or our dignity to
these rich people because if we give
this to them
what is left for us nothing
when the Philippines is hit by disaster
the world's attention is focused on the
immediate horror but for many survivors
here the hardship continues for years
after in a poor archipelago at the mercy
of typhoons and tycoons
