I'll sell Fredo is among those waiting
outside the courts in managua to try and
see his brother it's been a month since
my dad or my Rena a campesino leader and
high-profile government opponent was
charged with terrorism and planning the
murder of police officers posi Alfredo's
only been allowed to see him once what
he heard was disquieting he told us that
in the chapatti prison they hit him on
the head the chest the ribs the stomach
that they put him on his knees and they
told him they were going to kill his
children he's not the only worried
relative as he waited to see his brother
across town thousands march to demand
the release of what human rights groups
estimate are hundreds of prisoners they
say that a crackdown on anti-government
protests by police and shadowy
paramilitary groups has meant not just
illegal detentions but torture and
disappearances human rights leader Vilma
Nunez was imprisoned under a past
dictator just like President Daniel
Ortega she says he's become what he
struggled against Daniel Ortega has
converted Nicaragua into a jail there's
not just political prisoners in Managua
but in other cities across the country
the majority of them are detained
illegally for more than 48 hours without
starting their judicial process they're
practically disappeared the government
says those in prison are terrorists or
violent provocateurs some protesters had
weapons and 22 policemen were killed al
Jazeera asked the police and the
interior ministry for comment we didn't
hear back but the main message from
authorities is that now the crisis is
over President Daniel Ortega says that
everything is back to normal in
Nicaragua now these marches although
smaller than
are a strong indication that that's not
the case the people that we've talked to
in the country say that they feel fear
but also shock and pain that after a
long period of peace and security in
there could I were the situation's
changed
we saw Jose Alfredo in the March and
asked him if he'd finally been able to
see his brother not ning√∫n in for the
matter no nothing no information we were
at the door from 7:00 a.m. and still
nothing for him and many others here the
weight and the worry continued John
Holman al-jazeera Manawa
