for nearly 50 of his 70 years Unum comm
King has been a treasure hunter since he
was a boy he's lived on the Chao Phraya
River and has spent a great deal of time
in its murky water using his homemade
equipment to dive for underwater
treasure with bangkok skyline looming in
the distance he heads up River like he
has thousands of times before but admits
he still gets excited before each dive
I've been doing this for a long time and
I don't think I will quit it I will
continue to dive until I die
I am always aware of the danger because
down in the river there are wrecked and
dangerous things that might be carried
by the current then hits me he and the
other divers go as deep as 20 metres but
with near zero visibility they filled
their way around the river bottom as
they search for treasure so Dom has
decided to come to this spot for today's
dive that's because there used to be a
river community similar to theirs that
call this home decades ago and the
current is very strong right now so it's
better for their hunting to be closer to
the shore Oh Dom is happy with today's
bounty some coins in China from a few
hundred years ago but the standout piece
a hundred-year-old opium pipe the
material is phenomenal in the early 20th
century and we found that in the Alia of
in the area that have an opium house in
in desktop the pipe will fetch about $20
from a dealer then sold in a market for
about 30 they've never found Antiquities
and that's a good thing because their
treasure hunting is technically illegal
but the police don't bother them as
their findings are not too valuable
odomes treasure hunting is a family
business his main diving buddy his 46
year old son come home they make about
three hundred and fifty dollars a month
but it's about much more than the money
when clay
a diamond can be compared to a fish they
both always need to swim like doing
exercise every day so the man is very
healthy but when he's put on shore he'll
be like a fish dying out of water he'll
get sick Camp Owen is worried about his
father there's a government deadline
looming over their community built on
stilts they are to be relocated by the
end of the year that would put them out
of reach of the river and their treasure
hunting the only way Adama has ever
known
to provide for his family Scot hi there
al Jazeera Bangkok
