there are so many uber drivers on the
streets of New York the city is now
putting on the brakes the city's Mayor
Bill DeBlasio signed into law at first
of its kind cap on ride-sharing cars
like uber and its main competitor lyft
halting the issuing of new licenses for
ride-sharing cars for at least a year
it's welcome news for yellow taxi
drivers rideshare cars now outnumber
them on new york city streets by nearly
10 to 1 and last year for the first time
ever
uber overtook yellow cabs in daily
ridership New York's yellow taxi drivers
have been pushing the city hard for the
limit saying the increase in ubers have
left them hurting financially last five
years city did not pay any attention and
they are just to give a free hand to who
bars to make money with the way they
want just in the past eight months six
New York City Taxi drivers have
committed suicide advocates and
activists say it's because of increased
financial pressure on longtime yellow
cab drivers like this pressure is being
accumulated because of increased
competition from services such as uber
and lyft sometimes hailing a taxi is
easy and sometimes it's not
uber fought against this measure arguing
it would adversely affect blacks and
Latinos living in poor neighborhoods who
have long complained of often being
refused service by yellow cab drivers
the ride-sharing firms had the support
of the city's civil rights groups and an
industry that has discriminated against
communities of color since their
inception now for almost a hundred years
is now crying foul because they don't
have a monopoly anymore
the city hoping however the cap on
ride-sharing cars will level the playing
field a profit sharing for all drivers
and maybe even save the iconic yellow
taxi industry gabriel's Ando al Jazeera
your
