police imported prints fired live
ammunition at unarmed protesters
Wednesday as thousands spilled onto the
streets in the capital and across the
country the demonstrators accused the
ruling party of corruption and ignoring
the needs of its people we're living in
the country where there's no health care
there's no good schools for our children
and the farmers are abandoned with no
support from the government and in the
same country you have a couple of people
who stole over three billion dollars
Haitians are demanding an investigation
into what happened to some 3.8 billion
dollars from a Venezuelan oil agreement
the money from the Petrocaribe fund was
supposed to be for social development
and Public Works yet 11 years after the
fund was started 40,000 Haitians still
live in displacement camps and millions
of people have no running water water is
life for us and without it we cannot
live we don't even have enough water for
our toilets protesters accuse
politicians and administrators of
embezzling the money the protest
campaign started on Twitter two months
ago with a hashtags Petrocaribe
challenge and where is the Petrocaribe
money
you see banners and sort of people
coming together and sort of again from
very different walks of life from
different political backgrounds from
different socioeconomic backgrounds
Haiti's president jovenel moise is
himself implicated in the corruption
scandal as he commemorated the death of
Haiti's founding father Wednesday the
sound of protesters could be heard
throughout the event under mounting
public pressure Moyes says he supports
an independent investigation we have a
big protest all over the country a big
protest to request that the government
of jovenel moise
gives us an explanation as to how the
money from Petrocaribe was spent with
businesses shuttered and schools closed
around the country Haitians say this
protest is unlike those that have
gripped the country in the past they say
this time the people are more United
they say this time the government will
be held accountable
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera
