we are a leader as his son was correct
like banana deal dear
novice media person and you can scan it
mark new domain sir
the DeSantis calculate bang comical OCT
rock hard whom did the company they buy
MacArthur creamy and it's cleaver
postcard they are not some exhibit in a
living museum so why are people living
in indigenous communities treated like
that I am for me okay I'm Mallika Bilal
and part two of our indigenous view
series we asked is there an ethical way
to research indigenous communities to us
your thoughts or leave them in the live
YouTube chat and you too could be in the
stream and you are in the stream
for many years indigenous communities
around the world have been bombarded
with scientists seeking to learn from
man's earliest ancestors but now those
communities are pushing back three
groups of sand people in South Africa
have established guidelines for
researchers the sand code up research
ethics outlines how they expect to be
treated similar rules have been
developed by other indigenous people in
North America and Australia here to
discuss this from Johannesburg South
Africa we have Anthony Philip Williams
he's the executive chairman of the
indigenous First Nation advocacy group
in South Africa in Canberra Australia
Tom karma
he's an indigenous social justice and
human rights advocate and in Toronto
Canada Julie Boer she's an Inuk
researcher hello everybody so good to
have you here let's start with some
headlines the stories you could tell I'm
sure grand chief horrified that a berta
currently allows organ harvesting from
children who died in provincial care
Canada's shameful history of nutrition
research and residential school children
do one more here
indigenous DNA at cent of ethical for
Rory could help reconnect stolen
generations which makes me think ideas
and practices like that led to the sand
people of South Africa giving out a code
of ethics for researchers but Anthony
it's not just use its indigenous groups
around the world but can you give us one
story that leads to indigenous
communities saying okay guys you need to
have some kind of protocol with how you
work with us we're not here for your
private use give us one story that
illustrates that perfectly Anthony no
absolutely I think one of the the very
serious concerns that we have developed
I personally have taken a number of
researchers and those in the media space
you know in particular to the places
like the Tala Hari desert where the
Bushmen people are are still located and
and what we have experienced we continue
to experience what is called what I
personally want to call educational
dominance as one of those very
and you know experiences where somebody
who's who's an educationist or someone
who's who is a sam who's got some some
doctorate or some degrees who comes down
to the community at local level and then
dominate them you know what they would
intimidate them basically with their
with their knowledge to the extent that
they not only dominate but I also
materially dominate them they come at
times and they they must use the people
so they've got a little bit of money and
they what they normally do is they would
violate the local leadership and they
would just access the local community
without proper protocols and these are
some of the things that we thought we
need to relook and therefore I think
from and particularly this was the
thinking of the same there's the the
same Institute in and also our our this
is also our approach here as a community
that we cannot allow for people just to
come with a personal bias and just walk
away
with the price JD who would do that
it seems so rude yeah I mean a lot of
people say that to me but you know it's
not just ancient history that we can we
can look to now I have examples of just
this year in 2018 2017 of researchers
who maybe they don't know or maybe they
do know when they try to skirt what the
protocols may be and one of the biggest
challenges we find here in Canada and
I'm presumably around the world is that
often the ethics protocols that exist
within researchers institutions is based
on individual protections in research
and when we're working with indigenous
people there is an additional layer of
approval and consent that needs to
happen at the community or collective
level and so often the exploitation can
happen when people don't do that part
and just for whatever reason find people
in the community who will participate
and you know we often talk about voter
ability but indigenous people are only
vulnerable in relation to the people who
have been making us vulnerable in
research we are not inherently
vulnerable and yet a lot of the
protections that are put in place at
institutional levels are done in such a
way
that it sounds as if indigenous people
cannot make up their own minds or
consent to the research themselves and
that institutions are there to do that
for us when in fact we know that we are
able and capable to make those decisions
for ourselves which is why many
indigenous communities in Canada and
around the world are creating their own
codes of ethics and are simply saying no
to researchers who don't adhere to those
protocols well Julie I hear what you're
saying that I want to share another
example with you all in our audience
this is from Pam on Twitter and Julie
you actually saw this tweet just a few
seconds ago and favorited it so Pam
writes schools universities and some
media historicize us we once lived this
way we once did these things instead of
featuring us as we are now the good the
inspirational the challenges we are
still here she goes on to say that some
media in particular but I will broaden
this out to say this could also go for
researchers need to break out of their
own discriminatory views they don't know
that they have like interviewing
indigenous women on violence against
women and child poverty but saving all
of the political business and legal
commentary for white men so there's just
one example she gives there tom and
we're gonna pivot and give this one over
to you this is just one example that
that pam here on twitter has has brought
up what comes to mind for you look i
think one of the the big discourses
that's happening across australia at the
moment the conversations is about
unconscious bias and you know we all
have it and it's those biases or or the
attitudes and and behaviors that we
developed and what we've learned in the
past i think one of the big areas for us
of concern has been that when you look
at research ethics it's always been
developed by the dominant society the
non-indigenous people and and it comes
from their perspective in what they want
to gain out of it we've now turned that
around in Australia and and developed up
some indigenous research ethics that are
going to apply not only to the major
funding bodies the health research
funding bodies and the the Australian
Research Council but it'll apply to
universities as well so they'll have to
look at adopting it and this family
released you know a couple of weeks ago
and you know it's it's out calling out
now for for made your comment to come
back but but you know what's important
to to look at is that it's not only the
here and now today that we've got to be
concerned about its but it is to look
into the future and try and future-proof
some of our activities because we're
we're still trying to address the legacy
of the past and the research as you
mentioned earlier that's been undertaken
and in Australia we've had a very long
history of of removal of body part and
and you said and spread around the world
under the name of research and many of
those remains are now being returned to
us and so how do we protect that how do
we ensure that those sort of practices
don't happen into the future and people
listening who would just be saying hold
on a minute remove all body parts and
spread around the world what kind of
research is that you just briefly
explain what you mean by that
and then actually saying exactly go
ahead it was you know there was a big
discussion its worldwide actually where
where people are color will always seem
to have a list of lesser intellect and
so they had to measure the brain and so
forth and so so we've seen you know
whole whole heads being taken away you
know places yeah there's there's you
know and others another study
and what's interesting is that they're
still researchers now wanting to get
access to some of those remains that are
in museums around the world in in
research centers and still do research
on them and some of that research may be
valid but it's got to be done with the
full knowledge and consent and and
engagement with everything try to learn
of people so you know that's what I know
absolutely I think this is a very
critical example South Africa has got
has got a very very very clear-cut
example to this everybody the world over
knows the
story about Sara Baartman and how she
has been you know been made the world
you know the French made her some
serious studies about a body of body
parts
Botox etcetera and and there's a there's
a issue right right now in particular
for us as the indigenous people of South
Africa we have been told that the
remains of Sarah Baartman has returned
back to South Africa and and what many
people don't know is it a remains of
Sarah Baartman a still is still in a
stolen museum right around in in France
and these are some of the very very
difficult issues that has not been
addressed and what tom is correctly
alluding to people of color is always
made out to be of less intelligence and
also that if you want to Google
everybody after the show the character
the person that Antony is talking about
is a beautiful African lady who has a
extremely impressive proportions and she
was studied as an exhibit and so go look
at that but not quite yet have a look
here on my computer there is an
organization right now who's trying to
partner partner is the word with
indigenous communities trying to work
with them to say we are working with you
we're not just going to research you and
they put a film together pulling up some
of the really important issues that come
with researching very badly so I want
you to meet Angeles Andrus explains what
it is like to do research the
old-fashioned way what it feels like
have a look a means exclusively uuh by
your pops on
you're a smooth deer it so let me mine
be defense the cannon coming Moo Deary
dear come by the layers cup once
Ronnie's held me pluck me that not only
but once Kabir the layers captured from
unfortunately so researchers couldn't
Andreas coming in through the window
very sneakily and they should be
knocking at the front door and saying is
it ok if I come in I love that visual
Julie you do workshops for researchers
to help them understand I'm just going
to show people a tweet here they they
understand what you do best practices
how do you research well how do you do
this with respect what's the number one
lesson that you teach people well I
think as the the screen just showed
there in the title that research is
reflexive and relational and that really
is the two biggest lessons first of all
you need to ask yourself why you're
doing it if we are non-indigenous people
doing this work why are we doing it is
it simply to perpetuate racist or
discriminatory ways of understanding
indigenous people is it solely for our
own academic careers or our professional
careers what is the benefit to the
community and as was just shown in that
video certainly having that relationship
with the community it you know
communities are not saying that they
don't want research we just want eckel
research and not those ones with the
helicopter researchers who fly in and
and take from us and and to kind of pick
up on what the others were saying it's
not only about biological samples and
human remains there's lots of ways in
which indigenous people are exploited in
research even if it could be simply
through interviewing people we're
collecting so much extracting knowledge
and resources from communities without
giving back to them or having any
benefit to them you know a joke often in
our communities is that you know you
have a mom and a dad and a couple of
kids and anthropologists because you
know everybody is just so used to being
studied all of the time so here is one
other tip from someone on Twitter she
writes research should be a dialogue not
an intrusion and she goes on to say I
think some researchers might approach
and into this community as a commodity
with regards to their work what value
can this community add to my work being
the driving thought process not how can
we work together to do something value
so Anthony she turned it on its head but
have you seen people come and and look
at it the opposite way asking what value
can this and community add to my work
and and what do you do in that instance
well some of the things that we'll be
struggling with to understand you know
when people come to do research in our
communities it's got to do with very few
people and want to try and understand
the local context try and and appreciate
the local context and execute the
research you know in a context you know
of justice or fairness of equity and
also of preservation these are some of
the things that we we find that is
that's missing you know when when when
researchers in particular particular we
just recently had a team of American
guys that I took around you know and
there's there's always the sense of when
they come here they want to get maximum
there wasn't extract maximum you know in
the indigenous knowledge system but they
they are not prepared you know to to
return or to have it as a mutual
beneficial relationship and these are
some of the absolute difficulties that
we are currently that we really
struggling with and so we try to get
these guys to understand that when you
when you engage the community there
these are elements within ethical you
know ethical codes of conduct that you
ensure that you make them part of what
you what you know what you what you're
extracting from the community Tom I'm
gonna show our audience something you've
been working on it's right here on my
laptop it is the National Health and
Medical Research Council just gonna
scroll down here a little bit it's quite
some document ethical conduct in
research with Aboriginal and Torres
Strait Islander peoples and communities
guidelines for researchers and
stakeholders and I look through and this
really left out of me there's six core
values how are you as an indigenous
community say they
is what we need from you did you argue
did you debate how did you come up with
spirit and integrity right there in the
center and then we've got cultural
continuity equity respect reciprocal
recent Pross City that's what Antony was
just talking about and responsibilities
there as well how do you decide that is
what you want from outsiders coming into
your community this is what we've heard
in Australia there's only been really
two to big works looking at at ethics
research ethics from an Aboriginal
trusted honor perspective and one was
done by the Australian Institute of of
studies and and the other by a group
called ninety one which works with
Aboriginal trusted honor people at a
community level and there there are
not-for-profit company I happen to chair
it and but we've done this about ten
years ago we've done that research
working with people and the new research
that we've done through the that you
just mentioned really does get its its
core values from the work that's been
done by others but the majority of
people on on the team that developed up
these guidelines were Aboriginal trusted
honor people from across Australia and
so many of us had had first-hand
experience and it's what we've picked up
over the years in working with people
from communities but I think there's a
couple of really important things to to
share with our listeners and one is that
when we talk about research it's not
just done by academics and and
professional people it's done by
bureaucrats we want to go out and find
out a little from a community it's done
by corporates who who might want to get
access to to Pharma products in you know
in communities you know and it's just
some of this unscrupulous behavior where
where somebody who is in a pair of
positional power goes out and befriends
an Aboriginal person has a
conversation and and our people are very
generous will will talk to people and
then we find out that that person's
taken one of our stories or found out
about a plant that we might use for
medicinal purposes and before you know
it it's suddenly being commercialized
and we don't get any value out of it we
get mining companies going out to to
befriend Aboriginal people so they get
access to our resources so it's it's you
know and I don't want to leave people
with the impression that we're only
talking about academics because we're
not and you know the the other really
big debate that we have to look at is
data sovereignty all the information
that's being collected how do we as
Aboriginal trusted honor people retain
ownership of that and make sure that you
know what we picked up that that data is
not misused and misinterpreted and and
give it a you know a negative picture or
a stereotypical picture of Aboriginal
trust a lot of people when we look at
Australia you know we're a very very
diverse country and and you know there's
three four hundred tribes around
Australia and you know in numerous
language groups and so we can't just see
it as a pan Aboriginal treasure on the
homogeneous viewpoint we've got to work
with the communities and there's
discrete communities and their cultural
practices and that's what culturally so
many important points just in that and
that I want to pick apart a couple of
them so one of them you said this is not
just academics I'm glad you said that
because someone on YouTube is thinking
the same thing this is someone from
Bangladesh and they write for example
we've been using activated charcoal to
clean our teeth for generations the
British said we were dirty and backwards
now ironically it has become a trend in
the West so and of course it's also
being commercialized so that's one
person hearing what you're saying there
but I wanted to turn to this because
what you said also raised this question
Jared here tweets a code of ethics is
only as good as the people who are
charged with implementing it know if you
promise to consult with say First
Nations regarding pipelines oil
extraction and then you don't then the
ethical guidelines have no merit so that
bag is a question Julie coming from
YouTube
how can we ensure that the participants
in any research profit from the research
equal to that of the researcher it's a
hard question Julie this sure is a hard
question and I think that it's one that
we're still struggling with because you
know there is no ethics police so
despite our best efforts to have
policies and protocols and processes in
place it's really hard for communities
and even in academia for that matter for
people to be able to actually police
what happened if we can often save what
we're going to do what we plan to do
that we proposed to do but then there's
nobody that's kind of holding us to
account for that one thing that is
happening slowly but surely is community
members themselves and community
agencies recognize their right to say no
and so the more that that happens the
less likely it is for those researchers
to be able to get into the window rather
than knocking at the front door and
asking for permission because until now
it's been the case that people in
communities often think that they have
to say yes when researchers come in
because they may be physicians or
whatever other profession they may be so
they feel like people in communities
think that they had to say yes to those
people but slowly and surely we're
starting to see community members and
nations and and governments in
indigenous communities saying no and I
think that that's a big a big step
forward in mitigating some of these
challenges guess I have to play this for
you and this is yan and it's from the
trust project global research
documentary that they put together it's
the case for ethics for indigenous
communities and yan is talking about
researchers coming in taking their
knowledge going away and then they're
not seeing anything coming back from it
have a listen to how he puts it
so Leakey's abaya another deep your
drama and he himself can answer some
hopefully come up on by amorous anus and
daffodil a
for schooling the plot in the favela and
oz with Kinnison in the colloquy on
daddy
all daddy sickness to do it I'd like to
make her do it for father so amudha
stead of it LS it okay necessarily
harder near Khalid I think that is so
painful to even listen to I'm wondering
I'm not indigenous so I don't understand
what is it like to be studied to be
researched to be photographed what is
that experience like well it's
absolutely it at times it is
overwhelming in particular for our
community because what we must realize
is that quite a number of our people in
the rural areas in particular as had
very little contact with what what what
one could probably call your broader as
civilization and therefore when you have
this kind of researchers whether they
from academia or they come from the
media space or including those guys
within what do you put you know in
corporates what put in corporates
there's always there's always this a
sense of inferiority there are people
that how people feel and that's what I
was talking about earlier on this
dominance educational dominant material
dominance but something that I want to
add at the end of the show so I'm just
gonna say I'm gonna say thank you so
much because we're right at the end of
the show I want to say thank you to Tom
and to Julie and to Anthony as well for
joining us imagine going to leave you
with a little clip of good practices for
studying indigenous communities this is
a competition that was held for the sand
people this is the sand code of research
ethics in rap we are for San have a
listen thanks
