for weeks foul-smelling Sargassum
seaweed has been washing ashore across
the Caribbean and Florida's Atlantic
coast these blooms are naturally
occurring but weren't seen in this
region before 2011 since then the
problems grown worse and while
scientists are unsure what's behind it
many believe human activity is a factor
two largest rivers feeding into the
equatorial Atlantic are the Amazon and
the Congo and of course there's been
huge amount of deforestation and those
two watersheds and of course again you
cut down the forest that's gonna release
a lot more this nutrient pollution again
in Florida toxic algae is adding to the
state's environmental woes this year's
red tide is the worst in more than a
decade marine life has been hit hard by
the algae which poisons fish and removes
oxygen from the water
Florida businesses are suffering too the
numbers of people reporting respiratory
problems has spiked with officials
warning the algae may be around for
months yesterday we were giving people
little dabs of vicks vapor rub to put in
their nostrils so that the smell wasn't
so bad Florida's no stranger to these
kind of ecological events but scientists
believe stricter environmental
regulations would help and Adil has got
to be nuclear pollution coming from land
generated by humans primarily
agriculture but also some sewage the
challenges of dealing with masses of
seaweed and toxic algae are extracting a
price in this region is now more than
just an inconvenience and more of a
long-term environmental problem that
could have serious consequences
scientists say if authorities don't deal
with it now it'll only get worse in
years to come and the Gallacher al
jazeera Miami Florida
