Natacha is this a search-and-rescue
operation or just a search operation now
well there are about 300 emergency
service workers and firefighters here
and they say that it's a rescue
operation they have been working right
through the night and they say that they
will continue for as long as it takes it
is a really difficult and painstaking
task because you can imagine I don't
know if you can see behind me but just
balanced on the end of some of that
bridges our lorries and vehicles that
simply slam to a stop when the bridge
collapsed the people inside those
vehicles of course lucky lucky to have
survived but beneath is just a pile of
rubble and concrete and that is what is
making this rescue operation so
difficult because the emergency service
workers are having to use large
machinery to move some of the concrete
they use their hands pickaxes really
pick through the rubble with sniffer
dogs trying to find any signs of life
because as the hours pass of course it
will become more and more difficult for
any survivors to be pulled out alive now
overnight there were only bodies pulled
out and across the city this morning you
know as you woke up you really sensed
that there is a city where people are in
shock they're still really trying to
absorb what has happened because this is
a bridge that carried a main motorway
the a-10 it connects the city to the
airport to the French Riviera it runs
along the coast everybody knows it
everybody has used at this road - so to
see it collapse like this is really
incredibly shocking incredibly upsetting
for so many people there is of course a
great sense of sadness and a lot of
anger as well as why on earth did this
bridge collapse
what's the locals saying about the
safety of the bridge or how they
perceived the safety of the bridge
we know this bridge was built in the
1960s it's become part of the landscape
in this city but what's interesting is
two years ago it was being renovated and
at the time several people raised the
alarm several people warned that perhaps
the structure of this bridge wasn't safe
including an engineer and MP despite
those warnings nothing was done and this
is the question now why was nothing done
and what some people are saying is was
it an economical problem was it a
question of just sheer laziness people
sort of overlooking the fact that this
bridge needed serious renovation serious
reconstruction there are also talk of
political infighting between various
politicians in the region as to why this
bridge wasn't reconstructed or even
pulled down and rebuilt altogether what
we do know though is the Italians
interior ministers announced a full
investigation into this case but the
focus right now here in Genoa on the
ground is very much still on the search
for any possible survivors
you've got the Italian Alps north of
where you are you've got a hilly country
anyway people driving on Italian roads
on Italian motorways they must have a
moment of okay here we go when they go
to cross a bridge in their car in their
truck and you know I have to say that
was something that the team felt today
as we were approaching this bridge again
because as you say it is a very hilly
part of the country there are roads and
bridges everywhere and as you cross
those bridges you do wonder is the
structure of this bridge going to be
safe is it okay and of course that is
something that will be in people's minds
here as well not only that it's a major
part of the city we're right in the city
know a little bit on the outskirts but
it's a road that everybody uses so it
will affect the way that this city moves
a barrel - the mobility of this city
over the coming weeks and days and
that's something that city authorities
say that they will look at this bridge
also collapsed onto a railway track
that's another major route crossing from
the connects I should say Italy even to
France just across the border and we
heard
on Tuesday the French president Emmanuel
macron actually offering French help
emergency workers from France he said
that they could come here and help for
now the Italian authorities say that
they are ok they don't need more help
from outside but as the days pass we'll
have to see what happens because
structurally it's an enormous problem
for this city does this have a knock-on
effect in the immediate short-term
Natasha when it comes to literally
moving around the country well it does
because as I said this bridge it's part
of the a10 motorway it connects the city
to the airport it it's part of a
motorway which runs along the Italian
Riviera connecting it to the French
Riviera just across the borders an
incredibly important road it was used
it's used on a daily basis was used on
daily basis by you know thousands of
people and we're also in the middle of
school holidays here in Europe in Italy
so of course this was extremely busy
it's a national holiday today a public
hold an important day where people were
were moving around to join their
families and that's why there were so
many vehicles in particular on this
bridge and that's why you can still see
them backed up a very eerie scene indeed
just really stuck in time in a way on
that part of the bridge that you can
probably see behind me
Natasha thanks very much
