so whenever there's a big thing being
talked about on youtube I like to put in
my two cents and so today I'm going to
be commenting on the becoming youtube
series specifically one video about
women on YouTube if you haven't yet seen
Ben cooks video about women on YouTube
then you can click here and you can
watch it i would recommend that because
i'm going to be citing specific things
that he says the first thing that i want
to talk about is ben's assumption that
there are fewer women on YouTube than
men this assumption is based on the
opinions of the people that then chose
to interview as part of the becoming
youtube series he's focused on a group
of uber successful main email youtubers
and I think the quite a few of the
opinions expressed in the series are
guilty of being quite anecdotal
sometimes and I don't think that the
opinions expressed and the people who
are interviewed on the series a
necessarily representative of YouTube's
culture as a whole Ben cook himself
closed his latest video with this
statement so if you are a girl and
you're thinking of youtubing but haven't
yet then give it a go YouTube is crying
out for you be a girl and be funny be
musical be smart and intelligent and
forthright have opinions and change the
world don't play it safe because I'm not
sure you can afford to I think it's
unfair and a little patronizing to talk
to the women of YouTube in this way I
think actually that I personally view
more female vloggers than I do male Laci
green Meekakitty nanalew my drunk
kitchen you deserve a drink dailygrace
jenna Marbles Haley G Hoover I talk to
snakes Cassie rosianna Lex Meghan tonjes
Julia Nunes and not to mention the
amazing amazing female-focused
collaboration channel wunderly these
women are making some of the best
funniest and thought-provoking content
on the site and are by no means fitting
any stereotypes associated with female
bloggers been justifies his female blind
spot regarding the participants of
becoming YouTube by saying this in his
video of the
19 YouTube has interviewed so far in
becoming YouTube only five have been
female despite the addition of Emma and
Lindsay this week in choosing who to
interview for this series I had to make
a judgment call do I reflect the YouTube
community as it is in 2013 with it's
glaringly obvious and rather sad
imbalance between men and women or
Dwayne for more of a 50-50 split but in
so doing end up featuring some female
youtubers primarily because they're
female and that would have been lame
just tokenism I think that he's gone
completely the opposite way and chosen
to represent a YouTube community that
ignores a huge amount of incredibly
successful female vloggers who are
active on the site however the figures
do speak for themselves and then tweeted
a very interesting statistic the other
day showing that the of the top 100
channels in the UK sixty-six percent a
male only twenty percent are female and
the remaining fourteen percent are mixed
channels but I don't think that this is
necessarily a problem but represents the
demographics that you find on youtube
it's well known that the most active
users are young and female and they tend
to focus their viewing habits on content
creators who are young cute and male and
female oriented content which brings me
to the next issue that i have with ben's
video the idea that makeup gurus are not
producing proper content then does say
that he personally has nothing against
makeup gurus but he does seem to imply
that a girl who chooses to go into
fashion and makeup blogging is playing
it safe and i don't think that that's
fair when the makeup and fashion
channels are some of the most prolific
and successful on the site i could say
that let's play videos are playing it
safe or criticize the mounting of people
who seem to think that video in
themselves choking on cinnamon is
noteworthy content but they are part of
the fabric of youtube and so our makeup
gurus and to criticize this kind of
content as safe I don't think is fair
finally I want to talk about the
perceived increase amount of abuse that
women seem to encounter when they post
videos online this has been written
about extensively
in academia and it's been proven that
there is at least a perception that
women receive more hate when they
participate in online forums this has
been put down to the fact that
technology content production and humor
are traditionally seen as male-dominated
spheres now sexism occurs when females
are seen as not fulfilling their
traditional gender roles and entering
into a male-dominated sphere can bring
about this perception now i know that i
personally earlier accused been of being
a little bit too anecdotal but i want to
draw from my own experiences in order to
contest the idea that women receive more
hate on youtube than their male
counterparts the comments on YouTube are
notoriously unforgiving and I like
everybody who produces content on the
site have received my own fair share of
hate I'm middle class gay and I talk
about politics so the majority of the
abuse that I receive calls me something
along the lines of a rich posh communist
faggot I even get for position sometimes
and was lucky enough once to be told on
Twitter that a certain gentleman wanted
to bend me over in public it's not fun
it's sometimes makes you feel a little
bit shitty but it comes with the
territory of putting yourself in a
public forum the abuse that one receives
on the Internet is geared specifically
towards your own personal
characteristics if you are a woman who
produces content on the web then is that
not the direction in which the trolls
will naturally go is the web a place
where specifically misogyny is prolific
or is it somewhere where abuse in
general is allowed to thrive and
therefore as a consequence where
misogyny can exist as well this may be a
slightly controversial thing to say but
I would love to hear what you think as
always my videos all about the comments
that you leave me and the discussions
that we have afterwards so let me know
what do you think of Ben's opinion of
women on YouTube do you think that his
opinions are justified and I misguided
in my interpretation of this video if
you feel like coming to his defense go
downstairs leave a comment and maybe
have a debate with somebody down there
as well if you'd be
able to like and share this video that
would also be much appreciated thank you
very much I've been wrong lounges follow
me on twitter at jazzy John and I'll
speak to you guys soon thank you goodbye
