hello YouTube I'm lucky enough today to
be joined by Chris Andersen of The
Huffington Post probably one of the most
prominent news websites in the world arm
and I was lucky enough he came to my
University in Taiwan and I was lucky
enough to catch him late at night to
common one with oranges and have a chat
with us um hello bye so you started your
journalistic career in Asia body I
understand yes like what how did you get
into that you initially and why did you
initially come to Asia and to like the
chocolate Pacific week well I actually
came to Asia because I was bored with my
current profession what I was doing
before this directly out of college I
got a pretty decent job as a quality
assurance engineer at educational employ
company in Silicon Valley and I did that
for three years and got really bored
even you can only test toys for so long
it drives me it was really the
progression I wanted to have any but you
get comfortable and kind of get into
routine and then before you know it a
couple years a fast so I kept trying to
that I wanted to challenge at the time
Susan 2005 at the end it seemed like
Asia was this different experiences I
could have from where I was living in
California you've never lived overseas
so Shanghai seem like it like a good
place to go is very vibrant what a
change is happening I'm still is what
was it about China specifically that
drew you because you could have gone to
I don't know South Africa to India was
just that for medical ought to be
perfectly honest i play xbox live yeah
and I had a lot of buddies over xbox
live around the world one of those
buddies actually lived in Shanghai and
he would talk about Shanghai
city yeah and so I hadn't considered it
before he mentioned that and so I said
okay and I'll look at that so why come
out you know you can we have a room
actually yeah you know if you want to
come and stay for a while and check it
out see so I did and he ended up being
my roommate for the first year that
always there his girlfriend so it was
basically like an online venture kind of
blossomed into an offline one it turned
into an opportunity for me to travel the
world you know and I wouldn't have that
perspective cut or not you know with
this guy xbox so you know you never know
what kind of pleasure is going to make
you know about these kinds of things
happening a lot on like social media
like me somebody of a facebook or
twitter couchsurfing cause a huge kind
of that community as well do you think
that that development of kind of global
networks and social interaction between
different cultures being facilitated do
you think that has made it easier for
somebody to just say bugger it I'm going
to up them and I'm gonna go to Beirut
for a couple years and see how that goes
harper center purpose i look at my
experience and you know had I not been
connected with people around the world
and or not you know struck up a
relationship through the internet you
know I never I wouldn't be sitting here
with you right it just wouldn't happen i
wouldn't go sitting there reading
newspapers you know I you can't make the
same kind of personal connection so I
mean I did that I was a Shanghai and
then to get into what I'm doing now I I
English for the first year it is he
giving all of the westin guys in China
vintage in who did but I mean thought
was such a such a mean it's easy to get
in to see the end it was a nice
transition I did that part time I did
some freelancing and then after the
first year i've got a good feel for the
city for the country and needed I knew
that if my career is gonna progress i
had to get into something yeah and i got
picked up with the small lifestyle
publication and just got loads of
experience
just in that year and a half that I work
for them it's a hard time for a lot of
people around my age in the moment I'm
only 22 viven blue I know I look about
other things but that's done forgiveness
love her thank you so much you sleep
over um if for example there's 20
something year old kid who's just
graduated University isn't perhaps
finding the kind of opportunities in the
Sun come true that he was expecting
would you still suggest going to
somewhere like II stage of them to maybe
up through and to just give it a shot so
just let everything losing like shaggy
let go of all the shackles in the home
country and give it a shot and if so do
you have any advices for that kind of
person who is planning and doing
something like definitely uh I'd say go
for it no but but don't be naive about
it I mean you're going into a computer
don't buy not even save people that you
bet you put on xbox yeah I mean don't be
naive in the fact that I mean it worked
out for me but it doesn't work out for
you yeah everybody has a difference I
recommend it anytime you can kind of get
out of your comfort zone and try
something new it puts a new perspective
on things in your life you might be
wanting to try you know more things and
them what you would have before and
experiment with what you're looking to
do right I was knew that I was
interested in writing i was English
major I grew up reading a lot of books a
lot of books and writing on fiction but
I never had that opportunity to make
something of it and getting out of your
comfort zone and going somewhere new I
gives you that out so I mean even if
it's if it's Asia it's your wherever it
is it's a good thing and Asia especially
there's a lot of opportunity you vote an
article I think it may be bigger and in
we've got regards to being kind of the
advice for being the Western guy in
China and kind of making the most out of
that experience but I got the impression
you felt I may be wrong but I got the
impression that you felt that the time
for going there as a westerner and
having basically the world is your
oyster I had the impression that you
thought that time had and it always
coming to an end yeah you know I haven't
been there since 4 2007 not so I mean my
times a little bit dated five years is a
very long time in general and I mean I
think it is what you make of it I don't
know if all the same opportunities are
good yeah but I still do you think that
there are opportunities but I think I
said in that article that now you it is
what what you do with your time and how
you prepare for is what you want if you
can't just expect things to be handed to
you yeah that's if that doesn't change
between 2006 oh where you are or where
you are that doesn't you know if you go
and you just expect things to fall in a
while then you're not going to be
successful have you got anything on the
internet that you would like to plug to
an audience of hand you know much so
much check out HuffPost why you just
fight you know when we do launching on a
more international sites it's cool I
think our HuffPost world page is
improving starting to do pretty well
mm-hmm you know hit man on Twitter hey
it's a link to his thinking cool wish
thank you for everyone cheers I didn't
actually pleasure thank you for
excellent talking to me okay bye yeah
don't be naive about it I mean you're
going into a book you know mr. don't buy
not even send people that you bet you
put on xbox yeah yeah
