I was listening to the radio the other
day and I heard a commentator mentioned
that the elections at the moment of it
like a soap opera with thousands and
thousands of people tuning in every week
to see how um how the contenders and the
people get on and like seeing what cliff
hangers are going to happen stuff like
that and I thought that was quite
accurate the printed media have got
their claws out more dogs been stamping
his little feet like a toddler because
the printed press seem to have like the
smallest amount of influence in this
year's election do you think that this
is a good thing do you think that these
the debates if I may really have opened
up democracy and let us have a wider
view of politics and policies or do you
think that is just like showmanship all
that the dress seemed to talk about at
the moment is who smile with most who
cracked bag jokes why aren't they
focusing on policy I want you to tell me
what you think about that video sponsors
text comments that would be nice also I
want to ask you with the Venice of the
Liberal Democrats there seems to be an
ever-growing chance of there being a
hung parliament and I want you to tell
me whether you think this is a good
thing or not it's all very well having
the ideology or of all of the parties
working together but are we going to be
able to be as civilized as the European
countries that have proportional
representation and have more balanced
what's this called Parliament's that's
the word I was looking for again let me
know video response text comments now to
the conservative policies again like the
Liberal Democrat video which you can
watch here by the way um I am going to
split to their manifesto into five
separate points are education foreign
policy and defense immigration the
environment and the economy firstly
education they want to raise the quality
of teaching in schools by raising the
acquirement of state funding for primary
teacher training I'm asking that all new
graduates have to have at least a 22 um
to be accepted onto the course they also
want to help pay back the student loans
of top maths
and science teachers and while they
remain teachers they also want to allow
state schools to start offering high
level international exams that quite a
few private institutions have been
offering in recent years for example the
International Baccalaureate probably one
of their most prominent policies and
education is to allow parents private
companies and charities to start up
their own schools within the private
sector the plan is based on the Swedish
free schools model which their manifesto
says will increase discipline standards
and education standards as well i would
ask though how much more competent are a
group of parents going to be at running
a school rather than the state and it
said and the manifesto says that the
companies that invest in these schools
aren't allowed to make profit so what's
their incentive in foreign policy and
defense visibly the EU they want a full
opt out of the charge of Human Rights
greater protection against EU
encroachment and also they want to
restore national control over social and
employment legislation is worth noting
however in terms of Europe that the
Conservatives last year in the European
elections left the EPP which is the
center-right alliance of all of the
European parties which includes
sarkozy's party and Berlusconi's party
and Angela Merkel's party they started a
new alliance with some more questionable
friends from the fringes of European
politics and is probably worth asking
whether this is going to leave Cameron
and the Conservatives locked out of
European negotiation or is it good that
he's made a stand about this let me know
in the comments what you think they also
want to introduce a referendum lock so
that the next time powers have devolved
to the European Union the British voters
will have a set in defense they are
committed to renewing trident and they
want to double the operational bonuses
for troops in Afghanistan they also
committed to the transatlantic alliance
between the UK and America and wanted
deep and alliances beyond Europe and the
United States in immigration probably
their biggest desire is to
put a cap on the number of non-eu
immigrants into the country they haven't
yet specified what this number will be
they can't control the movement of
workers from the current EU members but
they want to have the transitional
controls for any new members of the EU
who were to come into the alliance on
the environment they are heavily opposed
to the third runway at heathrow and the
second runways at Stansted and Gatwick
they want to invest money into
high-speed rail which will connect
cities like Birmingham Manchester and
Liverpool armed to the European
continent and they also want to invest
money into making public transport
greener they also talked a lot about
individuals taking the initiative with
the environment like installing solar
panels and wind turbines on their houses
they want to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions and increase the UK share of
global markets for low-carbon
technologies ok now the economy and in
their manifesto they talked a lot about
the economy I don't like the economy
maths makes my head hurt as I said in
the Liberal Democrats video which you
can be you here again um I'm not very
good at the economy and maths and stuff
like that so I'm inviting you guys to
properly break down their policies um
post a video response and I will happily
link it somewhere on here later but here
are their policies um they want to cut
six billion in departmental spending on
between the years of 2010 and 2011 they
want to freeze at public sector wages in
the year 2011 excluding the 1,000,000
lowest paid they want a five percent cut
in mp's wages followed by a five-year
freeze of those wages and they also want
to cut the number of MPs by ten percent
by ten percent they also want to scrap
ID cards and reduce the number of
intrusions into people's homes and
personal lives the Conservatives also
want to freeze council tax for one year
which will save a band d property about
two
19 pounds the conservatives say that
fifty percent of this frieze will be
funded by central government saving
money on consultants and advertising the
other half would come from council
savings but the fine print says that
this threes is not guaranteed and will
only be implemented in councils where
the council can actually afford it ok
that's the Conservatives done um labour
coming very very soon um let me know
what you think of the conservative
policies and manifesto down there in the
comments and video responses and stuff
like that um I look forward to reading
them and hopefully if I get my computer
working properly again I will be able to
respond to you at some point um right ok
I'm off by e
