shall we address the hair first I went
to her hairdressers in Nanjing and I
asked for a trim and she just kept
cutting so I now look like I've just got
out the army ah which is fun you may
have noticed that recently lots of
British youtubers are promoting and
taking part in this thing called the
teens speech it's a project organized by
the British children's charity
Barnardo's in which they're trying to
encourage teenagers to talk about their
lives their views on society um etc it's
meant to be kind of like an alternative
to the Queen's Speech so while she's
talking about how terrible this year has
been in terms of the economic climate
and how much he loves her corgis
teenagers are going to be talking about
their views on society and how we can
change things for the better it's also a
chance for those who are running the
country at the moment to get to know and
to understand the people we're going to
be shaping the face of our nation in
only a few years time I think that this
projects a bloody fantastic idea it's
giving British teenagers a genuine
chance to represent themselves
authentically and to break the
stereotypes that are often thrown around
in mainstream media at the moment it's
also a chance for us to see a wide
spectrum of people and their opinions
about life nowadays in the UK they're
trying to encourage people from all
classes all kinds of educational and
ethnic and religious backgrounds and so
it's going to be a real like melting pot
of Britishness and I'm really excited
please check out there to YouTube
channels in the sidebar the barnardo's
one and the team speech one arm and
there's also a link to the Facebook and
the Twitter page there as well I'm going
to be making a video for them later on
um which is going to be uploaded early
next week about our family and like
that's been the topic that they've given
me which is nice so subscribe to it
please be good arm and then you can get
an update when I
when my video is posted on their channel
some of you will probably be thinking or
the UK youtubers are saying about
getting where we were but I can a
hundred percent tell you that none of us
would be supporting this project and
this charity were not for the fact that
we all strongly believe in their cause
and what they are trying to promote so
please do check out some of their videos
check out their channel um and I will
see you guys soon as always my Twitter
and my blog will be in the sidebar and
also if you haven't checked out already
my China blog for my time for the time
that I'm spending in China um will also
be in the sidebar I'm when uploading
videos there I'll see you guys later bye
