hello internet jazz the images out of
Charlottesville in Virginia have been
shocking I hope we all understood that
America has a deep problem with race but
I'm not sure how many of us were
expecting to see these they're young
white and angry faces so blatantly and
proudly on the news over the past week
or so though of course many who will not
be surprised by this flagrant and open
expression of white supremacy not least
because this guy is now the most
powerful person in the world after
Angela Merkel and Chee Jing ping
obviously there does however seem to be
a certain amount of confusion about the
terms being used for those who took part
in this unite the white valley so today
I wanted to ask and try and clarify what
is the difference between nancy's &
white supremacists let's start with the
originals the Nazis the Nazi Party came
to prominence in Germany after the first
world war Adolf Hitler made a power grab
in the mid 1930s and well the rest is
history
our original action
I'll fight my viola theory or intended
Mineola States viola
Mineola highly developed season it
applicant are very excited there will be
a number of different definitions flying
around for the ideology behind the Nazi
Party but I'm going to describe it as
authoritarian ethno nationalist
socialism let's unpack these
ridiculously long words for a sec
socialism is the part of this ideology
that may catch you off guard when down
the pub you will sometimes hear the dark
humor of the acknowledgement that the
atrocities of Hitler were terrible and
all but at least he made the trains run
on time and there is some truth to this
the Nazis invested heavily in
infrastructure and welfare but with the
catch of the fact that they were only
willing to do so for the sake of Germany
and for the German people and spoiler
alert that was exclusively white German
people it's described as authoritarian
because of the concentration of power
obviously rather a lot of it was focused
on this guy and also the lack of checks
and balances to rein in that power
it was nationalist because it believed
in the furthering and superiority of the
German nation state then we come to the
ethnic side of things
Nazis were very into the idea of social
Darwinism the idea of the superiority of
the vases and eugenics they and actually
awkwardly quite a lot of white people at
the time were obsessed with the idea of
ranking the vases of
humanity into some kind of social
hierarchy with surprise surprise white
people consistently at the top it was
this ideology that's the core of how it
was justified that so many millions of
people and especially Jewish people were
killed during the Holocaust I think it's
safe to say that the guys flying
swastikas in charlottesville aren't
calling for an increase in
infrastructure spending
they call themselves Nazis because of
the ethnic superiority that was core to
the idea
is of Hitler and his party on the news
you will be seeing people who are openly
calling themselves white nationalist
Nazis all writers or people who've taken
the red pill but make no mistake these
people are all united in their belief
that the color of their skin makes them
superior and that people that don't look
like them are lesser in some way shape
or form what's what's the difference
between a Nazi and a white supremacist
not an awful lot my friend over the past
10 years on this channel I've done my
best to present topics and host
discussions that encourage you and us to
understand the other side of the
argument and show that generally no
matter where you land on the political
spectrum there's a good chance that you
are trying to do the right thing and
that common ground can be can be found I
want to make it abundantly clear the
people marching with Confederate flags
and guns in Virginia are people that we
should never even consider making any
compromises with their views of other
people are dehumanizing at best attempt
to understand them sure but don't ever
entertain their points of view and
finally a message for my fellow
translucent brothers and sisters you may
not see yourself as racist in fact I
hope you don't and you may be shocked by
what is happening in the US right now
but I want to borrow from the ladies at
pantsuit politics podcast and remind you
that racism exists even if you get rid
of every single individual racist person
those carrying their tiki torches did
not bring forth from the ephah they were
cooked up in the soup of America that
has its historical roots in white
supremacy and if you don't take every
step as a white person
to combat that then I am sorry but you
are part of the problem and you're also
complicit in supporting these angry
armed and no longer hooded men thank you
very much for watching one final thing
before you go just bear with me you may
not know this but YouTube has policies
at the moment where it tends to de
monetize content that contains
contentious material like for example
this one though how you can describe the
condemnation of racism as contentious
I'm not really sure but there you go
this frankly makes it very hard to keep
a channel like this sustainable and so
in order to try and combat that I've
started a patreon where if you enjoy
having these spaces where we can talk
about contentious topics and you have a
couple of spare dollars a month you can
support this channel financially which
would help me to no end the names of my
current patrons are scrolling across the
screen
you guys make this so much more easy for
me and I wouldn't really be able to do
this without you so thank you you can
find in my patreon here now if you've
left your comment and you hit too like
you can watch another video and the
all-knowing overlords that YouTube have
selected this one for you based on your
previous viewing habits so nobody to
blame but yourself um you can also
subscribe to me here because that's my
face bye
