oh hello Internet Java here sorry just
another millennial eating his avocado so
that I can't afford to buy a house
wearing my anti Trump shirts and you
know just hanging out making videos on
the internet cuz it's all I'm good for
how are you you may have clicked on this
video believing it to be a tag video yes
we have regressed to 2012 however this
is a tag video of sorts with a
difference because this one actually
means something
marking the 50th anniversary of the
legalization of burglary that is
consensual sex between two adult men our
equality secretary Justin greening who
has lovely hair in a pawn shop for the
Apple watch has launched a LGBT policy
initiative the initiative included the
reduction of the ban on men who have sex
with men giving blood from a year to
three months you can we talk more about
this in the little info graphic thing in
the corner I still don't know what
that's called trans people are now going
to be able to legally change their
gender a lot easier than previously
allowed and and here's the really
exciting bit the launch of a national
LGBT survey another bloody survey this
is actually objectively super important
this is the first time that the lgbtq+
community in the United Kingdom has ever
been surveyed in this way a lot of
assumptions are made about the assumed
one and a half million people who land
under the lgbtq+ umbrella and this is
going to be a way of making sure that
our governments and our societies are as
accepting as I think we hope they can be
towards the queer community as such it
is super important that as many LGBT
people as possible take this survey so
that their experiences are recorded not
only for posterity not only because it's
basically like doing a BuzzFeed quiz
without being a
find a character from a 90s sitcom at
the end it's because we need to be stood
up and counted we need to be stood up
and counted we need to stand up and be
counted
mmm so we're going to go through this
survey take it together and then I'm
going to encourage you to go and put
your own experiences into this into this
thing make it so that just in gleaning
and to reason they cannot ignore you
because your glorious just as you are so
here we go the criteria for this are um
you have to be LGBT oh no that wasn't
meant to happen to me okay first of all
do love a rainbow banner you know who
your audience is going to be government
er so in order to take this you have to
be um part of the lgbtq+ community
including intersex or um having on
minority sexual orientation or gender
identity over 16 years of age though it
would be nice to know more about young
queer kids experiences but we'll get
onto that another time and you have to
be living in the UK don't have to be
British that the Vixia hasn't fucked
everything up so I've been putting some
basics about my age you are encouraged
to identify your gender which so we have
a woman girl man boy trans women trans
girl trans man trans boy non-binary
gender queer a gender gender fluid B
probably nice to have those breaking out
so that you have separate data points on
them but very important that gender
provides an other box because God knows
it can get complicated
I myself and painfully cisgender so I'm
a man boy man flesh boy man man man
slash boy do I identify as intersex and
it's really good that they have
definitions here intersex is used as an
umbrella term to denote the number of
different variations in a person's
bodily characteristics but do not match
strict medical definitions of male and
female all of these really important
things but again know I'll and quite
squarely in the G block of LGBT um they
do have heterosexual straight because
obviously it's for
for your gender to be under the LGBT
spectrum but your sexuality in your
sexual preference cannot just so you
know also really important that they
have don't know it's so nice my current
relationship status thanks Department
for qualities for rubbing this in oh now
we have scales we will now ask you a few
questions about your general impressions
and experience of being an LGBT person
living in the UK on a scale of one to
ten how comfortable do you feel being an
LGBT person in the UK um I mean it's not
utopia
I still get tackled but also I'm aware
that other countries exist I'd say for
man i'ma tell you with that
do I ever avoid holding hand in public
with the same-sex partner for fear of
negative reactions from others that's a
question some of you may have seen the
video I made after my ex and I got a
heck hold on the street for being a
same-sex couple holding hands the first
time with a drove past and shouted queer
which you know fine there's actually
very modern of you to be using the term
queer to talk about the LGBT community
well done
car driver the second time happened
today I'm fresh off the back of this
experience and two cars drove past us
then slowed down and as we walked past I
was just very confused as to what was
actually happening because they seemed
to be talking to each other in separate
cars which is very strange and then also
would just say oh it's sick or you're
not natural and yeah that was really fun
experience for me as I was going on a
nice walk with my boyfriend through like
a public park that was really fun guys I
still as like I'm a 28 year old I don't
think younger people have this nearly as
much as me but whenever I hold a
partner's handle whenever I do a public
display of affection with a same-sex
partner
I feel physically sick um like it's a
lot for me to have the courage to do
that
because you do get unwanted attention
but the reason that I still continue to
do it is so because I know that I should
be able to do it so I get really angry
about this kind of stuff
do I ever avoid it no okay I don't ever
avoid it but it by no means makes me
feel comfortable
do I have to avoid being open about my
sexual orientation for fear of negative
reaction from others no but again ah
this is harder to answer than I thought
I don't ever avoid being open about my
sexuality in social things but I like
that and I do that um so that other
people have an easier time like coming
out in workplaces and stuff so no I
don't is the short answer jazz I just
answer the following questions so this
is a bit that I'm really really
passionate about because I remember when
I was a kid I was taught nothing about
same-sex relationships didn't even
realize that trans people existed until
I was like in my 20s which is fucking
embarrassing worst sexual orientation
and gender identity discussed at school
in lessons are simply certainly part of
your schooling no neither were discussed
frankly let's change that okay okay now
we're talking about workplace and about
twelve months how did others in your
workplace react to you being LGBT I'm
not going to say where it was I was
working or who it was um but
occasionally people ask silly questions
that are none of their business in the
past twelve months did you experience
any of the following at your workplace
because you were LGBT or of a sort of
LGBT double harassment and insults no
physical harassment sexual harassment no
threat of physical or sexual harassment
or violence
so excluding from events and activities
this wasn't in the last twelve months so
I can't put this on the survey but I
have definitely been excluded from the
lad's bonding
like going to the pub arm and playing
like five-a-side football and all of
that kind of stuff it just assumed that
I'm like one of the girls rather than
just another dude who happens to fancy
men spoiler but like I said this isn't
something that's happened in the last 12
months so I can permanently had
inappropriate comments or conduct people
asking about my sex life it's none of
your business
sods okay health care in the past twelve
months did you access or try to access
any of the public health care services
yes I have because I'm a human that gets
slipped sometime in the past twelve
months how often did you discuss it or
disclose your sexual orientation with
health care staff so can I be real most
of the interactions with the health care
sector has been me getting sexually
transmitted infection tests because it's
a good habit to have so that gets
disclosed like all of the time like
literally all of the time outside of the
home and like to ask the questions about
your experiences in relation to people
if you are not living within the past
year how many people in the following
groups if any have I been open to about
being LGBT friends yeah all of them um
neighbors I literally I live in London I
don't talk to anyone
some family members you were not living
with uh yeah all of them now for a long
while it was kept with um core family
but now everybody knows that jazz lives
a gay did I experience in the following
if someone you're not living with I'm
going to do this off camera because
there's some things and I don't want to
talk about have you ever had so-called
conversion or reparative therapy in
attempt to cure you of being LGBT I am
so glad that a survey put together and
released by conservative government
asking this people in the Conservative
Party who have links to conversion and
reparative therapy organizations these
need to be fucking banned it's
disgusting
ok we're nearly finished what is my
ethnic group translucent is not an
option so we will go with white this is
a nice question overall on a scale of 1
to 10 how satisfied are you with your
life nowadays I'm going to put it a
solid 9 you've got me on a good day
national LGBT survey good job I have the
opportunity to provide any further
details about my experiences and
perceptions 500 words I'm going to do
that because although I think that
although this is great I like I'm a
social scientist at the moment um and
this is going to provide us with like a
good pool of quantitative data but I
think unless we couldn't back those up
with the stories and their histories and
the experiences of individual people
with like qualitative stuff then I don't
think like it's all very well to get the
the information but I think that you
need a way of portraying that
information and that's why you end up
doing like in-depth interviews focus
groups that kind of thing if you are in
the UK and an LGBTQ Pross person take
this survey it's so important that we
get counted and that we I'd like to
seize this opportunity who cares if the
Conservatives did it I know a lot of you
are going to be really pissed off of
that this is a good thing and this is
something that like so often you end up
with people who are like I don't
understand trans people what if I woke
up tomorrow and I wanted to identify as
a cactus well now we're going to be able
to show them how many people do
identifies cactuses it's not many just
want to let you know that there's also
the idea that we have gotten to the end
of the LGBTQ battle that lives as queer
people in the UK announced Erling now
especially because we have
like same-sex marriage there are so many
other things that are hugely important
that people just don't know that we go
through like being harassed on the
street like having higher rates of
mental health problems like suicide in
large parts of our community this gives
us information that allows the
government to then take action on
certain things if they can see that our
community is particularly affected by it
but it only works if they're not people
take this fucking survey so take it the
link is downstairs in the doobly-doo
pass it on to all the rest of your queer
friends this is one of the ways that we
can make change don't just like stuff on
Twitter and it's almost like a BuzzFeed
quiz it's someone's fun my name is Ben
Java I have been roaming with ologies
there's a video here that it can be
guaranteed that you will like because
YouTube's algorithmic methods say that
you do and algorithms are never wrong
and then my subscription faces here
subscribe there ah
