hello Internet Java here so I'm starting
to creep myself out a bit just like with
Trump and the general election in 2015
and the brexit referendum and actually
on my podcast order all predicted this
result pretty spot-on
oh what I call the election seeing as
I'm a media yeah yeah I guess so yeah
this is your reference to the fact that
you managed to call the the Trump and
the brexit votes before they actually
happened yeah I'm going to call for a
conservative conservatives largest
number of seats shy of the majority so
you don't think the Tories will be able
to form a majority government that like
either have to do a minority government
or form a coalition of some sort I think
so yeah I mean if only I could use my
super powers for good lottery numbers
lottery numbers or two numbers lottery
numbers I really think we should be
silent for a minute just mourn the loss
of the strong and stable government that
we were going to have led by Theresa May
if you join me for a few moments on
election night I went through so many
emotions when the exit poll came out
there ended up being pretty much spot-on
I was like oh this is brilliant for
democracy what if we end up having a
cross-party
negotiation position for brexit oh we'll
be able to get a brexit that works for
everybody or maybe not even maybe you
yes I'm a Ramona and I'm very proud of
that fact about me the thing is when a
country is going through a period of
immense change like oh I don't know if
severing ties with its strongest trading
partner you didn't need to have strong
and stable leadership and we have
anything but that now this will be bad
for brexit this will be bad for the
immediate future of the country
I believe in stable leadership and
stable um government
and even though he's got forced down on
people's folks strong and stable to
either measure on the stable to each may
seem to eases main to take stable so
he'd made strong super stable strong
stable strong to even my own election
night looked incredibly downtrodden
beaten she's been trying to have this
front of for one of a better word
bravado and confidence and that taken
out of her cell so two main advisors
quit the day after the election and like
that was a powerhouse they were the
people that were running the country and
they may be behind the scenes but then
to live the reason most conservatives
and they were to read amazed
conservatives ended up losing seats and
getting 318 seats we need a roughly 325
in order to have a majority in
parliament labour managed to surge um
but also like still came second
everybody seems very happy
um the Labour Party ended up losing the
election but it was the fact that this
was meant to be the election that
decimated the Labour Party that meant
that we had to start from the center
ground and left a new like the Labour
Party wasn't going to be able to like be
viable or get boats anymore but they
still ended up with 60-ish fewer seats
than the Conservatives in 2010 this
happened and the Conservatives and the
Liberal Democrats went into a formal
coalition both parties forming parts of
the government and having legislation
put through the listings were less keen
to do that this side because of the
backlash they got from being government
with the Conservatives between 2010 and
2015 um also they're in the state like
they're just lost
Tim found in fairness stepped down as
leader Nick Clegg is called I love Clegg
II
so the only party that could probably
prop up the Conservative government and
make it actually be able to pass any
kind of legislation the Democratic
Unionist Party now needless to say
nobody really heard of them before
the DUP or a Northern Irish party and
there was a very good reason that
Northern Irish politics is kept those
separate politics in the rest of the UK
Northern Ireland obviously has a huge
and very profound history of division
across Protestant Catholic unionist and
separatist lines the DEP and chin Fang
the two biggest Irish parties in a storm
one which is their kind of like assembly
that Parliament and shin Fang represents
the IRA who were the pro-separatist
terrorists until there was the peace
agreement in Northern Ireland the DUP
represent the probes that keeping
organized and in the rest of the UK
people they were also kind of terrorists
and a very religiously hardline they are
the reason they're the people that keep
on blocking on the equal manage
legislation for LGBT people in Northern
Ireland they're anti-abortion they are
skeptical about climate change it's like
we've got a little island of the Bible
Belt now being the party with ten MPs
that are the tale that's probably going
to wag the dog of the Conservative Party
um it's kind of kind of scary we ended
up with the surge for labour and disc on
Parliament largely because of increased
youth turnout which unlike took your
time guys thanks but what is like some
people said that there was a 72% turnout
in the general in the general election
that we just had now that is really
really high if that were true because Oh
turnout was 68% the youth voters I don't
think ever been that high in modern
times that boys me because we've
actually been able to see your young
people have turned out to vote and we've
been able to see the consequences
consequences that we've been we've gone
like nah not likes to either you're
right and she had a terrible a terrible
manifesto for young people like there
was nothing in there for young people
she didn't care about us because we
didn't turn out and they can ignore this
anymore because Mellie Deuter now it
just need to keep at it but all of the
positives of that of increased youth
turnout have ended up with kind of like
the 1s2 for words like we have an
unstable government and we're going to
be starting wrestling negotiations
really really soon we've already
triggered article 50 and like there's no
precedent obviously because nobody's
ever left the European Union port
there's no precedent for unstopping
those negotiations once they've started
the 2ei by clock ticking the dep who are
hardcore fundamentalist crazy people and
I don't use that lightly other people
who are propping up a Conservative
government and they did have a moment I
forgot young people what have we done
couldn't we have just bought two is
amazed better I can have a little stay
home rest on the table find a hundred
seat majority that look we have to read
the maze job in jeopardy people saying
that she can't continue to be the leader
under the circumstances in which she
lost kind of agreed but nobody seems to
be setting forward yet we'll have to
wait and see I think she'll be in that
job for a reasonably long time but there
is something I am helpful for partially
based around that increased youth
engagement that we had in terms of
turnout um there has to be across party
consensus not just on directive because
that's that is the most consequential
thing in terms of our country's future
um but stuff like the austerity spending
and the
NHS and public services all of those
needs increased engagement from us the
people I had a friend who posted about
the fact that she had a message message
she'd written a letter
what is paper she's written a letter to
her local MP saying like you need to
listen to us now and you need to not let
the homophobic climate change design DUP
wag your tail you also have power in
this administration I'm really buoyed by
the fact that we've Davidson from the
Scottish Conservatives have really has
really separated herself from the rest
of the party and spoken specifically
about her concern about doing a deal
with the DUP and lgbtq+ right well I saw
some to be first the Prime Minister
received a categorical surance that in
talking to the DUP there would be no
suggestion of any rollback of LGBTI
rights in the rest of the UK we are as a
Conservative Party the party of equal
marriage we introduced it the bill to
the House of Commons and also that we
would seek to use any influence that we
had to advance LGBTI rights in Northern
Ireland and these are assurances that I
received this lack of consensus among
modernity in Parliament means that each
individual MPs voice and vote is more
significant now if they decide to vote
against party lines which makes our
voices louder and more significant they
can't ignore this anymore they're all
not you're in our in our safe seat so
make sure you start going to your empty
surgeries like isn't it brilliant how it
feels that young people of the people
that decided this election they decided
that no we don't want a conservative
majority or to resume to have a ton of
power I think that that is incredibly
empowering and you should feel great
about it but it doesn't stop on one day
one Thursday in June right we've got
like the wind in our sails and you need
to start demanding because we've
been ignored for far too long this video
and all of the videos in this channel is
made sustainable and possible by the
people who donate money to me on patreon
and become
thank you so much for continuing to help
create a space where we can chat
politics thanks to rob to law to Ian to
Lorenza Helena
Rachel Richard Christian Alexander and
Liam please do check out my patreon but
we have a monthly livestream where we
have one two ones and chats it's really
fun we have a good time if you liked
this video then subscribe doc there and
then you can also watch this video but
YouTube specifically thinks based on
your viewing habits thinks that you'll
like it so you may as well have a look
and you may haven't you
toodaloo
