lab lenovo G a B on the newest set
explanation video Dell elecci√≥n
presidencial will says do male 17 we
everyone seems certain after Trump and
breaks it the next great battleground
for international liberalism will be
that of the French presidential election
of 2017 everything is kind of difficult
to understand though not least because
it all seems to be conducted in this
language called French that I am still
convinced that they only speak in order
to spite the tourists never fear I am
here to exploit a got a B an a-level
French so I'm well-placed to introduce
you to the five front-running candidates
in this year's presidential election
they recently had a big debate with one
another it was all incredibly
interesting was three bloody hours long
and promoted by this poster that kind of
makes it look like they're all members
of the cast of the next Marvel movie but
more black and sinister the first round
of voting is on the 23rd of April then
the two frontrunners go through to a
head to head on the 9th of May so here's
your lovely guides - who's running what
they're like and the chances of winning
not many of them have a chance of
winning first up we have John Luke Mel
or Shawn that's your Luke melon Shawn
you're welcome
he's so far left so that it's painful
for absolutely everybody involved he's
backed by the French Communist Party and
once France to leave the shackles of a
lot of European treaties he's basically
like fond say Jeremy Corbyn or Bernie
Sanders unfortunately he's hovering at
about 12% on the opinion polls so his
chances of getting through to the second
round of pretty slim he did however
interestingly so to launch his campaign
to be President or France as a hologram
which was
yeah I give him a chance of winning of
pad or two next up we have been hua Aman
who is picking up the baton for the
Socialists after the awkwardly unpopular
current president Francois Hollande
decided to be the first person to not
run for a second term in French history
maybe somebody else who is the president
of a presidential democracy might want
to take notes it's not going to happen
if it his flagship policy is that of
universal basic income which at least is
incredibly interesting he however has no
chance of getting through to the second
round not least because he is the only
candidate to have decided to incorporate
a hashtag into his load oh honey no I'm
going to give him a chance of winning of
calm llegar song do you like these
ratings very good interestingly benny
ham and melon shawn are both on about
12% on national polling and want to both
create something that they're describing
as a six the public but because they're
both from the left and both eating into
each other's votes they're never going
to get through to the second round
so i mean let's just admit that the left
in this election in that I mean you're
buggered you're buggered next up we have
one Salafi on who is the center right
candidate for Republican Party he has a
Welsh wife so I'm assuming that he is
used to being called Francois Theon I
never said my actions are good his wife
Penelope is actually pretty important
because floor soir was a shoo-in to win
this election until we found out that
while he was Prime Minister he paid her
a million euros to be his assistant I
mean a million for an assistant is quite
a lot I mean it sounds like it to me
anyway but then we also found out like
Oh Penelope she admitted that has never
been his assistant which is awkward not
least because I've actually heard her
speak and she doesn't have a Welsh
accent
just really enjoying the accents another
thing actually because of this
wonderfully classic cock-up of french
political corruption um we're going to
give him a chance of winning a bull to
sweep so here's the one that you've
actually heard of marine lepen of the
four National Party marine is as
terrifying she appears competent she was
by far the most composed at the last
debate she's getting about a quarter in
national polling um and she might end up
being Frances first lady president yay
since becoming leader of her party in
2011 she's done her best to distance
herself from it's been a phobic
anti-jewish anti-european passed by
rebranding it into more of a xenophobic
anti-muslim anti-european party it's
really different now she wants to hold a
referendum on france's membership of the
European Union restrict especially
Muslim immigration because of security
concerns and she wants France to have a
closer relationship with Vladimir
Putin's Russia remind you of anybody the
pen will probably get through to the
second round of the election the 1v1
segment so I'm giving her a chance of
winning of lavash the one man standing
between her and the presidency it seems
is this guy a Manuel knuckle Mackin is
an old member of the Socialist Party but
left to found his own movement on marsh
which is pretty Center grounds kind of
boring to be completely honest he's not
the best debater either which apparently
is something that French people quite
like Pauline suggests that macron would
win in a one-on-one runoff against lepen
but despite his justin trudeau good
looks he kind of stands for everything
that global populist movements have
stood against in recent years he was an
appointed civil servant and has never
held elected office before he's a former
investment banker he went to see oz Paul
which is like a French version of
Oxbridge or harvard he's described in
the pocket of big business and his
presidency won't change a thing and also
side note he married his old teacher
from school who's 20 years older than
him and the French people don't seem to
care about this and maybe we shouldn't
either
but it is odd macron is basically our
last hope in defending against the
onslaught of populism across the Western
democratic world he's the last thing
standing between us and her lepen
presidency in the lepen presidency
really would change the world like it's
scary
the thing is though people are only
excited about matcom because he isn't
the pen and in the past that hasn't been
enough not for the remain vote in the UK
not for Hillary Clinton is that enough
for us to rely on what's your version of
the French elections has this video
helped let me know in the comments below
um if you enjoy talking about politics
then check out my podcast the right
dishonourable say Trebon shame beaucoup
baguettes pissing birth um subscribe
with the subscribe orb ooh
it's or B um or you can watch this video
which on YouTube has specifically
selected because they thought you'd like
it to blame them not me right oh wait
while you subscribe and do that then
this is always very awkward
