hello Internet jazz ahead did you notice
the world is on fire Styles like this
that we had citizens as people of the
word need to be ever more vigilant about
the stuff that's happening around us
current events facts alternative facts
whether or not Katie have you really
should be doing what she's branding is
purposeful pop and like thanks for the
sentiment Katie but those of you who've
been around here for well will know that
one of my favorite mediums is podcasting
you get a sip on the train or the bus
stick your headphones in and become more
clever through osmosis of other people
talking you is it's actually the laziest
form of intellectualism I love it great
in fact I love the medium so much that I
have my own political and social
commentary podcast will do like
dishonourable if you haven't listened to
it and download it and rated it and and
subscribe to it or iTunes that now I
don't think we can really be friends in
the UK especially spoken word commentary
satires dominated by the BBC and radio 4
and I certainly used to find it really
difficult to find some independently
minded programming and podcasting out
there um so I have compiled a list for
your lovely people um in order to kind
of get you going in the world of
politics podcasting get some inspiration
learn from some people get smaller
perspective you know first of all I need
to recommend you common-sense by Dan
Carlin Dan Carlin is a previous
mainstream media radio broadcaster who
has dived into podcasting at his main
gig he's really famous also for the
history podcast that he puts together
but I want you guys to listen to common
sense because it's basically him talking
for like an hour or more about what the
fuck is happening in the u.s. at the
moment
now I knew I was going to be upset with
the results of the election I just
didn't know exactly why as a political
Martian you know I wasn't going to be
satisfied either way so I knew I was
going to come in here and grouse but I
gave it a 75% probability that I'd be
grousing because Hillary Clinton won I
have acknowledged though that I have
been wrong about Donald Trump
multiple times during this campaign so
the fact that he surprised me again
should come as no surprise he's a
history fan he's got an undergrad in in
history and really knows his shit and
he's able to put things into context and
into their historical narratives that
really shows that human beings are very
good repeating the same mistakes dan
describes himself as a political Martian
has some libertarian tendencies though
some social tendencies doesn't really
land anywhere in the political spectrum
very cleanly um but he who much wanted
there to be an outsider President to be
able to take away all of these executive
powers um he kind of got that wish with
Trump and is very very aware of that
bless bless Dan for each of the podcast
and what I mentioned in this video I'll
link them in the little notifications
annotation as little circle with the
exclamation mark in it that will take
you straight to the iTunes Store if you
have iTunes if you don't have iTunes
then I'll link to their download links
in the downbar description so go and
check out Dan's podcast you're welcome
next I want to recommend to you party
games by Paul Rudd one he was a guest on
my podcast a couple of weeks ago and is
so insightful and funny he has a
background in broadcasting with the BBC
as well but is able to be cutting and
witty with his remarks on his podcast
you know for a political geek
by-elections are good fun they're kind
of the equivalent of something United
against Arsenal in the FA Cup albeit
with fewer funny fat goalkeepers eating
all the pies for a bet what usually
makes them interesting is the pressure
they put on the governing
party by-elections are a handy way for
voters to give the government to smack
on the rest a nice way for the
opposition to build up a bit of momentum
unless of course the opposition is being
led by Jeremy Corbyn we've had labour
here for more than 80 years but it's
been very clear talking to people
throughout this campaign that Jeremy
Corbyn doesn't represent them they're so
beautifully edited and I'm jealous and
the sound quality is great which is very
important when it comes to podcasting
because I've got you in my ears the
whole time don't want to be able to hear
all of your like machines wearing in the
background party games is very much UK
politics base there aren't many podcasts
out there that aren't affiliated with a
newspaper or a broadcaster Paul's is
brilliant and stands up and is better
than an awful lot of the shit that is
put out there by the mainstream media
listen to him find him in the downbar or
in the little eggs what is that thing
called who knows who knows some of you
may have noticed that I am now doing a
master's in social sciences the
fluffiest of all of the sciences but now
I'm now super interested in like polling
data and how to conduct surveys and how
qualitative methods are supplementary to
quantitative big word things
incidentally if you're really interested
in polling and like survey data and the
ways that big data can affect and
predict political outcomes then
definitely check out 538 they also have
a podcast but I haven't included them in
this list but if you're interested in
polling and health data effects politics
then check out the pollsters which is
run by a couple of ladies called Margie
Amero who is a Democratic pollster and
Kristin Psaltis Anderson who is a
Republican pollster they have been
fascinating in the run up to the 2016
election in the u.s. they do regular
stories on polling about like pop
culture and
about like opinion polls of Donald Trump
from all that kind of stuff this is this
is really good shit and every now and
again they'll dive into really deep dive
like methodical how to do a really good
poll which is really handy for me
because it's like reading a textbook but
not having to read learning what Moses
um but we're back to the usual kinds of
topics and you know there's a lot of
anxiety out there despite Kristin being
well rested and and us not talking about
Trump last week we're back to it which
made me think of a song this is kind of
my effort to try and you know do a
little self-care and this was the best
you can relate to I was advocating for a
Newsies song a little more upbeat yeah I
don't know the kind of vibe that's out
there in the world right now Michael
Stipe is here to reassure you from the
past to reassure you that at least we're
in it together that's what we could say
anyway what I'm laughing at the pain
here these ladies are funny have
charisma and most importantly really
fucking know their shit check them out
they're very good highly recommended
less on the social sciences side and
more on the theoretical political side I
have to recommend the podcast talking
politics which is previously the
election podcast which is hosted by
David wankerman who is a lecturer at
Cambridge University in the UK Cambridge
being Cambridge gets an awful lot of
clever people going through its doors
and runkelman is able to get experts
like Mary Baird
comedians authors political experts from
all walks of life on this podcast being
able to give their insights political
insights on people who are some of the
cleverest people in their field to give
their two cents on stuff that is
happening not just in the UK around exit
not just around Trump but also across
Europe they talked extensively about the
rise of moving
and whether we should be scared they
don't ignore the Northern European
parties it's it's so invaluable and this
stuff like comes for free this is what
people pay like thousands of pounds in
tuition fees to be around and you get to
get it plugged into your ears once a
week it's bloody brilliant we were
discussing the question about how you
understand
Trump's presidency and what you compare
it to and one possibility is you look to
American history and very broadly if you
do that you tend to come down on the
more optimistic side in the sense that
American democracy and the American
Constitution if we bracket the Civil War
has survived a lot a lot worse than this
the really bleak view is you take the
comparison with the 1930s European
outcomes which obviously are very bad so
that's when people start talking about
fascism Mussolini and then when they get
really wound up Hitler and then the
third possibility which is the one we're
going to do today which is probably I
think the one that has most mileage in
it is to compare him with other people
now I love this podcast it's really
fucking good I wish I were making it
which to be honest is the like that's
most of these and just podcast that I
want to be able to make but do check out
talking politics for highbrow political
clever shit love a bit too clever shit
oh hi future jazz I hear just
time-traveled with a single John cut
very exciting in all seriousness though
please do check out the podcasts I
recommend it here they're genuinely the
main way that I stay abreast all of the
shit that's happening in the world today
I'm also going to be putting together a
blog post on the right dissing of all
calm recommending a few more other like
really great political podcasts for
people to listen to or leave the link
down the doobly-doo but if you guys can
leave me recommendations in the comments
let me know if I've missed anything that
you are a particular fan of and then I
can add it to the blog post so then we
have like a nice little library because
I think it's quite hard to discover
political podcasts at the moment
hopefully this will improve things if
you've enjoyed me recommending you
things
and check out this video where I
recommend smaller YouTube channels ooh
exciting
ah and then if you have enjoyed watching
me then click on the subscribe or
justjust here
subscribe please love me okay bye
