hello YouTube Java hit so shall we talk
about lady gaga yawn I think our lady
did a pretty good job the Super Bowl I
was thoroughly entertained she fake
jumped off some things wore some
shoulder pads actually jumped off of
some things that is very entertained so
I was Abed about like 12 o'clock in the
morning the United Kingdom and then woke
up and apparently what she's just done
was an advert Lee political acts against
Donald Trump which I disagree with let's
be clear here everything really is
political beyonce's singing a song about
black empowerment of black identity of
the Super Bowl when there is a massive
crisis with the relationship between
police and people of color in the US
that is political am ia flipping the
bird during Madonna's halftime show of
years ago that is political and to a
certain extent Lady Gaga singing about
lgbtq+ rights with us and born this way
and this year Super Bowl is political in
a way I just think that she is being
given too much credit for something that
wasn't that hard to do sorry not funny I
understand the desire and the need for
us to see our role models and the people
that we look up to standing up for
political views that we believe in
especially in a time when Donald Trump
is basically instigating the apocalypse
I'm on everything that there was nothing
political about gargoyles halftime show
at the Super Bowl parties were kind
enough to break down everything that
they deemed as political in her 15
minute performance first of all she
started off with a rendition of this
land is our land and had blue drums for
when she says this land is my land and
when she said this land is your land
there were red drones which I mean
artistry very pretty nice use of car
she could have made this a really
powerful segment though by using a
different version of the song and not
using a watered-down mass pleasing
version of it in the original version of
the song that never made it to be actual
recording there's a part that goes there
was a big high wall dare that trying to
stop me the sign was painted said
private property but on the backside it
didn't say nothing this land was made
for you and me that would have been a
kick like flipping the bird Donal Trump
that would have been brilliant but no
she chose to go say it also doesn't pass
me by the Born This Way is a political
song it's a song about queer and racial
identity no man is gay straight or bi
lesbian transgendered life know when a
black white or beige Chola or orient
made in the current climate though the
powerful things to be saying when there
is a racist president and there's a vice
president who believes that gay people
could be true or true conversion therapy
but again the political oomph of the
song was taken out the introduction that
goes it doesn't matter if you love him
or capital H I am why was that taken out
why was that removed when that could
have made a really strong statement I
get what you're saying and why you're
saying it or at least what I'm assuming
you're saying we should accept what we
can get but our allies are speaking out
for the queer community and communities
of color obviously that's not mine I'm
I'm really want I'm just quit but the
thing with allies to any community is
that their activism should never be
convenient or easy Lady Gaga's activism
if you want to call this performance
activism was convenient and it
compromised and we deserve more from our
Anneliese what's more artists in the
past have done this better they've
dissented really dissented vild people
up had people say why have you made an
event like this political these events
are in political in their very essence
and their baby just by existing having
millions of people watching these events
make them political and a true Ally
takes advantage of that and doesn't just
compromise Gaga had her hand side
because of contracting because of
artistic license that she had to hand
over to the people who are organizing
the Super Bowl but when you compare her
singing some of her old track to
macklemore and Madonna singing about
same love and same sex marriage and then
Queen Latifah marrying 30 for gay
couples at the grammy's before gay
marriage was legalized across the united
states that was powerful that was
dissenting in that got people talking
when you saw Beyonce in the 2015 VMA
Awards standing in front of the word
feminist had everybody talking for four
weeks weeks like that was powerful that
was dissent that was political
performance political activism I don't
think that gaga's performance falls into
that category and I think that if we're
looking for our allies to stand up for
us it should be more than just
convenient for them and we should expect
more often them we the queer community
and other communities deserve pearls we
deserve gold and we're rummaging around
on the floor looking for bed breadcrumbs
that have just been scattered in the
wake of Lady Gaga jumping of us some
scaffolding what's more in order for
dissidents and activism to be powerful
it has to inconvenience somebody and it
has to be noticed by the people that
you're trying to stand up to and when
Mike Huckabee and ivanka trump can treat
that they loved her performance how is
that sending a message to the powers
that be it's not because they're stupid
those are those are smart people that
probably know what true dissidents would
be we saw a new tooth Lady Gaga there
and that's sad because she is a
fantastic advocate advocate of so many
community she's a brilliant lady but I
think that if we're if we want our role
models to be standing up to us
we should be asking and expecting a lot
from them enjoy lady gaga's performance
love the fact that she slayed yars but
don't call this political because this
was this was the performance equivalent
and the activism equivalent of somebody
we tweeting on Twitter but enough about
my opinions tell me what you think do
you think Gaga is getting a bad rap from
certain people do you think people are
being too forgiving for her because of
the history that she has in the activism
for the queer community I would love to
hear what you think even if you disagree
with me please do comment below and tell
me how much you hate my beard and I'd be
so much more handsome associated self
love hearing that if you would like to
hear more political queer identity stuff
from me then subscribe that we are there
or watch one of my other videos I
sometimes talk about Trump and sometimes
I dance around in dresses and lip
syncher things I am such a versatile
performer my name is Java follow me in
Twitter because it validates me I'm
going to go now kudos
