hello internet jazz a hit I have just
had the privileged opportunity of being
able to go and see how he Potter and the
cursed child live on stage in London I
tried to talk to my boyfriend about it
he didn't get to go and see it I went to
see him live um tried to talk to him
about it
he's not having any of it doesn't want
any spoilers I'm in a position I'd
really want to talk what I think about
the play so if you don't want any of how
important the curse Charles spoiled you
haven't read the script if you haven't
seen the play don't watch this video
because it still doing it for you and I
don't want to put the blue eye look over
you bah bah
just so we clear this is gonna be full
of spoilers click right now okay now
that just the cool kids are left Hey I
googled cursed child reviews just before
I turned this video on and not many
people liked this play and a lot of loot
reviews of people who have read the
script the the final read-through script
that has all of the stage directions and
it's like 98% dialogue and I feel like
those people were never going to like it
because they went into expecting this to
be like the eighth book in the Harry
Potter franchise this isn't the eighth
book in the Harry Potter franchise this
is state stage production set in a
similar issue universe and I think those
people because someone fair I do however
fall into the camp of people who had
grievances about this play I realized
that when I review things I tend to be
viewed as the person who screams at the
camera and is annoyed at things and goes
/ yeah quite a lot um I'm gonna talk
about the things that I liked first and
then we'll talk about the things that I
hated time travel and we'll move on from
that I just don't want this to turn into
another Star Wars rant like the one I
did a few months ago even though I'm
I have really similar feelings
sentiments coming out of the cursed
child play as I did coming out for
cinema for the force awakens what I felt
was I feel so privileged to be able to
experience this world again in all of
its glory see characters that I love see
themes that I am familiar with played
with again and get lifted up by the seat
of my pants and propelled through this
universe only bloody loved that I really
enjoyed seeing all of the original
characters older I think that Harry and
Hermione are cast and played incredibly
well we'll talk about ron later Ginny is
an amazing addition in terms of like a
deep character she fucking kick-ass and
the kids are like really good the kid
who plays Albus is okay but the whole
play is really carried by Antony Boyle
and his weight and charisma playing
Scorpius Malfoy I feel like he's the
main character and not Albus Potter at
all and it kind of blew my mind that I'd
I'd forgotten the Bertie Gilbert played
Scorpius Malfoy in the movies and I
forgot that that's why he has loads of
fan girlies movie fans
Edwin why do I have first he reprised
the role on stage record yeah Bandini
boy was like truly magnificent like I'd
mean roaring with laughter I quite liked
the homoerotic tension between Scorpius
and Albus Calibos is what my hatched act
immediately after leaving the theatre I
also really loved Rose Granger Weasley
and who basically gets written out for
the play really really early on because
time job what happened um but I thought
that she was a really interesting
character I would have really loved to
see them as a trio rather than like a
brother
kind of like bro thing that we ended up
seeing Jake Oh
Albus but I genuinely was quite ecstatic
about seeing one of these old characters
and getting to know these new ones who
really work like they had parts of their
fathers and mothers in them it was very
brilliant I really really enjoyed it all
of the special effects are phenomenal
they somehow managed to make Polyjuice
potion work on the stage which is
amazing the new mental scared the shit
out of me
as did vulgar more I really like that
they're financing Voldemort correctly
now that was like a really good positive
for me also all the set design and the
kind of visualizations they have no
banners for all of the school houses and
they all like it brilliant I am proud to
be a half above metal because we had the
coolest banner just saying I also really
really loved the themes that curse
jogged touched on it feels like it's
definitely matured from being like a
kids book and really is probably written
for people who are going into like
proper adulthood and middle age there's
talk about Ron Weasley getting a gun
there's a huge amount of conflict of
Harry trying to be a good son - Alvis
find it slightly annoying that his other
two kids are kind of not in the play
like very much at all but like fine it's
a play they only have a certain amount
of time to develop characters I get it
but that general overriding theme of
fatherhood and trying to be a good
barber and the fact that Harry doesn't
have an example that he can either copy
or push away and complete rejects and do
pound wigs in different way he didn't
have parents and that was super
emotional at the end he gets to see his
parents killed odd that the children
also get to see how he's parents killed
I'd have thought they drove um you know
taking Scorpius and Albus away like so
they didn't have to see a murder
especially of Albus of his grandpa that
was odd that seems like odd parenting
choices that theme of parent
and wanting to know your own parents and
wanting to have that kind of connection
it's also really strongly echoed in
Delphine II the main antagonist
Voldemort daughter I wasn't the biggest
fan of her but I did appreciate that
overarching theme the fact that she is
contrasted with Albus
Albus who has a father who's trying to
like work really hard and be a good dad
essentially and Albus is like pushing
him away and even at the end when Harley
and Albus have a more positive
relationship a professor's like oh he's
gonna take me out for a walk and I think
of bonding like that was me as a kid and
then you contrast that with Delphine II
who just desperately wants any of that
kind of connection and to a certain
extent Scorpius as well
I really appreciated those things
because they were things that God man
they like they touched me they made me
um well up in my eyes my eyes leaked
slightly moment of weakness so that's
what I liked and I'll be honest the rest
of it was just a bit of a shit show time
travel why-why-why the time travel just
didn't make sense I hated the whole
premise of time Turner's coming back in
and being like this big in just being an
excuse for them to have extra story I
thought that that was really lazy it
meant that they didn't have to come up
with any real new plots I found that
really really annoying I was really
disappointed with that actually like we
just ended up going to the Troy was a
tournament three times and then to
Godric's Hollow
these are all things that we know and
understand and that have been written
about to death and that have been
contemplated to that by the fan base
it's it was frustrating that they chose
time travel as the way of them being
able to make
play that would be counted as like the
eighth book disappointed some of the
characterization and the Potomac
accounts have dropped me up the wrong
way as well
I fought Hermione Harry and Ginny
brilliantly cast brilliantly portrayal I
bloody love them what if I come to on
bond ended up turning into like the
bumbling court jester and vaunted and
that waste has played that kind of role
of the light relief he's like soccer in
Avatar The Last Airbender in hang the
last airbender like and I feel like you
need those characters those the
characters that we an audience who
aren't magical and who aren't
exceptional can identify with that's
what I loved about one because he wasn't
exceptionally talented or exceptionally
special in any way he was just a normal
person who found himself seems to
himself by virtue of his ridiculous
ridiculous friend group he found himself
in these extraordinary situations and he
wasn't built for them he wasn't made for
them and he struggled with them and here
he's just he's just funny it's like they
went got the Fred and George characters
smushed them and then created Ron and
I'm team on Tom was always Tom Vaughn
was always my favorite character in the
books and in the films and man liked it
I think that's probably one of the
biggest things is like when your
favorite character and I appreciate that
one isn't many people's favorite
character quite rightly so it is often
Hermione but when your favorite
character gets his teeth and his
background pulled out of him that sucks
that really but like it that kicked me
in the train just all my hair it tear
thanks
and delphinius an antagonist was just I
didn't I didn't believe that she was
capable of taking over the world and
maybe that was the actress
maybe that but I like JIT probably
actually poor writing I thought this was
really poorly written some of the
dialogue fell flat on his face
some of the dialogue was brilliant the
guy who played Hagrid kept on getting
the Bostonian accent wrong and sounded
like he was from Tennessee a lot that
was hard especially at the end but yeah
those are my initial thoughts 24 hours
after seeing curse child and I just
needed to talk to somebody about it
because I haven't had a chance to chat
like Lex okay Lee Organa I'm like my
friends who've seen it I've chatted to a
couple of people on Twitter about it
I was just like sweeps down
let's hope fantastic beasts and where to
find them it's good I'm gonna go and we
watch the last movie now let me know in
the comments if you've seen it and I
hope you have because I think that
people should go in to this play blind I
think that you should know as little
about it as possible because then like
surprises what did you think what did
what did you think what did you think if
you flip the book what did you think
what did they do to Ron okay I'm gonna
leave now I love you very much my name
is Vanessa I'm with oranges like this
video please it may be
thank you please have you liked it like
it will you like it okay if you haven't
liked it now and you won't ever like it
okay ah this is a mess being bad and the
video is Lola Lola
okay but that kneez kneez kneez kneez
kneez kneez short space okay bye
you
