I've taken a break from work for a few
minutes because this is a really
difficult and weird day to be a gay man
wherever you are in the world I think
since the massacre that happened in the
post club in Orlando a gay bar where a
guy took hostages and killed dozens of
people injured dozens of people I
tweeted about this this is a whole whole
war reminder really hammering reminder
that we are a minority that is still
hated by a large number of people and if
we needed a justification to still have
pride parades where equality has seemed
to have been achieved across most of the
West in terms of our relationship rights
and our rights in the workplace and I
rights as customers it's a really
horrible reminder that um people will
justify violence against us just because
of the way the people that we end up
falling in love with it was particularly
harrowing for me because as somebody who
travels quite a lot I always I like
almost always go to the local gay bar of
wherever I'm traveling I've been to
Orlando I haven't been to the pulse club
but I could have really easily been one
of the people in that venue that was
shot injured or killed and friends of
mine could have really easily been
amongst the many that ended up losing
their lives over the weekend and
it is somewhat selfish to be emotional
about that particular fact that oh I
could have been affected by this um but
it does bring it home what was
particularly harrowing was a account
that I heard of officers that working on
the scene at the moment in the club
after the attacks are having to ignore
the ringing cell phones of the people
who were killed there because people
their loved ones were trying to reach
them trying to reach the people who are
now dead and fuck that was that was
that's that's a horrible horrible image
there's been a lot of criticism of quite
a lot of media in the UK at least but
also in the u.s. of this being of it not
being highlighted that this was a
homophobic attack these people died
because somebody thought that they're
the people the fact that they fall in
love with people of the same sex or
people of people of different genders or
they identify a certain gender people
found their lifestyle disgusting people
found them as people disgusting that's
homophobia and for a long time we
haven't seen this number of people die
because of something that they happen to
be there's been a lot of talk of the
fact that this is an Isis motivated to
sac Isis have claimed responsibility for
it there doesn't seem to be a huge
amount of evidence this apart from
anecdotal stuff the mods more Isis tend
to claim responsibility for attacks
wherever they happen just because it's
really fun for them to install fear in
people I know one thing I'm going to
continue to not let terrorism
no matter who it's affected out I'm not
going to let toes and affect the choices
that I make I am going to continue to
frequent homosexual establishments I'm
container continue with my plans um to
attend pride events because it is LGBT
pride month and I would encourage you to
as well to always be safe but not let
your decisions be marred by levels of
fear that people want you to feel
because then they win there's two other
things that I want to address um firstly
something that is obvious for the
majority of us around the world with
stricter gun control laws there wouldn't
be this many massacres that happen
across the u.s. sort your shit out thank
you and finally something that I think
is really important is the aspect of
Islam in these attacks I talked about
this a lot with um Jimmy on the podcast
that I do where we talk about social
issues and current events and he finds
it baffling that I are I'm not more
offended by homophobia within Islam
because especially people within the way
especially a month like ethnic groups
people who identify as Muslim are more
likely to disagree with giving same-sex
couples rights are more likely to agree
with the idea of gay people not being
able to be treated the same as everybody
else we've also seen our over the past
like 24 hours the right-wing pundit from
Breitbart Milo yo napolis who is mildly
entertaining but also has horrific
horrific views say that this isn't
homophobia this isn't Islam exam
extremism this is Islam violent people
and homophobic people will choose
whatever excuse they'd have in order to
partake in violent act a good example of
this that we also saw over the weekend
was the large number of Russian and
England fans in the European
Championships who had special forces
police have to break up riots at the
football match that happened there those
people don't represent English football
fans Russian football fans those people
represent people who have looked for a
place to be violent and looked for a
place to pick a fight I don't see
anybody suggesting that the England fans
that were in France over the weekend
were representative of the majority of
people that are backing the England team
it does seem to be that a lot of Muslims
justify homophobia through their faith
what I think is really important for us
to remember is that being a Muslim does
not mean that you are homophobic and
being accepting of gay people does not
affect somebody's ability to be a Muslim
homophobic people are homophobic people
no matter what ethnic background they
come from and they will use anything in
their arsenal be it Christianity or
class or personal experience or Islam
they will use any excuse that they have
in order to justify their actions and
sometimes violent actions against gay
people and so I think when there's a lot
of heat and a lot of emotions
surrounding this particular massacre
that happened in Orlando it's important
that we remember that Islam isn't the
problem here homophobia and extremism
are and as long as we keep our head
screwed on in those two cents we can
only win
I think that's all I have to say about
this what people who are extreme and
what people who are hateful one is for
there to be panic and for there to be
more divisions don't let that happen I'm
out by
