any of you who've been watching me long
enough will know that there are three
main things that I love which form the
cornerstones of my winning personality
fact infused political discussion
handsome gentlemen and of course the
Eurovision Song Contest every year the
competition overflows onto the wider
Internet and is greeted mainly by
Americans with the quizzical confusion
of an ape being presented with a coffee
machine for the first time is there any
real practical reason why it needs to
engage with it at all no is it going to
change its life brilliantly yes it's an
odd metaphor but let's Vall with it I
genuinely love Eurovision more than I do
most members of my family so as I do
every year I'm going to be explaining
for the uninitiated confused perhaps
aroused who want to know more about this
singing competition that has nearly
twice as many viewers every year as the
Superbowl I'm here to break down what
you need to look out for in this year's
Eurovision hosted by portrait
Eurovision has over 60 years of history
first created to try and heal the
fissures that had been caused by the
Second World War
through the magic of song pretty much
everybody hated one hour back then if
you can imagine if you will with me a
Europe of today just a tiny tiny bit
worse back then each nation entered an
axe and a national jury would award
points and announce a winner in 1956
there were seven countries taking part
and Switzerland won now there were 43
countries from across Europe plus
Australia which will compete over two
semi-finals and one final nowadays a mix
of public telephone and national juries
decide who the winning country is the
winning nation then gets to host it the
following year hence the reason why
we're in Portugal in 2018 this is
because in 2017 Europe became enamored
with a guy singing in Portuguese doing
an impression of Gollum in 2018 I'd
argue that we actually have a really
solid year and there's a great diversity
of songs and musical genres but what's
that you you'd like me to share my
opinion which which songs I like and
which ones I think are gonna do well in
the competition well I don't actually
usually do this I'm usually very shy on
the internet I don't like to like share
my opinion on things very much but here
are my top five songs to look out for
for the Eurovision in 2018 I definitely
haven't prepared this oh my god I love
the urban so much help me I have a
problem what happens when you combine
kimonos a little pedal and chicken
references its netters toi who is
representing Israel in this year's some
context I think that meta song is
legitimately brilliant it's the favorite
at the moment it's it's catchy
it really leans into its gimmick of
chicken references she replaces the
f-word with the phrase the mother Papa
beat and all of her dancers they're
flapping they flap their wings on stage
on stage
I really really like it I probably won't
waste my vote on it but this is gonna do
reasonably well I don't think it's going
to win it's different having a really
standout and innovative track to having
a performance that actually engages with
people and I think that the performance
is probably just gonna be a little bit
too weird
on the night ah Nicholas Joseph the
Robin Thicke of Eurovision 2018 if
you're questioning why there is a camel
in the music video then you're already
thinking too much just let the slightly
creepy smirk that he has and the robbing
of his hands wash over you as you
appreciate that camels are stink to high
heaven and fart a lot so that studio
must have been helped to working the
lyrics of this song are really the main
reason that I'm giving it the label of
Robin Thicke of 2018
and I thought I'd give you a dramatic
reading just so you can really
appreciate them to their full extent oh
oh she a good girl at home but her skirt
goes up like Marilyn Monroe's by the way
she moved got me making a puddle baby I
already knew you would be nothing but
trouble and now on to the chorus I know
you Bop whoop a loo bop on this wood
bamboo when you were still seeing me and
well he didn't even know hmm but god
damn it come and count to three now sit
down Gigi why I'm on fire now there's a
few problems I have with the gloom
ethical choices that some of these
lyrics have made but specifically I'd
had no idea what of GGY was don't worry
I googled it so there are three options
and I think there's some artistic
interpretation than this a GGY
which he is offering to sit down on him
obviously in the song could either be a
compain Generale geo physique
which i think is something french a
gross gaming yield which is a term from
from gambling or a glucose glycine yeast
extract so so these lyrics are continued
to be as clear as mud regardless I like
the song
the camel is hilarious and I I enjoy
songs about sex there's a shamelessly
about sex bamboo would indeed good yes
Eurovision has some songs that use
strange metaphors to talk about sex and
some songs that encourage you to do
chicken dances and there's other songs
like
knowmia vltava Tony Entei from Italy
this year sung by mal Mehta and Fabrizio
Moro that genuinely give me goosebumps
every single time I hear it
it's in Italian which means that it's
not gonna have people aren't gonna get
like the universal meaning behind it but
the lyrics of this song and the way that
is sung is truly beautiful
Coolidge and Google the lyrics for those
of you who could speak Italian listen to
it it's kind of like a big cue to a lot
of the to the social things that are
happening across Europe especially in
the face of like certain terrorist
attacks it's it's amazing this is a
great song it deserves to win I think
it's a representation of European values
I genuinely have feels about it sorry
nothing funny to say
you might recognize Alexander Rybak he
won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2009
for Norway which never happens for them
with a song that was very very catchy
and ran away with a win
called fairytale he's now decided to
really kind of give back to the song
like in community and very helpfully
write a song about how to write a song
it's very easy actually
there were only two steps and I can I
can quote from the chorus glasses are
obviously necessary step one
believe in it and sing it all day long
step two just roll with it that's how
you write a song now call me cynical but
I feel like lever more than just two
steps to writing a successful song and I
would suggest that an accurate depiction
on how to write a song would actually
have a step including the writing of the
song rather than just you know believing
in it but never mind um this one's
probably gonna win he's very popular he
can be added to the list that includes
Keanu Reeves and Pharrell Williams of
people who seem to apparently not age
over over the millennia um I think this
will I don't want it to win I don't
think it's very good but something about
Alexander Rybak with a violin smiling at
you in a slightly creepy way um really
gets Europe's goat like catnip but hey
good good for him Norway 2019 I suppose
now I always have to be really careful
when I criticize smaller European
countries because they tend to have very
passionate fan bases but probably my
favorite song for Kitsch value this year
is it's San Marino no San Marino is
probably a country you haven't heard of
before um they are landlocked surrounded
by Italy and have a population
smaller than most towns and villages of
only 33,000 but they always come to
Eurovision and they always bring
something amazing um and I am in love
with Jessica with a K and Jenny be
singing who we are which is a mess of a
song but both Jessica with a K and Jenny
B who is a rapper by the way what a name
they bring it every single time I've
seen before and they insist on rolling
this turd in as much glitter as bloody
possible and by glitter they do mean
robots which hold up obscure references
to previous San Marino contestants it's
amazing it's a mess
it's about seven songs stitched together
into a Frankenstein monster but I am
really really into white girl rap
robotic backing dancers right now in the
semi-finals I'm voting for this if I can
and
it's glorious I love it there's an
it's me Jenny be what you get is what
you see nancydeb some I hear she's a
special VIP so you better listen
carefully and say this any on Twitter
targets and
I am going to be tweeting through the
semi-finals and through the finals this
year you can follow me at Jay Sir John I
inevitably lose an awful lot of
followers on Twitter but it's King worth
it because it's glorious and it's a
shared online experience that we can
have together
I'm very sassy and often very drunk and
to have loads of typos so we can have
loads of fun fanboying and girling over
the the songs that we love this year
make sure you subscribe I post things on
here exciting ah and let me know who you
like this year from the Eurovision Song
Contest because comments are an
important part of social media marketing
right very well
I'm gonna go I've been grounded on G's
Chile
you
