I almost didn't want to make this video
because it kind of been around about way
involves zoella and ever since I made
that video about her brother everybody's
kind of assumed that I have it out for
the sags I don't I think they're fine
but you know what it freedom of
speech I has opinions law it is award
season in case you hadn't noticed and
the British LGBT Awards yes it does
exist decided to release their shortlist
for their myriad of categories last week
and these awards a number of youtubers
were included in their variety of
categories the lovely lesbian couple
rose and Rosie from the UK were included
and even though these are British Awards
Hannah ha got included in a shortlist
for an award I mean you know not British
but fine but then we come to the
category that zoella was nominated in
best straight Ally to issues with this I
think is fantastic the British LGBT
Awards have decided to look at team
Internet in order to find some
inspiration for shortlist candidates
this year however I have to question how
hard they actually looked when they
decided to shortlist Zoe for this award
when you look at her bio on the website
and the reasons are given as to why she
perhaps deserves this award it's kind of
embarrassing that the main reason that
she's apparently been considered for
this is that she's best friends with
Tyler Oakley and they've made some
videos together
what's more Zoe though she's done a load
of charity work and a load of really
good things in terms of mental health
she has yet to be associated with or
joined a campaign that champions lgbtq+
causes is she is she really the best
example of a straight Ally from the
YouTube community it's also mentioned
that her co-written book had some gay
themes but as my straight boyfriend Liam
Dryden mentioned in his article her LGBT
character there is little more than the
stereotype of gay best friend which
isn't you know overly progressive I want
to make it really clear that I have no
beef with Zoe in this at all the problem
is that the award ceremony have gone up
we really should include somebody from
the interwebs and they've gone and
searched with the most subscribed
creators in the UK and gone our she's
made a few videos with a gay man that's
enough
second reason that some people are
slightly miffed is the fact that this
category even exists many people have
issues with this particular category
because it seems to be rewarding people
but just not being dicks to the lgbtq+
community do we need an award ceremony
for being a half decent human being I
don't know I feel like straight people
should get some awards for being not
dicks sometimes I'm very on the fence
about the whole thing let me know what
you think the issue I have with these
Awards having two separate categories to
award the decency of straight people is
that it hugely skews the representation
within the rest of the Awards across all
of the categories there were 80
individuals up for nomination for an
award at this year's LGBT Awards in the
UK of those 80 people only six of them
are trans and representative of the T in
LGBT and only 10 of them are people of
color do you know how many straight
folks have been nominated for a British
LGBT award 23 yes you heard me right 28
percent nearly a third of the people
nominated for the British LGBT Awards
are straight people what thing is when
we see the letters LGBT we expect there
to be a certain amount of representation
we expect there to be a certain amount
of you know promotion of a really great
community that exists and that supports
itself and that has straight allies that
can be awarded fine they can be awarded
but when they looked at the people that
they were putting forward for awards and
saw that there were nearly four times as
many straight people up for awards than
trans people did nobody think that are
maybe maybe this isn't maybe this
shouldn't be called at the LGBT Awards
I'm clearly a little bit annoyed about
this I know Jetta usually so composed
but the thing is when I see something
that is meant to celebrate British LGBT
nurse I expect there to be a certain
amount of like diversity and championing
of people who have done great things
within a community and that has happened
with some of these nominations some of
the people up for nominations are really
phenomenal people but at the end of the
day
isn't actually the job of the award
ceremony to promote people who have done
amazing things in their industry or
community it's their job to make money
frankly and you do that by getting
Britain's biggest YouTube star as a
shortlisted possible winner of an award
like Zooey despite the fact that she
hasn't though she's done amazing things
she hasn't done a huge amount
specifically for the LGBT community I
mean beyond having Tyler Oakley as a
best friend
I am so jaded about this but as always
you are welcome to all have opinions I
have a couple of questions for you let
me know in the comments do you think
that the celebrity straight Ally award
is a fast should be finished because I
know that lots of people think that I'm
more near about the whole issue as I
said it's great that these awards are
looking at social influences in terms of
people who promote and support the LGBT
community if you weren't to choose Zooey
who would you choose I've heard Hannah
Witton a friend of mine battered around
also Bertie Gilbert for the fact that he
made that transport film which was very
good let me know who you would have as a
potential straight Ally for this award
good right I have been rhyming with
oranges and - Luke - Luke oh god I'm
getting worse and worse at this
you
