with great power comes great
responsibility and along with that also
something that not many people will tell
you is an increased tendency to mode and
to be incredibly lazy on the YouTube
front we have a tendency to learn quite
a lot about the fact that YouTube
doesn't look at nice small creators
quite as much as we think it's shit in
order to tackle this I'm joining my
friend Alina norms but is similarly a
small / medium sized youtuber like
myself to recommend a handful of
outstanding creators who have under
10,000 subscribers and so are deemed
actually small youtubers an honorable
mention in this list that I'm not going
to actually mention in the 10 creators
I'm going to recommend to you today is
John John B here who is an absolute
sweetheart and a friend of mine and has
started a project called flushing the
tubes because I mean is that an innuendo
innuendos of fun and he has taken it
upon himself to stop promoting smaller
youtubers as well himself had only
having a couple of thousand subscribers
and I love his content and I think he's
glorious and you should go and support
him new channel is in the description my
criteria for this top 10 list even
though that war doesn't really mean
anything at all is basically the fact
that I am completely jealous of the type
of content that these creators make and
I want to make the kind of content that
they create and they need to have more
people watching them and more people
being inspired by the stuff that they
are making because I'm inspired by the
stuff that they are making to varying
degrees after you watch this video I
encourage you to make your own doing a
similar thing promote the guys who
aren't getting the hits okay good
first on my list is con stop me he's one
of the creators who I believe I think
i'ma go in saying that he's kind of been
inspired by the casing nice tats and the
Jack Howard's and the fun falou ease of
this world and that he makes beautiful
beautiful pieces of film his choice of
music is always on point and his camera
taken
mechana T is great and these are all
things that I'm terrible at
as well as being talented he's
annoyingly young and the video that I
would urge you to go and watch appears
is one where he gets his friends to
justify the unjustifiable
and I really I'd tweeted at him and I'm
like can can can we get together and
make this a series so can we get
together and make this a series but it's
hidden areas where he gets friends to
justify Donald Trump being president or
Aniki and a few that's the that's the
word I'm looking for and it's just
really really funny and he needs to be
you know recognized for the gloriousness
that is his content forgive me Father
for in the past I have gained however I
don't have a games console anymore so at
the moment I live vicariously through
other people playing games for me in
form of let's play videos even if you've
never been even faintly interested in
the concept of somebody commentating
over themselves playing a game before
you need to watch Joseph birdsong do
Let's Plays because he is fucking
hilarious
his let's play channel his DK of games
and I can't tell you the amount of times
I've have been watched actually
everything he does he's hilarious
whenever he plays like fright games he's
been playing so now recently I can't
wait for him to start working through
that again him playing alien isolation
as an anomaly is it's gold it's so good
but the one video that I'm going to link
to you in the description is him playing
GTA 5 live online and he goes in search
of a boyfriend and it's so funny he's
hilarious and I love I loved that
channel and I spend more time on that
channel I think than any other channel
on YouTube how am I come across this
really like me yet I really like Joe's
content check him out super Sam stuff is
a channel run by Sam who is annoyingly
young annoyingly talented makes
annoyingly Pretty Things is annoyingly
intelligent and thoughtful about
everything and I want to be him really
badly what I love about Sam's content is
how deep and thoughtful it is
and how incredibly well edited is and
how pretty everything is also probably
the main thing that I love about
watching his channel is seeing him kind
of like grow up go through school move
out get to uni move to the Big Smoke and
that sense of nostalgia that I'm getting
when I watch it as I'm I'm now 26 I'm
basically a granddad in YouTube years
now
the video I'm going to recommend to you
is one called why is YouTube's of white
which though isn't necessarily overly
representative of the rest of his
content is one of the examples of him
being incredibly profound and having
something really unique and interesting
to say about those serious topic but he
makes it so watchable check out that
Chelsea a philia dagger and Jimmy
zero-one-zero are friends of mine but
neither of them were really small
youtubers they do have a spin-off
channel where the two of them film
themselves hanging out and being the
glorious creatures that they are I love
the both of them on a personal level so
much and the joy that they exude when
they hang out is so powerful in these
videos and it's completely authentic to
being in the same room as the two of
them whenever the two of them have their
banter and their ridiculous
conversations and they just complete
consistently make me smile and I love it
whenever the video appears on there
because it's always dry and sarcastic
and god it's so hard to describe but if
you're a fan of wit and intelligence and
sexiness go and check out Chelsea in
Jim's channel that they do together it's
really funny I'm just gonna link to any
I'm going to link to the video where
they go to Brighton because it was
fucking
yes check them out I seem to be
alternating ellipses between people that
I'm incredibly jealous of and people who
I want to hang out with and these again
are a channel that I'm incredibly
jealous of Kristin Larson rgo of a very
talented filmmaker and a spoken word
poet I love spoken word and I love the
artistic nurse of putting together
basically a music video for a poem and
that's what these guys do and whether
it's just a piece to camera and whether
it's a big production place where they
have like prosthetics of people dressing
up as human pigs it's always a pleasure
to see one of their videos appear in my
soap box and if you're interested in
spoken word poetry and if you're on
YouTube apparently apparently it's quite
the large medium at the moment you
should definitely check these guys out
because they take spoken word poetry and
uploading it to YouTube to a completely
new level like I said it's like having a
music video for a poem so Kristin Larson
come highly recommended from yours truly
Leslie is herself is a charming and
charismatic youtube on her own channel
which also has under 10k but this isn't
the channel that I'm talking about now
she has a project called once way what
what is it called it's called one time
stories and I've appeared on it once I
think once maybe twice and it's
basically a massive collaboration
channel where contributors send in
stories of themselves talking about a
story for like 90 seconds and then it's
all kind of collated under a theme it's
basically a story circle on the internet
and it's glorious and Leslie worked so
hard and creating the kind of stuff
that's on that channel and you should
definitely go and check it out if you
enjoy storytelling I I like it and I'm
on it so you should go and see that
video particularly which will be linked
in the description below
do you like drag queens I like drag
queens no vampeer are British drag
queens and they're trashy as fuck but
also classy this bug and I love them the
reason that I got into them was because
they made a video with my old friend
Adam Spence where they made him
in drag which obviously is not something
that I'm going to be able to do because
you know I have this thing in the way
now I've watched them perform on stage
I've watched them pretend to be
furniture I've watched them I now know
how to my cleaner wig which is not
something I particularly needs to know
but I couldn't stop watching the one
video I'm going to link to of yet
there's in the description below is a
video called something along the lines
of I'm addicted to pretending to be
furniture if that's not a hook for some
of my favorite journals are places where
people genuinely dump their thoughts
onto the Internet and I don't mean that
in a bad way I mean it's just kind of
like an authentic or what at least feels
like an authentic depiction of a person
through them talking to a camera
Marlina is so transparent and candid in
some of her videos but also has the
personality of like I want to say
wrecking ball like she's so fucking
funny and she's so witty but also has
the ability to like be really analytical
about her life and gives advice on like
dating and gives advice on dealing with
like you know having breasts which is
not something I've ever had to deal with
funnily enough when you check out my
expect a large variety in terms of like
the type of content some of it is filmed
on an iPhone some of it is incredibly
well produced and is travel vlogging at
its finest the video I'm going to link
down below is her tutorial on how to
make pumpkin pie I watch it at least
once every four tonight I love her it's
Clint I felt like most of these
recommendations are just me gushing to
be completely honest some of you may
have noticed that I quite like politics
from the number of videos that I've made
on the subject and the podcast that I
create every week of my make Jimmy that
is on you know politics what I'm going
to recommend you now is a channel that
I'm jealous of I wish that I could sit
down and talk to every single politician
Under the Sun and this guy from politics
has damn sight
he's got interviews on there from Owen
Jones the journalist from Nick Clegg to
Vince Cable to Natalie Bennett to
trooper Emunah loads of really like UK
political heavyweights right I'm really
in depth and and interesting and
unforgiving interviews I would love to
make content like this and I get to live
vicariously through this channel I'm
gonna link to you the interview with
Owen Jones where he gets compared to
Katie Hopkins if you're not predictions
or not getting any of these like name
drops I don't like the YouTube algorithm
love's regular uploads unfortunately
people have likes I have absolutely no
idea how I came across this young lady
but she again just makes such like
beautiful and thoughtful and clever
content and I wish that when I was her
age I had that level of maturity to be
able to be like yo I'm gonna make some
things because Chloe was lazy as fuck
back there Kristine uploads kind of like
diary entry videos with clips from her
life and her kind of being thoughtful
about it afterwards and she's great and
I wish I were her and you all need to
binge watch every single one of her
videos now I've been talking to this
camera for a really long time and the
battery light is like flashing at me so
I want to know from you guys who have I
missed out who are your favorite like
smaller creators I want to expand my
repertoire as well and let me know what
you think of one of the guys that I have
downstairs in the description go check
them out for Christ's sake who cares if
you don't like them or if you don't
subscribe expand your horizons you can
follow me on Twitter and Instagram if
you like but in the meantime just have a
great day I have been roaming with
is to Lee
