good morning because it is morning so I
along with the rest of Europe in the UK
I guess have just um I've just woken up
to the fact that David Bowie has died
after a really long battle with cancer
and for whatever reason his death he's
kind of affecting me quite a little bit
um I've never really understood why
people feel sad about celebrities dying
and I've always kind of assumed that the
certain amount of disingenuous Ness to
it especially when he make a video about
it on YouTube this isn't going to be
able to title
and I remember seeing people so for
example like the biggest thing for me
was when Bobby Williams died and
everybody was making like these
outboards of grief and was like you just
liked his movies you didn't know him and
the reason that I think that bowie
passing is kind of it chokes me up quite
a lot is because my dad was such a huge
fan of him hearing my dad be so
passionate about his music and being
really and he's not even in musicians
he's just like he's an electrician and
like a busy woman and stuff but hearing
him be so passionate about the kind of
stuff that Bowie made and the way that
my dad's used to describe him when my
dad was growing up in the 70s and he was
like yeah the 70s was so dull and gray
and boring and then this man with like
who wore makeup and flares and cat suits
and came along and it was just
amazing and I think the reason like why
I was raised on Bowie's music and I'm
obviously like I don't think you can't
be a fan of those music
but hearing the purse somebody that you
love and that's so important to you
becoming the person that you are like
your father be so passionate about
something it just makes you hyper aware
when that person who shaped the person
who shaped you when that person's gone
like that that's why I feel a big loss
and that's why people feel when
celebrities die it's because it's a
shared experience that we have as a
group and you feel a collective loss and
obviously those thoughts weave like the
family in his son who made the
announcement and everybody who he's
leaving behind but because we all kind
of shared something with those who we
loved I'm like who like our fathers and
our mothers and our siblings that like
is a collective loss like the guy was a
 genius and I'm gonna be
listening to Blackstar on loop for the
rest of the week probably I just wanted
to make this video
nobody won't be up for mail tiddly
