hello YouTube Jazza here so I'm gonna be
talking about Star Wars The Force
awakens in this video if you haven't
seen it and you don't want it spoiled
don't watch it thank you
so despite what this video says in the
title I first watched the Star Wars film
I first watched the force awakens and I
 loved it I thought it was great
it was amazing it was very much like a
strap in and just go through the
stubbled universe it was awesome but now
I've watched it a second time and I've
had extended conversations about the
film with my friends and I've kind of
realized and I realized that it's not
revolutionary that I've realized this
because more and more people seem to be
talking about it but the force awakens
is basically a new hope but almost
exactly just with a more diverse cast
and that has annoyed me a little bit
know that iversity fault I think it's
amazing that girls are now going to be
running around wanting to be Rey and
boys from Peckham can now dream about
being star troopers and I for one can't
wait to gender bend cosplay rain I think
I'm going to look really good I feel
like one of the best things about Star
Wars is the universe that has been
created and how broad and diverse and
exciting that is and how many side
characters there are that are really
important to the story and how many
different worlds there are and JDI
Eggman's saw this universe saw the huge
amount of potential that there could be
for original story telling and decided
now you know what I'm gonna make the
first-ever Star Wars film all over again
just with bigger things so here's a list
of just some of the things that really
annoyed me about the fact that the force
awakens is just a new hope 2.0 so let's
let's get on with this shall we firstly
and this is one of the things that has
been most talked about is the fact that
the Death Star has been made again but
now it's bigger and it's the planet and
its star killer base and instead of
killing just one planet it can make
loads of them explode and why just make
another Death Star three of the seven
films that have been made have now had a
Death Star in them
just make make a different weapon what's
more we see the Starkiller base being
destroyed by an x-wing going in a trench
run and then blowing it up from the
inside and then flying free and why the
Starkiller base have a weak spot on the
outside again like you'd think that they
just like you know have a door or
something to stop this thing from being
able to be exploded really easily
the film also starts with a droid having
to carry around sensitive information in
the original a new hope it was obviously
r2d2 and this one it's the really really
cute bb-8 I have a list of problems
specifically with this because this
would have been quite a good homage to
the first Star Wars film a new home but
I'm worried now bb-8 is so cute r2d2 has
no road to fill now r2d2 at the end of
the film is just clunky and like really
seems clumsy compared to the really cute
and charming bb-8 and for the first time
actually c-3po has annoyed me and like I
feel like it was a really annoying
character in the force awakens and I
don't want that to be the case because
they've been the best characters for all
six episodes so far and I don't want to
start hating c-3po please don't make me
hate c-3po in the force awakens I hero
raised from a desert planet called jakku
and in the original and new hope Luke
Skywalker is from Tatooine
now the similarities were so close to
this that when the trailers originally
came out people were just calling jakku
and assuming that this desert planet
jakku was Tatooine
why couldn't we see a new planet in a
different looking planet in this film i
don't understand when you have this wide
universe why do you just focus on why do
you just mirror everything why did you
do this JJ why why why why why what's
more we had a repeat of the bar scene
which was in a new hope now represented
by Mazie's bar and it's it's just the
bar scene just with less good music
really isn't it now we get to the big
school
winner so click away now han Solo dies
and throughout the film we have seen
they kind of come to see and so there
was an adopted father figure hmm kind of
like Luke an obi-wan Kenobi
perhaps we then see the bad guy kylo Ren
who also wears a mask with a funny
speech ething kill the adopted father
figure of our hair though in this case
Han Solo as the hero looks on and his
distraught and screams and is really sad
about the fact that they were dr.
Popovic who has died it's exactly the
same as a new heart what's more about
Han Solo's death I didn't see this
coming until we got to the bridge scene
the skybridge scene and the fact is that
in all of the films the way that people
die is so often tied to the fact that
they are on a bridge that has no
railings that I was like oh somebody is
gonna die in this scene ah it's probably
gonna be Han Solo and it just it ruined
the shot the potential shot that I would
have had with that scene one Hany many
of you may be like jazz or where the
hell do you care about this you've never
talked about movies before new genre in
your life and I get that but I kind of
want to talk about whether you guys
think that you've kind of been swindled
into watching the same movie but we
better effect again essentially are you
disappointed with the JJ Abrams have de
son has decided to make completely the
same film it really irks me that we have
this huge expansive universe that is
limitless in its potential and he's just
told the same story again say what you
want about the prequels but they showed
a really diverse universe and showed it
in its expanse and that was kind of one
of the things that I didn't like about
the episodes 4 5 & 6 the originals from
the 70s and the 80s because it felt like
such a small snapshot of this wider
amazing universe and at least the
prequels kind of gave us more scope in
terms of like explaining the
significance of everything within a
wider context all you had to do was have
a different type of weapon have a
different and more diverse planets to go
to and I would have actually probably
been more okay with it the film is great
but in the context of the whole Star
Wars universe
it's pretty pretty bloody lazy and at
the end of the force awakens we sieve a
find Luke Skywalker and it's assumed
that she's now going to start her
training I'm super worried that the next
Star Wars film is then going to mirror
the Empire Strikes Back where Luke goes
and trains with Yoda and what's more
there's those rumors and there's people
suggesting that they is going to be
Luke's daughter there's more for
sensitive people in this universe than
the bloody Skywalker's it's worse than
the Clintons in the US political thingy
so basically I feel slightly cheated how
do you feel about the new Star Wars film
let me know find me on twitter @jj
will free to abuse me there and in the
comments below I'll see you guys later
toodaloo
