hello YouTube jaza here look at all like
well lit and stuff isn't this fancy so
our newly elected conservative
government have decided that all drugs
are bad and thus are trying to ban
everything that makes your brain do
stuff that it wouldn't otherwise do this
is in response to what are called legal
high synthetic chemicals that are put
together in labs by evil scientists that
have the same kind of effect on the
human brain as more traditional drugs
like cannabis cocaine speed and all of
their lovely lovely friends these legal
highs are legal because these evil
scientists go in and change a small
parts of the chemical code so that
technically it's a different substance
to the more traditional ecstasy cocaine
etc etc etc but essentially does the
same thing to your head the government
want to crack down on the use of these
legal highs by banning everything that
does anything to your head and your
mental state basically through the
psychoactive substances bill the bill
itself describes its purpose as to
protect hard-working citizens from the
risks posted by untested unknown and
potentially harmful drugs importantly
the bill will exclude Alcohol Tobacco
food medical products and caffeine so
they don't have to worry about not
having my morning brew one could argue
that the government and the people who
support this bill have a right to be
worried because these legal substances
do sometimes kill people deaths caused
by legal highs went from 12 in 2009 to
97 in 2012 now I really do think this is
a fantastic idea because 5,000 people
die every year in the UK because of
alcohol related reasons and 120,000
people die every year in the UK from
smoking so it's great that we're still
going to be able to take the substances
that we know are bad for this but we're
going to ban the things that might
possibly be bad for this I present to
you my friends logic I'm clearly taking
the piss a little bit but the thing is
these kind of blanket bans we've seen
evidence that they actually work Ireland
brought in legislation in 2010 that said
that you could no longer advertise or
sell psychoactive substances to the
public and since then it's seen the
number of shops selling psychoactive
substances go from a hundred and two 20
and this is that I mean that's kind of
compelling the thing is though Island
unfortunately has the third highest rate
of drug-related deaths in the EU and
you'd think that your goal would be to
reduce the number of people dying from
the use of psychoactive substances legal
or illegal and not measuring your
success on how many shots have been
closed now full disclosure I don't take
drugs they just don't agree with me so I
have no vested interest in this other
than the more general ideal of having
fewer people die unnecessary deaths and
I feel like that something we can all
get behind right this bill looks like
it's going to just choose to ban any
psychoactive substance just cuz it
doesn't matter if they actually do harm
or not but they're just bad because of
the fact they do brain things me thinks
that this is probably pandering to the
middle Englanders who would probably say
something along the lines of well but I
knew we had that long weekend in
Amsterdam in the seventies but can you
imagine what these poor children are
going through to have to get high every
evening that's the wine will you there
was actually really interesting response
to the spread of the use of legal highs
in New Zealand recently where a couple
of years back they went to the evil mad
scientists who are changing the chemical
code of all of these drugs and saying
all right you think your substances fit
for human consumption well then prove it
my was that Australian I'm not sure if
that was Australian New Zealand was
getting the creators of these synthetic
drugs to prove that their products were
fit for human consumption through
vigorous testing if it had a chance of
causing death or mental damage then it
too would be banned but if not you'd
have a product that would get you loopy
on a saturday night if you wished and
nobody would get harmed New Zealand your
genius unfortunately animal rights
activists were worried the animals would
be used in the testing of these products
and animal rights activists I am a big
fan of your work but I think you've just
got in the way of us finding a solution
to the war on drugs and priorities
priority
is despite all of this the UK government
seems set on setting the default setting
to all consumable products to band
regardless as to the harm it may or may
not cause and frankly this is only going
to restrict our ability to be able to
come up with and innovate solutions to
drug use and to drug therapies and to
the war on drugs and we're going
backwards and all the while tobacco
companies continue to cause the deaths
of hundreds of thousands of people every
year logic my friends logic give me your
opinion on this what do you think of the
blanket ban on legal highs let's and
always have a discussion in the comments
am I being too left in little about this
make sure you like and comment and
subscribe and all of that lovely stuff
if you enjoy podcasts I now have a
podcast that's on iTunes I'll leave a
link to it in the description it's
called the rightist honorable I do it
with my mate Jimmy and I'm really proud
of it and we talk about these kinds of
issues I have been rhyming with oranges
toodaloo hello Internet jaza here if
you've been watching the news e news you
may have heard about the Human Rights
Act and the fact that the Prime Minister
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Northern Ireland David Cameron wants
to scrap it
