hello internet jhaza here if you've been
watching the news E News you may have
heard about the Human Rights Act and the
fact that the Prime Minister of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Northern Ireland David Cameron wants to
scrap it this may sound a little bit
confusing because human rights sound
like an integrally good thing right so
I'm here to explain what the Human
Rights Act is why dab cam hates it and
why people hate dab cam for hating the
Human Rights Act yeah follow good let's
go in order to understand what the Human
Rights Act is we must first know what
the European Court of Human Rights is
also known as the ECHR which is housed
in this really quite ugly building in
Strasbourg France the aim of the
European Court of Human Rights is to get
European countries to adhere to another
echr the European Convention on Human
Rights which was set up after World War
Two in 1953 to stop European countries
from being dicks to their citizens is a
very basic breakdown of what they both
do in order to try and avoid confusion
with the two EC hrs I'm going to call
the Court of Human Rights the court and
I'm gonna call the Convention on Human
Rights the convention we Clare moving on
there are 47 member states of the
convention and these countries include
all of geographical Europe plus Russia
Turkey and the caucuses excluding only
Belarus because Belarus has some dodgy
human rights issues about like
minorities and the rights of journalists
who express themselves and so every now
and again Belarus would be like hey can
we get some of those human rights and
the rest of Europe just goes no British
citizens are able to take their cases to
the European Court if they feel that the
British courts have ignored their human
rights and they've been able to do so
since 1966 and it turns out that about
lis 1966 was a really good year The
Beatles the World Cup Human Rights good
year if the Court finds that somebody's
rights have been breached they will
usually state this fact and then explain
the reasons why sometimes the court will
suggest how the country can have a
better relationship with Human Rights
through perhaps law change and very
occasionally
rarely they will suggest financial
compensation now this is an important
point the UK and the rest of the members
of the European Corps cannot be forced
to make the changes that the court
suggests if a country chooses to ignore
the ruling by the court it comes across
as a broken promise and there are no
real specific consequences if you're
still with me you now have a basis to
understand what the human rights act is
in relation to both of the ECHR as a
reward here's a kitten and now let's
carry on now finally we can get to the
Human Rights Act which is what DAB cam
apparently hates so much that acts was
brought in in 1998 so that British
judges could consider the legal
implications of the European Convention
without cases having to physically go to
Strasbourg to be heard and this
essentially streamlined the costs and
sped up the whole legal process as a
result British cases have been won by
people who have found their human rights
breached in health care LGBT rights
education and freedom of speech there
are lots of positive tics to how the
Human Rights Act has worked alongside
both of the EC hrs this all sounds
pretty good so far
right it means that judges in the UK are
able to consider human rights as they
were defined after the Second World War
without having to go to a separate court
on the European continent
that's essentially what the Human Rights
Act does but now we can get into why
some conservatives despise the act and
the ECHR many believe that the Human
Rights Act adversely benefits criminals
specifically those that we're looking to
deport to other countries it's often
reported in the press that criminals who
live in the UK cannot be deported to
another country because the contrary
that we want to deport them to has a
dodgy record when it comes to human
rights so that would include stuff like
using torture in order to get legal
evidence one of the most high-profile
cases of this is that of Abu Qatada
remember the guy with the hook hand who
resisted deportation to Jordan for eight
years
costing 1.7 million pounds and kneading
treaty change with Jordan in order for
us to do so basically it was a ripe
anartha these kind of high profile cases
created the image of European judges
coming over the English Channel and
telling British judges what to do and if
the UK hates anything it's being told
what to do they the mainland European
but however I should mention that over
the past five years or so only between
five and ten percent of phone criminals
in the UK have managed to resist
deportation in this way so basically 90
percent of those who want to resist
deputation and want to stay in the UK
aren't able to they do have to leave the
second reason that lots of people hate
the Human Rights Act is a little bit
more abstract than that and it's based
around sovereignty many in the
Conservative Party believe that a
multinational Corps shouldn't have sway
over the decisions of British judges
they argue that British values and the
British legal system should be enough
the final reason that the Conservative
Party dislikes the human rights act is
because of this overarching narrative of
we need to be tough on the European
Union even though the European core and
the human rights act literally have
nothing to do with the EU apart from the
fact that they share a number of members
and both have Europe in the title that's
literally where the similarity of the
two of them end what's interesting is
that David Cameron has never said that
he's wanted to leave the court or the
convention of Human Rights he just wants
to replace the Human Rights Act with a
British Bill of Rights because let's be
fair everything sounds better with
British this will mean in theory that
British citizens will still be able to
take their cases to the European Court
which makes you think that wanting to
repeal the Act probably has more to do
with sovereignty and looking tough on
Europe than anything else
it looks like the Conservative Party
have stalled on the peeling the Human
Rights Act for the time being it wasn't
in our first Queen's speech this year
but let me know what do you think would
a British Bill of Rights be any better
other than having some wonderful
alliteration have I missed anything do
you think that there's anything that I
haven't considered when explaining it um
you're a really intelligent lot let me
know
I'm also if you are just coming to my
videos this is the first video that
you've seen of mine subscribe cuz I
talked about this kind of stuff a lot
and I enjoy having the chinwag in the
comments below if you guys like this
video also if you like podcasts and
hearing a couple of people talking about
political issues then subscribe to my
podcast that I do with my friend Jimmy
the link is in the description down
below so I've been roaming with oranges
thanks for watching
Dulli let's have a chat one of my
followers a few days ago asked me advice
on what they should do when they hear or
are subjects to a homophobic language on
the street and I was basically trying to
give as sound advice as I could by
saying like always be safe read the
situation
