so I haven't planned this video it may
be slightly disjointed but I feel like I
have things to say about this and if the
internet needs more of something hits
white middle-class men talking about
base so there's this lady Rachel don't
lays out who has I suppose been outed as
somebody who was identifying as black
for a significant period of time despite
the fact that she is not actually black
the term transracial has been throwing
around the internet quite a lot in terms
of if people can p transgendered and
feel like they were born in the wrong
gender as the wrong gender why Cannot
somebody be born and feel like they're
part of a different race feel like they
should have been born white when they
were black or black when they white I
don't want to talk about that ladies
case specifically but I want to talk
about the concept of trans racialism
being a an acceptable term the more I
think about this the more I know that I
definitely stand on the side of I don't
think that the two are acquainted I
think that trans people who are
transgender are very different to people
who are claiming to be trans racial but
I think that it's healthy to talk about
these kinds of things and these concepts
so that we can get past them because
quite frankly people on the internet
have either been shouting about it at me
like this woman's an idiot or they have
been just skirting around the topic um
so let's attack this head on something
we should say is that actually
translation ism was already a term and
it referred specifically to people who
were adopted into families where the
parents were of a different race to the
child that they adopted these people
were described as translation and trans
cultural because they straddled two
races here's the thing that I actually
wanted to contribute to the conversation
in terms of this whole transracial issue
the the personal experience that I want
to tie this into
is the conversation that I was having
over email I believe with a young lady
who was straight who had a lot of LGBT
friends but was considering herself a
part of the LGBT community she was
confused and and angry I believe when
when she told her friends who were
lesbian and gay and queer and trans um
oh I'm I'm LGBT despite the fact that
she was straight woman and she was like
like I identified with loads of stuff
about where culture um I want to be able
to support my friends and be part of
their world so the response that I had
to her was you can still be part of
their world you can still fight for the
cause of equality but you are more
powerful as an ally than a tag along you
are more powerful as an LGBT ally or
perhaps if we turn this on towards like
the way spectrum you're more powerful as
a white person who fights for equal
rights of black people or of Asian
people or of any ethnic minority then
you are as somebody who appropriates
that culture and tries to make it your
own there is appreciation and there is
like loving and partaking and and and
that side of transculturation but then I
think that you are damaging it and I
want to use the word diluting it which
might lose quite a loaded term if you
then decide oh yeah I'm going to happen
the latch onto this you are more
powerful force for these people who are
minorities in whatever society you live
in if you are working from within the
system with other people who are from
your points of privilege and fighting
their cause right I feel like the idea
of being trans racial comes from a good
place but it sees a a culture and
appreciates it
sometimes it comes from people who feel
oppressed and are latching on to
something to fight against and they want
to be part of that that's not a bad
thing but it's when wet when a minority
that has a history of having their
culture snatched away from them it's
further having their identity kind of
squandered when especially this is
happening in the USA where race
relations are lucky shit right that's
why this is about such a response and I
would like to hear what you guys think I
don't know if this video is helpful um
in some way you're better as an ally
than somebody who like hitches a ride
okay well I open wrong with oranges I
hope I haven't offended anybody goodbye
