hello internet Jazza here you may have
noticed that we're having an election
really soon in the UK on the 7th of May
and I am voting Lib Dem you may be
thinking are we can ever trust them but
here's a spoiler you can't trust any of
the politicians because they will all
break their promises but I'm still gonna
vote Lib Dem because I believe that they
have good policies here's what I agree
with with the Lib Dems I believe the
country should have balanced books and
the Lib Dems want to do this by raising
some taxation and doing cuts where it's
appropriate now granted we're not going
to get a Lib Dem majority we're actually
going to get a huge drop in the number
of Lib Dems this time around probably
but Nick Clegg has promised that they
will lend a brain to labour and a heart
to the Conservatives and their Jewish
MeeGo or our country's politics needs
reform and the Lib Dems want to lower
the voting age to 16 they want to have a
house of blobs that is reformed and
represents the people they want a voting
system that represents how the
population actually votes and they want
to cap political donations at ten
thousand pounds per person
now that's an awful lot of stuff to get
done in the next five years but well the
more power to them the voting system
that they want is the single
transferable vote if you don't know what
that is and you need it explained to you
using cute animals then check out this
video by CGP grey he's done these really
really well and I'm linking to them in
every single one of these videos like
make housing is a huge issue especially
for the young right we are part of
generation rent and the Lib Dems have
got an interesting policy where they
want those who are renting properties to
be able to put their vent towards
actually owning it in the future and
they want to introduce a few thousand of
these a year this sounds like a really
interesting and cool policy that I can
get behind because frankly housings like
danta in this country let's be fair
they also want to build ten new garden
cities which are towns that are going to
just expand just so they can hold more
people and they want to build 300,000
homes a year all of these seem to be
going towards helping to solve the
housing crisis
because the housing crisis needs to be
something the Lib Dems are shouting
about mental health pledging billions to
improve the service in this country and
especially focusing on women after
they've had children and young people
who are those at most risk of having
mental health issues this is a good
thing on education they're spot-on they
want to guarantee qualified teachers
have a core curriculum for all schools
and sex education across all state
schools this should just be a given
right remember what I said about you
Kipp about agreeing about having a
referendum but me wanting to stay in
while the Lib Dems are on my side 100%
they want to have a referendum when
there is a change in power between the
UK and the EU and they want to campaign
to stay in and I think this is exactly
what we want the UK should have the same
say as Scotland did last year we should
be deciding with our feet with our vote
whether we should be part of the EU I'll
be complaining for in I'm curious are
you going to be become painting for in
or out let me know there are legitimate
reasons to vote for every single party
it is your job to look past the media
rhetoric and educate yourself find links
to resources in the comments below and
if you've got a spare 10 minutes why not
play verso it will give you a percentage
match to all of the parties based on
your views on policy areas none of the
jargon it's nice and simple also find
that in the links below why not play it
and see if you two should be giving the
Lib Dems a second chance I have been
rhyming with oranges I am voting Lib Dem
on the 7th of May who are you voting for
let's hash it out in the comments do loo
are you seeing a pattern in these videos
yet tune in again at 5:00 p.m. GMT
tomorrow and find out who else I might
be voting for in the next election
have you had cottoned on to what's
happening yet uh subscribe so you get
that video in your inbox like this video
so it gets shared around bye
