hello YouTube so it was inevitable that
i was going to make this video I kind of
tried to put it off for as long as I
possibly could seeing as also I've
already covered this topic with my
friend Jimmy on our channel device
honorable you can watch the discussion
that we had on scottish independence
here but with the vote coming this
thursday in under a week and the vote
being so close i need to articulate my
fears on this issue I just thought this
by saying that I am obviously English
and I think it's completely right that
the Scottish people have a vote and I
referendum to be able to decide their
own country's future and their nations
and the future of their people I think
that it's great that Westminster have
granted the Scottish the chance to
decide their destiny as it's being
called quite a lot I don't want to wade
in and say that Scottish people
shouldn't be having about because I
think that most English people agree
that they should be having a vote and
that this is a very important topic for
them to be engaging with and it's only
recently that we've had to consider the
actual ramifications of Independence
getting a yes vote because it's it was
so stacked in the no votes favor for
such a long time for ages they were in
the 16 the seventy percent and there was
no way that independence was going to be
able to win that over but in the last
couple of weeks the polls have been
getting really really really close and
this makes me very very nervous last
weekend there was actually a poll that
showed that the S vote was ahead by one
or two percent in case it's not obvious
at this point I don't want Scotland to
leave I really desperately don't want
Scotland to leave because completely
selfish regions it screws with my
identity I want up a few English people
i think that actually feels more British
than they do English my primary identity
is somebody who lives on the British
Isles because although I was born and
raised and in England I have Scottish
ancestry that has always been would like
with my family we celebrate burns night
my dad got married in a kilt and when
you start
boating around the idea of putting a
border between the two countries where I
have the strongest roots where before
there was none that on a very personal
level kind of screws with my head a
little bit it may seem a little bit
pointless for me to be talking about my
own identity when it's those north of
the border but making the decision and
who should quite rightly be having
identity crises but I fear that that is
what this debate has turned into this
debate has turned into the throwing and
spewing of ideology and nationalism
anti-english feeling that's been really
fun and that's not what independence
debates should be about it should be
about concrete facts and we haven't had
those facts the Scottish people deserve
answers on EU membership currency
Trident the military and Westminster has
not given that to them and that's out of
order but because of the way that
Western has been dealing with this the
Scottish people are going to be going
into the referendum on Thursday voting
on a wish list that nobody knows will
come true they're voting on a list that
the SNP has written for Santa Claus and
Santa Claus is like not doing Christmas
this year not sure what I'm gonna get
people that was a terrible terrible
metaphor I also worry about the split
that this is creating in Scotland
whoever wins next week is going to be
winning by a tiny margin whatever way it
goes on Thursday whether they vote to
leave or they vote to stay there's going
to be about half the country that don't
want that future and so that's going to
split Scotland right down the middle if
the no vote succeeds if the no vote if
the Scottish people vote no and they
decide to stay part of the united
kingdom we will inevitably have another
referendum in ten years time if the
Scottish people vote Yes and they decide
to go their own way and split away from
the United Kingdom and the borders go up
half of the people don't want to be part
of that future of the country and
there's no going back from that I feel
that it would be better for Scotland to
vote no and then when they get
devolution max which seems to be what
the no vote is promoting at the moment
as the alternative when they get
devolution max
see how they like it and have another
vote in 10 years it feels like jumping
into darkness and nobody knows how deep
it is you get my drift do you get my
drift see I understand the idea of
nation building and I love the idea of
being able to start again and I get that
and Westminster is pretty clamp at the
moment I understand we have an
incredibly under-represented government
I don't think any of them have been to a
non private school most of them have
been to Oxford and Cambridge there's a
load of them that are from Eton they
don't represent us and there's been a
lot of pandering in Scotland too we
didn't vote for the people who are now
in Westminster well I didn't bloody vote
for them Eva that's democracy get over
it the thing is what an independent
Scotland would leave behind as a country
that I would struggle to identify with
will probably end up leaving the
European Union our immigration policies
will go even further to the right our
NHS will probably be privatized more and
that breaks my heart because in many
ways the gravitas of Scotland has kept
the rest of the UK on track and I think
basically you're us over this is
quite a difficult video for me to make
because I feel so strongly about it
every time the polls get released every
day on the radio on TV my heart just
goes Ngila because I I care so much
about the result and I case so much
about the UK remaining the UK with
Scotland as part of it so a flag will be
 if Scotland leaves I mean come on
it's got piss yellow on it that said I
cannot reiterate enough how important it
is that this is the Scottish people's
decision this is their referendum this
is then choosing their future their
destiny if you will we've had Kim
jong-un give his opinions he once got
into vote yes Barack Obama wants them to
vote no can we even have some celebrity
cartoon characters that are actually
voiced by Americans coming out in favor
of Independence it's none of these
people's or fictional characters
decisions their opinion doesn't matter
and it's the Scottish people's opinion
but I really don't want you to go and
most English people feel exactly the
same way because I think that we lose
something I'd like to think that you
lose something so on thursday please
please stay um and I don't know we'll
name the next royal baby Edinburgh or
something I don't know we need more
royal babies with place names as their
real names I have quite an international
audience if you're Scottish no need to
tell me how you're voting that's a
private thing but tell me how you feel
about the debate do you think that it's
lacking in content do you think that
Westminster has shot themselves in the
foot by not giving answers to the
questions that wanted to be answers like
currency EU North Sea oil those kinds of
things if you're from another part of
the world how has your media been
covering this it seems like the majority
of the international community unless
you're like Catalonia or someone want to
see an independent Scotland most
international media seems to be fo there
no campaign how's it been for you if
you're in France of the US or Australia
and do you think that it's going to
change anything if Scotland does become
a separate country how would you view
the rest of the UK after that because
let's not forget those wales and
northern ireland as well as england this
isn't just england that gets affected
they get affected to leave me comments
down below send me video responses and
you know what voters you will scotland
by sorry i care about this too much to
actually be coming here and
I've been lying with oranges see ya so a
flag will be if Scotland leaves I
mean come on it's got piss yellow on it
