hello YouTube so I don't claim to know
very much about vine and I know even
less about the site's biggest star nash
grier who is often described as the
Justin Bieber of social media since he's
moved into content longer than six
seconds with the creation of his YouTube
channel which now has over three million
subscribers Nash has become quite
popular for being both a hartford and a
misogynist in equal measure
he earlier this year got quite a lot of
heat for a video he put up called
what guys look for in girls where he
amongst other things encouraged girls to
shave off all of their body hair because
you her young mr. Greer has waded into
controversy again this week after a vine
video surfaced of him implying that HIV
is a gay thing and also using the
somewhat derogatory term fag I'm sure
you've seen it already but take a look
he's going to be dragged over the coals
a little bit since the discovery of this
video Tyler Oakley tweeted about it this
week and then very rapidly went back to
talking about his hair and as a result a
few gay focused websites have picked it
up and condemned Nash for very
irresponsibly implying that HIV is
exclusively a gay disease but since now
she's apology tweet a couple of days
later where he said sorry to engage who
we may have offended with the video and
also said that he was young and stupid
for being so insensitive he seems to
have gotten way with this it's gone
under quite a lot of people's radar so
that's nash grier one social justice
know a lot of people who have talked
about this have mentioned Grizz age he
is Sweet sixteen and when I started
making videos he wasn't even in double
digits yet but now he earns more money
for a six-second product placement then
I do for six months of working a
nine-to-five job so I'm not bitter not
bitter at sixteen we all did and said
stupid things I was a regular partaker
in cow-tipping
at their age but the point is that we
all said things and used words that we
didn't really understand the gravity
and we held opinions that we would soon
cast off in adulthood and I think this
is what is happening with Greer but he
has the equivalent of a small country
following him and that country is made
up of majority are young and
impressionable teenagers as well and
here lieth the issue similarly to his
what guys look for in girls video I
don't think naturally understands what
he's implying in the three seconds that
he's actually on screen in this vine he
has been slated for implying that HIV is
a gay only disease and just so that the
record is said straight it's it's not
men who have sex with men only account
for around half of all HIV infections in
the USA which leaves around half a
million non fags who were carriers of
the disease and his age this video says
more about the society in which he's
grown up in mavin & Nash's own personal
views so I am NOT going to drag him over
the coals he is a stupid kid and I was
definitely a stupid kid who I do think
deserve dragging over the coals however
the people who are around him at the
moment namely his management 26
management who obnoxiously remove all of
the vowels from their name in their logo
26 don't just manage Nash Grier they
also manage his 13 year old little
brother Hayes and his friends Cameron
Dallas and Carter veins one day these
boys will have a reality TV show about
them on E but for now they're busy you
aching enrolled some money for
themselves and 426 with their millions
upon millions of followers over social
media 26 have a responsibility for these
kids and if they were managing real-life
celebrities then they'd be giving them
real proper media training so they could
avoid stumbles like those that we've
seen by Nash recently it's only a matter
of time I fear before these children do
something so stupid that it could damage
their future careers and maybe even
their future lives
I mentioned responsibility because I
also worry that these talent agencies
often see young people with large online
following and think of it as a great way
to make a quick buck and not have to
worry about the well-being of their
talent now we recently saw zoella
breakdown on her second channel she's
always been very open about her struggle
with anxiety but she's recently been
appearing quite a lot on British
television now
the video is she's crying down the lens
she says that it's all become too much
and that she's never had any training to
have to deal with this pressure and that
to me that does not seem fair these
talent agencies need to start looking
after the young people that they
represent before one of them does
something stupid that ruins their future
or before one of them has a serious
breakdown youtubers are not seasoned
professionals many of them do it as a
full-time job down but most started as
talking to their webcams and their
bedrooms and you can't go from that to
the this morning sofa in a heartbeat
without being told how to deal with it
so what do you think do you think that a
16 year old on the internet like Nash
Grier should be held responsible for his
actions online or do you give me and
think that it's the management that
should be making sure that these kids
know how to comport themselves properly
obviously leave me comments below and
like the video if you liked it dislike
it if you didn't like it and I'll talk
to you guys downstairs I've been lying
with oranges goodbye
he amongst other things encouraged girls
to shave off all of their body hair
because you
