hello YouTube so apparent hard-hitting
news this week was the fact that the
actor Zac Efron has a torso huzzah
he also spends far too much time in the
Sun or wears excess fake tan because
let's be fair nobody skin is meant to be
the color of my parents mahogany floor
let's hope that it's the latter the fake
tan the lesser of those two evils cuz
you know skin cancers a thing everyone
accepting his somewhat dubious award for
best topless performance at the MTV
Movie Awards which is the creme de la
creme of all the award ceremonies and
him subsequently having his shirt ripped
off by the singer Rita Ora's had some
people question is he being objectified
for his body to which the correct
responses
yes you may ask what is the issue here
girls get objectified all of the time
right and there's nothing wrong with
just ugly at a man saving cleavage every
now and again I am certainly guilty of
typing in male celebrity name plus
shirtless into Google on occasion the
thing is our culture has become more and
more comfortable with promoting and
unrealistic body ideal for men there was
a piece in Time magazine recently that
talked about the huge amount of pressure
especially on young men to get the
Hollywood superhero six-pack and the big
pecs that wobble when you run the
article presented evidence of more and
more body confidence issues amongst men
with the average man wanting to put on
between 15 and 25 pounds of muscle and
around half of boys being seriously
concerned that they are too skinny and
wanting to put on mass there was even a
today and AOL survey that found that 53%
of men feel insecure about their body at
least once a week and I personally
definitely fall into that 53% this is
especially a big deal in the gay
community there was a recent study that
found that gay identify teenagers are
six times more likely to use anabolic
steroids and they're straight identified
counterparts and just in case you didn't
know anabolic steroids can be dangerous
especially when you're going through
puberty so don't do them okay the
specific issue I have here is not the
fact that men have a worse deal when it
comes to objectification than women
because well we don't page three if the
Sun still exists but it's the fact that
women who don't appear on the front
cover of magazines they have people
fighting their corner increasingly men
are only considered sexy when they have
massive pecs washboard stomachs and a
tribal tattoo we're constantly be lodged
with adverts and exercise plans that
repeat the mantra that as long as you
avoid white bread and do the p90x you
too going to look like Mike Chang thing
is we don't all look like that you can
be a curvy girl you can own that and you
can be big and sexy but you're always
going to be a fat man the global
campaign that has celebrated the
attractiveness and the healthiness of
female bodies as
taking decades and it's far from over
but I'm just hoping that it doesn't take
just as long for men's bodies to be seen
in the same way as always these videos
are about your opinions and the
discussions we have in the comments
below so let me know are you a guide
that struggles with body confidence
issues share your story downstairs do
you think that we're going to be able in
the future to have a campaign that
celebrates male bodies that happen to
not look like the cast of 300 or am I
just a middle-class white boy privileged
person moaning about an issue that
doesn't matter get involved in the
comments make sure you join the debate
not just downstairs but also by liking
my Facebook page following me on Twitter
all the links are down below subscribe
if you like I've been running with
oranges by yes
