I wanted to talk to you because you're a
daily vlogger and so you are actively
going out there you'll want the people
who goes alone on the streets and like
that yeah sometimes you do do it very
like you do like a month spurt um how
much do you think about how like you the
personal stuff that you are sharing do
you ever feel like there's too much of a
limit that you want to hold back from
your audience um I definitely think that
I it's actually easier than you would
think because obviously like you choose
what you film and there are lots of
elements of my day of anybody's day that
are fine to share with the internet but
you also have complete control over what
you don't and I've always made it a
priority on my channel to limit what I
share but make sure that what I'm
sharing is the honest truth so what is
the stuff that you are sharing what do
you would you say is like the line is it
family stuff um it's not even like
specific personal issues it's more of
like mentality for instance I don't like
complaining for the sake of complaining
if I ever have an issue I try to
describe it in a way that's applicable
to everyone watching and include a
positive way of dealing with it because
I never want people to be watching
something that isn't useful to them so
what I cut out is just the stuff that I
don't think would be helpful for people
to watch obviously there's like my own
personal life stuff I don't really talk
about dating our relationships did talk
about boy oh yeah I got I just I don't
know I've never thought that like my
specific dating situations thus far have
been applicable so there's a lot of not
just gay vloggers but there's kind of
like a tradition now and like a
sub-genre of vlogging that is very
relationship based so it's to people who
are in a relationship making videos
together for and audience so in the past
I've done kind of a collaborative thing
with somebody that I was seeing but it
was private
so we uploaded videos for each other and
it was like just fine
but now they there's it seems like
people are doing that as not necessarily
for profit making
but for entertainment do you think that
there
is what do you think of that I think of
it um I think that couples vlogs have a
very specific purpose and I think that
for couples who are willing to do that
and put themselves out there they're
definitely they're serving a certain
need in in especially young gay people
to just be able to see that you can be a
happy couple in a gay relationship and
it can be normal I this was in
case-specific but that's just like one
so I when I first because I actually
didn't start really watching couples
vlogs until around this summer and so
when I finally got around to it I had I
have a tremendous respect for them
because I don't think I could ever do
that
there's this whole situation where you
know you're you're broadcasting a
relationship and then you have viewers
as a third party and sometimes that they
can have input on your relationship and
opinions about it and that whole I don't
know how I would personally manage that
but for those who choose to deal with
that because of the positive effects
they can have on the LGBTQ youth
community like I mean more power to I I
really it's done so that they do have
these positive impacts but you think
that they might also possibly be raising
expectations of what people want out of
relationships because of like well the
ones that I watch you never see conflict
all the time and like that do you think
that um but do you think that that
raising expectations maybe to an
unrealistic level do you think that can
ever do damage I mean yeah of course
there's a good and bad side to every
kind of content you're gonna put out
there um but I would rather people's
expectations for a relationship be
higher than average down lower I mean I
think we already get so much of the you
know relationship drama with celebrity
relationships
we see so much couple Fighting's I don't
know I mean it is overly positive and it
is unrealistic but I think in the end if
that gives people hope that they can you
know if they can see their dream of a
relationship idealized and they can
believe it's real
then at least they can you know want to
strive for that instead of seeing
something that I don't know you know
what yeah no no you're doing very well
and then I had the opposite opinion of
that and you've actually just convinced
me otherwise oh stop it like no like
that like you've just clicked me over
and that very rarely happens because I'm
a pigheaded bastard
do you want to say goodbye can you say
goodbye for me yeah okay
mm-hmm anyway that's it for the
interview but thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you very soon
okay bye oh yeah you'll do you want to
take over the channel
