there are some events that happen on
YouTube where even if there were a large
number of people commenting on it I
still feel like I need to lend my voice
to the debate and recently some
allegations have come to light that
turned out to be true that certain male
youtubers have been sexually abusing
female fans and other female content
creators versions of this video that I'm
making reactions to the events that have
taken place avoid be made by a large
number of very articulate and insightful
youtubers Hank green and Lex have both
made very important videos about the
nature of a necessity of sexual consent
and I suggest that you go and watch them
both of their links are down in the
information bar equal Nelly rose made
this very interesting video about fans
coming blindly to the defense of some of
those who have been accused of these
acts and how it's very possible for your
favorite youtuber to do add horned
things when they turn off the camera
because the price surprised we all have
a movie and get to choose exactly what
you see just because you are subscribed
and you bought the christmas single does
not mean that you know this content
creator intimately a few of the people
who have been tied up in this I have
known personally and although it is
shocking for me for these sexual abuse
cases to come to light it sadly doesn't
surprise me because I feel like this
kind of culture has been growing in our
community as we have seen the gap
between creator and fan become a chasm
and it makes me wonder whether our
community is now sick the further away
the fans have gotten from the creators
the easier has been for sex with a young
woman that loves your content to seemed
like a conquest and every ward for all
of that hard work that you put into
making that cinnamon challenge video
there is no doubt that we need to do
something Hank has already said that
he's going to team up with existing
sexual assault charities and we've seen
in the UK the big superstars Charlie so
cool like on Jamal Edwards from sbtv
team up with the Home Office in there
this is abuse campaign which is about
sexual assault and sexual awareness
these positive things are already
happening this conversation that we're
having about abuse and consent is
really happening the most difficult
thing for me to stomach is the fact that
we know these people we know these girls
who are standing up and now talking
about their experiences and the guys who
are now posting apologies on tumblr
whether you just watch their videos or
whether you used to go to the pub with
them we need to make sure that our
friends and the people that we watch are
held accountable for their actions and
can't get away with this behavior like
we have seen in so many other creative
industries in the past part of the blame
is on us for letting it go under the
radar for such a long time and I need to
call people out on this behavior and you
need to call people out on this behavior
at the end of the day we are still a
community and God knows youtubers are
really good at talking about themselves
so I want to know what you guys think we
can do to make sure that this culture
doesn't take hold can we be doing
anything more than just awareness
campaigns and how much is the onus on us
if any there's a comment section below
use it we are still a great community
that is capable of tackling the problems
that we come across as we grow and as we
develop and that's why I'm still here
after seven years of making videos this
isn't the first time that we've come
across these kinds of issues in the
history of the human race but maybe this
time we are in a position to make a
change maybe I've been roaming with
oranges thank you very much for watching
goodbye
