godly she is oh ok you introduce it ok
well now yeah ok hello there and welcome
to rhyming with oranges are you trying
to do me ok as you guys know I am really
passionate about bouncing your heads
that's it I've bouncing ideas off of
each other's heads and talking about
current events just so that we're all
more informed about the whole political
process this is Mike tsarni from bite
the ballot say hello AKA sinner so
that's an engine that they're not going
to get so why should the guys watching
the video now why should they care about
the political process why should they
get involved because you get shafted
blazes Emily you're not registered to
vote most of you don't believe it's
important so the people that make the
decisions need not care about you so the
guy that most of the people who are in
my audience their converts they want to
be involved in the political process mmm
how do they do that okay right first
step guys registered to vote easy
process and our main man here is going
to put a little bit Lykke Li doobly-doo
not my boob not is that there we know
Lincoln in my doobly-doo so once you
register to vote and even before that
how can they get involved in the
political process what can they do okay
so it's about understanding the channels
of communication yeah we've got each of
us in our local area we have an elected
representative yeah it is our empathy
and our NP will rock up in our local
town normally on a friday and you can go
to where they are so it might be a
community center or or a shot or
wherever I llege home village hall I
love towns every horse in some town hall
day today ah mm-hmm normally on a Friday
an MP surgery is filled with older
members of the of the community why
because they generally care you pointed
at me as if I'm sort of age that goes it
well no double me double sigh age
70 why not get a group of your friends
who are interesting them actively
engaged in politics go down to your
local surgery and give your MP a hard
time if you disagree with something that
they voted on in Parliament let them
know so because they are meant to be
representing your opinions and your
views and if they're not doing that they
need to know that's good and equally if
your if your area is closed down your
youth clubs or there's not many buses or
there's not things for you to do in the
area oh you just can't get a job go down
there and explain to that person that
you and your friends are now registered
to vote you care about these issues what
are they gonna do about it because come
2015 you're thinking about which party
to vote for and you need to know if that
person is going to represent you yeah so
if people are interested in finding out
more about by capela your organization
whether they need to go by the ballot
drop Kobe UK Twitter Facebook Google+
bite the ballot and get involved join
the debate start the debate yeah fire
rocket op umps arts and let's get things
going yeah
your council actually make a lot of
decisions that will affect you if you're
in an area where your youth club is
closed down your council did that yeah
so get involved guys can I was really
 yeah let's go in yet
