hello youtube so today a sunny afternoon
in july the upper house of the UK
parliament the house of lords gave
same-sex couples in england and wales
the right to marry instead of just have
civil partnerships this is marriage
equality and we have marriage equality
in England and Wales now and it's a good
day for people who believe in complete
equality for LGBT people this is a
massive massive cornerstone and
benchmark for us I wanted to make a
short video to try and explain why this
is important for me why this is a good
day for me because I grew up in a
society where when two people loved each
other and they wanted to show their
commitment to each other they did that
through much up until today I was only
able to have half marriage I was only
able to have a civil partnership with
the person that I loved because I happen
to love men and now I feel like society
has said that you know what welcome be
part of us you can have all of the
things that we can have and it feels
good to be accepted like that especially
with the history that my social group
has had so yay for marriage equality
good luck to all of the other people who
are fighting for this across the world
this is why today is an important day
for me why was today an important day
for you I'll see you guys later new
video coming soon bye bye
Oh destroy us as a plane flying over the
top of me oh sad
