hello youtube and welcome outside oh
sorry milk this video that I'm making
now is a response to a thread that I
found on the fantastic new youtube
channel youtube.com slash talk which is
run by Chris Bingham also known as
slo-moes OVO and this particular thread
was presented by Morgan Page loves whom
I am a fan of on talk every week a new
topic of discussion is presented and the
viewers are encouraged to participate in
that discussion through comments and
video responses and so I decided to
partake in the latter on her videarn
talk Morgan seemed to come across as
skeptical but optimistic about the
prospects of getting a tertiary
education she said that for certain
professions that you want to go into yes
of course you need to get a university
degree whether that be a doc being a
doctor lawyer or something vocational in
that sense but if you can do just as
well in your career without having to
get this degree that is going to put you
in an awful lot of debt especially from
your from the United States what's the
point just use the massive resource that
we have these days that is
revolutionising the way that we consume
media and teach yourself on the internet
why not so I am lucky enough to have
gone through the university system in
the UK I spent five years studying
languages while you see and I walk we
done when you were alive espanol tambien
now I don't feel like I would have
gotten to the level of proficiency in my
chosen field which is languages had I
not gone to university yes it would have
been possible for me to just up sticks
and move to China which to be fair is
what I did as part of my course for a
couple years but the university
education system taught me an awful lot
in terms of how to function as a human
being and also it taught me about my
place in the world and that I shouldn't
be an hour can prick most of the time
traditional educational institutions
often get a bad rap on youtube and there
are sometimes described by some users as
institutions that are steeped in too
much tradition and not enough innovation
that they start will create
tivity and aren't adapting well enough
to the new information age dan brown
also known as Pogo Bert has been a
regular critic of the education system
in his country in his videos and has in
the past says that in university all you
learn to do is deal with authority and
jump through hoops and I don't
necessarily think that those are bad
skills to acquire while you're getting a
degree opportunities that I hadn't
things that I learned in my time at
University were stuff that included not
just learning languages which are
blooming loved but also the ability to
go on study abroad schemes to I had a
radio show for a couple of years I was
able to partake in these new media
projects that I wouldn't have been able
to do otherwise um I also learn how to
standardize writing and to deal with
authority and to jump through hoops in
your professional life you're going to
have to do those things whether you like
it or not only a point lepage made not
on her talk video but on her personal
channel which was kind of a follow-up to
the discussion she said that she really
really wants to go to university army in
the USA where she lives and study for
the sake of studying for the love of
learning and the love of acquiring
knowledge now I fall into that camp I I
didn't go to university with the thought
of furthering my career and this is
something that has come up in the UK
recently because of the fact that
tuition fees have recently gone up by
three hundred percent we are now
encouraged to look at a university
degree not as us learning for learnings
sake and for the love of knowledge and
not because we want to go into research
and maybe become experts in our field
we're expected to go to university in
the UK now because it furthers our drug
prospects and as an investment in our
future as more and more information
becomes available online through stuff
like Google Scholar through stuff like
Wikipedia and the Internet in general we
aren't going to need to go to
universities
in order for us to learn for learnings
sake people who love learning are going
to be able to learn the stuff that they
learn online and universities I am
worried that universities if we go down
a more fine like a more financial and
profit-making route where they aren't
supported by the government and by
general taxes that we are going to have
universities that aren't hubs of
knowledge and of creativity and of
research but are simply training grounds
for vocational degrees and people who
are wanting to further to careers I'm
sorry if this video has been slightly
rambling without point but I haven't
scripted this and I literally just sat
down outside with a cup of tea and
decided to have a little chat with you
which I haven't done in a while and you
know I kind of missed it regardless i'd
like to bounce this over to you guys
because i know that we have fantastic
discussions about these kinds of things
what are your experiences with tertiary
education have you gone through it are
you about to go through it are you
avoiding it like the plague give me your
reasons why and what do you think are
the implications of a more profit driven
education system within British
universities if this is the first video
that you've seen of my num welcome to
run with oranges and every week I post a
video about political or social
commentary and encourage you guys to
take part in the discussion with me if
that's something that you're up for
please hit subscribe and you'll be able
to see whenever I update my feed also if
you want to follow me on Twitter and
partake in the debate throughout the
week with me then you can follow me at
at jazzy John also I've started blogging
again it seems to be mainly about gay
stuff that I'm blogging about so if
that's something that tickles your fancy
go downstairs into the description and
you can click on the link there and see
what I'm writing about please do check
out a talk from bing and Morgan Page
they are two very good content creators
that I myself subscribe to thank you
very much for taking part in the debate
I'll be floating around in the comments
don't forget to like enough calls to
action in this video yeah
see you guys
there's people just walking past in my
god past my garden and I don't want to
see like too much of a weirdo so I'm
gonna stop talking now good
