sponsored by Nintendo ladies and
gentlemen we have something very special
today to show you
Nintendo products come on let's go up
Pikachu and Pokemon let's go
Eevee Thank You Man $10 for sponsoring
and approving this video so today we
have something very special I got my my
bad look with that oh you like it guys
what do you thing about this bag I'm a
trainer which no okay I got something
special in this bag are you guys ready
for this yeah you've never seen this
before I've never seen beautiful
thank you I'm pulling out a Pikachu well
you can have me to chew in here if you
want pokeball plus controller Oh Oh mr.
bean knows how to hold it oh wow that is
a very special pokeball plus controller
guys completely different you don't have
to use a controller you can literally
use this to capture your Pokemon and we
have a second pokeball plus controller
all right monkeys there's a way to put
those on so what you gonna do is to
press this one and slide it in so that
it fits and then you're going to want to
put your ring finger
and there you go you're ready to catch
them miss wheet please show the people
at home that there's an actual Pokemon
inside so all you gotta do is your
movie hall and from here
Pikachu in this demo we're in the
Viridian Forest oh I didn't see you
there oh hi there
are you one who's gonna help me with a
bit of Pokemon research okay so you guys
can play this one player or you gonna
have someone help out as a co-op player
and go around and help you catch pokemon
yeah we're pretty awesome so let's go
now the cool part about Pokemon let's go
Pikachu and Pokemon let's go Eevee is
that the actual Pokemon are in the
graphs you can see them so it's not
random like he is not like you just bump
into one you don't know you actually can
see that there are two piggies right
there so I think we're gonna run into a
little bit easy go for what you go but
catching the brick what let's go look at
your rake I heard about you on the
Caterpie oh man my Charmander ha mr. B's
taking floaty fall okay miss me what do
you think raksha's pretty lips alright
all right we're starting with a fully
fallen see what happens super effective
that's it you didn't even need a second
shot you mean easy done 25 experience
points all right we got here all right
we got a wild need ring let's go are you
guys gonna do double meteorite carry
right you caught an eater end all right
there's a screen right there you got 24
experience points I'm in at Barry yeah
the bonus multiplier and that's a level
3 meter and let's go check out the
height it's a yep
poison Pokemon his weight is 15 pounds
let's check out the back let's see
what's going on in the back what we got
yeah all right and all the controls guys
are done through the pokeball plus
controller which is awesome Charmander
squirrel
Bulbasaur milk Eevee and our newly cut
meter and meter a so if you catch a
Pokemon you don't have to go to the
Pokemon Center to put it in your article
you can just do it on the fly there's
this that's a sign-up side I know that
all right this is like Pokemon going
with him yeah one two
Bayliss ma'am perfection our battle
all right sides up a Psyduck that's a
wild male carry yeah you don't get it no
you got this you got it yeah all right
you caught yourself let me out okay so
you got a bonus multiplier of 6.6 it's a
new pokemon the own excellent throw
first throw and you got a synchronized
bonus all right now Floyd the traitor
yeah we're now ready chatter okay Hilda
please follow the smoke screen
Charmander use smoke screen okay here we
go
right there easy easy Doug high fives
would you listen to what I have to say
please you got 180 poke a for winning
thank you so much you got three
pokeballs go into the menu and you go to
the bag and then if you want to go to
clothing trunk you can actually choose
an outfit for Pikachu and choose an
outfit for your trainer and right now my
trainer is chase so if I choose an
outfit for Pikachu you can get hats
glasses clothes and accessories and then
if I were to switch to chase cheese can
get hat I'm gonna wear pants shoes and
beds so in order to get to the different
outfits you can talk to different people
and you can actually buy different
outfits in the game yes okay see the
play with Pikachu here thank you both to
play with Pikachu there's meet you for
the part your play go look at cyclamen
patandjill yeah now that's a happy
Pikachu you can pet the Pikachu you can
play with it you can feed it food like
raspberries this is a big this is a big
Pokemon so we're gonna change it to the
Ultra Ball three two one go
Oh double ultra ball shot
fingers crossed fingers crossed
whoa yes got it we got got it okay
successful catch synchronized bonus
combo bonus size bonus let's go when you
do co-op all the pok√©balls
are in mr. B's account so Gabi here is
helping him out so if she's gonna go
grab like an altar ball she's using his
ultra balls she's just helping him catch
the different Pokemon for his account
and you found five pokeballs there we go
okay look how clear this is these
graphics are amazing three two what yeah
guys you guys are pros it's so smooth
with the ball no and you can like feel
it Oh meows and Eve you leveled up so
now all of the pokemon in the party are
level 11 so if you go to your party and
you click a Pokemon so i picked
Charmander you can actually take any
Pokemon out of their ball and they will
travel alongside you know that's awesome
today I got a Charmander following you
along yeah and for me I have a squirt
and so Gabi has a squirtle and I have a
bow so this right now is just a demo
version the full version of the game is
going to be incredible it would be so
many different things that you can do
with this so we just wanted to kind of
show you the functionality how to use
the pokeball plus controllers how you
can do the coop Miss B what's your
favorite part of Pokemon let's go
Pikachu and Pokemon let's go Eevee
for me I really like all the colors when
I see a game and it's dark and not very
eye-catching I don't want to play it as
much as this game because it's really
bright and colorful and there's lots of
blue and there's lots of green now for
the moment you've all been waiting for
we're gonna have a little challenge
monkey vs monkey so the challenge is in
ten minutes we'll see which player can
catch the most pokemon mr. B in three
two one go
ten seconds nine eight three two Pokemon
okay guys so this was Pokemon let's go
Pikachu there's another version called
Pokemon let's go Eevee okay so there's
two versions of the game so now Miss B
is gonna play pokemon let's go avy miss
Pete you've got ten minutes to see if
you can catch more than sixteen let's go
let's go
I'm eight seven six five four three
Mississippi got sixteen Miss P got 13
Pokemon
you are the champion today what your
GG's GG's GG's Judy's did you see GG's
for the winner not included in the game
of course you're gonna get a bag thank
you very much
I'd like to thank my fellow peers at
loot endow for making me the best
pokemon trainer that I could ever be I
look forward to being the best pokemon
trainer in the world
congratulations mr. Lee congratulations
for sponsoring and approving this video
guys Pokemon let's go Pikachu and
Pokemon let's go Eevee is available for
the Nintendo switch guys I'm gonna leave
some details down below Jeff what today
it's so fun yeah super fun guys let us
know if there's anything else you wants
to play down in the comments below and
if you like this video please give it a
thumbs up if you haven't subscribed yet
please subscribe we'd love you guys and
we'll see you next time
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little feed will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice right
