how's it going everybody so today we are
gonna go outside spend some time with
the family and have some fun in the snow
and I think we are going to bring along
a new friend I've got this giant
inflatable unicorn and the monkeys are
upstairs
they haven't seen the surprise yet so
let me see this what do you guys think
oh my gosh do we fit more than one
person I don't know we're gonna try to
fit everybody on this I can play in the
snow
yeah you want to ride a giant inflatable
unicorn no we could fit everybody on it
you got a blowy thing on yo I want to
see mama grab a big drop nice green
juice by the way she's so healthy she
drinks green juice after her green juice
okay nice shirts nice merch
oh yeah look it's not a tee family
emerged that's okay it's not av family
Mirchi thir we should open this you guys
ready all right let's see the context
the contact the contacts the contents of
if it's solid it's like a big solid
breakfast are you gonna need dad lung
power yeah well we got a whole see
leftovers we don't throw anything away
it's all efforts in many places in the
world no monkeys what's going on yes so
apparently we had a lot of expired food
but cherries here she's helped us find
all of our expired food and now a lot of
mustard and mayonnaise a lot of mustard
and mayonnaise there's still chance if
you want to ride the unicorn you can
ride with us right now that's like when
I asked mama B for a date she's are the
same thing to me no no you guys doing
great all right see you in three hours
okay this is gonna take a while a few
moments later I think we're ready to go
ready to ride into the sunset with the
unicorn tell me how excited you are
about going on a toboggan ride I am NOT
no you're supposed to say you are how
excited are you because it's the thrill
the thrill of losing control and going
down the hill at breakneck speeds it's
safe look at the size of this unicorn
how much safer can it get you need fresh
air you need okay you don't need
exercise
I'm just saying running up and down a
hill is very good for the cardiovascular
system
okay we have the the maiden voyage here
mama be supervising here to make sure
everything's okay yeah conditions are
safe conditions are pretty safe you're
sufficient snow good was it like a
kennel up there or something there goes
mama B's up running Hill skills cinnamon
and you know easy oh there she goes how
was that fine super fun was it fun was
it fun fun fun nice pants dude there's
some puffy snow pants oh you're good
awesome bring back the unicorn okay
they're assuming the position get some
crazy bum tickles
I got bum tickles going down this your
bum tickles oh yeah she's gonna get
crazy bum tickles hold on tight oh you
okay I think she's okay monkey how you
feeling screaming come on monkeys let's
go straight down if you do catch here
you're gonna catch like maybe five feet
of air there we go
that was awesome like having a roller
coaster in your backyard
it is it takes a lot of strength a lot
of endurance a lot of cardio I'm gonna
run as fast as I can up the hell's I'm a
big kid sir the Unicorn please go go go
go go near the unicorn popped snow on
your face Wow did you save some snow for
the rest of us
yeah go for it
let the unicorn guide you ma vie how
would that be - it was invigorating you
didn't scream at all I think is my heart
stopped Oh
holy moly Oh Oh someone wiped out this
is so cinematic
I was a close call
thank you oh oh she's so strong like
bull
started a new trend with that yokai in
the snow
what do you got under the snow look it's
snowing you know what they should call
it did you call its Noga no God join us
coming soon
Yoga Yoga snow gosh boga and then of all
the sounds and the feelings are inside
of you
if you're in a part of the world that
has never seen snow comment down below
if you've never seen snow and this snow
it's not packing snows you can't make
him to snowball it's like super soft
very very soft mama B I have a beautiful
trail to show you how
do you guys have fun today yeah I can't
feel my fingers over unicorn sled
challenge the best lunch yeah I think so
mr. V went the farthest the winner mr.
bean I'd like to thank my parents my
sister
these trees I'd like to thank this
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
