check this the chunk of my game is
stronger your slipper throw the question
is does Logan Paul deserve a second
chance
mama B I absolutely think that Logan
Paul deserves a second chance and the
reason why is because we're all human we
all make mistakes
we all have a lapse in judgment from
time to time and I in my faith because I
believe in God and I believe God
forgives me for my sins I have to
forgive other people because I'm not
perfect and so oh there's a really good
quote I don't know who said this but
judge me when you are perfect and I'm
definitely not perfect so I do believe
that he needs a second chance he just
needs some guidance and for maybe here's
representative at YouTube to have more
of an active role in what he posts and
the message that he sends out I also
agreed that Logan Paul should be given a
second chance
especially on his youtube channel I
don't believe that his YouTube channel
should be removed or anything like that
but as mama B said it needs to be
monitored he needs to be really careful
with his message knowing that young
children are watching his content so is
it a warning that shows up before the
video bye Logan Paul to say hey guys
some of the stuff you're gonna see today
is not appropriate for younger audiences
and I'm telling you if you are 13 and
under do not watch this video I think
that there should be some warnings by
Logan Paul himself or any other creators
just like Logan Paul to say these things
to their audience to let them know I'm
aware of what I'm doing and I want to
make sure that I'm not gonna affect
anybody and I think as mama B said as
well I think that it's a discussion
between YouTube and Logan Paul's people
to make sure that this doesn't happen
again he is a crazy wacky youtuber he
goes off and does all kinds of crazy
things being inappropriate and being
disrespectful obviously these are things
you cannot do and these are complete no
no's so when he comes back and we all
know he's gonna come back and and he's
gained a lot of subscribers from this we
really hope that the content is tweaked
and that the content is a little bit
more appropriate and that YouTube
doesn't consider him
the only game in town but yeah to make a
long story short we think that he should
be given a second chance but he should
be monitored thoroughly and looked after
just like any other top creator that has
had issues in the past and this is all
because we saw that video of him at the
airport
honestly I I can see his pain I can feel
his pain he's not in a good place I
admire the fact that he didn't lay blame
on anyone else he said no I accept
what's been dealt to me and he was a
gentleman about it that really stood out
for me when I was watching him was the
fact that he was a gentleman he didn't
have to answer those questions he could
have put his hoodie over his head but he
did and so that makes me think that this
Universal Smackdown that he received I
believe it's the universe that smacked
him down to his knees that it actually
Kumble him I truly believe that he is a
little more humble now but what I would
really like to see is for him to make
charity and getting back part of his
platform so with all the money that he's
making with the merch with the clothes
with the bags with whatever it is I'd
love to see a portion of that maybe put
into children's education
maybe mental health that's what I would
like to see from him what do you guys
think leave a message down below do you
think Lo and Paul should be given a
second chance on the same lines we're
trying to understand why would someone
like Logan Paul get to that point why
did it get so crazy and why did it go so
far and I think it stands around daily
vlogging and the pressures of daily
vlogging and the pressures of making
sure that you create content that's just
crazier and crazier and crazier every
day and these are things that happen
when you try to compete with yourself
and your content you see these views
we've always stood behind the fact that
we believe daily vlogging is unhealthy
for families for people for individuals
as you can clearly see we've seen it in
the past daily vloggers don't have a
great track record too much pressure
it's a lot of pressure on the family
it's a lot of pressure on the couple on
the person filming on the person editing
it's a lot of pressure on the kids
having a camera in your face every
single day we guarantee you that it is
not healthy and we guarantee you that
children are not doing this they're not
happy when your daily vlogging when you
are daily vlogging I guarantee you I
stand by this 100% I do not believe that
it's healthy for children yeah I think
that you just get into a pattern where
you're not thinking you're not taking
time for yourself to sit in reflection
to think about what are the next steps
what direction do we want to go to what
our fresh ideas that we have you need
that time to think and to have
creativity and imagination that's where
that comes from but when you're like
like this every single day every single
day and you're trying to figure out okay
what are we doing today we're going to
the drycleaners kids are going to school
and how can you make it more exciting
than the day before yeah and when
everything's got to be exciting and
everything has got to be crazy even
though to be honest 90% of the time in
everybody's life it's pretty mundane and
boring it's just a normal life but
people think that it either has to be
over the top or it has to be drama right
people for some reason don't understand
that there is comfort in this part of
life where yes you're doing what you
need to do you're going to work you're
going to school you're working towards
your goal you're gonna have quiet time
it's okay to be here it doesn't have to
be like either controversy craziness end
up in jail or drama let's try to fight
with each other let's move through fear
it doesn't have to be that way it
doesn't last forever it's not good for
the creators it's not good for the
platform at the end of the day the
content is watered down and it also adds
to a fake perception of happiness and a
fake perception of a real life normally
people don't get a school bus and make
it your buzz is it super cool yes it is
super cool but it's not based in reality
so I would love to see creators talk to
kids talk to the young people that are
watching this and speak to them in a way
that doesn't fool them that's what I
would love to see logan paul has a
wonderful chance to go to his audience
and say guys I just want to let you know
this is not normal what I do in the
opportunities that I've had in my life
is not normal
I'm a big kid I'm enjoying I'm having
fun and I think you wouldn't feel so bad
I think that a lot of kids watch those
videos and they're like I don't have all
that stuff well I don't have a
Lamborghini or I don't have a mansion a
school bus I can convert I don't have
all this clothes I don't have you know
my beautiful dog I don't have these
things and that's fine and then it's
totally fine me not having all of those
things you still find purpose in your
life and meaning in your life you can
enjoy a creator that goes out there and
has fun and is a big kid but is socially
responsible for the content that they
create social responsibility that's an
actual thing social responsibility
social responsibility is for the benefit
of society at large which means that yes
even if you have to make money and we
all have to make money we have to put
food on the table we have to pay for our
bills you still have a responsibility to
the society that you live in not to
cross the line not to cause destruction
or not to disrespect human life that
also has to be taken into account ah
she's got so many notes I should I
should probably have notes social
responsibility is for the benefit of
society at large the idea that
businesses should balance profit-making
activities with activities that benefit
society it involves developing
businesses with a positive relationship
to the society in which they operate
YouTube well I think that YouTube does
have a social responsibility already
they partnered with the IRC to bring
awareness to the plight of refugees
around the world there's an upcoming
creators for change summit that they've
put together for creators that are
inspiring change in the world and so I
think it's fantastic that they have that
vision in that they see that the world
needs to change we need to change our
paradigm that we've come to know we need
to get comfortably uncomfortable because
that's the only way that we're gonna
grow lots of nice notes here you should
write a book mama B let us know down
below if she should write a book I'll
see you guys the other thing I was
thinking that there's a lack of
leadership I feel like there's a lack of
leadership when I was growing up I felt
had so many people to look to work
towards emulating and I feel like young
people nowadays don't really have that
all the top people are not really
sending out positive inspiring messages
it's it's the wrong messages that's what
I would like to see in the future for
YouTube for creators for this new form
of entertainment is more leaders that
are sending out the right message and
I'm not note I'm putting together a
video where I will explain to my
daughter to miss monkey who Oprah
Winfrey is after Oprah won her award at
the Golden Globes my daughter said who
is Oprah Winfrey what well she was
mainly on television and the kids don't
watch a lot of television anymore yeah
so yeah that's that's why so momma B is
gonna be posting a video very soon
introducing our daughter to Oprah and
talking about why Oprah was such a
powerful role model for human beings for
women she did so much and continues to
do so much and so I want to explain to
my daughter and to you why we need more
people that will step up and be the
Oprah Winfrey's of the world that's who
we should be looking up to people making
positive change with a great message
people inspiring you to be a better
human being living your life with
purpose being happy what does that mean
realizing that we're all on this human
journey together and so we're gonna have
our ups and downs it's going in to Oprah
world it's going in to Oprah world this
is good
maybe we should just like do though
Oprah you wanted a little dangerous I
know you do like a lot of Oprah look she
loves Oprah she's gonna make an awesome
video about Oprah and she's gonna share
it with you all when you see all the
things that I've done in my life you
will see the direction that I've tried
to make it go to in the direction that
Oprah Winfrey paved for women like me so
yeah video is coming soon coming soon
okay so we had a question on Instagram
asking us well what do you let the kids
watch what do the kids watch on YouTube
so our kids they don't they don't watch
Logan Paul I don't watch Jake Paul and
I'm watching the team ten stuff any of
that type of
content because we can't trust it we
just can't trust that it's gonna be good
for kids that it's gonna be educational
so I was really really really upset when
I saw the thumbnail that Jake Paul used
on his I lost my virginity video and
then it was removed two days later you
changed it he changed the the thumbnail
picture which was really really
provocative and would obviously make
young curious misinformed kids want to
click on it right away and it was a
video about skiing so that was really
really disappointing to me it was like a
punch in the gut for what the rest of us
are doing and here you have this
gigantic platform and that's what you're
using it for I find it disgusting I find
it repulsive and I really hope that's
gonna change and I think that everybody
who is along those those lines will
change and hopefully Logan Paul will be
the first one to make that major change
for the right direction and everyone
will follow suit so we're the Monkees
watch the Monkees watch dude perfect
everybody knows who they are on this
platform they do some crazy trick shots
they do some really extreme fun stuff do
you have the Holderness family they are
a fun family very creative very musical
they do a lot of parodies you gotta
check them out of course what's inside
good friend of ours great people great
content very educational Rosanna pansino
Rosanna pansino has always been fun and
creative with her food and all kinds of
fun stuff there had a cake it on the
same lines Oh Studio C so they watch a
lot of Studio C chad tronic I know he
doesn't watch a lot of Chad tronic brave
wilderness have you seen brave
wilderness I'm gonna introduce you to
brave wilderness mama B actually doesn't
watch a lot of youtube she searches for
things and she'll find stuff on YouTube
but she doesn't actively subscribe yeah
mostly music if you had your own YouTube
channel you would probably have Luis
FONSI you would have Enrique Iglesias
you'd have Carlos Vives you'd have she'd
have called him Nicky Jam she
contributes to the hundreds of billions
of music video views on YouTube that's
what mama B watches good mythical
morning is another channel that the
monkeys walk crazy Russian hacker I know
that they've watched him he does some
really crazy experiments super fun
of course kc nights that liza Koshi
hilarious very creative however there
are videos that are a little bit more
appropriate towards the college crowd or
late teens
so we want to make sure that the kids
aren't exposed to that just yet so I
monitor that we understand that we have
a huge audience and it differs in ages
and so I realized that when I took my
daughter to get our hair done and we met
a little girl a five year old little
girl who watches us and she was going
crazy and she was really excited to meet
us but that's when I realized wow there
are five year olds watching us there's
teenagers there's parents there's
grandparents we tried to be very
conscientious conscientious
conscientious sorry speak foreign
languages sometimes I get confused
conscientious we have a responsibility
to the different age groups and so with
everything that we posed we want to post
a video coming up through YouTube gaming
so we're gonna go alive on our channel
we're gonna play a game my son and I are
gonna play for tonight we're gonna play
together and we've been having fun
playing this game the game overall may
not be appropriate for all ages because
he doesn't really play minecraft or
roblox as much as he used to he's
playing for tonight I want to be
involved with because I want to know
that he's in a safe environment and we
want to share that relationship with
everyone is that a good idea is that not
the right idea what is the messaging
that we're sending out to our young
viewers should we have an age disclaimer
on it and so these are all things that
we are considering before doing
something like that we would love your
input as well if you want to watch it
and you understand that this is a dad
playing with his son and that the
environment is safe and that there isn't
blood and gore and stuff like that and
that the communication is there where
this is not real life this is a game we
respect your thoughts we want your
thoughts we want to know what you think
so please let us know yes so let us know
down in the comments below does Logan
Paul deserve a second chance who are
your favorite creators who do you like
to watch on YouTube and three playing
fortnight with my son yay or nay will
you watch it because we're gonna go
alive this Sunday I'll link our times
down below anything else mama B maybe I
can end up mmm oh we can end the video
with this since yesterday was Martin
Luther King
your day I was going through a lot of
the things that he's done and he said
and of course he was a Nobel Peace Prize
winner very vocal or social justice and
all the things that we should all be
fighting for and there's two coats the
first is the time is always right to do
what is right and the second is our
lives begin to end the day we become
silent about things that matter and so
this matters you matter the platform
matters creators matter creativity
matters and social responsibility
matters Wow that's a perfect way to end
a that's why I married you and because
you can throw a chocolate pretty far
she's amazing thanks for watching thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you've haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice right
