welcome to another episode of we're good
welcome to another episode of try not to
laugh dad joke edition the monkeys are
gonna fill up their mouths with water
and I'm gonna try to make them laugh
this time I'm gonna make my daughter
laugh I know you left yep what was that
that was the water bottle but it was
nature so the last two times you laughed
like crazy and you lost the challenge
but now round 3 episode 3 what do you
think think you're gonna laugh no
because dad jokes are not funny they're
cheesy they're jokes you don't actually
go that's funny I guarantee you're gonna
laugh yes I'm sure about that are you
sure about that
here we go you guys ready okay assume
the position
fill up Z mouths with water you full of
water are you full of water okay have
you heard about the crap that doesn't
get to charity she's so shellfish you're
already winning you look good on your
nose ready yeah have you been to the
crazy peanut party
so that place is nuts did you hear about
the guy who won the pickle eating
contest he's kind of a big deal that was
it nose breeder that was a slave spit
but I think you guys passed knock-knock
dots dots for me to know and you to find
out no okay okay I'm turning it up I'm
turning it up did you hear about the
elephant that doesn't matter yeah they
call me irrelevant we should go I have a
dentist appointment it's at 2:30 here we
go uh I got water going right down my
neck did you hear about the can crusher
that quit his job he was so depressed
you guys want to face me for the final
one yeah okay but don't laugh no don't
but don't don't over don't overreact
I don't want you to spit in my face for
no reason okay all right you guys ready
for this one you okay oh this is gonna
be a tough one I already lost track all
right let's go let's go
no no no don't even don't even okay this
is it this is it knock knock things fix
the doorbell it's broken
you got it I got it I got it big fella
like it fix the doorbell it's broken
I gotta bust out some knock-knock that
jokes on that one today that was Lance
that was super late like the kids say oh
the floor is no good so who won that
that's hard all the floors let us know
in the comments down below who won this
episode of try not to laugh dad jokes I
already lost tracks oh come on come on
that's enough I was getting like the
floors anyway you know when you watch a
funny movie you're like so say something
cause I don't know no I'm not gonna say
anything funny cuz I'm spittin human
thanks for watching everybody if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up and if you want to see any other
things down why is the floor so wet dad
I think I kicked off a mohawk with all
the fish you get to look now mommy
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice but
