ladies and gentlemen too much of costume
this Halloween this is Mike you don't
like my costume no it's hot to make my
hot tomato ketchup anyways
ladies and gentlemen welcome to another
episode of the three marker challenge
Halloween edition because we know how
much you guys love it do you guys know
the rules
yes all right I'm gonna show you guys a
photo these guys are gonna pick three
markers each and they're gonna color the
photo in their special way and you guys
let us know in the comments who drew the
best picture or who colored the best
color color of the Halloween good let's
get started
are you guys ready for the first round
yes okay here we go the first one you're
gonna get very creative it's a pumpkin
you can be really simple and boring and
just color it and as it is or you can
add a few things here and there special
hat whoo hat no cheating no cheating no
peeking no peeking
oh I got Wild Orchid what all the racket
orchard or chip orchid as long as we kid
Oh Oh pumpkin pumpkin what I say pumpkin
color rigs rigatoni oh okay okay so here
I have orange this pink and green okay
mr. B you're up oh I gotta close my eyes
violence all right pearl what I got just
great right and then I've also got oh
wow
Thanks all right let's go go mr. B's
notice focus face going on do you have
your focus face we got miss feet
starting with her pink and mr. B
starting with his one of two grades yes
two completely different pumpkin faces
happening right now
so as you can see my pumpkin has sort of
like a face tattoo and mine I'm going
for like the traditional look and since
that like the pumpkin is orange and then
the stem is green why not just make the
face like the glowing eyes and glowing
mouths pink that's pretty pretty lit
family but maybe just maybe I can make
this look so simple the bats wearing a
mr. B t-shirt and then don't forget
merch oh yeah for me too I always make
the first one simple but then we gonna
get crazy
soon she puts the hat on she gets crazy
I don't know whoa what are you doing boy
why are you on the counter right now
coloring which one is it holy plug in
your channel that Miss B who is like on
the counter is these be very secretive
with her coloring and mr. B here with
his colorization if you're watching this
video I really hope that you go over my
youtube channel and subscribe
whoa what's what's so bad about that
but guys follow this channel then you
might as well go follow me cuz how did
you get lucky hitting that pumpkin color
very creative on both sides are you
ready yes in three two one
whoa oh my Wow Wow the details
that looks amazing both you guys have
very different pumpkins mr. B what you
got I went for the more scarier look so
on his teeth they're living so they've
got smiley faces he's got a mustache
he's got a face tattoo
mr. beat and then he's got one saying
this is regular greet and this is
dolphin gray as you can see they're
quite similar and quite different
there's a little badge thing I'm a
little connects a smiley face space
tattoo that's on panniers pumpkins have
a lot of armpit hair if you didn't know
so what you have to do you have to grab
the pumpkin and pull the armpit hair and
you can actually make soup out of it all
right now we got miss bee who's made a
slight modification but let's see your
pumpkin finally ah yes
a classic classic pop and there's a
there's a secret message there what does
that think goes up to my channel Wow Wow
get that plug get that plug in okay so
you have coconut oil you do so here's my
pumpkin
it is the color pumpkin so my base
colour is pumped in the face that is
carved out has a pink candle inside
which makes the face look pink here's
the traditional green stem with the
hidden message saying go subscribe to my
channel if you're wondering kids what my
channel is called it's called Miss B you
better go subscribe right now and I'll
give you a cookie
not only and tell us in the comment
section down below
who won that round right was it miss B
or mr. B in round one round no middle
thus I'm no longer ketchup I am a
mustard Wow high quality high budget
Halloween costumes in this video round -
are you guys ready for the next three
marker coloring pit picture yes okay -
five nights at freddys okay so first off
on the list we've got green that's kind
of like a purplish chefs are really good
to go or on so fancy
what you got what you got I just need
brown our state a warm brown
I just got red eye laser lemon laser
Laser lemon loser lemon yeah Oh wine you
could have just said lemon but I need
you know Crayola so that we got poopy
head focus I have an idea so you know
your boys got to go for the cuddle team
leader look freddy's hats to me it looks
like a birthday cake on a plate so I'm
making a birthday cake Wow because it's
chicken chicas birthday
all right I'm very interested to see
what you guys got here both very focused
I'm thinking of making skittles teeth
guys wow the detail guys okay who's
ready to reveal their Freddy fazbear
ease in three two one boom oh my look at
this let me get that zoom itch MS B
that's very nice I like that I like that
let's see this one here Oh mr. B's got
some happy Christmas he's got a nice ass
everybody both look completely different
okay mr. B you wanna explain yours
Freddie over here has passed Halloween
he's now in Christmas Mon I say we see
the Santa Claus and the happy Christmas
would be s over there and then also this
is the sacred stone to harness all of
Freddie's power and to on feed all the
kids their pizza and then here are his
skittles teeth Wow amazing
congratulations on that miss P what do
you think about that one um my Freddy
fazbear
yellow and I thought that was pretty lit
fan because I like McDonald's I was
gonna color the teeth yellow and put
like a little bit of lettuce there and
then I made like a red outline to the
lips gotta keep those kids happy pizza
and a cake on a plate on top of his head
oh my eye with some Wi-Fi additional
Wi-Fi let us know in the comments who
you think won this round was it miss B's
crazy Freddy fazbear with the birthday
hats or mr. B's Freddy fazbear with the
happy Christmas let us know in the
comments down below guys okay are you
ready for round numeral later solo but
what material bootleg my goodness away
she wants it's like 50 cents this is my
this is my primo not your hamburger this
is a cheeseburger costume there's cheese
on this okay I'm so sorry there's cheese
on this sorry I got my lettuce head cuz
you know let us celebrate Halloween mr.
hamburger is going to deliver the third
round are you guys ready
my favorite movie I watched it like
seven times
it all depends on the colors that you
get no peeking no peeking
but copper copper around Brown gotta use
your color miss me number 30 okay that's
not bad that's not bad
what do you get what did you get it's
like Kiwi color
okay so you got copper peach and kiwi
alright my favorite foods ultraviolence
okay very nice answer
blue do it I do it exhorted every
thought graphic green wow this is our
dark blue ladies and gentlemen do you
guys need a hand yeah
do you know if anyways it looks like
whoo he looks like the Wendy's girl you
kind of done with the wave girl yeah I
should have just left the penny wise
teeth as it is but you know what like
nobody see their private a little bit of
teaching there oh I like the different
color hair you got going on there this
is called the galaxy skin Pennywise
ladies and gentlemen ha ha
you could probably take a marker out of
your mouth so you don't choke on it nope
I love what my boy Pennywise have some
like veins popping out of his forehead
like yes you have to get creative this
is artwork for you the Halloween 3
marker challenge is for the children to
have the creativity of doing the 3
markers okay top clean Tim with your
face subscribe to channel
I'm literally ready that's on my core
headed so you like follows up my friend
offers B pencils okay ready to reveal oh
my good what what is she doing
are you ready miss me what do you got
it's a beautiful green on this side and
Peach on the right yeah this brown
makeup and his different colored ears on
this side he fell in some mud and then
his girlfriend wouldn't like they broke
up he she was like so mad she threw
lettuce at him right there it is Miss
B's penny wise very nice this is my
penny wise his ago I got a galaxina
I go back see penny wise he's looking
pretty cool you've got his eyes over
here hi nice to meet you I need a marker
last-minute additions ok there's mr. B's
penny wise 3d that is the creepiest
three marker hello then it's so weird
okay guys that's it for the three marker
challenge Halloween edition guys let us
know in the comments down below overall
who won the contest and don't don't do
what miss B does sometimes is not a
right to put markers in your mouth you
guys should know that by now if you like
this video please give it a thumbs up if
you haven't subscribed yet please hit
that subscribe hit that Bell for the
notification and subscribe to their
channels miss B hazard channel mr. B has
his channel who knows what the next
video is gonna be yeah yeah comment down
below and maybe I'll just wear something
a little bit higher budget next time
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
