this year we're celebrating our 14th
wedding anniversary
15 you forgot I said 15 as we are
celebrating our 15th wedding anniversary
how many years 15 years how old are you
oh that's not old that's nothing else 15
is nothing it's been a ton of fun so I
found our wedding video and the monkeys
okay so I lost the wedding video and I
couldn't find it and thank goodness my
sweet boy save man found the video in
the gaming computer it was for some
reason in the gaming computer I guess we
were born and you wanted to show us on
the gaming computer to stop me from
playing video games which reminds me
there singing in the wedding video so
let's get to it guys yes who did the
singing so don't cheat don't finish the
video yet leave a comment down below
like this video subscribe if you haven't
and leave a comment down below who sang
to whom alright and if you've already
seen this video and you're cheating
that's fine leave a comment anyways
alright let's go there is the beautiful
mama beam you look so pretty
what an awesome day it was snowing like
crazy that day beautiful wow look at her
hair look at the dress
so pretty and it will look so handsome
how you feeling baby I'll never forget
this day I remember every moment of this
day I remember standing there with my
brother and just watching my beautiful
bride walk down the aisle we didn't have
a lot of people at her wedding it was
just really close friends and I was
nervous there I am Thanks I was like
Jason Derulo they have like baby faces
you know a little baby face look at that
I was so nervous
that was like I should have cracked a
smile am i rocking back and forth you're
rocking back because I think you were
trying not to pass out because you
watched those videos and you see
everyone passing out I didn't want to
pass out so we were both kind of like
stay there going late don't pass out
don't pass out though both shoulders
were like that because he's like I was
so nervous oh my gosh we I can't
remember the last time you watch this
that's so crazy to see like my cute
parents getting married all this we're
saying our vows here we are kids weird
kids getting married wedding dress is so
pretty mama thank you baby
15 years ago it was very heavy all those
beads are very heavy sweating and I was
freezing at the same time I would
remember the excitement of that day oh
that's where I start to cry cuz the
nerves I couldn't take the nerves
anymore I understand why a wedding is so
so nerve nerve wracking because like
you're almost gonna class up this is the
person who you might spend the rest of
your life with like hopefully you spend
the rest of your life with that person I
was like don't pass out don't get sick
the wrong puke on the wife did you do
raise your forehead before you win I
wish I was slightly greasy er I was
slightly fluffier thank you very much
miss
thank you when I win her face he wasn't
keeping his body healthy I wasn't eating
right
no exercising but I saw everybody I did
fall down the stairs I was able to hold
you and everything was cool
everything went without a hitch our
nieces were all like the flower girls
and nephews we liked the ring boy you
know always does that smile whenever use
freaking nervous we were both thinking
oh my gosh I can't believe we do this is
crazy
where you guys going we have no idea you
don't know we were just like we're just
like zombies la Chamba sure we do you
know I don't even know where we went
snow it's snowing it snowed like crazy
that there just started to snow when we
got married officially and then it was
like a snowstorm that's nice snows on
your wedding snow in the waiting room is
really wedding it took a white wedding
where it is
my parents had a condo and we actually
had our wedding party in the party room
of your parents yes and we had a salsa
band meeting little things at home
no no banquet hall play maracas we got a
six-piece Cuban salsa bag everybody
shadow to Pablito pollito pollito
pollito we had probably tow there he was
awesome
oh my goodness it's so grainy great not
all looks good like every time
yeah she looked amazing come on up on
the other hand I was about two liters of
pop every day mama B has like the best
speeches she writes the best captions
she's got the best way with words and
I'm glad that she was there doing this
because I don't and I try and I'm
getting better at my writing skills so I
wrote this I didn't write a song but I
sang a song for Mama B so Papa is the
one who's saying to me oh you may win
why were you laughing there I have no
idea why I was laughing always making me
laugh I don't know what it is tell your
brother I'm being all emotional in
thanking everyone and you're looking
around the room because I was nervous
see okay so I like someone gave me a
plot on the phone on the bottom water
that was a bottle of water
let's do hi for your range papa
so cute I'm just gonna go and hug you
but he actually like my cuz you you said
you yeah we couldn't know what the right
or you don't
I mean that's pretty good thank you do
you know that you're promising to mama
no I didn't know that that's so crazy
and I'm like that's good singing
when I cover because it would be inside
closet I'll just burst out laughing on
the teacher will turn around and then
she'll start laughing
oh my goodness
oh wow see that wasn't there it is that
was their wedding it was very small it
was done on a budget in general oh yeah
I was always turning up oh boy that's
impressing them no photo to a baby no
auto-tune I don't know that the audio is
like a hole oh it's an old it's an old
video Wow
so much accounts though it took a lot of
guts Wow there it is guys that's it guys
that was our wedding video it was cut
enough that we remember all those funny
moments and that's why we have our
wedding video on a disk our wedding was
on a budget we only had 50 guests
we got a pen we got a caterer and those
are the two things that we spent money
on it was food and music of course but
we had it in a party room of a condo
building everything was very low budget
we made our own like table coverings and
stuff like that because we didn't want
to start our lives together broke broke
broke is not even the problem it's when
you're in debt yeah when you when you're
in your rent and you owe a lot of money
it's almost like you're in this hole and
you're trying to climb but you keep
taking three steps back and you're
climbing and you're taking three steps
back and we didn't want to start our
marriage like that what mattered is that
Papa and I loved each other and we
wanted to spend our lives together and
hopefully make some babies and have a
family like me we got these guys and hey
we got mostly meat marketing just
kidding I love my brother thank you - I
think the moral of a story is that we
just wanted to share our celebration
with you guys that we've celebrated our
15-year wedding anniversary
it's not easy marriage is not easy
having a family being happy and
successful takes a lot of work and so we
wanted to share our journey with you
guys in the hopes that we can help you
maybe there's something that you see
that you want to apply to your own life
and if there's anything you want us to
talk about included in the comments and
maybe we can just do a video a family
video where you ask us questions and we
can answer them
it can be about anything related to
family we love you guys we love each
other I love you my buddy too thank you
for making me happy the last 15 years
thank you for appreciating my smiles
more than my tears thank you for letting
me be myself thank you for bringing out
the best in me thank you for being an
amazing father because that's something
that I don't ever have to worry about
Wow so thank you for talking with us and
thank you for being my everything for
being there through the craziest moments
of our lives are just always being there
and always having my back from the
beginning the lasagnas ready I love you
both I love me
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
