ladies and gentlemen welcome to guys
today the monkeys are gonna be
challenging each other we're gonna see
who has the better taste bud we have a
bunch of different crazy flavored chips
so sometimes it's not that accurate with
chip flavors yeah they can be like Oh
tastes like purified meat but it doesn't
taste like Joey's yep same thing
purifying meat you know so we got a
bunch of weird crazy flavors and we're
gonna see if these monkeys can guess the
flavor
you guys ready yes all right I love
that's the first flavor the monkeys are
gonna try monkeys let's get your taste
buds going pizza it doesn't taste like
anything I feel like it's the original
oh not something that I can recognize I
just feel like it's original with
something I taste a little bit of
cheesiness I'm my guess is cheese fries
she's fries Wow yeah or something
original original the answer is remove
your blindfolds monkeys it tastes like
those chips these chips are really good
for during the movie you guys you can
just eat them and it's really good
what room it's got a nice flavor but it
just tastes like original whoa actually
now that it tasted up together it
actually kind of tastes the same I'm
gonna do the test so I'm gonna have a
chip and then the bread
cheese what are you feeling oh my
goodness it is the same doesn't mean it
does it does this is so good Matt some
dinner sure visit dinner dinner and a
show
cheesy garlic bread thumbs up or thumbs
down some people say I have a strong
palate
I taste the cheese I don't taste the
garlic yeah the next flavor is coming
right up beauty take a bite monkey
that's strong that's so weird
that's really strong this tastes like
chicken chicken wings with a little bit
of zestiness
oh maybe a little bit peppers so I'm
going to go with chicken wings I said it
first
so that if it's chicken then I win this
is not I mean it's a challenge but it's
not a competition is that your final
answer guys yes no whoa we have we have
another answer here it's either chicken
or ranch ranch sauce or something oh I
think it's pizza yeah I think it's pika
- okay monkeys reveal unrevealed undo
take off your blindfolds mac and cheese
and cheese that's why it was so strong
cuz we got this strong cheese at the end
does it smell
mac and cheese I didn't realize that
does it taste like it no it doesn't it
does to be honest that was bacon mac and
cheese yeah it was a - cheese and bacon
I don't there's anything I was going on
here like when you put it together it's
like
they're gonna thing you guys are going
to town man well this is like hashtag
not sponsored thumbs up or thumbs down
Tom's round numero tres aha you speak
French
no wait numero twoo ah ah you speak
Spanish what oh you're getting a sugar
rush or a salt rush or something next up
we have this coming up oh good luck
children all right what do you guys
think is it hot I can smell it no it's
hot look how hot is it not me man nah me
blame a hot Doritos use the texture is
very harsh it might be Doritos I think
it's Doritos yeah yeah but what flavor
of Doritos is it uh flaming hot no I see
Oh spicy Jalapa don't feel sample no I
think it's yeah I'm going with zesty
jalapeno I'm gonna go with delicious
unwrap your covers unravel your eyes
chicken wing chicken wing gosh our this
flyer than those hobbies yeah
what do you like better the chips or the
wings the chips the wings are you chips
those are dead huh it's not like yeah it
tastes like a farm
the chips are gone yeah the barn knew
those gypsies like a farm Doritos taste
like a barn
smell the barn taste the bird thumbs up
or thumbs down guys I wanted to eat
those like Georgia movie or anything
no I would all right next round
coming up next next
is there any like desert food what like
a birthday cake chips yeah
no no your sister is now officially
charged up on sugar make sure I did this
flavor these things seems like there's a
little bit of a theme here okay all
right
monkeys oh these are Cheetos whoa pizza
I taste meat thank you I just bacon hmm
a little bit of cheese bacon pizza bacon
pizza okay mine I feel like this is
never gonna work
well like she's reacting like prosciutto
or like meat or something but I feel
like is something wrapped to me like you
know how there's those turkeys wrapped
in bacon there's something wrapped in
something I feel like it's cheese
wrapped something spaghetti rules bacon
wrap no no wait she's wrapped prosciutto
pizza would bake it on top you nailed it
originally because you said she's in
bacon is this bacon raw or ready to eat
it's like microwavable bacon so is it
ready to eat right now yes yes they have
no flavor what actually tastes better
the key though is man bacon cheddar
cheese curls
thumbs up with them down the next flavor
coming right up
let's see if the monkey gene gets this
one oh no that's a spicy is it corn get
that flavor no these are chips this time
whoa what the heck the spicy taste
spiciness Oh birthday cake
Percy kick bite the barbecued carrot
sticks spicy carrot stick that doesn't
make any sense it does because what if
you dip a carrot stick in soy sauce
that would just be gross sriracha
why do you have this that is wonderful I
see cooking so what are the people a big
mistake it's like a punch and a Hey
oh it's getting bigger it tastes like
salsa a little too much sriracha they're
kids
hmm sriracha flavored chips thumbs up or
thumbs down well it's good that chip is
good wait I never put the sriracha on
top thank you done it's actually really
it's spicy guys don't try this at home
okay we'd save the best for last
at this point your taste buds are
wrecked the next flavor are you guys
ready yes what they call cheap Cheetos
videos they're not really chips okay try
it I'm scared I feel like you're just
doing this behind the camera
these are Cheetos and they're
incorporated with the cheese I'm getting
nostalgia I know I've said this before
and I've been wrong but this is my last
try
I'm gonna say pizza yeah that's
definitely me before Pizza all the way
yeah it's time to reveal the flavor
Pizza Pizza 3 2 1 it's pizza
this is your dinner I don't want to ruin
it
alright guys how was that that was the
most delicious video I've ever filmed
this is actually pretty tasty and
nothing was expired which is great
that's that's always a bonus let us know
in the comments who has the better taste
buds buds thanks for watching guys if
you like this video please give it a
thumbs up and if you want to see any
other challenges let us know in the
comments down below and now it's time to
have some dinner we're gonna have some
this is our dressing like kale to eat or
something in you're ready a marathon
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribing ly to comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice
