stranger danger this is my seat welcome
to another episode of me
know what today is gonna be a very
special video it's dedicated to my
favorite slimy tuber Karina Garcia I'm
just kidding it's karena Garcia don't
get that wrong so today I'm gonna be
reviewing Karina Garcia's sublime
you almost killed me Oh y'all gonna make
it not sponsored hey y'all 3 Garcia's
good on guys follow me
Kareena bear blogs oh look it's Karina
Garcia right beside you to your left
hey hey look it's me Karina Garcia and
this is my slime hey this is legit slime
and it's available at Target and details
down below the kit includes instruction
manual bottles on blue 8f L ounces 240
milliliters brackets bottles of slime
activator 1 F 1 something bubble wrap
bubble wrap cool beer for a plastic
straw plastic cup alright so I've been
wanting to do this video for a long time
since these babies came in because y'all
know that I'm a big slam fanatic look at
Papa Joe Jimmy help you know dad I'm
growing my nails so they're nice and
then you get open up this is a bag full
of goodies this bag is filled with lots
of cool things
there's coloring tablets in here so I
don't think she's sending me food
coloring it's like coloring tablets
that's what the box says apparently I
let's get to the point because I don't
like those people who are talking for 25
minutes and then the people in the
comments are like video starts at 3:45
while this was shipping this
accidentally I have no idea what
happened but we can do it kids ooh it
oh you almost killed me so glue aa
plastic cup to mix in I guess water gel
whoa she sent me a bottle of oh Claire
slam glue I think this is like contact
station or something I don't know y'all
tell me in the comment section down
below
rule the cinematics
oh sorry so they said this comes with an
instruction manual but it's not in my
site it's right here okay now we're
going to make a small batch of opaque
slime opaque means not clear I know that
of course I get a pluses in school can I
guess no water what is this holy pull
pull pull Eve I know act all tall and
I'll sound scientific stranger danger oh
right your hair I don't care you're here
I don't care you're here
I don't care your hair I don't care
you're here I don't care you're here I
don't know it's fine okay I don't care
you're here okay back to slime the
translucent slime step 1
whenever you're handling chemicals
remember to first wash your hands with
soap and water
nobody wants dirty slime once their
hands are clean get ready it's time to
mix first you're going to make a small
batch of translucent Sun turn gluten
trip bamboo stick up the cup that is
included in the kit got a ring here 5/5
ahead of you Karina and pour two
tablespoons of the slime goo into the
cup
we got a carefully pour it in two of
these 1 molar
all right so now we got our two
tablespoons in here one teaspoon of the
slime activator
oh no they pull a little bit sound so
satisfying
pour it in what it's already getting
slimy as soon as I add it in whoa the
slime
everyone mix it gets so much better like
the entire slime thing is just mmm looks
nice it's like an ocean sort of thing
you know what I'm gonna add some blue
sparkles as well whoo that sound Wow
okay let's play with this you know what
this reminds me of jello ooh I'm gonna
put some crinkles in there some
sprinkles and there's no like liquid
it's all slime in here I'm gonna double
it up get ready for this magic it's so
cool so you see how it's like a water
it's a liquid mm-hmm add in this start
mixing automatically it becomes a gel
like look at that it's amazing amazing
so I'm just gonna keep mixing mixing I'm
gonna add some of this my hands are too
slimy can you help me help me name the
slime in the comments tell me what do
you think of it it's glued or everywhere
to one now let's mix this baby
would this look so cool
this is what you can make bubbles you
can stretch it you can fold it no you
can get caps the reason why it looks
kind of messy is because I was doing the
process on a table it pokes mommy I love
this table
I know she's gonna not like you get a
kill you so I legitimately would give
the slime a 7 out of 10 it is so much
fun to play with it's so soft it's best
a chi is stuff bulk about what it's a
little messy and maybe it's just because
of the tables
I don't know but check it out let me
know what you think in the comments down
so whoa-oh-oh
thanks for watching if you like this
video please give it a thumbs up and now
it's time for dad to clean up come on
ready for some hand prints me thanks for
watching everybody please like
subscribing ly to comment down below if
you haven't subscribed yet please click
on the icon on the left and a little
theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
