I need to do the blasts I need a bigger
Cup I di
here's the challenge
just taste testing stuff not that
interesting but we're gonna make a
little challenge because we know how
much you guys love the vs. so we're
gonna do British candy versus veggies or
whatever we can find at I will anyway
those house because we're here and they
have some really cool stuff and lots of
peppers and garlic so you guys ready
yeah these are grandparent approved
grandparents approve tea towels once you
are like this is the plate I want you
can't go back to your decision battle
vehicle okay Rock Paper Scissors shoot
so this one says it is a whisper
luncheon I got a red pepper a er8 ee d
Oh should I try this
thanks abuela I love our cupboards Wow
oh she should talk about their present
chocolate so what does it taste like
Nazis do really good mm-hmm
very light I'm very easy to bite through
soft Airy thumbs up or thumbs down
monkeys
kind of taste at the end of Round Rock
Paper Scissors shoot yes this is called
a double-decker nougat top and crispy
bottom and Cadbury chocolates are you
sure you want to fight into this what is
that did it no would you like some green
onions tell that there are some rice
well there is some nougat what is that
that's a little weird wait what does it
say I like it Pete that's a
double-decker nougat all right guys so
weird
rock paper scissors shoot so I bought a
category product these are called Dairy
Milk buttons and I'm pretty sure that's
what they look like are you thinking
apply to the hot pepper I think you just
made a big mistake sir that's what dads
are for son all right
whoa the seats oh don't put into the
seats
oh my gosh why did you guys take a bite
of that when they were in the Korean
fire noodles while the monkeys are
burning I'm gonna try one of these
buttons chocolate and it tastes like
just tasty oh come on these hot peppers
I don't think you're that hot
soon as it gets into your mouth um
double chocolate
alright let's nobody do anything else
okay guys you never bite into anything
like this oh okay Brown whatever candy
versus candy because I think we ran out
of veggies so I want finally I think
both of you win now caramel biscuit
energy jelly baby what the heck that's
so creepy again have some club soda from
the winners Cup where'd you get that
from 1842
is it a thirty year old baby but out of
all things to get me jelly slugs young
boys their heart I mean they're made of
jelly will you stick some sort of powder
on them okay there it is a jelly baby it
doesn't look like a baby Adam a nice hmm
Maynard's jelly babies mm never mind
more it has biscuit on the inside
caramel and chocolate on the outside
hey I don't really know about these
jelly babies but some separate comes
down for the jelly babies
okay thumbs up or thumbs down for the
boost I don't know what it tastes like
but I need to do the blast I need a
bigger Cup I do
come on would you like to drink
something together
okay guys around I have no idea me
neither man
Rock Paper Scissors shoot okay go once
again this dose oh yeah any boy bounces
bananas this is a break Andy I wanted
that but he's out having I got a pretty
interesting one on this is called the
curly wurly oh no it's a full pack one
skin by cat fur well Katherine makes a
lot of let me pull this out of the
package that soda and milk is not good
miss monkey went to go take a break
you I love it
Oh what is this bonkers bananas oh wait
you want to come here and take this
where that curly wurly what is gonna win
hmm jelly baby good luck
which one do you like more the jelly
baby is curly wurly or this you like
okay creepy face is back fun Thank You
Olli though I hope you enjoyed the
banana spray know what the heck I love
it
this is the last one right now I know it
I know it's gonna happen there are two
more candies one no there is not that's
gonna be you guys the one that's gonna
be a vegetable matter less it is not
gonna be two vegetable oh yeah I'll
reveal the book right now thanks for
watching everybody we love you guys and
if there's any other challenge you wants
to see let us know in the comments if
you liked this video give it a thumbs up
and I think that's it we're not gonna
fight anymore hot peppers today thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little theme will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice but
