hi yes I'd like to order a large pizza
for delivery Oh toppings hmm what do you
guys want liquor Oni uh green rivers Han
homies hello everybody today we're
playing speak out kids versus Paris from
Hasbro this is a super fun game because
it pits the parents versus the kids we'd
be to an advanced battle we beat you
guys whatever good thing Wow basically
what you do is you put in the mouthpiece
your partner reads those phrases and you
try to get this before the time goes and
you collect all the cards that you get
and the cool thing about speak out is
that the little mouthpieces are designed
for mmm we have adult cards and we have
kids card the kids are going to read out
the kids cards yeah little cards one of
you is going to have the mouthpiece the
other person's going to read it Hadar
lizard yard no I am ha ha strong little
lizard tall and small
Trevor's desire and some hot trouble
wizard smell and rock and run no and
shot copier type of your dumb do big
nose go Beto ought to kiss sales be
halls valleys eat all of my capable feel
ah he don't want to keep any people
huddled muddy puddles make something
magical me oh my goodness just break
even by the way dad's hair
click color to Hindi lending the broad
dry hair looks fun to independence oh
right there those dry hair risk alert
look forward to me too windy Wednesday
Wednesday
please be Rusty's the girly no we do not
see very much now three P Nazis no there
is none please do not be so merry none
so far the monkey 3 the adult - oh yeah
LASIK both floating it but a lot of
applause Alicia who will be there
waiting way later later later that is
all around
yeah yeah
the low head the mall head roll all had
a waffle hand around her closely to the
wall headlock - Walter look Milan and
once alone the bubble is just getting a
blow the bubble dead people are robbed
so much yellow front marshmallow
marshmallow frosting
Nick I figured body makes my fingers
them yeah this perky coughs in the
commentary on what no space for peacocks
in a planetarium Wow Wow eight point
eight and eight points car court oh hang
on I gotta court of wrangle banana head
of course our rainbow mangle bananas
hair is Jorge very sorbet
Harry Harry sorbet hey Larry get married
very scary
hey what what what a gorgeous mango
banana berry sorbet no next get Cindy's
mouthwash never mess with Mickey no yeah
yeah the first time everything is better
first time it's always inverse or right
show it's always in the right Chet it's
always run bro sure it's always in the
leg
like check right right Hey look
you're not right sure it's always been
the light shed right within the
brightness the crease toilet pair of
hands all are the three color cabinet is
awesome offense Oliver the three on the
cabinet over come back that one I did
not think we were going to win because
we were behind so many points I thought
there's no way but that just gives you
hope there's always hope guys you can
come back we were the underdog and we
won we go kit for the pennant from
Hasbro gaming of alien scar challenge
your kids challenge the parents let us
know when yes let us know who is got a
game good game
oh I just down some chick chick in your
hands she goes gee that was fun so much
fun next one what do you think we're
near all new thanks for watching
everybody please like driving leave a
comment down below if you've had to
subscribe yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you can subscribe if you already
have subscribed please forget everything
that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
