accion you like my hair does your
unicorn here front ponytail I figure
cherry I think it should be what do you
guys what should it be called I think
it's just a new style hashtag
Pro retail or hashtag front ponytail or
hashtag Yoona kale and Yoona tail so I
wanted to know what does Walmart think
slime should look like so let's just get
right to it like I know how you guys
feel look what can I get a business
warning
this set contains chemicals that may be
harmful if misused
if splashed me eyes are on pin right
thoroughly with water get medical
attention immediately it's splashed in
eyes not to be used by children except
under adult supervision not recommended
for children under 12 years of age what
the heck
all right well that sounds promising but
it's okay because it says safety tested
okay there's a hand holding the slime we
have the emergency standing by
meaning warm water and soap great
it comes with Lu it comes with all guys
still slimy well all yeah
oh yeah look at that guy's that's
probably the safest where you're going
next time you open up the package and
there's a slime guys thanks for watching
few even write subscribe and like button
what a million likes are you every day
okay first thing that like button
plastic bags can be dangerous to avoid
danger of suffocation keep this bag away
from babies and children don't open us
up okay so it comes with purple dye it
comes with pink dye it comes with some
okay they say make like crunchy slime
and add so dry so it is some gems this
is a package that they give you let me
count one with at least 20 it comes with
one huh I don't know if this is I think
that they don't want you to poke it with
your hands so you poke a with this yeah
they don't want you to decide
such blood and then this is to mix with
so it's got blue corn starch and blue
okay hold on let me read the same or
lower step one
did I eat why would anybody eat it
poor what okay 29 milliliters what does
they want flow down warm water is just
me in the video notes don't get too
comfortable sustained way up they have
it in this cuff and his cat Papa ha ha
ha ha ha ha warm water warm water thank
you sir thank you for being in the video
but two ounces cornstarch using your
mixing stick you don't mix with it so
I'd rather actually use it I maybe need
that for something else then I'll just
get the same size in my cupboard true
okay two ounces of cornstarch 1/2 a foot
don't do that don't do that all right so
let's mix it together I feel like we
need more water thing alright next that
half a flew down from you
is it a solid or liquid yeah I need 5
fluid ounces of white glue and mix using
your mixing stick so this is what it
looks like so far look at what it is it
does it's like oh it's like a solid but
it's also a liquid it's like it is like
it is like ok so now add the glue in the
glue I don't even know what this is
anymore no well that's kind of that's
kind of weird very sketchy quite a bitch
bit for your hand no no still nothing is
going sorry they think that we are
making slime but no it's a solid and
then it's a liquid
ok so you made a black yeah I need to
look and they can do this at home how
much did you pay for this I don't know
my boss you couldn't say it's $5 by just
making you like at home 2 drops acid
cool you got
there you go okay that's good mix it
with the stick that they give you
it doesn't help and thing is those
whiskey's list it takes so long pop up
up I got so you're not doing anything
I could totally look what it was mixing
here we got some colored Oobleck not
blind not slime at all
see this solid now when you put it in
your hand the liquid
well let's tease it poke poke check come
over here can you fold like one it's
like cement it's gonna get stuck on your
finger
what's that let's do it Jen
cuz you know I mean feels like slime in
my hand doesn't it looks fun we got it
on the camera lens oh no oh this is not
good I don't want to slimy gloop on my
cameramen it's not coming off what did I
fail now just fail in a house look at
that we just made it black that's not
fun oh yeah kinda highness all right put
your hand in I'm not doing my in there
you dare you know it's so weird or here
it is guys well it is kind of fun yeah
see I think it's life huh yeah look at
that look at that and then if you let go
it just breaks apart I actually like
this meet you I just hope my hands don't
burn how do I get rid of this stuff now
my hand is starting to burn alright
that's what the hand looks like and
reality
are you kidding
just look two gems in there this is what
time should actually look like maybe but
then some youtuber decided to say you
know what if I mix salt with gasoline
and stay flow and ink although it cookie
oh no gross Oh a little messy you know
plans always kind of messy what do you
guys think let us know in the comment
was this worse the body was like six
bucks at Walmart if you liked this video
please give it a thumbs up if you want
to see any other slime videos or
anything else okay yeah let us know in
the comments I'm going to wash my hands
cuz my fingers are starting to burn I
think no they're not
thanks for watching everybody please do
like subscribing Li the comments down
below if you haven't subscribe yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little fee will pop up and music
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just done is my radio board right
