can you help me with the laundry please
of course my sweetheart we're partners
let me help you oh can you help me with
the laundry please oh come on I'm doing
my fantasy-football you know how
important that is to me right I made my
special lasagna today your special
lasagna how did I get so lucky
oh I made my special lasagna today so
did you ever get the lasagna recipe from
my mom hey maybe I'm going to the gym
I'll be right back
you stay here you're perfect just the
way you are you're beautiful you're
perfect I'm going to the gym you should
come with me
I'm getting so old old what are you
kidding me if anything you're getting
younger do you want a time machine or
something I'm getting so old
well time waits for no one
well think of it this way I can call you
my old lady now my friend thinks you're
cute
that's nice my friend thinks you're cute
ooh it's gotta be Tina yeah definitely
no no no no it's Tracy it's Tracy for
sure wow you are one lucky woman to be
married to all this wow you know what I
don't even want to wear makeup today
girl you don't ever need to wear makeup
your natural beauty oh I don't even feel
like wearing makeup today
why not makeup it's like your face only
better
do you think I look fat in this dress
what look at you you're beautiful you're
perfect that words shouldn't even be in
your vocabulary oh do you think I look
fat in this dress
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
