what's up everybody
we know how much you guys love it when
we make crazy snacks so today we're
gonna do something fun and it's
sponsored by can you guess
take a lucky guess
okay how about now all right today we
are making crazy
giant cinnamon toast crunch squish and
it's really simple you basically need
butter marshmallows and toast crunch
cereal
okay so this is what we need to do melt
some butter monkey pouring the
marshmallows please there we go very
nice
we're just gonna mix it so you want to
make sure that by the time you're
finished there is no like nada goose egg
zepho zero like low it's almost like
slime like marshmallow slime you want
alright let's double up the batch yes
it's good you washed your hands cuz I
don't want your nasty paws in my snack
hey let's get some more marshmallow
oh right now my sister is putting
together the marshmallows and the butter
to make what are we making
what's your mixing faces please do not
do any of the things we do without an
adult present thank you very much
why not because you could earn yourself
and now it's time to pour the cinnamon
toast crunch how's the mixing going
going pretty good okay now it's time to
butter the giant pan
we got a butter this like crazy so that
we can drop it in there and then make a
mess of squares no what's next now we
pour in the mix again we're gonna hold
like asparagus
how's this look monkeys kind of this
smell smells like cinnamon and
marshmallow goodness I'm gonna make
another batch yeah use it don't use your
hands you're gonna bring your hands you
guys do that and I'm going to melt more
butter and I'm gonna add another batch
still cinnamon toast crunch squares I
just made
cinnamon marshmallow sign here let me
show you guys look and it reacts like
slime - hey alright so so far we got a
little bit of slime action yeah look at
that that's exactly like slime right now
we have a half of this container filled
so we are trying to finish the other we
just need a double slide DIY edible
slime and it actually like feels like
slime and you can actually like poke and
stuff like that
what slime tastes like do not eat slime
only edible slam this is edible slam
what oh it's coming along bottles there
mmm
how's it going monkeys you guys
spreading this okay we're gonna leave
exactly instructions how to do this in
the description down below so don't do
wedding oh yes don't worry nobody
alright we need another box we're gonna
get another box
okay buzz this video if you think we
should add more go in the comment to say
add more if you do not think we didn't
we didn't work name ten things in 10
seconds that you would do for summer
vacation 3 2 1 don't ice cream play
soccer play basketball eat watermelon
play with my sister play with my friends
and eat cinnamon toast crunch and you
make squares and then you already got
like 6 into something tenderly hashtag
sitting toast crunch
I would make sure you subscribe squares
oh that's nice
step 6 I'm here to kick you live but
that's what I would do I think we need
another half box where can I find oh my
goodness giant see them in smack squares
yeah butter marshmallows cinnamon toast
crunch delicious simple and
and very slimy but delicious slimy and
delicious if your parents don't like
making slime you could trick them into
making you some cinnamon toast crunch
squares with marshmallows because then
you will be stupidly making slime before
this cools off you can actually call
this cinnamon toast crunch slime yeah
let's see slime Wow there it is edible
slime cinnamon toast crunch style now
that we have cinnamon toast crunch slime
we need to press this back and make it
to a square my hands are clean let's let
it chill oh I know it's not clean don't
touch it don't dirty don't touch it so
now we're just gonna let this chill for
like 20 minutes until it becomes the
cinnamon toast good square is actually a
square is it so we actually couldn't eat
two square well technically this is a
giant cinnamon toast crunch square
because it's in giant sixteen by sixteen
square are you guys ready to see the
world's largest cinnamon toast crunch
square I think it's the world's largest
do you think it's one of ours I think it
is we're not sure if it really is but
let's see look at that guy's sixteen by
sixteen cinnamon toast crunch score whoa
look at that
why are we making so many snacks monkeys
because we are taking you on a surprise
road trip we're going to New York
yes Rome New York not Europe America
Rome New York why monkeys because we're
gonna go to the batting cages we're
gonna go go-karting we're gonna have fun
guys we're gonna see what small towns do
for fun we're gonna have a road trip is
not about going to like the huge
destinations is about going with the
family on the road we're gonna have some
fun and guys we need your help so let us
know in the comments what kind of
activities we should do on the road
while we're in the car let us know in
the comments or use the hashtag crazy
car cam and tweet us at AV family will
like it we'll check it out we might use
your idea when we go on a road trip
coming up very soon guys ready next up
Rome New York baby whoa thank you so
much for sponsoring this video guys
we'll see you again and now it's time to
pack these Santos white squares for the
road trip - thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little thing
will pop up and you can subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice but
