Hermosa Palermo sir como estas Hermosa
Oh muy bien because it says making tacos
today my beautiful / and most our wife
is going to make tacos for the family
and these are only ingredients over here
you know when the knives come out mommy
gets serious we are having fried chicken
tacos and cod fish tacos it's easy to
make it's delicious it's kind of healthy
but more than anything your family and
your friends are going to love it
more than anything I'm going to love it
so the first thing that I did yesterday
was prepare the chicken you need to have
it in the fridge for at least six hours
I did it overnight these are four
chicken breasts that I cut into strips
and in this goes salt pepper 2
tablespoons of Dijon mustard 2 cups of
buttermilk and paprika the first thing
that we're going to do is make the salsa
so I love a lot of salsa and I'm
actually going to make two batches of
salsa the one for a pop-by nine is going
to have tunnel pain you in it the one
for the kids is not I'm going to cut up
a bunch of tomatoes well look at that
the magic everything is all chopped up
and ready to go on next is onions I'm
using red onions you can use white onion
if you like
finally vegetarian onion there we go I'm
going to add some to ours some to the
kids and then you grab some garlic how
many good I'm going to do two one for
each chop and chop look at that fresh
ingredients we're going to add the
jalapeno to ours I'm not going to go
crazy with the jalapeno today now we
choose one line nope I'm going to for
half-and-half beautiful very nice mmm
beautiful last but not least salt and
pepper I don't pop up kids
Feldwebel fresh chopped real tell top
and you prepared yourself smells
incredible beautiful whoa whoa so into
the fridge while you make what's next to
mama B mesons lime crema nice crema nine
crema crema crema heresay creamer crema
Kuriyama one-third of a cup of sour
cream all right
that's exactly how I measure sour cream
when I'm using sour cream to measure
three tablespoons of mayonnaise I broke
this before I I'm sorry I broke it when
I was doing the cinnamon bun I'll buy
you a new one oh hey I need a quarter of
a cup of lime juice okay
look at that one line you just squeezed
exactly a quarter of a cup of one lime
you call that BAM perfect a quarter of a
cup of lime juice all right there we go
salt pepper
that's your crema crema
oh wow it looks incredible and how does
it taste
oh wow oh she's gone she's out okay we
have the salsa or salsa we have the lime
crema or crema and that what's next
red cabbage woohoo
this is a garnish that's a cabbage
Oh mr. squirrel would you like a taco we
have lots of tacos for you mr. squirrel
you don't have to eat this grass all the
time because we have crema made of lime
oh look at that beautiful color all
right so you just slice the cabbage in
half
I want these nice and thin aha no oh
look at all that cabbage mm-hmm isn't
that beautiful
yes you are five rings oh you're talking
about the cabbage BAM
cilantro ooh nice I love cilantro so I
always go heavy on this stuff so I see
it Landro sad joke all right so you're
chopping the seal and girl and you're
going to pop it in the bowl with the
cabbage yep we had the cabbage and we
got the cilantro Thank You Penn no can't
see is look at how beautiful that is
portable French fresh agreed what are
you doing making slime stay tuned for
that video
I didn't yeah I did something ha ha hey
come on I was making cinnamon buns
more lime juice
well we've made the sofa we've made the
crema la de la Isla de Lima and that we
made the cabbage with the cilantro
and I'm going to have a lime juice drink
after no well maybe margaritas with lime
as I mind you a little bit of salt
yeah and now you just pop that and I do
how's it smell amazing incredible done
salsa crema de Lima lime crema and
cabbage with the cilantro and a lime and
a little bit of salt a little bit of
niceness spiciness all in the fridge
next up we got the chicken in the fish
next we're going to prepare the chicken
I'm going to take the chicken out of the
mixture and I'm going to dredge it in
flour and what you need for the flour is
2 cups of flour 1 tablespoon of baking
powder 1/2 a teaspoon of paprika 1/2 a
teaspoon of garlic powder salt and
pepper I'm going to mix that now I'm
going to start with my chicken so I'm
going to take the pieces put in the
flour when I use this hand WTF with the
flour oh yeah there's some serious
dredging happening you know you
definitely want this coating yes on your
chicken so this coating do to be on the
chicken and you're going to fry it over
there right ok now I'm going to get my
oil ready to a little over medium heat
not too hot and then you don't want to
concern now it's time to fry some
chicken parental guidance is advised
be careful anytime they're fine with oil
please make sure there's a parent
present
ok
right oh it smells incredible already
we're going to let that cook for about
ten minutes I've turned the heat down to
about medium now and you don't want to
rush the chicken you want to make sure
it cooks thoroughly last but not least
the fish I'm using codfish I love cod
it's my favorite fish and I'm not gonna
add any salt it has got a very salty
already so you've already read half a
teaspoon of paprika for the freaking
half a teaspoon of garlic powder half a
teaspoon of cumin cumin for the cube
instead of Enid and paprika for the
pretense and I'm going to do a sprinkle
of pepper and now you just put that
special seasoning you made on the cod on
all the females now I'm going to brought
some butter
yeah there we go all right that was
amazing this mama B make the best tacos
okay I found this on the web for it does
mama be make the best tacos oh this hole
right now oh boy leave that maybe
another minute I don't want to overcook
it
get that mmm mmm mmm
if you're a fan of fish or chicken yeah
you get both options tonight as you can
see mama B is giving the corn tortillas
little toasty toast a little bit and
next stop
assemble the tacos oh the assembly the
assembly no assembly required well some
assembly required yeah quite a bit of a
sense we're going to start off with
chicken okay nice piece of chicken
chicken sugar boy that's gonna be the
fish oh wow
that's looking incredible some lettuce
okay
avocado now we're going to add our
cabbage Wow oh wow you've attracted some
beans look at this what do you think of
it look at the color isn't it pretty
Wow okay Ochs oh good
how's that minion oh look at am Anna oh
that's delightful fresh flavor Wow
oh my goodness yes there is it now haha
yeah the Piazza sauces are in the sauce
or salt our box you're going to end it
with cilantro ooh fresh cilantro oh my
goodness
that is beautiful you've attracted more
minions oh how does that look
and you guys ready to begin joini hint
ah those are my tacos I don't want you
to steal them we have our chicken tacos
and our fish tackle fresh ingredients
you don't even eat cheese for these
because there are so many fresh
ingredients on top the other leg you
have a salsa you have the cabbage you
have the avocado you have the lime crema
and of course public fresh Samantha are
those for me wait
good morrow yeah there's a lot more
cheers Cheers
mmm-hmm everything is so fresh all the
ingredients right beautiful mommy you've
outdone yourself they're speechless mama
B taco check how is it done incredible
thanks for watching everybody please
like driving away the comments down
below if you haven't subscribe yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up a music
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said if my radio voice bye
