we are here early morning because we are
waiting to speak to Amira the woman that
I'm going to need in Jordan she fled
from Syria with her family to safety and
they had resettled in Jordan I was so
excited about this opportunity and to
show the kids someone who is just like
us they're just on the other side of the
world who is a mom who loves her kids
obviously and loves her family so I'm so
excited her in a comfortable there we go
all right hi me too and eat up a meter
reader her husband in you got you Matt
nice of you Maru is the preparation to
put they wish they the whole family
could come to Jordan and thank you so
much I wish my family could come too and
I can't wait to spend some time with you
I will see you in a few days
thank you good fun enjoy and I promise
I'll message you every second I guess
day 1 of my trip to Georgia yesterday
was a very long travel we are going to
see a lot of places we're getting a lot
of information about the city itself and
the situation with the refugees I'm
ready for whatever it is I'm going to
experience and see because this is
what's happening this is real life this
is reality unfortunately for 65 million
people around the world and I'm ready we
arrived in the district of Mothra and
even though it's literally down the road
from Amon it feels like a million miles
away we are going to go inside meet the
family
I'm really excited after the Skype call
I had with them I felt like there was
already a connection between Amir and I
as two mothers and I'm really looking
forward to going in there and sitting
down with them and having some breakfast
together
I know that you've been here for four
years
how did you come here from Syria with an
asado allah allat nama soviet and
service personnel Oh one medicine de and
other pilipenko Socratic theory any
manassas overhead they are handle area
starter universal hair on multi-layered
reactors and what about the children
what do they think about you having to
leave your country for safety rule in
addition a political weapon of course
many other bastards name Odom Putin
fujairah
- thought Alice really ho vodka a fool
not total bitch Jionni with immature
young journalist when you literally just
came with the clothes ever wearing they
just locked the door and walked away
from your home just with your family you
know like really effective best policy
I am sorry for getting emotional it's
because I can only imagine that decision
to to leave your home leave everything
that you know to take your children to
safety like I'm imagining what that is
and and I admire you so much they didn't
laugh that is you Anna Mata Hui matter
what we talk about something it no I do
no matter if the brother's wife was shot
in the head unfortunately so she the
mother of his children
hey Tommy I rather like work and where
are the children
and the Holly and Basilian I'm trouble
on octi so his sister is raising them in
there in Syria back in Syria hmm
why was she shot in the head this is the
hole we've got cameras we cannot it was
a sniper he was holding her baby and it
cut I'll bother you
he was in her end
I meant of leave it that kinds you know
why you're not - pneumatic gun line up
our summer geography Alaska French young
Russian a little warm LED TV in your
video project and I'm all with you
honesty you can do a Spanish yay I love
how the parents encouraging kids to this
to go to school and obviously even
amongst everything that's happened they
have to go to school and they have to
get an education and so this is
incredible for me because as you all
know what I stand for education I love
education and to see a mom on the other
side of the world also encouraging her
kids is a big deal for me I just left
the home of Amira and her family and I
can honestly say that today with one of
the most emotionally draining days of my
life hearing their story what they've
gone through
seeing the sadness and pain that still
resides in their eyes the stories of
loved ones that they lost no human
should have to go through what they've
gone through we should all have the
right to sang to be in safety and be
able to walk down the street with helps
danger to ourselves and our children
thank you to the IRC for helping
families like their rebuild and survive
you
we have arrived here in the pool of
Colima this is her humble home behind me
she is here also from Syria she is a
mother of four young children and I am
very eager to see with her because she
is running her own business of sewing
dresses for local women and so she has
taken an entrepreneurial approach to
being here in Jordan and I'm very very
eager to speak with her and to get a
sense of how she feels about being a
refugee in this country
this is a beautiful home they've only
recently moved in you can tell it's a
brand new building and this is the
sewing machine that she sews on and
she's making beautiful dresses for
ladies in the community she very much
has the role of the breadwinner in the
home and all the kids go to school and
they are dressed
absolutely beautiful look at these guys
look how beautiful they are
say hi hi this woman is remarkable she
is such a strong powerful woman she took
the rein she took charge of the
situation and thanks to her she and her
family are living in this home and they
have income coming in and she feels that
she is supporting the family's
well-being tell us about when he first
came to Jordan what was that like I know
that you were in the camp for one month
vivid accounts about Sudan to pass on to
a new grant I am have been working
allows him and Madhu nebera Georgia
secured Amorian second similar unit if
our lava and relaxin and solution I was
gambling Hamas national or advanced
technologically I didn't I was free
burqa telemetry charlie many sequins in
majority hotel in telomere copper
aluminum a higher balance copper head
massage a baby Cobra asylum or fear be
led by dr. Elizabeth Asylum partially
digital Emma ko fair to say that any
psychological images the column or
digital to judge to the low Shui Shui
based adjuster
analetto Antonella to Bezos OTS de
lengua belly Fe Casanova high on a
mentor again notice I'm not all such
delicate and show marketability slogan
is available over Hector nos console -
Italian - whoa okay de can see my
internet the ribbon on the room are
being set of events and acaba yummy
Filipina come home extreme home start a
little Italian woman XMRV move in
Thailand we should be from humble AF
hippodamus fellow is that compared with
everything that you've gone through
leaving your country losing your parents
losing your brother coming to this
country and everything that you've
accomplished
you're not only a success story for
refugee but also as a woman I I admire
you so much for what you've done and I
can't wait to show the other side of the
world your story I mean I'm a specific
we know what's doing humanity for the
line there are so many messages that I
have for those of you that are watching
this but I can truly say that my number
one message is that we are all the same
it doesn't matter where we live in this
world what language we speak what our
culture is what we look like we all have
the same goals and that is to provide
for our families to be safe that our
children are happy that they have food
in their bellies and that we can just
find laughter and joy in daily life I
have personally seen the wonderful work
that the IRC is doing for refugees like
Amira and Halima
if you would like to make a donation
please click on the link that you are
seeing on the screen google.org will
match your donation thank you on behalf
of all refugees thank you
