Oh how's it going everybody welcome back
to another episode of the epic beatbox
challenge
what Korean affects the best beat boxer
in the world all right I didn't say this
is the other big box challenge we've
been that's about two years ago and I
think we've become better so today we're
going to see who is the better beat
boxer I think I am we know you're not
you're telling the kids are so little
remember when they were tiny buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh see were we B remember
that all right who wants to go first
yours over yet all right okay here's the
deal
Korean FX is going to drop a beat box or
two or three and we're going to try to
copy it and the best copy-cat wins you
ready
release the inner Donald Duck I know I
like I heard Donald up in there and
they're close enough
oh geez GG River from Rick ah
very similar yeah I don't know I can't
tell the difference
I've been practicing it's been two years
of practicing I said with the rhythm
there is yeah is it too late now to say
sorry more than just your body oh yeah
hey open up the navel cavities
alright here we go did you pop up a ball
about the barbecue GP did you pop up a
bar a bar
did you give I give you all the hard one
ha ha ha
I don't know the lyrics to any sound ok
name a song I don't know the lyrics to
it ah yeah I see a few Lake and nothing
in my brain that's what people say a lot
of people say go on too many dates too
many dates stay up too late right here
we're gonna coughing a crazy mother yeah
be humble get down be humble make your
bed
clean your room cut the grass hide your
wife get your kids be a dad
cito Gaston window knocking upon me oh
 oh oh I gotta do this
mosquito we one-sided a tsunami no no
she I see trees of green red roses too I
see them bloom for me and you and I
change in myself what I wonder for and I
think to myself what a wonderful world
thank you so much to Korean FX and I'm
going to link them down below I'm going
to put them up to you you guys got to
check them out he's awesome thank you so
much guys let us know in the comments
who was the best beat boxer out of this
crew right here let us know guys know
they're pointing at me thanks for
watching everybody we love you guys and
until next time
like any heartburn thanks for watching
everybody please like driving me the
comments down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little thing will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said is my
radio board bye
