okay three in a row and the bug life is
real baby okay here we go this is gonna
be some serious epic slow-mo hey mama be
ready
yeah what's up what is this it's like a
pony or a dog or a pig you know well
that looks terrible we talk Elizabeth
don't look like that when you're older
you don't like it when the server brings
the glass with their hand on top can I
make a request for servers
I used to be a server
and you please grab cups
for OCD people like me by the handle and
the bottom
and not like and putting it on the table
your fingers are touching where my mouth
is going and so on behalf of the OCD
community around the world thank you
very much this is a public announcement
on behalf of
no mommy
good morning and happy birthday mr.
monkey
this is Bob he says hi this is Bob when
the truck goes by you guys are weird
I want to get out
babushka where have you been what is
wrong with this children they're
undefeated spinners in the Pokemon did
see I broke my walking stick in trapdoor
we tried to open up a trap door but
there goes Julian what I can't get my
bed by rat I put you pull the rabbit
poor bed rats he doesn't know how to
blow hairdryer well that's my boy what
is wrong with her what are you saying
yes have a tree no sharks in this water
okay you're going to the gym and this is
your pre-workout meal a big panini with
a bunch of tuna you know you're running
a lot today right
you didn't have any other shoes to wear
these are my son's shoes and I'm proud
of it
tell me when to start recording skills
there's no way you can do two in a row
okay
three in a row and okay I'm done
you run into thee so momma's coming back
tonight and I'm actually watching a mama
B cooks learn how to make rice so I'm
making dinner and that's why I'm eating
a sandwich thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you've haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice bye
