u.s. foot and we give it to you now
dummy both versus but loss it's a volume
three this one guys
dummy food versus real food thank you to
vat19 you hooked it up a boxing I'm
gonna link them down below check them
out they got all kinds of crazy stuff
you guys ready yes they give us a whole
box of gummies and we are gonna step it
up today
gummy food versus real food some of this
food you probably won't want to eat okay
you guys ready yes we're gonna start
nice and easy with you guys okay you
know the deal okay choose wisely what do
we got here alright here we go
miss monkeys not happy this is the gummy
egg cold has a smell and you guys know
what a real egg looks like I actually
did that I tried to make it look exactly
the same as the gummy lemon is that
lemon yes the yolk is lemon and now I'm
gonna try no the egg white does it taste
like egg white honey how do you like
that hang and that just like egg boy not
miss kidding oh I don't know what the
white part is like the yolk seems like
lemon where the taste like like mm-hmm
take a bite out you oka do another give
it up give it a plate was he's like
lemon sour scale of 1 to 10 how are my
eggs 710 that was a 10 right there next
the first thing I love
that's gonna be the one that I want you
can buy awesome things from there I kind
of ruin the surprise but it's still a
surprise because one of it is real and
one of it is gummy so go ahead okay
wait wait favorite shoot Oh - OH
choose wisely Monkeyface we did bacon in
the pizza one I thought yeah real bacon
well this is like microwave bacon so
it's kind of fakin and gummy bacon which
is fake really fake bacon Wow chewy here
does it taste like bacon guys what are
the smell like it smells like meat
mm-hmm it tastes really good no it
tastes like a gummy bear smells like
bacon doesn't taste like bacon not it
tastes like a gummy bear that bacon
doesn't taste like anything actually
tried it bacon all right
next Rock Paper Scissors shoot Oh one
that was once okay all right cheeky
monkey
take your pick
this is so it's textured to put butter
on that one this is my waffle here's a
real waffle I forgot to put butter and
syrup on it can I have some syrup though
here it is guys waffle with a butter
this is gummy house like little bubbles
in it okay it doesn't smell like a
waffle to smell like butter no I have
some Sierra please good something smells
already much rise yeah if you ever see
me waffles you will see syrup with it
because I love syrup and sir how is that
waffle with syrup
mmm that's so weird that's that's so
here it it tastes it tastes like a bowl
this isn't a hole a bowl like I don't
let me board and really sour
oh they're kind of lemony mm-hmm you
know it tastes like it tastes like a
waffle with zero I don't think no whoa
I must be pear the next step of the
gummy food versus real food this one's
gonna take a little prep time really I'm
scared I don't know after watching guava
juice in the wet I would have in mind I
don't want to kiss them in the gym you
have this in a stew I'm pretty sure you
you gonzo restaurant and you've eaten
business - well I don't ask what's in
stews this is something that I actually
bought I went to the supermarket and I
bought this this is the decision of your
video so far to see who gets the gummy
food and who gets all right Rock Paper
Scissors shoot okay ah
why are you not in the shot I have to
stay by the camera why I know I don't
wanna has even a lot of thing you want
to do tivity it's your choice you want
to go
you don't have to eat it that is
definitely something you do oh ha ha ha
ha it reeks okay guys this is not a
human heart this is a pork heart there
it is a pork heart and that is a gummy
heart so here's the gummy hearts
and here's the food heart so let's test
out this guy's heart okay so I got them
at the grocery store who sells this the
grocery store people sell it they put
that in their stews you can actually go
to a restaurant and order like a pork
hearts - or a pork heart rice I'm gonna
give this to your grandfather and he's
gonna make a nice stew out of it if I go
to a restaurant then I would try to
crazy things but not a heart come on
have you tried frog legs yeah was the
other crazy things that you've tried
gator tail the pigeon you tried gator -
you've eaten pigeon what have you eaten
pigeon I mean did you know little trick
you remember when did you eat pigeon on
the road trip in Baltimore you had
pigeon it's nobody's business and then
use the beak to like clean your teeth oh
come on no you did not
right so what do you guys think pork
heart gummy heart which one tastes
better I'd say like the bacon and the
bacon tastes like the gummy bear so they
all okay I'll bring you something now
that is crazy and it's also something
that I found but I found it at the
butcher are you ready the butcher
they're nice people but who knows what
they chopped up in that little back room
right there
there was a freaking heart right there
I'm gonna put that in your bed hey Missy
you're gonna feel something squishy in
your pillow okay this one
oh I know what it is oh this is gonna be
better I know what it is they don't tell
me I don't want to know no no no what's
gonna be next next next next on the play
play play play is it gonna be gross or
delicious Ches Ches ah okay so before
you open this this is something that I
used to eat when I was a kid I used to
eat them in sandwiches you can make a
nice stew with it I'm gonna give this to
a whale Oh your grandfather and he's
gonna make it nice too because he's been
asking for it so as soon as this is done
I'm sending it to him he's taking it
rock paper scissors so this is what the
tunnel is I like every want to open this
I don't mind how does it has it work do
you think it's whoa it's that tongue
that is a gummy tongue so that means
it's time for you to reveal what's under
it oh my gosh
smells that is a cow tongue you had a
hamburger today what is this what is
this what I don't know what's in there I
don't know very very rough now the smell
is so you have hamburgers and some
people have cow tongue sandwiches
some people have stews do you think you
would ever want to have a cow tongue
stew or a cow tongue sandwich mmm maybe
a gummy told maybe a gummy tongue no no
neither one neither one I don't care if
it's a dummy tongue and the bread is
gummy I don't want anything that had the
name
tongue that's gross it's like having a
piece of steak and putting it down on
the plate it's just that's the tongue
that's so weird it's a count'em it's
delicious
gonna make it make stew out of this
we're gonna have this for dessert hey
you guys ready to take a bite yeah three
do hmm
how do we do that the world's largest
gummy worm thumbnail okay that's how you
do a thumbnail right thanks for watching
everybody let us know in the comments
who you think won this challenge cuz I
lost track let us know if you want to
see any more challenges like this if you
want to see anything else just let us
know and now it's time to make some pork
heart and cow tongues - thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the
and a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribes please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice but
