yeah yeah I actually realized the other
day that we challenged but we never
played Maddie had to lick the limb with
a little bit of whipped cream okay mama
B who do you thinks gonna win here ooh
this is a close one Bob I'm gonna bet on
the boy on this one oh boy mama B's
gonna count it down
am I the official umpire you are the
official umpire I take this very
seriously three two one go
this monkey is the winner
oh it's bit moist Roger yeah okay yeah
and then wind is blowing a little mama
vs. Papa okay
all right let me analyze it so it won a
goal where the person that lost wind but
it's right-handed or do I want to go on
that side row Andy one we're gonna take
those things off all right I'm gonna go
like this so that I had the advantage of
it being right-handed already going
where the previous winner went whoa if
your chin comes off you're disqualified
whoo all right here we go
I need a surface your shoulders are very
big because I'm gonna use my right so
I'm using my right head three two
all right you are a trooper GG monger
BDD okay here we go this is it we're
here you also proved that there was one
win on that side and one win on the
right so it is very equal what's your
prediction young lady for the wind today
I predict that my brother's gonna win
I'm putting all my coins on bigger
pillow do you want to count it down okay
35 34
Wow undefeated okay I want to challenge
you one finger left tapping okay good i
will still that will still win I just
you know it's time to beat you I'm
betting it on you oh no one's betting on
me ready
savage yo chill man okay this is what
we're gonna do now both monkeys are
gonna go I'm gonna hit for mr. monkey
three two one go
how's that I still missions look lovely
very moist you much would you like to
share your tips on moisturizing lose a
pipe a showdown for the grand finale run
finale it's going to be mama versus papa
look at your face in the camera it
doesn't even look like you had any cream
on your face clean dance but you look
flawless
alright let's go so who's hitting for me
oh I miss monkeys hitting for you
I mean miss monkeys hitting for you you
got to put your face right up in there
I'm ready let's see bring it in closer
oh no oh yeah do it to the top all right
here we go
three two one go
the challenge oh my god she's not gonna
let use of this bomb and that's it girls
wins all right there we go
thanks for watching everybody I hope you
guys enjoyed that I'm gonna link to this
game down below it in our description
and if you guys want to see us do any
other challenges let us know what do you
guys want to do next uh how about you
guys clean up thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribing ly to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
