sing-sing sweatshirt sweatshirt who's
ready for the Kids Choice Awards t-minus
a few hours to go to the Kids Choice
Awards we were there last year we're
super excited to go this year again and
we're gonna take you with us on the
orange carpet so first things first
ladies got to get glammed up hair and
makeup did so let's go see how the
ladies are doing what movies done this I
think I know if I somewhere look easy
glamour Zia beauty she is magical
because you don't need make-up
she just enhances your beauty she's a
beauty enhancer do you think you're
gonna meet Johnston I'm gonna get
jealous if I am
if you kiss John Stamos this is it as
soon as she sees them it's over the
plans are done she's just gonna keep
them to the side over the orange carpet
forever
isn't that right now bounce your hair
looks you're teasing it what are you
saying to it do you want John Stamos to
be your dad Uncle Jesse yeah so I
changed my outfit last minute thanks to
miss monkey we were both wearing
something completely different and then
this monkey looked at us and said
so we changed that means can you take
that off engine yeah they're always this
much traffic in LA
no never played on the colors mommy
legoland reunion here
sing-sing sweatshirt and if you need to
turn up the lights you had access
there's John Stamos you wanna wave at
him
what
tomorrow how you doing monkey you waking
up oh yeah feeling good good after the
Kids Choice Awards yeah you want to
explore today we have a few more days
before we start our road trip so we're
gonna explore today and we're staying at
this beautiful hotel what's it called
Marina del Rey like we really want to go
ride our bikes today and I think that's
a good idea I think it's a very good
idea dan from what's inside had some
amazing drone footage that he gave me I
always wanted to make one of those
really cool Casey nice that style videos
so we don't use the Casey dice at
styling
okay let's go ride some bikes this is
pretty much what I have to deal with on
a daily basis when Miss monkey hacks my
phone and then this morning I woke up to
this bless you someone has allergies
yo mama bees in her bike attire ready to
go we just have to wait for one more
monkey Oh are you ready finally what you
said bro okay let's go wear your shoes
oh man eventually oh yeah you look
gangster getting ready for the bikes you
need a helmet miss monkey I have it
attached to the bike so hopefully this
doesn't fall off it's pretty secure
and was a good try baby it's had to go
Oh sweetie raspberry smoothie yes Cheers
to beach day to beach day guys beach day
monkey is the Santa Monica Pier Pokemon
Central what is she trying to dupe you
into doing what
that's impossible you've never been to
the Santa Monica Pier we've been to LA
like 37 times months 40-volt happens did
you catch anything this mature water
how's that I feel like my smoothies
gonna fall out of my minoz don't forget
your footballs
what was your face no is it well let's
see everyone looked really stressed out
no bump in the rails
I'm gonna try to get that slow-mo that
slow motion that slow-mo slow-mo
they say man what they becoming boom
that's how you entertain yourself
instead of going on an amusement park
ride I don't need to get all spun out of
control and no sick to my stomach
nope you can just sing Italian song
stayin messin getting ready for the ride
home what do you wanna do now sit by a
fireplace okay let's go sit by a
fireplace okay let's go warm up before
we start this road trip yeah I need a
hot shower and a fireplace
I need a Dom Perignon yeah I just need a
pillow that's all I need right now all
right
No thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said is my radio voice bye
