hey everyone today I'm going to be doing
my first unboxing video for you thank
you huge thank you to Nintendo for this
video because it's amazing what they
sent so let's just get into it oh man
what we have here ladies and gentlemen
is the Nintendo switch this is what I've
been looking forward to for a long time
now okay let's see what's inside
what is inside the screen part of the
switch yeah let's take it out of the
package here Oh
majestic okay so this is the the screen
part of the Nintendo switch next we have
the two joy cards look at these babies
we have one neon blue and one neon red
okay so this is like a bluish joy Khan
right here and that's what it looks like
and this is what that one looks like the
joysticks on the neon red one is on the
bottom and the joystick on the neon blue
one is at the top that's good we can
just put that oh no okay Nintendo's
switch this is kind of like the manual
and this what is this my friends it's
nothing but that console look at this
Wow
this is what you actually plug in with
an HDMI cord or cable to your TV this is
the dock you put the switch screen
inside of here now
this oh that's cool it comes with like
an HDMI cable for it so you don't have
to go and get your own this is the HDMI
cable and then this for the joy cons we
have these two connectors with straps on
them so that you can just switch them on
and then you can just like play like
that you can just be like whoa yeah
that's awesome so when you're partying
you don't lose control and smash your TV
after that we have the charging so this
is like another controller that you can
hook up your to joi cons to it once
again that sound though ooh that feels
good
so this is what it looks like with the
two joint cons on it we have this is
used to like plug in the power for your
dock this opens up I think yep it opens
up like that
and then here is where you can put all
of your cables okay and that's it for
this box I want to try putting the two
joy cons on to the screen of the switch
start off with this one okay oh wow that
feels good it it so you just play like
this hmm you do bpop of you and this is
what it looks like we'll just put that
there
Nintendo also sent us a bunch of other
stuff this is the Nintendo switch
carrying case and screen protector
oh wow okay a screen protector this is
the case for the switch so you open this
up and it's like you can put all your
stuff in it
whoa okay okay all right so it's kind of
like foldable you can change it anywhere
this is the Nintendo switch pro
controller this is kind of like the
regular controller that you would put
your joy cards on you don't need any
java cons you just hook it up to your
console and you just start playing so
let's take a look at this pro controller
oh this has like a really nice feeling
to it oh you know what I notice you can
see little things you can see some of
the boards that they use to make like
the pro controller which is really cool
and then after that they give us this
charging cable for the pro controller
also it's the joy con charging grip so
it's kind of like the same controller
that you can play with oh this has like
a really good feeling this is another
USB charging grip Wow we're gonna have
like 50 and this is this isn't exactly
the same as the controller we got from
the Nintendo switch books because this
one is transparent if you can see
because the one that we got in the
Nintendo switch box was just black and
it was not transparent so what's really
awesome so these are what are gonna
charge my joy Kahn's
if I if they need charging and then last
but not least we have the ninth and
tenth and dad legend himself a breath of
the wild I've been looking forward to
this game for a long
a long time now you can explore hi drool
it's really fun that's what I've heard
so on our next video we will be doing
some gameplay of Legend of Zelda breath
of the wild so don't you worry
and one two switch yes this is like
League is almost the exact size of an SD
clip here ready guys ready ready ready
pretty whoa alright that's pretty
awesome oh my gosh it's so cute this
game cartridge it's like almost the
exact size of like an SD card and
there's this thing that says game is
hard it's like a switch and you put it
in there and boom it's in the console
look at that so guys this is how you
just put it in the dock you just slide
it in like this and boom so I hope you
guys enjoyed this video stay tuned for
some more gaming videos of Legend of
Zelda breath of the wild or any other
Nintendo switch games that you want us
to play I hope you won't have an amazing
day
but whoops thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said is my
radio voice
