hello everybody welcome back to another
squishy episode with me all right please
I figured I'd make it a little bit more
dramatic with the zoom No okay okay so
um I'd like to give a shout out to
Hawaii squishy shop that's the shop or
the website that sent me this beautiful
package of fishes okay okay so qui your
watching this I love you I love you so
much
okay oh the first thing that fell out of
the bag here from Kauai squishy shop
lucio squeeze squeeze squeeze and it
looks like a like let me get that zoomed
oh sorry I'm gonna do more cuz
absolutely this looks like a mini cream
puff with something like that except it
doesn't really have anything in between
so that's the first thing it's not very
squishy man I'm get I'm gonna put this
camera hey papa can you help you with
this chair like pushing it down nope
yeah it's all I'm good for
that's nice that slow rising yeah it
smells like butter I got this jumbled
panda bun and it's so slow rising and
squishy gosh
Wow food so sticky
it is just so soft that's really nice
man very slow rising something soft so
we just came out of my mouth okay I love
this I'm like loving this
it's a capybara Sanh cafe that's all it
says
so this is like a biscuit a capybara son
let's get yeah that's what it looks like
and it's very slow rising no it's so
soft I can't I can't even I can't even I
can't even explain it's so like you know
it's so so so it is so so still rising
it's like so soft it's a slice of cheese
and I love cheese tell me in the
comments down below if you like cheese
if you like cheese and you like this
video like like this video if you like
cheese so this is not really like this
swishy it says because i want to see
your face with a smile it smells like
cheese whoa that feels so weird I like I
like I want to kind of it and see but
like I love this so much
it's like very slimy it's like really
slow rising the blush part is the heart
and got egg face why are you here oh
this is Bree Bree that's it's called yes
please it's cheese that's one of my
favorite cheese's by the way like father
like daughter
you like breathe yeah that's your flavor
too yeah anyways alright sorry you gotta
really stress the quests wow this is the
croissant and is so slow rising and soft
I can just feel that it's soft yes this
is way more soft oh my gosh
it smells like croissants too it is like
so slow rising these are like little
tiny cheap illness they're so cute
one has little bite and it's pink and
the other is a full doughnut it is like
salchow and it's so slow rising to fly
for like a tiny squishy very impressive
needle it's so soft
Wow nice that noise sorry Wow
it is very soft and slow rising so here
I have a crazy idea I have the exact
same carrot except different packaging
and I have a crazy idea I'm gonna cut
this open I'm gonna do it but my other
one is so dense but it's at school and I
want to do it now so I'll put this one
oh this is gonna give it a nice squish
before I cut it open I'm gonna give it a
nice goodbye squish you know I'm saying
it takes like a long time to rise so
that's what it looks like I'm gonna wait
for it to rise are you sure you can come
with that sword no I can't do you want
scissors okay zoom in on this zoom in
zoom in you gotta really zoom in oh my
goodness
oh man you did it
I cut it right in half Oh what's inside
that squishy what does it look like like
like it looks like trypophobia like what
tranq a phobia
what strangle for you though yeah I
don't want to talk about that's what it
looks like it's so soft it really does
look like the inside of a carrier oh
it's a sticky it's so like like actually
I could just like still have this I'm
not gonna throw it out like so cool it
is so soft it's so stuff this is the eye
bloom banana on a stick oh my gosh
you smell like Ivana Kedavra in gaijin
Leviosa
know her more repel the katana
I like I just wanna like the fact I even
have a banana a banana on a stick
covered in strawberry milk chocolate Wow
I just feel like I bought Kedavra when
God loved you outside hello hello so
what's going on here it is so stuff like
this smell like a banana it smells like
the chest wobbly
it's tough I could smell it from here
sounds like an item okay so this was
selfish
that's a big ice cream you want to keep
the pedal solution yeah it's not thank
you oh it's not stopped it's cool to
have you know just feel like squishing
stuff so that's who my arms again with
tired oh my gosh it's like a little
furry fleshy of a banana it's nut
squishy I mean kind of it's so I've got
this huge it's bigger than my face Rose
cake from Hebrew I don't know if I said
that right like no hey no hey garden all
right
it's so soft it's gonna take a while to
lata to load to load man do they have
like a rose on it this is the side it is
so soft I'm surprising it's so squishy
all right like I can't squish tonight
and I already like squished it to the
core and this is what I like that it's
an egg but like it has like the funniest
face this is exactly like the equip
Eclair it's like not very slow rising
but it's like a squishy so it's kind of
slow rising hey snap right I'm trying to
do a squishy video on you do a little
snapchat action here what's up snap snap
chat us and it's the grandmas alright
back to the herbs dang we're like an
eighty five minute squeegee video today
so this is a heart-shaped churro with
pink frosting and like rainbow sprinkles
it's so cute
it did somebody say churro it's not um
you know what you got it on show me
don't tell me don't tell me it's put it
back that's nice but this is it your ohh
squeaking zero this is not very squishy
okay slow rising you do this anymore
nope that's what it looked like it's so
pretty
this is a chocolate-dipped strawberry
it's like nice to have is like a stress
pulse stress ball and just like take it
a school winner and it's like not
squishy at all these are onsen buns I've
always wanted these and this one is a
flush one I want the yellow one cuz it
looks like a Pikachu it's a very kawaii
it's very soft and slow Rylan
the last one is something that purple
banana had and I've always wanted this
it is a Hello Kitty bow macaron I've
always wanted this and so
the tag macarons are tasty and it is a
little is it that charata macaroon I see
my broom but like I say as I started
watching squishy biscuits
is it macarons it has like okay so oh
okay I don't know the squishy expert but
I like to see that some squishy
companies are not making super super
slow rising squishies because there is a
thing of having too many floor rising
squishes yeah it's little rising but
it's still like not super super slow
rising it's still got texture and now
I'm a pro at the squishies who you out
of all these squishies which one is your
favorite I'm gonna say the Rose cake
because I've always wanted these oh
that's very nice okay and this one is my
favorite knock knock who's there
no one cares thanks for watching
everybody that's it it's good no no no
I'm having a moment and thanks for
watching everybody
the squishies thank you bye thanks for
watching everybody please like
subscribing ly to comment down below if
you haven't subscribed yet please click
on the icon on the left and a little
theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
first is my radio voice
