how's it going everybody
let's go list next me so today we're
trying
so we have a good friend named Union she
went to South Korea and brought back a
whole bunch of snacks for us Wow thank
you come somebody now oh no that's
Japanese
oh hi not to set one two three in Korean
okay so anyways we have a whole bunch of
rednecks we have char grill steak chips
something that just says crazy
oh sweet chuckle gummy we have something
that says crazy hot
seaweed Chris sweetie I think gum tofu
steaks soy sauce chicken cotton candy at
the ball gong and insider chip and the
PIA sauce the resistance these are
chocolate I love chocolate pies and
these are matcha like green tea chai it
looks like someone already I don't know
who reached into this choco pie but it
wasn't me okay here you go okay
green tea chuckle pods macho taco pie
verdict
watch up hmm and today guys I promise
the monkeys will chew with their mouths
closed well we're taste test Oh
thumbs up or thumbs down for the macho I
think we should do the honey butter
whose honey butter chips I love honey
and I love letter and where the B family
so ok smell that Oh give it a sniff it
smells like oh my gosh that mean I think
right guys reach in grab a chip try it
out Cory yeah the Cory oh dear honey
butter chips oh dear oh my goodness
honey butter chips they taste like
obviously honey and butter but they have
it like a hint of sour cream you know oh
my
these are really good these are
unbelievable double thumbs up on these
ones tofu tofu tofu premium the only
English words I see in there's tofu
premium what's crack-a-lackin'
tofu premium sticks yeah let's hear this
all right oh oh that's our bread
oh nice with less sweet aftertaste marry
tofu breadsticks thumbs up or thumbs
down thumbs out okay so far a being
these South Korean treats are incredible
you want to try this what is that
sweet chocolate mousse see that three
times so you get a little crackle a
cloody okay they're like little balls oh
these are delightfully lowly little
Apple little chewy Apple pieces covered
in chocolate
what oh boy so far I love scape char
grilled steak chips Wow
wool what smells like ruffles Wow
steak chips using meat I just know it
smell like meat chips that taste like
meat Wow
I don't know I'm on the fence with this
one I love it honey you're on the fence
too I can tell by your face I'm on the
fence with the steak chips it literally
tastes like steaks that was kind of
weird I'm not gonna lie about that one
thumbs down
ah I'm gonna give it up sideways mr.
monk you like a thumbs up he wants to
eat you what seaweed chips or do you
want cotton and cotton candy oh let me
show the case first so you guys could
see this okay so there's a picture of
like this cute little thing
why don't you can see with me there it
is cut everybody calm down she just
refused freaking over this there's a
little bit of cotton candy there and
this cotton candy apparently changes
into gum when it goes in your mouth so
hmm I don't even know why they have a
fork it's very very not supposed to turn
to God I don't need their that's cotton
candy
okay mama B please mama B that's so cool
no wire
hey what turns into gum at the end he'll
who eat all that cotton candy that
literally turn into gum yeah
never go so good what kind of craziness
was out that was caught in candy that
turned it into bubblegum Wow this well
done well done Nick pan I was amazing
well-lit Korean fan Liz oh it's even
like stretching Wow
soy sauce chicken crisps
all those things you put these Corina
chip bags are like someone explored oh
yeah you Terry okay
hey do you look like a little pen name
is it Tennant it looks like a fanny pass
that is crunchy breathe it's a clutch of
penne pasta spicy how do this oh it's a
little spicy
you don't know please like chicken soya
sauce and spikes I don't know about this
whole like meat flavored snacks and like
chicken flavored snacks so the thing
about the Korean snacks is they just
don't have barbecue flavor they have
like barbecue chicken flavor barbecue
steak flavor like barbecue all kinds of
crazy flavor verdict along the soy
chicken flavored penne penne penne no
they're not bad names or crackers yeah
like that I liked it okay seaweed
currents your favorite too
I was like trying to open on the wrong
way mmm very civilized papa
look face married open you don't they
look very nice though I'm sort of
getting heartburn something green on one
side green on one side white on the
other what
tofu maybe it's
these are what surprise honey
corn flavor I think I know what they do
I think they rub like it's like a
seaweed and then they put it on the
other side they like wow well we gotta
give it is like above yeah green tea
dream cook how it looks like a look at
chocolate piece or something this is a
nice a nice little taste right after you
have some seaweed and honey corn crisps
I've never been so excited for
chocolate-covered balls so what are you
doing we're just rolling the chocolate
covered balls well mommy gets the ball
she gets a little excited with these
chocolate yeah mr. Bullock
like at the craps table mm-hmm there you
go guys chocolate-covered green tea
thumbs up or thumbs down with a green
tea dream we are down to the two hottest
looking snacks in the box we have crazy
crazy just crazy just as crazy and it
has like a like a dragon or dog like
really sharp see and then we have crazy
pots so I think we're gonna go with
crazy first Ziller cuz they look like
exactly like the
smell go hot penny how to dream a little
penny back guys Brenda penny I will do
the crazy ciao I'm Julian crazier
challenge okay okay so I don't feel
anything
it's not hot wait for it well you didn't
put it on your mouth
Oh challenge it's like not hot at all no
guys did you eat the right ones these
are hot man you got a kick we got a big
audience a factor is on low okay here we
go
what are we doing like the pretzel arms
here yes yeah crazy hot oh great a
hundred percent
crazy crazy hot and there's like a dude
flying with a fist and he's about to
punch you in the face and I think that
that signifies a punch in the face
when you get this beef jerky in your
mouth and there's a guy in jail in a
castle with his mouth already smell
this' like yeah his mouth is bleep all
four of us are gonna do this at the same
time and look at this I'm tearing it
like a civilized human being now like oh
look it's so hot that it comes in a
double pack
there's only like four or five pieces to
this awesome okay Gracie hot guys here
I'm gonna be civilized begun realized
okay guys do not touch they really do
not touch anything no when you play with
them uh smells like me three two one
oh that's really hot but it's good but
scared oh I can feel it but I'm not like
wow wow that was really good if you like
beef jerky I'm a beef jerky pickup it's
hot enough but you can still taste the
beef jerky yeah so it's not like gross
wila this is really good so if you like
hot stuff and you don't want to you
don't want to feel like your your eyes
are bleeding here you go little red star
red lips are red man you look like the
dude in the jail what was your favorite
mama bean if you were to be stranded on
a desert island and you wanted snacks
which one of these would you take the
seaweed my favorite what is the hot
really spicy jerky Oh crazy hot my
favorite many also like the seaweed I
would take the green apple we talk with
pulse thanks for watching everybody if
you like this video please give it a
thumbs liddie thumbs it up let us know
in the comments if there are any other
countries you want us to try any other
crazy snacks let us know and then we'll
like try to fly down there and take the
snacks or or you can send them to us or
you can send it or even send so much
easier thank you
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
