good morning where are we going today
New York took us all like that's where
we going today um New York what's taking
you guys so long to figure that one out
what are you playing who's that
I have no idea
where we going today mom
this is a Shakira Oh have you ever been
in New York during the day now let me
add nein nein so now we're going to be
New York City tourists five five days in
New York City
thank you that's on Meghan Trainor and
that's trig and Manor tragus naming
mommy's got her Wonder Woman boots all
shoeshines and boots on
we got to China shoes going to New York
City at mark New York you got I'm trying
to change when you get this be people's
anymore things
oh we go why family
please oh man welcome to the courthouse
the local time is 324 we made it to New
York City guys know what city that
doesn't sleep but you don't run a 26th
floor so we might actually get some
sleep tonight in New York but reading
the news I'm leaving today I want to be
a part of the city that never sleeps
some five where we catch all the Pokemon
concrete jungle where dreams are made
huh there's nothing you can do and
there's people doing presentations I
wonder what they're presenting it's
probably a status meeting look at this
building over here guys but don't all it
is I'm gonna say that a lot I think
there's like a ball over there a spiky
ball cool you like that maybe it's up
Hokie stop and here's the other room
it's like our room but reverse in New
York where people leave the leftovers in
the hotel room I don't gross man what
happy I like I want some spring rolls
oh this room is from 1997 don't touch it
here's a cake it's like a wedding cake
or something oh and I married mother in
New York
here's a tip miss monkey never eat fuzzy
spring rolls and or spring rolls that
look like a wedding cake lifehack going
out on the town
yes New York City mommy that's a nice
top you have tentacle Timmy mark not too
many times that's right
Wow so first time going out on the town
guys you guys ready I heard there's a
blizzard tomorrow so we're gonna have to
enjoy the walking tonight are you going
out to dinner you're going to uh look at
that mmm I've had this for 10 years
good morning new you what's happening
out there
a laser band it's blowing upwards the
snow is blowing upwards
that's how bad it is the blizzard is
real oh man oh man oh it's a little
dusting
you
I know I want this I want this I just
want to have this going all day long
whoa look at it
but there I think what happened-- trying
to step off the edge okay back to you
okay no more we're not going to do it
again we love it how was that was that
freaky was that crazy when I see
so it was a beautiful sunset
look at that back there somewhere I'm so
much in New York just so lucky you have
blizzards and then you have sunsets on
the same day like beautiful one
beautiful building and this mall the
oculus yeah I think it's like over there
somewhere
what happened nothing mama deserves
answers because I think though we didn't
expect to walk into a blizzard with in a
New York City sorry man no you are yes
so those are his winter boots right now
and then I went to boot no they're like
feel like speakers so we have to find
them boots you think they sell boots in
New York
yes
all right I think we can do love you
success works in New York okay monkey
you got your boots yeah you're all set
okay I think we had a successful day of
shopping and touring around New York
City for the first day tomorrow is
another day
and we might and we're going to go to
the new pendant and the Nintendo store
there's a whole bunch of cool stuff
we're going to do into around we see it
on Broadway we're to go see a wicked on
Broadway that's like a bucket list go
see a Broadway show so any action in New
York City now we're going to keep
walking around and hopefully something
invested for day one in New York City
you don't want to go home you want to
live here she and I are down in here
oh you guys are both going to live here
she decided that rain what did you
decide we're gonna we're gonna move to
New York City everybody no mean mama
thanks for watching everybody please do
it privately to comment down below if
you've had to subscribe yes please click
on the icon on the left and a little
feet will pop up a music subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
is my radio board bye
