hey guys you don't even have a stake but
I want to I want to do the whole hey
guys it's not good I'll just explain it
and then I'll leave welcome to the three
colors of cotton candy challenge
we got a legit cotton candy machine
right here because we got tired we had
like a little little tiny candy when it
didn't work so now we got a big one and
this is the challenge we got all these
beautiful flavors
aka colors that the monkeys are gonna
choose three each and then you're gonna
go ahead you're gonna make the biggest
cotton candy that you could possibly
make I don't have one so maybe they can
share with me later
no no blindfolds on rock paper scissors
her favorite cute tie oh she's good oh
she's good
okay and this be pick your three colors
one one okay give that to your brother
to to know your brother maybe you
shouldn't be blind for three three okay
reveal your flavors Oh pink
vanilla blue raspberry and another blue
raspberry but they're like different
colors one is tiny different tones yeah
one's the lighter one two darker okay
all right mr. mee let's go okay - one
two - three
very nice pink vanilla strawberry and
great so basically now we're gonna do
rock paper scissor to see who makes
their cotton candy first what gold Rock
Paper Scissors shoot what he's going
first each kid is going to make their
cotton candy you can make it as big as
you want you can make it as fancy as you
want so if you want to do flowers if you
want to make like a a baby's head for a
hat or a skateboard whatever you want to
do just make like a giant something we
can make a make a few mega giant
sriracha cotton candy if you want
to make a hat and I'm gonna make a
flower hello we're a flow where a flower
a flower before we begin and make sure
you have a parent or guardian an adult
present someone who's responsible to
make sure that you guys are safe when
you're doing this okay so don't try this
at home unless you have a guardian or
parents of course or someone okay now
it's my turn first flavor that mr. B
wants is three great bow smell the great
alright mr. B once more great if he
wants more grace let's go oh man huge
well oh wow you want those yeah this is
gonna be the Hat that's give me the Hat
yeah oh you're gonna actually like put
it on your head looks so cool from the
mill oh man it's gonna be a great hat
guys
now that smelly cotton candy this is
madness inside of this thing oh my let's
get that thumbnail very nice very nice
I'm gonna make mine this one first whoa
that is my hat is looking beautiful
right now I wish I could see myself so
I'm gonna go with the pink next alright
we're going with pink this is gonna be
just sort of like the middle part of a
flower pink on blue are you working at a
carnival or in my past life I'm gonna
grab this stick and then I'm gonna bring
it doing it all to the front I watched
so many cutting candy like flower videos
in my free time
oh wow she's a pro I feel the cotton
candy drop I'm gonna go with this light
blue so bring kind of just like bringing
all the cotton candy to the front and
folks I'm gonna make this
folks oh look at that no it's nothing
it's nothing it's nothing
no we're gonna do one more pink and then
I'm going to finish I feel the cotton
candy on my head all right kiddos I have
my flour cotton candy I have my perfect
cutting candy flour beautiful very
beautiful very nice all right time to
eat it we got mr. B's hat which is gone
yeah and we have Miss B's flower let us
know in the comments who made the best
cotton candy and I'm going to attempt a
giant cotton candy right now you guys
ready for this yes
that's gonna be so huge it's like a
wheel it looks like a wheel
sighs this thing oh you got a little
mama you gotta call mama one more oh my
god
oh my goodness guys there it is
mommy this is for you baby oh let's all
share guys we hope you like this video
if you liked it please give it a thumbs
up if you want to see something else
crazy let us know in the comments down
below I think we just made the biggest
world's largest cotton candy wheel in
the history of the world thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little feet
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
