tell your sister not the Cannonball you
like do not cannonball into the Legos
there's no way she's going to kind of
don't cannonball in we're all really
excited thanks to soo Miah oh yo I'm
looking forward to the room I'm looking
forward to the park
we're gonna build a huge house right I'm
safe to sleep in the bunk beds you know
those like scavenger hunt you lie
engineering looks like to see the resort
- let's see if mama gets kicked out of
Legoland this year I'm not leading this
time you have to respect the rules
follow them so that you don't get kicked
out yeah but first I want to take a nap
cute this place is cute it's cute look
how cute this is there's a cute dragon
looks brings back memories family yeah
it does yeah I feel like we were just
here we were
we're on the wall guys what's up Audrey
Anderson shout out to Aubrey shut it up
food mania reviews good mania we've been
waiting for the elevator oh yes I like
the elevator music just kind of calm and
relaxing I know you're only gonna hang
around to just stay here put your the
for the rising oh my goodness whoa
thank you thank you so much my goodness
whoa that's some inner animal Lego piece
of dudes oh no were they taken off the
trolley guys wanna go crazy for the
fruit guys I always loved how they like
make stuff for example like a bays or
like those things and then they like put
it or like a goblet and they put all the
things all the things yeah your Lego
table is that the shuriken shuffle
shuffle that's that that's one of the
booths yeah is that the moves this
tricky shovel they're learning legs and
jugglers right now we're super
competitive so we're gonna be we're
gonna go to the sugar can shuffle enough
there's like the fireball - so what's
that one so there's a whole bunch of
different moves we're gonna show you
that ride while we're here while the
whole experience a whole Ninjago
experience one
main attractions in a Ninjago world is
the 40 adventure and that's where
they're gonna be doing the jumping and
the shoe so excited I got more exciting
the monkeys right now daddy only at the
Lego place you can pretty much ask for
anything with those eyes guys well she's
doing burpees she's doing burpees Wow I
have never seen her be is so crazy that
she's doing she's doing burpees and
push-ups Oh push-ups all right monkey
burpees barfy's oh mama B's excited oh
what a view what of you oh my goodness
oh ho all right we're doing it it's
happening every room has like a treasure
chest and the monkeys have to do a
scavenger hunt to open the treasure
chest to see what's inside do you what
you doing - oh are you open didn't open
three two one
like my boyfriend he's got hairy chest
how's the bathroom look you can never
forget that you are at Legoland
where's the parents room please
the kids are over there the kids are
over here and the parents you guys
remember this from last year if you saw
the video already if you haven't well
you know you have to see it cuz I got
carried out of Legoland you got carried
out of Legoland Snyder okay I'm ready
for my cupcake now Mon I don't know
should we just um look at it how does
that taste
what's it like a fondant o'licious
what's it like to won the dude oh used
to hate his head how do they do that
that's amazing you just ate the Lego
dude time to eat the Lego guy
sorry I have a to eat you oh my good you
just ate the whole Lego guy wow that's
amazing
just to be clear these are fondant Lego
dudes in case anyone tries to eat a Lego
you shouldn't we don't want anybody
watching the video for susa like away
support for copying everything she says
yeah I'm not copying everything she says
cool cuz she's cool man
yeah right what's a really cool thing
that you're making is that the face you
make when you make Legos who's that like
that do you want to do an unboxing
how would Casey open that yeah oh what's
a double light
it was a it was a good idea at first
okay so now you know how it feels when
you leave your Legos all over the floor
and I have
is it relaxing it's not relaxing at all
you can kinda help cover up
oh my goodness this is actually easy
click on see how does it feel now they
do like mud baths at spas yeah it's like
exfoliating psyche but no you can't
cannonball you're gonna kick that up you
cannonball 10 or folks no you're not
gonna tenant bowling
tell her tell your sister not the
cannonballs like do not cannonball into
the Legos there's no way she's gonna
kind of don't can hurt yourself don't do
that you're gonna get kicked out thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice right
