I'm here for the Sun the sand the water
and the banana hammocks it's a beautiful
day for speedboat isn't it kids father
you're going with me you're going with
mama the away lives are going together
are you guys excited to go on speedboats
I was thinking a nice relaxing kayak
ride no I was thinking maybe something
really easy like riding a horse
no speedboats I whale is gonna be
driving pilot and co-pilot good we're
gonna have to race they want you to go
really fast Wow are you guys are you
guys are ready for speed you guys have
the need for speed yeah we have you have
this the waters look pretty calm so you
guys both you guys are gonna be so good
keeping we're gonna make it round you're
gonna make it rough ha ha nice mama B is
going to be the pilot miss monkeys gonna
be the co-pilot are you ready how's
babushkas babushka coming Oh Bush cow
wouldn't miss it for the world
babushka needs speed to live ride or die
baby need for speed all right guys see
what speed boats
this brings back memories long weeks we
were here just a few months ago on the
speedboats
they're excited they're nervous they're
very nervous miss monk give your bid on
a speedboat before ma'am model my eye
bag drops this jack dude wants you to
have fun join some time in Mexico George
is gonna take us out on the boats Wow
how you doing George this is the first
time this is your first date today first
date so the first day on the job
oh boy yeah well okay that's all okay so
I'm not going with George they care well
thank you very much I know we're in good
hands thank you ha ha ha see you
tomorrow
get in there get in there
by
whoosh the name winner
that's awesome how was that your
daughter was yelling at you the whole
time to go faster what I was I I was to
go on that one blank your waves were
like this so we were going over them
like this
so what's because of the vomiting so
what should I do next time then I'll go
faster sir flying that was amazing no
she wanted to keep going faster so on a
scale of 1 to 10 how fun was that whoa
ha ha ha
babushka are you watching the kids
babushka the kids what kids I'm watching
the beautiful boys on the beach over
there they are playing they are so
beautiful babushka I don't think that's
appropriate what is inappropriate about
it for centuries men have been admiring
women on the beach it's time we start
doing it other than the man on the beach
what else do you like what else do I
like I like the beach and I like the men
and they're like the sand and the Sun
and the surf look at them look how
handsome they are look at them jump jump
around jump around jump up jump up again
down just jump jump that's inappropriate
babushka I think I'm sorry who are you
it does not matter who you are and what
are you doing here in Mexico I'm here
for the Sun the sand the water and the
banana hammocks
it's a happy day for Mama B speedboats
and lunch on the beach that's all she
needs
I don't know if I should eat something
or just watch you dance all day mama B
merengue dominicano
in Mexico hazard because I know where
you get it from now see from Amalia
King elder Dennis
this
my
yeah y'all thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice but
