isn't this beautiful
you know we should do what go to the
beach no eat Mexican candy all right I
think we're ready to have some Mexican
candy because of course we're on
vacation in Mexico what's the first
thing that you do Madonna
put on Mexican little arrests no you go
to the gift shop and you buy Mexican
candy so today we're going to be trying
all kinds of crazy cool candies that we
found inside let me I should like to do
today we're going to be trying all kinds
of cool and crazy Mexican candies that
we found there's a whole bunch of
different ones here and I have no idea
what these actually are so why don't we
what was in the comments if you see any
things that look familiar to you
Cara why don't you open this one up why
don't you open them and we're just gonna
randomly try a bunch of Mexican oh
that's a nun have you had it was
like it's like do n space see hav aah
you act really action let's try that
Fritz on Java watching doesn't Mexican
hey let's put on the mat all right
oh that's so good
I know Jonas this is like powdery it
wasn't take a bite out of the done Don
Chavo white ate it oh it's squishy is it
squishy or is it like tell you what that
reminds them is too broad
oh yeah it reminds me to move on mm-hmm
goodbye to the donnager nothing don't
even see mm-hmm does it taste like
peanuts yeah I just like - Ron - Ron -
Ron now mmm that's amazing okay don't
tell liked it thumbs up or thumbs down
I like sideways arms down like weird I
mean like thumbs up
it's weird because it's good cuz I'm
looking at these guys with their thumb
down like are you kidding me you like
that there's like a powdery control I am
slightly okay mommy
what's that I don't know that looks like
a little tomorrow tamale - mama Kamala I
was like the tamale ate this morning for
breakfast yeah this looks like a little
tamale candy sack all right how do you
open up the tamale sack do it Christmas
in Mexico Christmas in January
Oh mmm what's that how do you save your
Christmas in Spanish relief now is is is
it poniendo is that pungent
it's not spicy just like unwrap it I'm
like scared to try it okay did it have a
label did you have anything on it
oh no that scares me because it doesn't
have anything on it okay Mina kids
baskets are all right peanuts cannabis I
approved by the by the gift shop so it's
got to be edible
what is that swinger reminds me of um
loosen amigo
what's the dose of mmm do reminds me of
like a cannibal membra j-- can do
I'm in video I think this is tamarind
tamarind maybe hmm I know that taste and
I don't like that you take a big buddy I
don't want to be like good stuff okay so
this one whatever was rocking a tamale
thumbs up thumbs super up that's what it
looks like oh that's got some heat to it
it doesn't hurt heat oh really good
here's the one I was worried about this
is tequila candy what gasps choking
space we have children on it so we're
all right so I don't think it has real
tequila dough fruit coconut milk sugar
glucose and tequila flavor
tequila flavor it has a gala flavor so
it might not actually have any tequila
in it but you know what which makes it
appropriate for the faces of the Jewish
package look at these kids look how
happy they are to get their tongues or
tongues are sticking out already like
they're ready to go that means you know
what this is it's tequila yeah yeah yeah
tequila candy for the children oh no no
that feels amazing
it's most small that right I don't like
this milk
no oh my gosh that smells amazing it
smells like play-doh
why no no no no no knows that how's that
if you love coconut it's coming on it's
really good I like the Copa outlet it's
like coconut with a hint of tequila if
this is what the flavor is this what
tequila tastes like no tequila come on
be good
let's see I'll let you know we're gonna
look more harsh than then but you can
really taste that coconut hmm that's
this one
tequila flavor I like it tequila coconut
did you try some and try it that's good
yeah all right miss my luck thumbs out
thumb down thumbs up particular Andy
thumbs down when you see my when you see
mom the little kids didn't steer me
wrong I want to try this one can we try
this one next
yeah whatever this is it's like a big
log of KL traditional retro Leno yeah
you know they got kicked out they know
yoga without no peach roll all right
no this monkeys like a pro at eating at
unwrapping Mexican Canyon only she was
done this determine what she's doing her
homework
yeah is when she's opening him
unwrapping her books it's like a log
it's like a gift from the from the
log-dog Yuletide log with the hair
that's so cool even Hey well they even
Hank is this listen you guys don't know
what's good oh it's like that's what my
dad would always say the last when we
were little and we didn't appreciate
something he liked you'd be like hey no
sabe lo que bueno I think it's just a
package of minutes now I think I got it
all right this is the
and the apricot one yeah are these it
approved by the FDA you know what that
looks like a big sushi roll it's like a
giant thank you she candy something let
me think that can be rolled let me see
that can roll well anybody want to smell
it
mm-hmm do you monkey I tell you that
I'll either I gotta take a huge mama B's
oh my how's that taste is it good your
taste is amazing oh dear
you can eat that all day can't you can't
you take it kind of like um it's like
the texture of like a tamarind with like
a peach sugary tamarind is like very
popular here it's very popular candy no
not for me
it's like it's like jelly like Akane is
like meat take a bite and think about
think about eating like a piece of meat
it's not why we have it in the meat bag
nothing to do with me papa and what kind
of meat you been eating vintage nd okay
thumbs up or thumbs down for that one
down down down down down I love it it's
the colors of the Mexican flag and if
you turn your over lit up hold it oh
yeah so you can see it what is it that
looks like take a huge hunk of bite bra
I don't figure well how did you pass the
sniff test
Wow good it's coconut coconut colouring
Wow hmm oh but then I saw it taste like
soap
no thanks for some reason I'm every girl
gonna candy start to taste like soap
after a while hmm that was like really
good that's really good yeah
coconut I'm down even thumbs up for the
coconut Mexican boy oh man I legit I'm a
feeling that we should probably
refrigerate all these candies before
eating them because they're all coming
out a little a little a little bit
sticky how's that whoa whoa you can't go
wrong with this ability no you can never
go wrong with anything oh my god how's
that aftertaste like a punch in the face
where is again punch in the face
reminds me of my childhood mmm like
pavement they really like there's like
ravemon I'm gonna be after taste what
did you eat Pitt thumbs up for the new
sail a ship thumbs out always dumb yeah
I'm going sideways it's got a little
pair you know what's gonna be going it
has a paradigm when it has a parrot you
know it's good like a little Mexican
Fuente one take Wow
okay there's something in there all
right it's the unknown pot of candy who
must've smell it first me cold room Oh
with the smell like oh mama B mama B's
got that face the face whoa
what does it look like that may be
getting pranked mmm come on come on I
like the little pot though it's like a
little clay pot that's it No
what's that honey it's like a honey or
lamb
Oh
la la la la Mickey called tentacle
tentacle veikko what is it I feel like a
butter is it like a butter or like a
cream no it's like um like a molasses
molasses I like it if anyone knows what
this is please let us know in the
comments what are we eating if any of
these candies that's nice I bet you the
way you eat this you stick your tongue
inside of it
no no I'm tree use a proper spoon like
normal human beings no but I'm sure if
you're a kid and you want to eat these
candies I'm gonna go wash my hands
this one says ah a toad a toad toad a
toad - Neely this literally looks like a
bottle of hot sauce and this was inside
the candy package so this has to be
candy you try it first just an another
fun thing it's smells like hot sauce oh
yeah yeah I don't know what opinion is
it's an alcoholic drink oh it's got 6%
alcohol Wow how is this is inside the
candy thing okay so the monkeys can't
try this ma fille she's ready
how is it
you know what tastes like it tastes like
Kahlua
sagamiko amor basi salut and alcoholic
candies well that's good one easy moment
we still have like so many to eat guys
these are nuts nuts this is called
peanuts candy bar
that's a peanut candy bar luckily we
don't have any I'm not a little squishy
this is I know cheese so right in this
one looks looks Fischer this one is look
they're all super squinching twin cheese
which in my house which is that that's
we're gonna tell me is everything tastes
better with a luchador mask
I know I'm Joyce porque phantom yelling
no those boy
we love you Mexico we love you guys
thanks for watching of your beaches and
we love your beaches and your people and
your people you people say it's a minute
and yours and your tequila candy see you
next time thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little things will
pop up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice but
