are you ready to become a pokemon
trainer yes I am yes and I'm getting my
energy
are you eating cheesy poof's yes she's
eating cheesy boobs miss monkey can you
please model the Pokemon copies that we
have okay mom okay mom here I have two
copies of Pokemon son and two copies of
Pokemon moon Oh together
it is mr. monkey has been playing for
quite some time now I've spent a little
bit of time building my Pokemon but
today it's more about teaching mama B
the basics he's gonna win you're not
gonna win I'm gonna win okay so there's
a battle so this is going to be a two
video split the first video is kind of a
walkthrough
and the second video will be a battle so
let's do a quick walkthrough for mama
B's sake mr. monkey do you consider
yourself a fan of Pokemon yes
do you consider someone who plays
Pokemon all the time yes and do you
consider yourself someone who's gonna
actually lose to mama
eventually oh yeah
turn up let mama B's right there
and then ed good man came on
moonlit night there you go Pokemon moon
Pokemon Sun baby Pokemon Sun is more
real-time so if it's daytime when you're
playing it's daytime in the game it's
nighttime when you're playing tonight
time in the game Pokemon moon is like 12
hours ahead and it is more played in the
evening in the dark right yes and
another thing is that Pokemon Sun has
specific types of Pokemon that you don't
you wouldn't really get in Pokemon moon
so there's like specific types of
Pokemon and Pokemon Sun that you can
only get by trading if you're a Pokemon
moon user so like you can only trade for
that Pokemon you like you can't get it
okay
mr. monkey are you ready to teach mama
yes I am good use this joystick and hold
B at the same time you know you mama B
then I'm running this is awesome
having mama B learn how to play pokemon
what are the three starter Pokemon in
this game uh there is Layton Rowlett and
Papa Leo Papa leo Pope Leo BAM I know
that how many different Pokemon are
there like types because mama has a
background in environmental study so
this is gonna be really fun for her
there is ground type fighting type
electric type water type there are many
what about the hypnosis type there's
like a drowsies a sight psychic type so
there are a whole bunch of different
pokemon and basically what you want to
do is you want to catch as many Pokemon
as possible and you're building your got
to catch them all building your team of
Pokemon so you have to find the
different elements and each Pokemon has
different fighting moves and you
basically choose those moves whenever
you battle them get it mama be get it
you got it
I got it mama Dee
this is your first official battle
challenge site teacher Emily all right
okay I'll try to guide you soon okay so
what you want to do is you want to trust
the information mm-hmm I knew what if
she power and accuracy so power is what
we're looking for
either cackler or a bitch you can turn
me page well it's not me just leave it
leave it leave it all right what
happened
it wasn't very effective all right Sun
Hat all right mom we'll be all right
that kind of brought it down a bit like
cash click on bag okay now go to an
alfresco ship potion and then press use
news and then press relat relat okay so
now you're using a potion to beef up
your rally
Oh Donald someone's going down going
down all right all right what we got
what we got
yes I did it is that mama B's first
official win yep mama B that's your
first official win how do you feel
I'd like to thank all the people that
believed in me I'd like to thank my son
first and foremost guiding you yeah
guiding you thank you for being a good
teacher you're welcome
that is awesome all right I want to win
more ah she's gonna keep going whoa
that's so pretty
evolved into a beautiful Metapod and
it's so cool to watch them evolve mama
be kind of a metaphor for real life yes
you change you do you evolve evolve this
monkey what do you have your Pokemon so
I have Papa Leo I have Rattata
I have Grimer I have a manky I have
grubbin and I have a Wingull a Wingull
Wingull so I have a Torah cat yes my my
cat I have an hora choreo Oh hmm how are
you audio with pom-poms
but don't let those pom-poms fool you
mama be my trunk make used to be a picky
peg and now it's done big that says
pardon all right I'm gonna look for some
Pokemon ooh all right there we go
there's a Pokemon mama be mad grant
watch watch and learn whoo Lilly pop oh
I already you already have a little pup
of course he already has a look why
wouldn't he have a little party Oh Donna
one shot Lilly pop oh really pop fainted
I get experience points
my tour cat grows it just comes better
tighter that was much bigger than Lilly
pop well that's the whole that's the
whole point
Lilly pop Lilly Peverley pop my up
you basically go around catching out of
it look a weld easy Oh
I'm catching it I'm catching it okay
hold on wait a second I think I know
what I'm doing now I'm gonna try to I
don't want me to faint because if he
faints I can't catch Eevee so I'm gonna
read scratch scratch okay I'm gonna
scratch Eevee bringi these power down a
little bit oh just getting my vocable
man I'm gonna use scratch okay now it's
time hi
oh no he's calling for help oh no help
up here
Oh your friends sold you out Eevee I'm
very sorry and now it's time to catch
you because your friend sold you out
got it yeah I like that
thanks for watching everybody Pokemon
Sun and Pokemon moon are available in
stores now or as a download in the
Nintendo eShop I'll leave some more
descriptions down below stay tuned for
our next video where we'll have a family
battle and we're gonna include it on
--is-- mint thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
points it's my radio voice bye
