I'm getting wood chanclas Oh
that's what we do when the kids go to
school we motivate ourselves we get
going
guess the people yes the people going
hello sweetheart how you doing this did
you wake up like this no I didn't a lot
of work I woke up like this this is how
I wake up in the morning well you want
to play this game is that this guess my
age yes my age like you know show our
camera crew baby show the camera crew
there's so many people here there's
lights there's makeup there's cameras
there's editors there's all the lighting
the professional yeah yeah it's all
professional no it's us it's just us
with a camera is that the jokes with all
the funny stuff to make you laugh yeah
we film it we edit shuttle to the
youtubers do it themselves shout out to
the raw all-natural the youtubers this
is what I use for the most part just a
regular vlogging camera this is kind of
a Q&A video because we've had a lot of
great questions and we had an awesome
live workout so I will put that up there
if you guys want to check it out we're
gonna start doing more of those be
family boot camp is the place to go
that's where we had families signing of
its website be family boot camp comm be
family boot camp be on family boot camp
because you say that three times fast
be family boot camp dot-com gods cars
how I speak proper English that's how we
do this we had over three hundred three
hundred fifty seven families sign up to
get healthier and challenge other
families with the houses of people sign
up on they're always challenging other
families yeah on it that's awesome and
the reason why we came up with be family
boot camp is we want healthier families
we want people to live a healthier life
so check out the website get some
information there we had a lot of
questions about what we have for
breakfast well we had a lot of questions
in general one of them was how long did
it take to lose the weight how long did
it take you uh it took me a good year I
think year year-and-a-half it took me a
year and a half mm-hmm till
80 pounds you lost 80 pounds yep
when I was at the biggest I was like
size 1618 in women's and now I'm as six
if I'm going for tacos all we're saying
about it is you gotta you gotta hit the
photographer's room in there and I was
over 200 pounds and now I'm like 175 180
and and I feel great and I went from an
extra-large
to a medium now now I wear medium thank
you okay let's go have a shake the next
question is what do you guys have for
breakfast as a shake we I think have
made the world's most healthiest shake
and it costs what $3 when you factor in
that we buy our stuff in bulk so when
you factor in the cost of individual
portions for everything it works out to
about $3 for a shake what do we have as
ingredients for the world's healthiest
and cheapest shake so we have a vegan
protein mm-hmm oatmeal pumpkin seeds
sesame seeds flax seed and chia seed
almond milk almond milk and 1 banana you
don't necessarily have to add protein
but we do we add a little bit of protein
we use like vegan protein just because I
know what's actually in this and it's
all natural stuff I have no idea what
goes in a lot of the proteins stuff so I
try to make sure I pick one that is not
full of like chemicals and stuff okay so
mama B step one
une banana it's got a lot of potassium
blend banana a little bit of almond milk
as a little bit of creaminess a little
bit protein all right we had the oatmeal
so 1 spoon of oatmeal 1 spoon of pumpkin
C 1 spoon of sesame seeds 1 spoon of
Lexi no one's for ya
you're gonna grow feathers before you
much I'm gonna top it out or down I know
it sounds crazy we're putting so many
seeds and dried things there but when it
mixes all up together it's great
and notice there's no sweetener we're
not adding honey we're not adding
anything to sweeten it because the
banana already has natural sugars BAM
take it out you ticky ticky ticky ticky
ticky drievliet Jackie Jackie Jackie
Jackie take it oh yeah to your health to
your house your help guys 2000 17 2007
here get healthy it's gonna be the best
year ever guys mm-hmm delicious it's
pure of health you're putting into your
body just a few times a week the others
we have eggs make almonds mm-hmm
sometimes you get pancakes
oh ma you're already here oh yeah thank
you very much okay so and another
question that we had was how old are you
guys what are your ages
okay Cal on a sone how do you say that
in French the real question should be
how old do you feel because I know
people that are in their 20s in their
30s and they feel like they're 60 they
feel old they feel worn down they feel
like they don't have any energy and I
know people that are in their 70s and
they feel like they're 30 40 a lot of it
is Outlook if you're smoking and you're
always negative you're not laughing and
you're not seeing the positive side of
life that can age you that can make you
feel older and also look older but if
you wake up every day and you know good
and bad stuff happens to everyone but we
have to survive it learn from it and
move on yep to the next thing so that's
what we try to do is we try to stay
positive we try to surround ourselves
with positive people and so I like to
always have good energy in the house I
always want to bring people around who
are like-minded who share a lot of our
same interests positive for happy people
and that's the great thing is positive
people encourage positive people then
it's a win-win for everyone does that
mean bad
doesn't happen no of course not bad
stuff happens to everybody but you
always have to remember the positive of
life what's the meaning of life
that's the age-old question and I
believe that the answer is to appreciate
it the meaning of life is to appreciate
life I believe that positivity rewards
itself so that will show in your face
and how you interact with people and
you'll be like a magnet to people they
want to be around you they want to be
around people who are smiling and happy
that's a very nice answer my mommy what
is Shanti mean peace oh yes oh yes oh
yeah
be family bootcamp dot-com I'll leave a
link down in the description if you guys
want to check up yeah sign up and get
healthy with us yes we love you guys so
much we can you let us know in the
comments how old you think we are we're
very interested to know well that's it
again say again okay let us know in the
comments how old you think we are
we'll make this face here don't get but
it's not lines than I've seen is this a
good face and you don't crows feed it
and then I can't okay with the lines
there we go do I do that too with my
face I don't know you you need to figure
out your own thing I'm just trying to
you just run do your thing on every
little Soho Oh like that you got to keep
them open okay that's the secret to
looking younger you got to keep your
eyes open like this and not smile look
really freaked out and pick her up
okay and another thing I like to do to
stay young at heart
