hello and welcome to a brand new segment
that I like to call which
monkey is more savage and today we're
going to find out who is more savage in
the game Super Mario maker for Nintendo
3ds so I asked the monkeys to grab their
new Nintendo 3ds excels and I wanted
them to create the most savage course
that they could come up with so they had
all kinds of options they were adding
goombahs they were adding koopa troopas
they were adding all kinds of stuff
fireballs and if they wanted to they
could actually share their courses and
collaborate which is something that's
super unique to the 3ds you could also
play a hundred Nintendo design courses
as all kinds of stuff they could do but
the main point here was the monkeys were
getting savage they had to come up with
something crazy miss monkey had to make
sure she had her Apple to get her savage
on mr. monkey was creating something
insane and now it was time to figure out
which monkey is the most savage let me
thank you my course like some people do
on cooking channels when they represent
their dinners piece so you're gonna want
to go here you're gonna want to jump up
all the way these are filled with stars
you're gonna jump over here and all the
Coopers okay jump up once again what and
then go through this door which will
take you here if you jump over these
they will not be defeated they will just
like break all the bones but they will
come back to life so you got to jump
over and if you and not burn in the
flames so you got to make your way over
here but you have to jump all the way
over to get the axe okay there are three
Bowser's oh and then that's it yes
that's the course that's a savage course
monkey thank you and I'm here with miss
monkey who is also quite savage do you
feel you built a more savage course than
mr. monkey I don't know man I don't
really know these days he's pretty
savage pretty 7fc
course basically it is that from here
and you gotta like jump through all the
things while the fireballs are still
going and the bullet bills are still
coming Wow and you're going old school
oh yeah you got to go up the step and
then you got to go more it's like
there's a jackpot over it I want it to
be so mean so it's like tempting so you
can like try to go up there but you
can't so and then unless you're like
really pro but you can't it's impossible
so yeah just to make you guys feel bad
there is a jackpot up there and you got
to jump over this violets down look at
those and then you got to jump on these
things without falling down you got to
jump quickly because all these things
can come down and you can be back home
you can't jump up or you can just get
back on here's see ya there you gotta
jump on all the goombas and then while
you're on it go quickly so you can get
to the top and go down the flag oh my
okay that's that's pure savagery miss
monkey here are savagery to it all right
here we go
you already started with the book with
the bullets pretty badly okay okay okay
I get it I get it I get it
ice I see I see No
he's my coconuts thank you haha alright
um oh come on oh I didn't know you do
that baby woman oh how much - yeah look
at all the flames man first try man okay
first of all the music is is is putting
a lot of pressure on me right now that
I'm jealous
both brings back a lot of memories okay
let's see here let's see here
all right mr. monkey
here we are okay
that dang star oh he did it
oh yes mr. monkey did it I couldn't have
done that I had to pass it over to mr.
monkey
this course is beatable miss monkey
savagery straight savagery straight up
slouched which one's this one from Super
Mario Bros u Super Mario Bros you okay
I'm supposed to like bounce off the
walls this is gonna be a long time okay
let's go why are you doing 50-second not
so much times already
oh you go now oh oh
but you were defeated you think I got
any I think I got it I think I think I
got it I think I better be good go win
enough I'm going this way I'm not going
that way oh okay you do it you do it
this is so easy
look at this okay let's let's see this
mr. monkeys turn miss monkey what do you
think first try he goes right through
the best try
if you get this a whole entire thing
first try
I'm gonna give you a cookie I'll just
wait okay
well you didn't even lose your
superpower oh I don't need a method how
are you even possibly even doing this
with okay I would have been here all day
I wouldn't even have ever reach this
part okay let's go through the door okay
mr. monkeys like a pro where Dee who's
ready this is how you do it
oh okay that was mr. monkeys course he
beat it
we should get mama B to play this she
can't is the way if you can't do a
chicken mama B do you want to come down
and and play this game again
this is mr. monkeys course that's why
he'll run fast and that's to move around
okay
why to move fast B to jump yes yes got
it you have to go bump bump bump boom
why the whole time
I want to go from there there it is not
easy at all ah yeah you don't want to
touch those bars and easy it is not easy
miss monkeys course is just as savage as
everyone else's okay you know what this
is crazy
yeah it is crazy this was which monkey
was more savage at Super Mario maker for
Nintendo 3ds it is available now I'm
linking some details down below what do
you guys think in the comments let us
know which monkey is more savage let us
know in the comments mama B who do you
think I think miss monkey oh yeah yeah I
think mr. monkey had the more savage
course you guys decide to let us know in
the comments who is more savage and if
you guys want to see another episode of
which monkeys more savage we'll come up
with another idea
let us know in the comments as well we
love you guys who's peas mr. monkeys
gonna teach us how to fight in a poem
because yes I am everyone hears no oh
look at their play David I didn't
actually play but ultimately a game of
football we have a football table over
now I want to play this but I want like
a course I can actually play thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice bye
