but if they sting me they'll die so I
hope they know that
we made it to the Rouge factory guys
previously on previously on a V family
we played with no liquid nitrogen yes we
do we made foam and we smashed a spoon
and we're here and we're gonna learn all
kinds of stuff more stuff more stuff
word Wow
Ford's got some really cool stuff and
we're going behind the scenes we're
going here the back door
very special for junior dummy I think
Ford has a lot of family members I don't
think he wants to adopt you what's
positive contribution do you have to the
Ford family what it what does that paint
which is gonna be a scientist we should
be a scientist I'm gonna work with um
Debbie you're gonna work with Debbie
okay cool yeah I feel like I'm gonna
music we are here we're in the Rouge
Factory this is like a museum here and
we're with Mary Mary she's an engineer
at Fort but she's also the beekeeper
so we're gonna go see some bees now the
bees are gonna go see bees let's go sees
a nice my sister and my cousin John John
B isn't it cool that we're at a factory
and we're to look at trucks being made
but we're also going to see how the bees
have an influence on the factory and how
all the greenery also has an influence
what does this all mean mr. monkey Oh
bless you Deb
damn oh yeah can't wait for you see the
bees oh yeah this is perfect for you
Mary's all up into it I'll get up in
there do you guys have perfume anything
on there very good prior to the
pheromone scent base so they don't like
sense okay so um they have a tendency
people who have sent to get aggravated
okay back I have that effect on yeah on
peace
the biggest thing is not to get in front
of the flight path okay so I put a
little bit of perfume on me this morning
but not that much I don't even know why
I did that they figured I'd be traveling
all day and I they want to smell and now
the bees are coming to say hi to me but
if they sting me they'll die so I hope
they know that and I run really I run
really fast that really don't be poking
at them in anything but they're really
busy these are all the female bees
they're the ones working in the male
bees nowhere to be found you just
hanging out did you want to come over
can you come over they smell me but they
don't really land on me which I'm gonna
look down at one point and my pants are
gonna be covered in bees I just don't
get in their way
I never would have thought coming to the
Ford factory that we would see a beehive
had defected to be Hyde's I don't know
if you should open up this if you open
it well these cuts are coming at us like
it's like a nightmare cuz they're busy a
little bit busier they're busy bees yeah
go busy bee all right we got I mean
we're here we're here I run really fast
you know what I don't have to actually
run fast I just have to run faster than
you
Mary's bees
Wow look at that
you're like the bee whisperer
I've never seen anybody grab a bee
because they're not interested in
stinging you you only do it when they're
guarding if you think I'm going to go in
and steal from their honey so much life
and love
sustainability
my heart is so happy he's really happy
so I because you think you know motor
company trucks so Henry Ford was a
farmer and he was all about nature so I
I'm not surprised to see all of this at
the factory and at the locations but it
is amazing the monkeys are looking for
what are you looking for catching up
there's one here's a grasshopper touch
dad oh come on
I'm Aries note bite you bite you Mary
went like this at the Beehive and the
bees were on her finger and no problem
don't let go of it you're like you're
like the insect whisperer
I never thought I would learn so much
about nature and insects at the Ford
factory rule five earth is so important
and we have to maintain it and now it's
time to go you don't want to go you
wanna stay here with the bees and the
grasshoppers now that we visited the
bees and we've seen some nature we're
back inside the plant and we're going to
really actually see how the trucks are
made I'm also a she the observation deck
this is a living roof guys so that
living roof is primarily designed to
capture water so snowmelt and rainwater
up to four million gallons of it every
year gets stopped by that roof and
absorbed by the plants slowed down that
works like a giant blanket on top of
that huge amounts of energy savings
because you're not having a heat or cool
your building as much this whole roof
right here all the way to the back
that's 45 soccer fields wow that's so
big do you want to go inside that giant
building
so they complete a truck and it leaves
at everyone every one minute
right it is like clean and organized
there is like a lot going on here
I see women putting together the trucks
to just being all yeah make it up for
the women in there you know Girl Power
Girl Power you can have a robot like
that at home to like measure how much
hot chocolate you make good about that
like that
Oh your dad would love this oh I wonder
what you love this
and we just want to say thank you for
watching guys thank you to Ford for
inviting us here for working with us on
this we had an amazing amazing day we
learned so much thank you for what
you're doing for our planet for the
sustainability factor thank you for what
you're doing for my kids and my
grandkids and my grandkids grandkids
grandkids Thank You Ford we loved
hearing about your story what an amazing
legacy thank you for showing us your
area and we just enjoyed it so much
looking at everything you do and all the
scientists with the squishy stuff and
that was really fun thank you so much
for watching we love you guys don't
forget to Like and subscribe if you
haven't subscribed subscribe and leave a
comment down below please it's commented
45 cents so that fills my bills
here we go Benny
thank you so much later sucker
later hater
