so we are on our way for a field trip
one day in Detroit we are going to hang
out with the people from Ford and where
they're having some rice colors
I don't know if we're gonna ride in any
race cars self-driving cars that they
have self-driving cars I don't know if
we're doing that today this is a very
snug flight but I'm okay with that
because I went up
the beautiful mama B Murray
Lord invited us to go
to visit factory visit a lab anomaly
when you think about Ford what do you
think about
big trucks big trucks motors cars but
they also do other stuff they have
sustainability initiatives or soy
ingredients that
in two years companies hem these
it's great because of our hardware
environment other thinking about future
generations
future generations so that's why we want
to take the monkeys with us to show them
that these huge huge car companies are
doing something to help the environment
we were in that White House that's right
remember we were their climate change No
there's a nice theme it's an earthy
environment you know texting re-birth
later her earth beautiful and I think
the second video is going to be good
morning folks welcome aboard my name is
anneka
I am here in church but it didn't apply
today to Detroit
all right welcome to detroit local time
is 955 AF for your safety please remain
seated with your seatbelt bus so right
now we made it to detroit and I'm really
excited because we're gonna see some
really cool stuff like cars cars made of
coconuts something are you excited my
friend I'm very excited my friend
so we're gonna go to a lab now and her
name is Debbie she runs the labs as a
scientist and she makes really cool
stuff and she makes foam like the foam
seat so she experiments with the
squishiness of the foam seats oh I want
to see how squishy you get to ask a lot
of questions but what kind of materials
they use what's uni what kind of
materials you use what is this foam use
it over the seats what's your middle
name what's your last name what's your
age those are the questions you're gonna
ask they use like tomato skins from the
ketchup and they put it in the car parts
they put money like old currency copper
no like bills like dollar bills they
actually shred dolla dolla bills
we go it's why so fast
oh here keep your jacket I'm not your
Butler
thank you monkeys look at all the foam
how's that foaming alright so there it
is they're there they're fascinated by
the squishiness of form where do you
think foam comes from now where do these
materials come from hmm they come from
petroleum you drill into the ground and
you get oil and then you refine it into
all different products plastics are one
of those product upper and I think one
day we are going to run out of oil and
so what we wanted to do was use soy
beans instead of oil now that sounds
wacky right Swee beans when you squish
them we get soybean oil so it's really
not that different we said let's make
soy foam instead of petroleum foam
eventually after five or six years we
were able to put soy beans in and make a
poem it's just like the petroleum based
on finite petroleum
a little softer you're absolutely right
you could be a scientist okay so you
guys want to go make a fall yeah all
right you see all the different things
that I've added but why don't you guys
each taking the pipettes fill it up to
about halfway
I'm gonna put it down here and you guys
can watch it it'll blow up a little bit
oh yeah
what is it cross-linking right joking
it's wrong
to the mall
right everybody run
yeah giant muffin what do you guys think
cool you see how it didn't spill over
that's because of that other reaction
that's creating cross-linking so kept
together instead of falling over the
side
yeah it doesn't pour over it just starts
going on so after you know five minutes
or so that becomes softness touch kind
of diplomas out there they're emitting
huge amounts of co2 what if we took that
waste stream and made material out of it
yay I know it's so exciting
really right even like that's the worst
gas way ahead of the gate we can already
imagine making materials out of carbon
dioxide Wow is it squidgy it's not when
you saw anything like your Bionic
opponent but it's really sweet you
should kind of really my thing so here's
the portion you eat the top all of the
straw is leftover now in 2010 this bin
is 20% wheat straw and it's in the Ford
Flex
so here's the here at the coconut you
guys can and here it is inside the
plastic yeah you can until juicy yeah
but it looks kind of cool too right we
gotta know what that is
money yes I can touch it money and then
when the money gets old you've seen
those gold dollar bills right they don't
go into the thing anymore when you're
trying to buy something and I keep
shooting them out the US government
grinds them up and they burn it they
produce carbon dioxide mmm that's not
good I can tell that there was studded
money in here he's like three dollars
but looks like when you mold it oh and
then you could put like $100 coins in Oh
two billion pounds of tomatoes they
squeeze every single year so this is the
leftover skins and seeds so think of
this giant giant pile of this stuff and
we don't have anything really to do with
it it may not be as pretty yet it's like
beef jerky but I guarantee it's the
world's first tomato based plastic
nitrogen I just recalled what is it -
200 Wow
just ballsy am i right so let's see what
happened here
there is you got your good fishing boy
that you like gum balls now it looks
like a noodle whoa like it stick oh
there you go wow what else can we put in
there else what else what else just a
person is stumble in water that's cute
you've got destruction on his mind all
right ready to better to get the
slow-motion mission together
all right let's be there any many for
you would be like the best babysitter's
yeah I would pay big money to have you
as my best babysitter ever best
babysitter's everybody frozen yet and
broken let's do my mom's jewelry is the
money in here oh can you even get a blob
of that money down whoa
oh this is like a coolest day ever
this is fun hey she's wheezing ha ha ha
ha Longtooth trip oh whoa yes much to
your happiness is completely full liquid
nightly and you guys can think about
what you smash if you had your own tank
of liquid nitrogen
yes everyone here are constantly hiding
some fun Wow like retreat this is like
trick-or-treat we're all scientists now
we're unofficial scientists that we
passed the tent looking you got the
measurements and you get the rulers and
the Pens Wow look what's the what's the
what's the hypothesis today what's your
hypothesis say we will be uh saving the
world one carbon new Neutron would
carbon Neutron at a time what did you
learn today's scientist miss modern day
you can smash spoons with liquid
nitrogen oh right what did you find in
the plastic today so you can make stuff
using shredded money or with the
scraping or would be on skin the skins
of I a tomato from Pines just got like
liquid nitrogen dumped over yeah and
that felt so cool my shoes are so
crunchy now thank you so much I really
appreciated thank you thanks for coming
let me thank you so much wow that was so
cool
you guys are hired as her babysitters
anytime will cover the flights that was
the best experience ever okay so this is
the first of two videos and that was
amazing education education stainability
saving the earth huge thank you Ford for
inviting us here for taking us behind
the scenes for forgiving the monkeys the
experience of their lives oh I'm never
gonna forget that yeah and it continues
yeah because we're going to the Roush
Factory now then we're gonna see some
really really cool stuff
you guys ready here back let's go
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little thing will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said voice it's my radio
voice but
