thank you
what's going on everybody
well it looks like it's that time of the
year again where it's that time it again
it's that time of the year again where
it's the holiday season and you know
what that means
Toys Toys Toys Toys for the a/v family
and has time for another toy Spin Master
send us Spin Master sent us up right
length this is a doll that sings and
repeats that for you and says a whole
bunch of funny things family I
introduced you Breitling isn't that
supposed to be for ages 4 and up well
yeah perfect because you have a mind of
a four-year-old ok I have four of these
so I have one each so guess what you're
gonna be singing with Breitling yay mama
B that's yours okay you take this one
you take that one and I'll take this one
so we each have we have quadruplets guys
see she speaks Spanish
I don't eat a voice of an angel you're
emotional you can do this too so this
little Breitling repeats everything that
you say and can say over a hundred
things and sings a whole bunch of
different songs so the last thing I
heard about these Breitling's is that
they play a bunch of music and they beat
box as well so why don't we use mama B's
Breitling to beatbox okay who's gonna
kick a freestyle you got bars oh I'll do
it man do it with Bryce do it for the
price huh this has to be the world's
first beatboxing doll um you got bars
mommy you got bars take a free stuff
sitting with the B family playing with
the Breitling's children play the
feeding with the feeding this just urge
into a beatbox challenge sitting with
Lee family chilling on the couch playing
with the Breitling's okay I think you
guys have seen it all you finally that's
it I think that's everything you've seen
on YouTube yo uh playing with the
brights you got a lot of lights I'm
gonna have some fun tonight
Oh Mars bar yeah bars and stuff like
chillin with a welcome everybody starts
with chillin you can't no okay now
you're not let's use chilly all right
monkey
let's see your bars you have any bars
you got bars what's up yeah it's time to
go to bed you got more nose hairs and
you do on your head wow thank you Spin
Master for sending us these Breitling's
I will leave more descriptions down
below and have a little more fun with
them now it's time to look away thinking
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand our little things will pop up and
you get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice but
