yes it's the first day of school
and I can't believe it's the first day
of school the first day of school why
can't you say Scoob do it Scoob first
day you see what's for lunch on the
first day of school mother I made you a
delicious and nutritious lunch with
something sweet so you have a sweet day
guys I'm so late for work here just take
this it's delicious
take this and this and this it's fine
don't worry have a great day I love you
guys bye I love the first day of school
I got my pencils can't forget my eraser
I got my scissors can't forget the
markers I love the first day of school
so much humph
don't forget your school supplies
okay class dismissed and of course is
the first day of school so there's no
homework okay class dismissed
have a great rest of the day oh yes
don't forget pages 28 29 and 30 I want
you to read them fully also for your
math homework I'm gonna need you to do
it question 780 gh and we're gonna have
a quiz tomorrow so make sure you study
pages 78 a 78 be 79 okay here we are
have a great day at school feelin I'm so
excited
I don't want to go let go of me I just
want to stay home I had the best day
ever I love my teacher all my friends
are in my class I sit right at the front
of the classroom today was the best
first day of school yet hey everyone
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little scene will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
right
