what we gotta do what we got we got the
helix race drone from Air Hogs this is
like a drone that you have used to like
race and it goes really fast and it does
really cool stunts and yeah it's all
made out of like foam on the edges of
the propellers yes it is it's like an ex
old frame that's on it so you can
basically push this thing to the limits
this is our first drone review so
thanking a Spin Master for sending us
the Hilux Road and sitting as a whole
hunter he likes it drones yeah we got a
bunch of helix drones here and we are
going to take them out of the park we're
gonna race them this is uh this is very
exciting area monkey we got it this is
the out have a nice little hot seat I
told you boy you listen to me I didn't
have it I didn't have a knife so this
drone is super easy to fly if you are a
noob in the drone flying community
alright let's see what we got oh all
right what you got what you got the
remote control oh all right got
ourselves a nice little drone controller
here now we just need to take out the
drone all right here we go
and here is the drone check it check it
but this is one USB charger so you just
plug it into a computer or a USB outlet
so that you can charge your drone
okay I might need a pen I'm gonna be the
pen and batteries over
is this like an indoor and outdoor yep
indoor / outdoor so when you start off
you might want to start with beginner
switch and then once you become better
then you can hit that probe switch oh
and it has like a little cool flip it
does like a front flip or a side flip it
does this really cool trick by flipping
that button - mr. monkey give it a
little spinner Oni before we get out
there and start playing with this ready
whoa whoa hit that button whoa all right
hit that slow motion let's see your
monkey drone flying skills close enough
close enough okay we're gonna get the
ladies we're gonna go out to the park
now and try it you ready mr. monkey yo
who's the prettiest drone flyer in the
family I was thinking it was mama B
there she is the cutest drone flyer in
the world hello yes that's how you do it
two hours later we're waiting for miss
monkey to get ready well we definitely
know you're not gonna get lost
flying a drone Lee is good enough oh
geez takes you flying mama B we're not
going on an expedition we're just going
to the park the flight rope I get cold
oh my goodness Wow
I'm not warm-blooded like you some of us
are cold-blooded okay what color is your
drone and it's like a like a pinkish
reddish kind of like uh looks like a
it's like a magenta like a I can't
imagine that calling it that's a red um
like a blue like a like a blue
greatness no oh she's all turn press
that up up yeah there it is AMI
Oh God I'm doing it it was like fooling
someone from the sky how's it going Ravi
oh no where's it go oh how you doing
baby I think I'm done I'll pull you back
bring you back what do you mean bring
you better get back
you like that Wow
okay well we lost one drone in the tree
oh let's see if I can get it well that's
what happens when we fly around trees
all right we love the drew all right you
want to hold this nice rocky turn you're
really good at flying drones you're sad
you think could you like am i cooking
cuz you're not gonna find you after them
you know you're breathless mine oh you
cannot have mine is mine where's mine
okay mommy give another flip whoa your
mama baby hoochie mama
oh yeah oh I just did a huge pilot dog
can you see that flippity-flip again
whoa
in 3 2 1
Khun Jalla angel
like they say mama be a family that
drones together stays together and
possibly loses a drone in the tree once
in a while she's too fast for you man as
she goes she gone she gone basically
while we wait for the drones to charge
we just play tag that's what we do thank
you to Spin Master for sending us these
awesome drones I'm gonna leave some
details down below so you guys can find
out more information thanks for watching
guys let us know who is the best drone
flier out of the family here let us know
in the comments below I think it was the
prettiest one ah mama bee thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice but
