see tomorrow
see tomorrow may make sure you don't
need any help with your videos sure I'm
sure right
hello today I like how I'll roll it like
special video for you guys to say today
and it's like this is an actual squishy
video really like showing you like like
like I'm not like let's go on with the
videos people so we're starting up with
the first one I think this one looks
like really cute and it's like it's
pretty it's pretty squishy but its soft
its soft like I really like it so
there's outside the package it's covered
in sprinkles these are like the
sprinkles are circular Sekulow sprinkles
teaching math class like valves every
squishy comes with like this little
keychain that you can put on like your
school bag so let's test this squishy
out focus
I want to bring these to school but I
have a feeling they're gonna distract me
in class so yeah bad idea let's discuss
xi1 number one this is my first squishy
package so don't judge me and I got it
from like a cheap store that doesn't
only have a slow rising ones but I have
this one that's pretty slow rising but
I'll show you this waffle so cute at the
end I have this other donut this is
probably my favorite out of all of my
species I don't know it's so soft and
squishy and it's pretty like I feel it's
slow rising but it looks like it's not
slow rising um
yeah I'm filming video so I don't know
who put the music out sorry I'm gonna
tell them I'm gonna turn the music down
my apologies she didn't know you're
making a youtube video I'll be right
back it's on my desk see how you do you
say you're doing fine but really you're
not it's like filming a YouTube video on
someone's mowing a lot or your phone in
the YouTube video okay Sam Smith we get
it you're good singer
this one out of the package it feels it
look how soft it is there are different
kinds of squishes oh yeah I forgot to do
a shout-out I want to give a shout out
to like purple banana 2005 sucka why
can't they DM all those squishing
YouTube gross squish it OMG although
spitballs I really like this but she won
I don't care if it's slow rising as long
as it's soft the thing is my brother
says that it's not as good if it's slow
rising because then you're gonna have to
wait five minutes for it to rise again
then you can squish them in another five
minutes the next thing you know you get
10 squishes in like an hour so yeah I
don't think you guys can see it because
it's so blurry I really like this donut
and sprinkles are going everywhere so
yet there's gonna be a bunch of
sprinkles on the ground let's seal it up
mm-hm
I really like these species that are
like not really so rising
I call it blaze because it's so glassy
and it's like that very like an emoji
excuse me this is one with on such cute
green eyes and like dark pink cheeks and
so let's give it a quick point Jean Quan
Chi if you don't want to wreck them like
I I take them out and I put them back in
the package I don't wreck the package so
I can just show my friends you know all
the squishy sound like the same kind of
cheap foam but it's like really squishy
behind and in front on the rear end and
in front you know what that really
little lab it's so soft but and squishy
but it's not slow rising I don't care
and I care what you haters think there's
a okay let's go stick it out of package
folded up the keychain oh no I just
ripped it I didn't rip the squishy I
just ripped the package and I'm very sad
about that because I was planning to put
it back in the package but I'm pretty
sure it still works so soft I love
feeling the back oh this camera I'm
gonna beat you up if you don't focus so
soft
oh I'm filming a video hair I hear some
footsteps what are you doing hey I just
feel that the glaze the glaze it looks
very glossy and I find that very
fascinating and it feels like chocolate
but it's not it's squishy I would I wish
it was chocolate I don't know what this
is called it has half of it like three
look like a quarter of it is purple and
then the rest of the half is like and
the rest of it is pink not to have yep
I'm gonna be a great math teacher when I
grow up kits it has a bunch of like
multicolored sprinkles on it so yeah I
really like this squish she's very
unique I've had it like really seen
these squishies and videos before
so you can't really see the kisses
Snickers oh this one's so smooth whoa
the dripping effect seemed so squishy
wow that's like you can hear that like
listen ASMR with miss monkey hey what
hey what that's ridiculous you making
squishy this is probably one of my
favorite ones oh yeah I didn't show how
it how squishy it is so I swear this
camera is so bad at focusing you want me
to tap the screen or something that's
what you do can you go now I'm feeling
very nervous with you standing around
like a little wacko
how many wishes are you doing all of
them all of them ah 19 minutes in oh my
goodness already got fast push 1 2 3
book box
dude that was a chunky one so yeah this
one is just a plain dark chocolate
powder and one donut with the white
glaze so yeah let's get this squish okay
what's up hello hi hi there what you got
there squishy
it smells like rubber okay can you go
thanks buddy
nice having you here and then once again
I fold it inside out on the sheet chain
so squishy like look at this guy's look
at that squishiness who's then fix it
there I see you over there and that's me
standing in the donut hole I just love
that on the packaging of some videos
like they say do not eat in like huge
bubble letters I just find that really
funny because there are some dumb wackos
out there that eat squishies
have my friend also zoom in like zoom
eight jump-scare yeah that's cool that's
really nice to do it like that
oh wow I've never seen it so squishy I
really like this one it's really jumbled
kiss my hand and this is the squishy
it's really big like it covers my whole
hand
jump-scare and look at that roll you can
really feel that this one is like a
really nice texture so I really like
this I think I want to take this to
school it's so squishy Wow
that's slower eyes this last one I have
for you guys is this really cute waffle
it almost follow the package so this is
like a cute little waffle it also has
that justing effect when you fold it it
feels like it's a good feeling you like
you know it's gonna be squishy like ah
like even when it rises with your finger
on it it's like oh so surprising like
it's so squishy and it has multicolored
sprinkles again this is what we want
like it's so cute and it's thick it's
not that I love this I want to take this
to school I say I want to take all my
switches to school but this probably
it's small it's easy to take in your
pocket in your bag it's easy to hang up
thanks for watching please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
and tell us if you like some of the
youtubers that I gave you a to and
please tell me that you love guava juice
because if you don't know guava juice
you've haven't been on YouTube this is
the oldest camera so this is the
aftermath
video suspicious everywhere man you guys
later
hmm you know what I really don't want to
end the video of me just going by join
the ground I really want to say bye to
you guys cuz I really love you guys so
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little things will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribes please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice but
