keep myself
yeah but show me give us a meal please
tell us why today was the worst
Halloween of your life let me get you
started here on my little story of the
day should I get my tea yeah I think we
need to get our tea
starting with my day today I came to
school I thought I was going to rock the
hallways of the school I thought I was
going to be the coolest kid oh look at
that kid he has a t-rex costume no mr.
monkey decided it was a great idea to be
a 7 foot inflatable t-rex at school
today carry on son that was a bad idea
mama be the I told you so please don't
then another death undetermined a death
sentence a sentence and temper
approximately two weeks ago I had a
conversation with my son I don't think
it's a good idea for you to wear that
fat to school it's not convenient it's
not comfortable it's awkward and his
response was mama I want to wear it well
moment please multiple let me wear it
and I said okay but I'm telling you it's
a big mistake
you're gonna inconvenience your teachers
your schoolmate don't wear it and he
said no mama please it's what I want to
wear let me wear it I'm like okay I'm
not gonna say I told you so
you don't really give me big billy goat
oh mama then it was not a good idea to
wear a seven on with the story I let my
water okay on with the story mister
monkey I got to school with my bag in my
hand my already my arm felt as if it
were going to fall off when I came into
the school I thought everything was
gonna be cool people were saying oh nice
costume that's so cool they weren't
touching anything they were punching me
they weren't punching my my big head
right here they weren't doing anything
so I thought oh this could be a good
start I was wrong I got into the
classroom props to my teacher because
she's one of the best teachers in the
world she loved my whole dinosaur
costume but her being a teacher like you
kinda have to be a teacher not to get
fired so she was like it may be a little
distraction to all of the other kids and
I'm like yeah okay yeah
so I took it off when I went to snack
recess I was like oh my gosh that was
one chance' brought my super cool
costume
and then I went outside I had like five
of my friends being my bodyguards the
whole school like swarming around me and
just all my friends like strong-arming
all the people so you had a bunch of
kids jumping up and touching and trying
to high-five your head while you're
trying to walk around and be a normal
kid at school we seven foot inflatable
t-rex costume yeah Ricky
everyone was like trying to bring me
down onto the ground one second I ran
out of tea thank you mommy
I told him it was a bad idea subdued
because I was so mad I wanted to punch
somebody Oh like like I was I was
literally barking at people but nobody
could hear me because it was just like a
plastic thing after that I got out of my
costume and I like everyone was like
when you yeah and then what happened
when you went to the dance were you able
to dance um no I got to the dance I
thought that was a costume contest and
that was the only reason that and the
candy that they were selling those were
the only two reasons why I went to the
dance
yeah they don't do costume contests
anymore everyone gets a participation
award someone should have told me that
yeah
so explain yourself so what was
happening during this dance so I got I
bought my two candies and luckily my
like my music teacher was right there
she was like a fat dancer like garlic my
bodyguard she was like pushing kids like
Alex so that they couldn't like touch me
and um I took the gloves off I like was
eating inside of the dinosaur costume
and I was just eating my candy Wow
everyone was like who's inside that like
because they couldn't see my face cuz I
was just like you weren't able to dance
that teacher that was body guarding me
had to go somewhere so she called over
two other teachers by the way they were
the strictest like I don't wanna mess
with those two teachers so they used
like they used teacher resources
yes to keep an eye on the kids that were
trying to high-five your head while
you're standing around and those two
teachers were oh my gosh do you were
like barfing like here okay so not only
were you told by your mother that it
wasn't a very good idea to wear seven
foot inflatable t-rex you now used
valuable resources at school when they
could have been teaching other children
maybe protecting other kids or really
just being around the school looking
after other people but you had at least
two teachers standing beside designated
to you designated to make sure that mr.
monkey did not get harassed by the other
children or was a mob even if they
weren't even going to touch me or go
near me
they're like yeah
so you basically caused a lot of anxiety
for teachers as well I can't really rest
them or else my whole thing will deflate
so I was just like this the whole dance
like this my hands were ready to fall
off
were there good songs at least there are
music something like what kind of songs
do they play uh PP i-- p uh do you on
that beat otherwise uh he Finn's there
was only know a lot of songs but were
you able to dance those songs no what's
the moral of us the moral of the story
all the time you should listen to your
mother
thankful for you do think before you do
listen to your mother and second of all
maybe next time you should wear a
costume that your mom and dad used to
wear in the 80s Oh No thank you I saw
those glasses on missiles I missed those
costumes those costumes were so awesome
in Denver mama be used to be Wonder
Woman in the 80s and I used to be GI Joe
and there were just plastic bags that
you wore and they would rip before you
left the house yeah yeah they would
always read a rip in it and you'd be
like wow those costumes they were cheap
but they were terrible quality terrible
quality and you had these masks and the
holes weren't big enough it was so much
fun so more on the story more all the
story listen to mama always listen to
mama oh hey mama ma scene in Spanish
comprendo Tim oh good good enough
escucha s quickie a la mommy I love ah
escuchame Annie escuchame ah you know I
see
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little things will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice but
