okay why are you making me get the
camera dude you let it dry your dude I'm
your dad you dad why are we so close to
the left of the screen there I was
relaxing tonight and miss monkey told me
get the camera because she wants to make
a squishy video hello I was watching
YouTube in life this is this is a great
idea you guys do it up Rijo we don't
have any squishies no I'm gonna do a
homemade squishy video and showcasing
squishies I'm going to say something in
the video that will blow your mind let's
get to it
wait you're gonna make a homemade
squishy today so no I'm gonna be my
hands are gonna be making it you want me
to hold the camera or not I wanted to no
no I don't okay what you're gonna he is
yes so for this squishy what you're
gonna need is you're gonna need a burger
some hamburgers maybe like one you see
how squishy that is look at that look at
that and then you please not waste the
bread I wanna make hamburgers with that
tomorrow okay why and you're also going
to need some toothpicks what you're
gonna do is you're first gonna grab
please papa but you're making me nervous
you're gonna grab your bread look how
squishy that is that's already squishing
right there right there right there and
then you're gonna grab one toothpick and
you're going to open up your Nutella you
scrape it around the sides to get like
some stuff bare so dry and you're gonna
grab the bread and you're just gonna
decorate it make like a like something
just make something just I'm gonna make
something and I don't know what I'm
gonna make I'm just gonna make whatever
I thought this was a squishy video this
is so I'm just gonna put a dot and I'm
gonna put that down whoever watches
guava juice I give a shout out to you
look at dad
you are awesome people if you watch Roy
guava Roy showed it to you guava juice
is he related to Alex
not really their friends they're not
related so basically I made kind of like
a cookie and here you go everybody now
I'm gonna do those awkward squishy
moments look at that slow rising look at
that look at that this is what they do
yeah you do this in a video okay I got
to eat that right now you know that
cradle is a huge waste of time
what next bananas we don't have anything
you check in the freezer for bananas no
okay what's next on the squishy list you
know what sounds weird though okay ready
this it all sounds weird it makes no
sense to me okay they're gonna love it
though the next squishy is this look how
squishy it is oh look at that slow
rising that slow rising what are you
talking about
a hair tie a hair tie is not squishy
look how squishy it is in the camera the
kursk Rashida's guys look at that slow
rising one small rock
if you're wondering do I have I don't
have any squishies what is she talking
about here's my advice
you do have squishes in your house you
just don't notice it let me show you dad
went over here chair pillow face look at
slower eyes
Maur beanbag brothers look that slow
rising Oh worried don't he's kind of
squishy no I'm not yeah beanbag
look as good as she disease look at this
slow right sink
look at that slow ok that's an actual
squishy guys you better get this pillow
I don't know where I got from it's so
squishy oh I want to take this to school
for stress doll thanks for watching well
MIT's monkey recovers from hurting
yourself from apparently being a goof I
hope you guys enjoyed that squishy video
roll dance I hope you guys enjoyed that
and if you want to see more squishy
videos or if you think miss monkey
should probably see it done to see a
doctor we're taking that let us know in
the comments corning yeah you definitely
need to see somebody thanks for watching
guys we love you it's not recording it
is recording thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
