good morning family
Ramona we are on our way to a very
special place and the kids have no idea
where we're going we wanted to surprise
them because they're still on summer
vacation so we wanted to take them
somewhere where we could have fun
together it's fun for the kids it's fun
for us can you guys figure out where
we're going
there's lots of Pizza we are gonna go no
time limit we're gonna spend as much
time there as possible we're gonna win
some tickets the kids are gonna have
their own tickets and they can decide
what they're gonna do with those tickets
and we're gonna hopefully have a yummy
lunch there yes and I promise I will
make it to competitive that's our family
we're competitive competitive when we
eat somebody games I know we might have
to do some competitive some competitive
eating family fun time so you guys can
stay dancing I'm going inside we just
want to have fun candy connoisseur what
are you excited for mommy you want a
plushie mama B's I think more excited
about the plushies than anybody here
that's Chuckie that's Chuckie she's very
cute e14 I'm gonna call you my Helen
handy because you're my cutie patootie
or two or if only they use this kind of
concentration when they do their
homework and they do when they're
dividing the coins at chuck-e-cheeses
look at the concentration kids math
skills you bring them right here it's
funny how quickly they become
accountants when they walk in here right
right look at this alright great they
can do our taxes
we got something
you got your own where's mine what is
the object of the game mr. monkey we
throw the basket yeah
she loves those like virtual flying
games awesome mama B I challenge you to
a little bit of basketball okay here we
go
this is it basketball challenge mama B's
been known to throw it down but you know
what it's time it's time to show her
who's the boss
oh my goodness oh my goodness mama B
wins
sometimes we're watching mama be win and
dance is the price for me I have to work
on my skills when I play soccer or I get
a little passionate
oh I still get the play family challenge
time Family Challenge time
alright what's this called mommy this is
called roller the ally roller who can
get the high score that's pretty simple
here it is the ally roller challenge
16000 for miss monkey 18,000 for mr.
monkey 25,000 for Mama B 26,000 for Papa
thank you mama Vega game to get gggg
nailed it
emergency emergency we're down to four
coins
I got a pump harder I need a bigger
problem
oh do the ticket dance did you order
pizza mama B cooks takes a break today
thin and crispy buffalo ranch chicken
let's the outfitting friskiness we're
talking for you oh my goodness a second
pizza
mom we got the peppers it is a pizza
I spend most of my birthday's here okay
so think about how how it makes me feel
right now being able to bring my own
kids here when I was a kid I was here
and now I'm here with my own kids
oh boy
mr. monkey pretty early to be mr. monkey
how about we leave them there and we go
play GG mama bdg man yeah you didn't win
the basketball was serious oops
momily how can you tell the monkeys
played a lot today
munch munch munch munch munch munch
munch bring it in
can I join the group hug family that
plays together stays together
