family it's time to check out the
pineapple sweet this is one of a kind
it's the only one that exists me in the
world and this is a behind-the-scenes
tour to see what it looks like this is
spectacular yeah it's amazing all right
guys let's go in let's do it
mr. monkey if this is chair that is a
nice chair you're sitting in SpongeBob's
chair that's a ceiling fishnet ceiling
that's just the entrance oh boy oh boy
this is the foyer of the home guys right
here
SpongeBob's actual pineapple sweet but
there's more oh my goodness oh you walk
through you have your private infinity
pool touch the Watergate special water
how's the water still life you got to
touch the water
does they feel like water it feels like
water that's an infinity pool so this is
what an infinity pool is where it looks
like it's an infinity it doesn't end
makes sense that's why they call it an
infinity pool
Wow the parties we could have here mama
B wow this is inside the Nickelodeon
Resort this is crazy
what this is like a little garden ah
mama bees making herself at home
everybody's making themselves at home
mr. monkey this is nice let's keep going
miss monkey there's so much more where's
your drink at a lot of nice Tiki action
here this is what a Tiki is Tiki style
Tiki spout look at this guy's this is
inside a little private villa inside the
walls of the giant pineapple nina's hang
out here if I stayed at the pineapple I
would never leave the room I'd be here
all day they would have to they would
have to bring me fruit they would have
to bring me uh what else pineapple juice
what's here monkey whoa
what is this what do you guys see what's
that oh my goodness a bubble picture I
want a bubble picture and there's
another one there there's another
porthole yes you really feel like you're
underwater Wow I would just be drinking
coffee and hanging out of the infinity
pool all day long oh the monkeys have
already made themselves at home here
monkeys I've been expecting you heavy
duty holds two monkeys very nice see the
ceilings so high they are that's amazing
oh my goodness look they got spongebob
all day every day playing all day every
day are you guys okay with that you guys
okay they're like mesmerize mesmerize by
bulbous foam hi mommy I think I found my
coffee table on s4 hot coffee table this
would be where I open it up what I'm
looking for mama B and I'm like where's
mama ba she's over there
yeah having a margarita oh is this the
master bedroom she'll seat that's those
are jelly corns right yes jellyfish
chandeliers only Nickelodeon this is
something so I want to be the designer
of this this must be a fun job to be the
designer of
I think I would have done a great job no
no I probably would have done a terrible
job
look at this look this is the master
bedroom right here witnesses with some
bulbous won't have playing all day and
this is the master bathroom
oh my goodness look at that
oh I'm gonna be you know how mom would
be like sir 3ds and then the little what
do they call this stuff the extras
here's something that is super super
cool momma be here let me demonstrate
and this is your private shower outside
you get an outdoor shower there's the
rain shower outside South Side it'd be
raining and wring showering at yeah
perfect and it's totally private oh look
at this what's this over here another
garden that's your room you do whatever
you want right now this is what I call
privacy and luxury look shiny and fun
oh and bathtub of course there's a
shower in here - is it a rain shower -
of course it's a rain shower and they
have the kids room they have the kids
room monkeys show us the kid's room
this is sleep little spongebob
squarepants song heroes okay so the bed
my mojo McCall it's the life preservers
yeah all right there she found her bed
mr. monkey it looks like you're sleeping
in that bed yeah Wow
a kids bathroom as well the kids
bathroom they got their own project
their own private bathroom up here yes
and not only that there's three air
conditioners in this room that's right
one for the master bedroom one for the
general area and living dining area and
for the kids room
so that it can be cooler up here and
that's how big this place is how much TV
look at this this is amazing I think
this is the ultimate resort room if you
have a family what else do you need in a
resort they get the sponge table sponges
like sponge themes and like water themes
and ocean and things and those things
where that whatever they're called
I should learn corals and this room also
comes with a private butler service so
whatever you need you call them up they
hook you up whether it's an excursion or
whether you want eight sandwiches and
you only have four kids whatever
all right monkeys do you want to stay in
the pineapple or go to the beach six
hours
all right we're off to the sky wedding
with your seed who's taking us monkeys
are at the kids club now and now to the
sky wedding to enjoy a beautiful sunset
mama B and then we're gonna meet the
monkeys after for the Nickelodeon party
inauguration the official in Okinawa
ASEAN to put it to practical have yer to
it your private teacher but she yells at
me too much in Spanish yes yeah oh man
Wow I still learn though you're the
student I understood puts me in
detention oh but I like it
I thought I had some nice kicks but
these cakes right here spongebob kicks
look at them beautiful and they're light
you're in dance tonight sir there you go
you're ready to go we're late for the
ball we need to go we need to dance we
need to go we just got here the party
just started
are you got random dance party going on
here mommy to get a turn
what are you doing my hairstyle looks
amazing Thank You mr. monkey you like
your hair
eventually that's it for the night mr.
monkey and miss monkey blue haired
monkeys you guys have fun tonight yeah
that's very nice Nikki Lurie and Sheroes
know how to throw a party
