you
good morning Barcelona
but Ilona that's it for our trip on the
cruise but I'm happy because I know
we'll be back there's an awesome trick
everything was perfect everything was
fun
generally a family
okay you have to go you cannot stay on
the ship you have to go we all have to
go we will be back we promise it once
everybody's awake and packed mr. monkey
is awake impact barely awake but he's
okay but he's okay miss monkey in her
fruity onesie oh those are flowers not
fruits they look like little
strawberries she's got her one piece of
travel one piece Oh we leave the cruise
today stop it stop stop
she doesn't like that because she's very
sad because it was such an awesome time
we made so many great friends it has so
many great move we're gonna have a lot
of memories stop see ya ok ok ok but
we'll be back we promise soon tomorrow
not tomorrow not tomorrow impossible I
say we're here for a month and we go
back here tomorrow impossible because
we're gonna be on a plane we have a lot
of cool exciting new things to do miss a
monkey we're going on another plane
we're going on many planes monkeys we're
gonna be travelling the world we're
gonna be doing all kinds of fun stuff so
why is it it's like I don't know I'm
like a week Hey yeah we're going again
somewhere so stay tuned for that
and listen let's get on a plane and
let's do this I'm interested to see if
the plane seats that we're on are better
than the ones that we actually came on I
like we share way select repair jesters
you like my brain but boy I need to give
a shout-out to British Airways you like
British Airways spies men like literally
the British people the British Airways
peeps hooked it up they're really really
cool they're very polite and very nice I
like hearing their voices in the morning
which is about the English breakfast
well how about
um I stay in the closet and I should
please I enter hey handsome at all
remaining of us come on down to deck
number three it's time for us to go no
let's go if we have to go thank you for
carrying lots of things mr. monkey I
appreciate it
you are carrying a lot of things miss
mama beans on the road again miss
monkeys on the road again okay miss
monkey tried to stay she was hiding in
the closet
yep did he decide but you know what
though that's the feeling you want to
get when you leave yeah right
you want to feel sad in an amazing time
yeah everybody had such a great time
everyone's so nice it was so sweet we're
giving hugs to everybody last night
could we plead that song which one oh
you guys you're gonna cry oh it was such
a sad song ooh I forgot the song um they
changed the lyrics to make it I said I
want the ship right I'm leaving on a
fond ship oh we're so sad
all right let's go to the airport guys
hmm I'm squeezing I'm squeezing I'm
sorry zit safe travels
hello nobody sneeze let's go Bobby we
definitely need to stay here for longer
than an hour next time we come to Spain
we're going to be here for at least a
week we promise at least at least we're
going home
monkey I don't think you're gonna get
that fancy seat that you got from before
but it says it here
I need Wi-Fi because well at this point
you would have already seen the videos
because you're on a ship they connect to
satellite and it's very difficult to
upload very very long YouTube videos so
now I'm gonna go and start uploading a
whole bunch of stuff that you have
already seen because this is taking the
place map you know you know I mean right
Oh
how come you're not you guys are not
helping my mother are you guys not
helping her whoa whoa whoa whoa hold up
here give me that
some airport lounge snacks very nice he
may be suffering as a sandwich II don't
like this
cilantro tasting
like tastes like warms warm cilantro
iced tea really served with women that I
kind of it's not lemon where's it tastes
like cilantro I'm just gonna the nice
little sandwich he dill going on here
that's a la me Saturday oh I'm gonna
have mine you know we're eating on the
plane too
monkey you found Tom Mison I don't know
if it's chocolate strawberry milk our
yogurt interesting drink okay try it
give it a shot not a word me cuz I think
it up
oh no it tastes like it he's like Oh
like strawberry milk like flattered
because you know how like milk is thick
what is that
i-it's a potato potato potato sabor
frisk Latinos were Fresa
you should try it
he's like strawberry milk yeah yes
flatter women flatter scale of one to
ten ten I'm even a nine Oh a quick
change why the why to ten and then the
immediate change to a nine because I
like the flavor I just like it better if
it was a little thicker like milk I
don't even know what this is B CH plus a
Mendte with ginseng and guarana
I know with ginseng Goren's men's mint
so there's mint ginseng in guarana and
it's got all kinds of like medallions on
it cuz it won a bunch of awards I think
I even open this thing we just pop it
with with the safety features on the
Mendte man he's a good'n alarm gonna go
off you do wrong so what is this you
guys have like a Mendte pilferage
problem here
probably even heck bitch me VCH reach me
jeez oh there we go
Wow interesting maybe I've never seen
that before is it for kids well try it
first we'll see if it's for kids
it tastes we don't like on your
toothbrush when it's like Manson nope
like toothpaste into a drink so it's
like the minty part of toothpaste
without the toothpaste and they had to
cover that
no sugar I like it
for this busy bitch
beachy VCH catalyzed like some
solicitous Spanish and ginseng mint mint
ginseng and guarana or Anna
okay not a big fan I guess
all right let's get on the plane as we
head north not updating our various
little closer to throw you become a
beauty this person pick out any
unexpected turbulence a fine a pretty
reason I switch the size back on please
return CC - positive
how did you get up on
how come you have a plot and the parents
don't have a pond I don't we have to sit
in the island you and your brother get
to stay in here you're like enclosed
from society
you got your wish is it cool to be in
there
oh mama B's out
should I wake up mama
aha yeah y'all
