good morning everybody we are on as you
know the Carnival Vista we're having a
blast I don't even know what day it is
I'm actually looking for the monkeys
right now because I lost them
I knew they're going to be up here in
the clubhouse but I don't know where so
the clubhouse is just one part of this
amazing ship where you can play like you
play like soccer what is this this is
home sky billiards there's like bowling
here is kids playing ping-pong looking
for the monkeys look at this pool table
massive foosball you have mini golf
look at this four-person ping-pong
there's the the what's that called
there's like the there's like an
obstacle course in the sky the Sky Ride
which we're going to try I found one
monkey there's the other monkey mr.
monkey we're gonna be doing Sky Ride we
are going to just be playing around with
all the crazy things but the ultimate
finale is going to be the challenge at
the water park you guys ready yeah Oh
miss buck yes revenue alright let's go
play some stuff you don't make more
person ping pong you can't do it I say a
person three person oh yes right
everyday we're stopping at a new place
and today Sicily we were in Malta we
were in Rhodes Greece we're going to
Marseilles we're going to different
parts in Italy we're gonna be want to
Rome there's all kinds and that's the
beauty about being on a cruise ship is
that you just don't set sail in the
ocean you go and you visit and you
explore all these amazing places this
monkey say hello Sicily Messina
all right let's go play some ping-pong
there's just too much fun to be had here
to have the straight combed hair yeah
okay you can't have perfect hair on
Carnival cruise because you're
constantly doing something awesome
there are so many things to do on the
Carnival Vista but today we're gonna
focus on one main thing the waterfall
great job they've done on those
waterslide like the best invention ever
here oh I can get you good you're funny
have fun mama B laters enjoy your stay
laters baby
mommy do you want to know any tips yeah
okay you got to use your shoulder blades
the back
you got to arch your back arch your
heels like quick dig your heels in and
use your shoulder blades kind of like a
bobsled why why so you go fast but you
wanna go fast I don't know
oh you gotta go fast on the moon oh it's
pretty fast
haha I forgot to tell you it was like
really fast oh my that was really fast
yeah that was super fast one scale from
1 to 10 84 84 get that carnival that's
like a thousand percent ah take a little
break from the water festivities what
are we gonna have now miss monkey guys
burgers whoo we're going to guys burgers
joint guys burger joint guys burger
joint
that's funny how you appear as soon as
we get to the front of the burger line I
had things to do like I got calls to
return calls wanna blow conference calls
with the ocean really no not really
you smell burgers how do you like the
fact it is a burger joint on the boat I
love it best view in the house so we're
on the Carnival Vista cruise right now
and this morning was crazy so far it's
been a crazy trip we've had all kinds of
food we've eaten Italian we had sushi
we had burgers we had tacos we had with
everything or the breakfasts have been
amazing here we had a tons of ice cream
and now our bellies are full we just had
our burgers
and now we're gonna have a little
challenge at the water park when you
land you go splashing into this like
track what is it like a lot like a
landing pad it's like yeah we're gonna
challenge each other to see who lands
the farthest okay mommy's gonna film it
she's gonna be the judge and we're gonna
do this I think I'm gonna go further
than you what do you think I actually
think that - you think that - all right
let's go get light it up let's get back
in there let's go
okay so we're going to go down this
yellow water slide right over here so
when you got out you stand where you
went are you ready yeah all right let's
go we got to find this monkey cuz she
wants to get his challenge too
dad always wins
dad always wins okay mama B feedback on
today's water park adventure on the
Carnival Vista a water park on a cruise
ship in pain it's not only just a water
park there's like clubs for the teams
clubs for the kids there's games on
every level there are there's like a Sky
Ride adventure where you can literally
like ride around cuz like a full-on
arcade guys it's like everything is on
the ship basically this is the most fun
ship in the world right here carnival
Hongkong hashtag hello Vista hello hello
Vista hashtag all kinds of hashtag you
done good you guys you guys get it
there's no fun with heavy there's no fun
without you okay more adventures to come
thank you thank you be family we love
you guys all right so we found some beef
family members here from Ireland how you
doing
hashtag hello Vista hello mr. hashtag
look it up any special terms you can
teach me in Ireland it's like wanna cry
what's the clue what's the craic yeah
what's the crime what that means
what's that one what's the crack crack
yeah how do you spell that crai crai see
what's the crack what's the crack what's
going on not much everything's good yeah
I'm sure he's cracking around mama B
what's the crack what how can you say
that to me ya know it's Irish it's Irish
yeah yo ha ha
yeah y'all
