three two one whoa Wow hey bee swarm
what's up guys so today is almost almost
almost the last day no no it's not
almost the last day don't speak 2/3 last
day I don't call it as a third last day
yeah right Emily we're still on vacation
I call it as the best day ever
we're going to be try now I think that's
miss monkey's favorite place if you guys
are ever in Anna Maria Island go to the
donut experiment that place is amazing
this is bananas yo what's up girls I was
there traffic here yeah isn't it like
Wednesday yet on the beach 12:30 in a
beach but that's where I fell in love
this this is sacred area right here that
the turtles have come up from the water
and they laid their eggs and so they
know by probably with little footprints
that this is where the eggs are
underneath and they're going to hatch
and they're going to put back into the
water so that's why they do this to
cordon and off to protect the turtles
and the babies all what are the monkeys
doing today put your wet sand on top
make you look a little bubbly so like
make it like a bubbly and on the sides
and then fill it again another layer of
dry sand and then what you're gonna do
is just put like a little piece of there
you have it awesome what is it I don't
know like Oh bubbly it is time to go see
mama B she's sit on a noodle oh yeah
no no mommy I
it's so beautiful look at the water it's
totally clear and it's shallow so I'm
standing I'm saying look how far out we
are Wow I feel safe about the kids
leaders this might be coming in riverton
best invention $2 the noodle the noodle
god bless the scientists that invented
the neutured you can use it so many ways
this is my favorite okay mama B why is
this the best invention ever the best
invention so this was $1.00 99 well not
if I know little bits and over I
generally use it okay you can use it
like this okay you got that
this right at the under the arm you got
the behind whoa okay yes my favorite
this is what I that's a good one that's
chill hot the sunshine you go like this
there she goes
and that is why this is the best
invention ever pound for pound dollar
for dollar best invention ever
oh you're the best I'ma be the best
comeback jack
come come back Jack do you want movie
that's from Footloose Dalmatians do the
song as one I've got experience thank
God and identity fun this game and Irma
she's Jack come back oh that's why just
come back whoa oh this is mr. Pokemon
right here you guys in the comments were
awesome the most seasoned Pokemon player
in the world
his name is bottle rocket he's hilarious
I'm gonna link him up
everything I do I did I did I put the
links I put the links bottle rocket I'm
putting a link click on that give them a
subscribe
check him out his family's hilarious he
does really funny things I think we're
in your vlog you need to be in your vlog
right you are can we beam your vlog yeah
okay make sure you tag me though I will
tag me bro
now tell me come out ciao ciao Mickey
Mouse you ciao ciao Mickey Mouse
chop-chop Mickey Mouse we're going on a
boat ride on a catamaran on a catamaran
have your bid on a catamaran for ya a
catamaran you do it
Academy
don't wait for road-weary excited yes
bring our baby seat so we're gonna go
swimming
Wow mama B you you match the catamaran
right
you're very matching this is my outfit
for the catamaran wow look at all these
these instruments
I just learned a new term shoot shoot
shoot the main view
we'd storm I don't see it oh that
Oh
how are we doing yes
America arriving at Eglin pier no hey
come on key egg 1 Peter are we gonna see
like whales wills
we see manatee manatee oh you see sharks
sharks
hey that storm came in really fast this
sail slaps against my ear and it took
out one of my earrings and it went into
the water and I don't know where it went
there she goes mama B overboard oh wow
that was amazing
yeah swim swim swim swim there they are
swimming away they're swarming to the
island
you look like a mermaid in the water
that was beyond amazing yeah okay I
couldn't take my camera but we jumped
out and we swam to shore and there were
like a million shells cuz no one's on
this it's just Birds
it was like we were sitting on a
deserted island walking around enjoying
we swam back we found this monkey's
earring I thought I thought it was in
the ocean it was being over mr. monkey
fell in we're gonna put it in there I
don't this music it's very soothing
it is the storm it is so fast that miss
monkey lost one of her earrings and now
mr. monkey found it from the floor not
in the ocean none yes but we did lose a
life preserver we're gonna try mama B
that's okay they only got up and split
and boom the lifejacket one Shirley I
listed
but up and it was we have meal
preparations going on down here
we got Florida lobster Wow mr. monkey's
favorite Wow
mr. monkey are you helping to make
dinner yes thank you sir a meal being
cooked I bowled you never thought this
was possible
sure my restaurant - Lobster and Florida
egg monkey-looking down here okay we're
coming yeah that's gonna be ready I
don't know if you guys know this but mr.
monkey is a huge fan of caviar and
lobster this is the dinner so there are
these little cute little cups with on
these like things in it they look good
nice avicii avicii
silly shit fruit and then what you do is
you grab the nacho chip and you dip it
in these I like this I like where we're
going here we're going when you dip it
in there and especially in there
vegetables
this is called caviar butters that's
caviar butter yes Wow
smell it
guess what next week we're going to be
on a cruise ship we're taking you guys
with us we're doing ten days on a cruise
ship in Europe next week so stay tuned
for that check us out on snapchat on
Twitter on YouTube we're to be on
Facebook just posting everything about
our cruise that's coming up so stay
tuned for that
all leave some more information down
below everywhere we go you come with us
family we had a lot more this is just
the beginning this is just the beginning
we love you guys so much beginning to
take in a most mucho you all your baby
okay but I know I love you very much
next time I fell across the audience see
you tomorrow
yeah y'all aha yeah y'all
