good morning everybody
good morning family oh mama B is making
oatmeal because we got to fill our
bellies before we go to the beach mommy
what kind of oatmeal do we got here it's
steel-cut oats
what does it steel-cut oat mama B I have
no idea all I know is that it's
healthier all right if you cut something
with steel it's much healthier that's
why I've learned right now
Oh steel cut oats almond breeze all
right and bananas and good quality
neighbors with maple syrup good old
maple syrup the good stuff not the cheap
one not that cheap stuff so this vlog I
think is going to be just a mix of
different things that are happening
because we don't really have any plans
we're just kind of relaxing and doing
whatever so if we find something
interesting we will show it and we'll
take you with us oh and last night I
forgot to show you we had this really
cute envelope here this is from our
friends at the Bradington county welcome
back to Anna Maria Island in the
beautiful Bradenton area we hope you
enjoy your stay and fall in love again
with our beautiful little paradise we
did so freaking komak is it not working
Oh Oh monkeys do you like it here yeah
should we live here forever
okay okay I think we found another
Pokemon it just went up under there I
can't believe I'm doing this
yeah there is what is it it's a new door
Nidoran you didn't I Doron if I lose him
I'm gonna be very angry okay so what do
you there he is there is I gotta shoot
him please shoot him missed him dog got
him you got him got him first try ah
when I walked across the street I
actually got him you did already got
this one it was a new Pokemon I got 500
XP Pokemon caught 100 XP and so 600 XP
all together what does that mean what
does all that mean
well I level up I'm a level 3 right now
trainer and what does that mean well I
just want to get done I want to level up
this one's poisonous check it out mama B
how you doing baby
she's like she's like living the spa
life on the beach is over dude he's
looking for Brad he's looking for
Pokemon aren't you a grown man girl I'm
gonna go follow him you don't even know
what pokemon is okay we're all living
the beach life right now except for one
person got him the crap did you find a
Pokemon I got a crab crabby what yeah
Robby where he's right there I don't see
it
he's no I I got on the capture him he's
looking for Pokemon this way alright
we're gonna find a Pokemon now what do
you see does it say Oh something with a
tail
what do you mean is just like a picture
of a tail oh there it is okay I just
turned it up all right so it's gone okay
wait a sec you know a sec you know I
want to go catch them I don't want to
film this we got to see what what it is
that everyone's gone
I had him I had a Pokemon oh he's gone
now I'll get stupid
I feel bad let's go look for a pokemons
serious yeah mr. monkey put on your
shirt let's go look for Pokemon let's go
find some I just had one your dad made
me lose it
you want to go find some pokemons mommy
no you want to go into the beautiful
water with me yeah let's go in the water
your husband is very tired down that's
what you get for chasing pokemon around
he's like when did he put on his Fitbit
and went to chase Pokemon do you did you
just like 500 steps okay laughing hey
whatever it takes
mmm mommy do want me to bury you mama be
loves the beach when you finally went to
go do anything they sing movie can you
listen to the music thing oh wait Oh
jungle ball wild you'll go to table
better when I'm dancing yeah we could do
this together this so then you do a lot
of gear for going this there's a lot of
gear
we got fishing nets mr. monkey we have a
lot of gear for the beach mama B what do
you got oh my arms I'm like trying to
hold the camera and like whole outs like
all these bags where's your noodle man
who's your noodle
I have no idea where my noodle is mommy
look the clouds they almost look like
they're drawn hashtag fake clouds
whenever there's like a nice beach day
we're gonna say hashtag fake clouds hey
mister bottle rocket how you doing good
good how're you guys great doing great a
lot of energy buddy yeah lots of energy
how's your compete level this morning
very good very good oh like you got you
got your son shirt yeah I'm going full
dad when I got my hat that is full dad
mode there it is full dad mode right
here son pack son out of your head off
your lettuce yep sunglasses a woman's
sunglass women's sunglasses and then a
little turtle water shirt and and Crocs
we got the frisbee now why do I get set
for the male sporting events the males
are gonna play football
excuse me she's gonna fight you
she'll fight you right now figuring
mommy will fight you oh yeah
you're lucky the umbrellas separating us
bottle rocket and I are gonna try to
expand stance on the beach
sometimes it's vtune yeah I don't we
didn't talk about
she did spiritual
the pokey none have been waiting for
this we finally got it the ride the
beach ride you ready to roll
seatbelts seatbelts yes
it's good enough yeah this is good
Goodspeed I just don't want to go too
fast so the speed limit here is 25 you
know I could tell because there's like
that little thing over there that tells
us you know what I always wanted to do
we are on our way to have a special
dinner with a very special gentleman
named ed childs who he helped build he
was at the Anna Maria Island he was a
visionary of what Anna Maria Island
could be and now is which is heaven
which is a beautiful place and it's
sustainable it's green and he's got
these like green initiatives so many
amazing things that he's done it's
always local food vegetables fish
seafood it's amazing like that's why we
love this place we will just always want
to continue coming here I think every
year and it's an honor it's an honor to
be in fight now have some dinner with
this gentleman so that's what we're
going now we're gonna enjoy dinner
have some fun and I should probably slow
down because speedling is 25 and the
thing just flashed I hope that didn't
take a picture of you
okay hands down this is the best view
I've ever seen this is the beach house
in Anna Maria Island look at this view
okay that is the sunset we're literally
sitting right by the sunset this
restaurant is so beautiful we thought
that the sandbar that there was nothing
more beautiful than the sandbar this is
equally as good mommy what are you gonna
eat this is like mama B cooks takes a
break I know right but apparently the
chef is making some dishes and
especially just for us oh yeah okay oh
the only time it seemed old how many are
doing oyster Bob sunray clams but to
dock we have our wild boar hog ties and
then our soon-to-be famous hush puppies
Bobby comes up when amazing food comes
out this is the only time mama B quacks
oh my goodness thank you funky how is it
like yeah not good you having clams
perfect
mr. monkey filming John down in there
than that little nautical you get from
public communicate song my plan
I like clams I like I like I like plans
that's a good song you want to go home
or do you want to stay here stay here
wanna stay here again once the year to
look cedar nice to me
you
haha yeah y'all
