oh I think I know what this might be
since this is a flavor of potatoes hello
everybody and welcome to the wrinkles
versus real food challenge today I'm
gonna present to you guys
different Pringles flavors and you have
to guess the chin okay you guys ready
for the first round yeah okay we got the
first flavor the monkeys are gonna try
is this one
are you ready monkeys yeah the beautiful
mom of you will be presenting to you
wonderful wonderful kind of chips hello
mommy oh there's only one this door I
taste a bit of a tomato weave I don't
whoa a bit of salt I don't taste
anything it's very pleasant
it kind of reminds me of like french
fries like maybe some cheese and french
fries it tastes like regular but like
I'm getting a little bit of something of
like seasoning a little bit of wood
maybe some cumin some paprika Wow I'm
thinking that I'd have another one
because I can't determine if his brother
here is cheese mousse my parents he's
cheesy I'm gonna go with cheese when I
think it's on a pizza or cheese it's two
seasons to be cheese we've been so good
my final answer has should be pizza okay
definitely cheese it's so cheesy now and
you say pizza you say cheese on arrival
they do one where is round
congratulations all right what happened
what am I thinking thank you for the
second round round nuevo round zero
numero dos 200 what the next flavor that
you have to guess is this one okay mrs.
B oh that's that oh I think I know what
this might be
since this is a flavor of Cheetos I'm
guessing jalapeno definitely jalapeno
it is so jalapeno you can literally
taste it it's jalapeno
JoePa no I'm thinking it's maybe zesty
ranch really I can see that chip is
green but it's not it's not but I can
see the green this because jalapenos are
green cuz you've got a little bit of
zest no no that's okay so it could be
spicy zesty ranch
it's definitely jalapeno all the way
okay monkeys what is your answer one to
brick house theory oh okay unravel your
rambles really would you like to try one
okay are you sure about this
yeah load me up Papa Wow what if I do
the duck face
jalapeno huh so here the tongue
next uno
all right we have threats numero tres
this is gonna be really hard right or
not or not okay mr. B okay whoa what was
that that's a chicken everywhere I know
this taste but I can't put my finger on
it I taste like chicken
pull chicken I Tisa pull chicken sauce
is this hotter than the last one in the
jalapeno yeah
spicy chicken spicy chicken my final
answer probably has to be Oh habanero I
might say then it's spicy barbecue I
want to say the same but I don't wanna
copy so I'm gonna say spicy chicken
spicy chicken okay unwrap your wrappers
Buffalo sweet-and-sour it's like a
sizzling sweet-and-sour actually Oh
probably because I let me get that
sizzling sweet-and-sour yeah okay guys
let us know in the comments who won that
round spicy barbecue or spicy chicken
oh the sugar rush is starting to get
next battle wow this is gonna be tough
but this is the flavor that I want to
get the monkeys to try now see if they
can guess it all right
monkeys reach into the can see what you
got Indian or Mexican Indian or Mexican
Indian tastes like see Brooklyn I don't
know what that word is but miss tastes
like an Indian food from like one of the
Indian restaurants to go to I recognize
this flavor right away man and it's
smell mikeen tikka masala
that's amazing the seasoning dachi being
a nerf I should either butter chicken or
tikka masala curry little rice or curry
um I'm gonna say that it's curry time to
reveal the answer what's the flavor have
a look what is that this is I know the
Indian peeps are friends from India or
this is a microwaveable tikka masala so
I don't think it's gonna be very legit
yeah can I try it tell me if it tastes
like tikka masala from the restaurant
doctors good but slightest brush I pick
the restaurant
tikka masala I need to try the sauce
these chips kind of represent tikka
masala better then this microwave it's
so accurate
these are amazing if you like Indian
food these are amazing
oh my goodness
hashtag not sponsored okay is it okay
here we go next round guys at home
watching this is the flavors are gonna
have to guess take away whoo what does
it smell like no I'm glad that's not
spicy it's the perfect chip mm-hmm have
to movie tonight
I'm definitely eating these chips with
it man I like this one this was perfect
mm pre-build connoisseurs right here
this reminds me of like French sauce for
somebody and something sweet you got
that kick inside I'm thinking like
buffalo look this is like spicy ranch or
maybe sweet chili heat that's a good
guess it's a ranch Duff it up
yeah cut the little cake and like a
ranch it's like Oh custard likes it yeah
yeah
which buffalo wing sauce buffalo ranch
buffalo wing sauce ranch interesting
okay reveal your peepers one
ranch buffalo ranch 3 2 1 wow if you put
Buffalo wrench on your Buffalo ranch but
do you like up a thousand times better I
think that my favorite so far has to be
cheese I like cheese it was Plain Jane
you know I love the cheese flavor so
good I don't know it's not fun not
pretty triangles and different flavors
and guessing what they are an act I'd
rather do homework the next short that
node and oh where it is this one right
here he's gonna figure it out first
winner let's see who's gonna figure it
out first pizza
I think it's pizza oh man I remember
when I was small I you see these like
small pizzas and that's what these
things like so it has a definitely want
pizza pockets the best memories of my
life were those good memories son yes
best memories in my life well I'm glad
the pizza brought you back
lift up beat up beat up okay are you
guys ready for the reveal three two one
so mr. B won that round because he was
the first one to say pizza but I think
you won all the other rounds I couldn't
track exactly like the Pringles that
tastes exactly the Pringles Pete's
afraid will speak the frame will fake
the filling of pizza free look guys I'm
kind of creating my own type of pizza
right now it's called the pizza Pringle
pizza how's that taste
that's it for the Pringles versus real
food challenge monkeys you just had
dinner so that's great because if we
don't have to make dinner tonight yeah
thank you so much for watching everybody
if you like this video please give it
kind things up and share this with your
friends if you guys have any ideas for
videos please leave it in the comments
down below yes
and now Papa's gonna go have some dinner
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you hadn't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little thing will pop up and you
can subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
