we're on our way
we're on our way to LA yeah to LA we're
a little asleep because we haven't our
happy good we got hit because we haven't
had I'm having it come on homina homina
because we haven't had our
how are you got to be careful with these
things at the airport okay
I'm gonna buy my coffee I'm just gonna
go have my coffee we'll see you guys in
LA welcome to Los Angeles
monkeys did you have a nice flight
did you eat lots of cookies yeah yeah
miss McGee Japanese that ice cream was
awesome good gelato
that was like the first time I've had
gelato on an airplane we made it we made
it now those are some nice shoes you got
there mama meatball and that is a nice
dress you got there mumfie Wow and what
would the monkeys are they dressed up
there's one monkey waiting for the
elevator look at these beautiful
children yes
look at that purse mr. monkey you're
looking sleek hopefully this thing's
focusing
I'm gonna priestly hopeful Ganga I got
my business shoes on why because we are
going to watch finding Dory right now on
the Disney lot there is why I have a
chronic purse is because finding Dory is
under the sea world yes Hey
are you excited movie to go watch
finding dory outside he's probably gonna
be sad I'm pretty sure there's gonna be
a part so I was like covering my face
with my um curly hair so that nobody
would see these sorry
the good dinosaur was a cry fast yes
inside out was a cry fast right so many
Finding Nemo was a cry fest to me yeah
it was you know what Toy Story all of
them were crime fests yeah
I'm a thousand percent positive that
finding Dory is gonna be a massive cry
fest that's a beautiful day in Los
Angeles this is this is this is June
gloom this is nice this is nice you hold
this alone I thought I was supposed to
be June balloon
mmm balloon wow this is like a big lot
all right guys we made it this is all
things Disney guys monkeys you cannot
run too fast because the speed limit
here on the Disney lot is eight black
and white Union yen is it yin-yang or
his yin yin yin yang but I'm not sure
you guys let us know mr. monkey looking
slick look at those shoes nice and
comfortable I'm wearing all black just
like mr. monkey black pants but I got my
Disney shoes on I think there are other
people that make videos here too this is
Dada for Daniel I am ready I was so
looking forward to seeing what dapper
Daniel was gonna wear today in court to
seeing you guys yes I miss you guys
we miss you too
the monkeys are ready to watch the movie
mama B it's already get into the pirate
you got my snacks on your your snacks on
snacks I've no idea what this is that is
zu t Herod's booty white cheddar Midori
alright you're ready to find adventure
oh I think I heard there's a lot of
surprises in this movie you know what's
a surprise that this camera is in there
we go let's focus now mama B's gonna
cried so much this is not a flattering
angle it's a very flattering I guess is
more flattering more flattering is that
more flattering you look like you like a
pink like a star studded a star studded
crowd here it is we got Josh started
taking these like egocentric selfies
over there there's Josh that's Josh
started over there he's like he's like a
famous dad on vine you guys know josh
darnit if I can get this thing to folk
called he's pretending as I know you
that's how he thinks he shows he thinks
he's better than she's better than us
call him calm evidence he's got this
like a love affair with David Lopez it's
unbelievable these two these guys never
stop talking to each other I think they
live together these guys cuz it every
time you go on a David Lopez vine josh
is there and every time you see Josh
posting something it's David and David
and Josh sitting in the tree KSS ing
okay these guys serious noise now he's
screaming obscenities at us again I did
this I watched the movie again and I was
real
oh my gosh we never help dougherty with
her problem is she she doesn't know
where her family is and she could forget
Marla and English can I said she needs
closure we even if we need to solve this
so hopefully this movie will do that
yeah and you guys sing it in 3d yeah
oh that was their first time this movie
is being shown in three how was the
movie
honestly ten at a tiny cried and cried
billion kajillion at attack we just
spoke to somebody and I agree I think
someone just dropped their phone I hope
it did not break yes I actually like
this movie better than Finding Nemo you
jumped up if you haven't seen Finding
Nemo watch Finding Nemo first and then
watch finding dory look guys to Seven
Dwarfs sleepy sneezy sneezy sleepy
sneezy grumpy happy local and Gracie
whoa this is a serious little shindig we
got here I thought he should be sturdy
face with him he should be Darvin
hilarious we got here
sir fish food more food more food okay
we got cupcakes we got a set of bread
stick play candy red stick no yeah and
go oh David Z knowledge all gonna be my
first time never having to read no ahem
they're not little they're called
macarons every little hamburger it's a
macaron a lot different it's a hug -
yeah it doesn't taste like a slider at
all are you talking to my wife Josh what
are you saying man I'm talking about
it's like sauteed Spanish singing
Spanish things it is I don't even know
what I mean our job started we need
income fifties or chicken or for chimp
ah it's just chillin there is this
monkey face that's a classic selfie with
Japon children camera
oh my I lost my daughter and I found her
thanks to Family Fun Pack the whole
family's here the whole family's here
the whole crew they're really good at
finding lost kids how many high fives
can I get losing high five high five
five five I'm I'm I'm I'm uh-oh there's
like a man - did you like the movie that
was awesome you know what that we were
trying to figure out when were we gonna
cry and there was a fart he tried to
just get all all crazy and you know what
it was worth it it was great seeing up
here it makes it harder yeah it is I
didn't tell you why she's like Disney
movies like as a kid you loved it then
as a parent you just cry so much more I
was flying around it was flying around
yes that is a massive let it go like
over over there
and you're crazy you're nuts spoon well
there it is back at the hotel I don't
even know I'm going
we're tired you tired Ravi we are very
tired
monkeys are tired so much fun
I'm good night everybody good night
tomorrow miss with you uncle this
recliner things are very reclining yeah
they're very recline mr. monkeys over
there
wherever there's like a charger station
mr. monkey goes he's in charge of
charging he would rather have an
uncomfortable chair when the charging
yep then I sold my chair with no turkeys
no charlie we're going home yeah
time where the frita finding Dory movie
is a must see it is a must see you
actually me tell you more about it
there's no crying guys there's no
pregnant fighting crack then it's not a
crying move because I'm very emotional
you're extremely emotional like I was
literally having a meltdown
watching the good dinosaur it's less cry
even the good dinosaur and inside out so
but it is it does get emotional it's a
very like happy emotional but it's very
like with always our trait like meaning
a great message great message yes always
was I miss me well done well done Disney
yet well done and thank you for inviting
us we had such a blast like we always
say we take you guys with us wherever we
go and we'll continue to do that because
we love you guys and this monkeys gonna
go lie down now in that you know chair
mommy was singing a beautiful song is
like you know I'm gonna turn the camera
on right now you know what because I saw
a sign with Deadpool re-pour voila are
Alerus others I looked at it right away
as medical
hmm and then we love you guys keep
smiling spread positivity in the world
hug loved ones appreciate the small
things we love you guys thank you
why why mr. Munna police are our friend
mr. monkey heard the sirens and took off
running
