Wow it smells incredible in here did you
cook of course my darling I live for
feeding you because lord knows if I wait
for you to cook do you want me to iron
this year for you oh that's so nice
thank you sweetie
course it's not like I haven't been
doing laundry all day long are you okay
I'm fine
what is he doing he's trying to figure
out why she's mad what's happening
everybody so today we're doing a little
bit of an unboxing type slash little
thing because I want to do a movie night
I want to do in the backyard thanks to
the good people at LG they hooked us up
with the LG mini beam this is like a
tiny projector and it is pretty awesome
it's tiny it's Wireless you don't
actually have to plug it into the wall
for it to work you can charge it if you
have an Android phone you don't even
need to plug it into the projector it
hooks up wirelessly so it's got this
like triple wireless connection um oh
yeah and for sound you can do Bluetooth
as well so you just hook it up to
bluetooth speakers and you got yourself
a nice movie night with this tiny
projector mr. monkey we got ourselves a
mini projector very nice gonna size this
thing
oh we're this okay this projector is
literally the size of my hand there are
other projectors out there that are not
this small okay I had I actually had
another projector I drew on the brace
ACK hey everybody
okay so there are other projectors on
the market and they're literally this
big you're like massive look at the size
difference okay big and back in the days
I don't if you have this in school still
mr. monkey we used to have overhead
projectors and they're like these
massive things you put like the the
paper on top oh we have that do you have
those
yeah yeah those things are like a
massive and they get hot they have these
lamps so this is it right here nice and
easy miss monkey check this out you can
plug it in to charge it but once it's
charged you actually just turn it on and
we can actually go anywhere with this
and we could like we could like walk
around we could print the forest and we
can actually have a movie night and
connect it if you have an iOS or iPhone
then you just use one of these little
dongle thingies and hook it up to an
HDMI cable this work with video games
works with video games it actually has a
built-in TV tuner so you can actually
watch television while you're camping
and we have a remote control and some
extra cables so this is it guys
let's go shine it around somewhere let's
go connect it
all right mr. monkeys got the got the
phone what Oh fireplace movies you can
play your movies on your favorite mother
we're gonna have an impromptu shadow
puppet challenge are you guys ready you
guys are gonna be the judge this is a
camel if you like that mom
unless you count his tongue more all
right miss monkey miss monkey has a
camel that's my that's my I don't know
what this is
he's like a what is he like a tomato
rival because I'm in hands yeah I think
I'm winning this clapping hands
definitely does not oh that's a cool
demon and you can do the classic
glogster
oh that's a nice dog this monkey doesn't
be my bird though good dog the one the
public mind does monkey and he'll miss
monkey yeah I think so miss monkey boy
sorry Pete thanks again to the good
people at LG for sending us this
projector I will put some more
information down below in the
description to find out more information
about it this is nice
this is great doing it inside the house
but guess what I think it's time for a
backyard movie night
Hey
yeah-yo uh-huh yeah y'all
