family you've asked for it and now my
mommy's gonna do it Mobile Bay is going
to make Nutella with crepes and bonus
cigars looking for my pants yeah
is it looking for my pants no no what -
my dad's looking for my pennies for
romance it's okay mama B's making crepes
with Nutella and the bonus here you go
mama B you know how I get my recipes
don't expect any measurements for the
creeps I have exact measurements for you
so you're in luck today get a paper and
a pencil guys don't jump or just watch
this video three million times on ice
that's fine that's fine too we won't get
upset if you watch it over and over
again okay for the creeps we need flour
eggs and milk okay
flour eggs and milk then we have
beautiful strawberries great very nice
they're beautiful as they can get right
now right not in season and Nutella
Nutella and I also add some vanilla
extract to my crepes and then for the
cigars we have spring roll pastry
bananas those handles are cold bananas
yeah I'm just kidding mama B that's
gonna be the only joke I'm gonna maybe
one day I promise a second camera back
on me thank you
do you know how to make creams no okay
over here I know how to make waffles
whipping cream to make whipped cream
okay and confectionery sugar icing sugar
tone veterinary sugar whatever section
sugar so icing sugar not the sugar sugar
no not granulated sugar okay like powder
let's start with the cream
and I have two of these so this one is
gonna be for my flower because I like to
put my flower through here so that
there's no like hard pieces of flower
yeah so it's nice and smooth when you
make you're crazy and this is for my
icing sugar see I don't even have like
legit expensive stuff Spence the kitchen
appliances because when we got married
we didn't have a lot of money right and
so basic things and I still have that
okay so for my icing sugar I don't have
a legitimate like dispenser you just
have this I put it in here and with my
hand I just decorate the plate so you'll
see how I do that and you don't need a
big fancy kitchen either and I don't
have a big fancy mixer but you don't
need those big gigantic mixer machines
so if you have one that's fantastic
roots I would love a pink one by the way
this I think I got when we got married
it was like $15 15 years ago no excuses
that you don't have these fancy things
in your kitchen to cook okay well now I
know what to get you for your birthday
it wants to send me a paint mixer I will
not say no I will not say no not reject
my mother will
flour two cups of milk okay hey I have
this beautiful measuring thing that my
friend Caitlin gave to me so two cups of
the milk okay and four eggs four whole
eggs you're not even going to separate
them you don't even have to go through
that trouble okay and just a dash of
vanilla
that's the secret vanilla on anything
and bacon and it works two cups of milk
how many cups of flour 1 cup of flour
yeah oh yeah almost forgot it's 1 cup of
flour right mommy one cup of flan I knew
that like teaching a squirrel cook she
is now doing a precise measurement of
one you go it goes precise Wow this is
the first time ever yeah there's a
person I've ever actually seen you
measure anything I put it in here okay
and I just she sits assist I'll see see
those little bubbles not bubbles they're
not bubbles they're like real yeah that
would be really bad in your craves done
anything all right you're putting the
eggs
or hole a in a separate bowl their hands
are clean hands are washed hair is up
hair is up we got four eggs in the bowl
of milk
I'm already getting a sidepiece mommy
has to get her apron because she's gonna
get something up so it becomes subject
on South McCord means like stop all over
your clothes laughs its Donegal on Aruba
so basically mom would be saying she
does all the laundry so she might as
well keep the clothes clean and not some
pica anywhere I'm gonna put a - - I have
no measure I'm - there's a girl over
there
all right yes you're my president
I'm gonna add a bit more flour to this
it's like too watery mama B's not liking
the consistency she's gonna make it a
little bit thicker okay Tina
nope okay Tina are you going to be
measuring here nope no measuring just
making it soft I actually did this I
would put too much flour and I think it
too thick and I have to add warm milk
and then I'll take it to watery and then
I'll add more flour and it'll be more
thick and then I would have 8,000
gallons of crepe mix these aren't
pancakes right see that's a little bit
thicker okay so we're gonna let that
just chill out for a few minutes that's
better okay good cuz I need to watch
this because I need this format whipped
cream we're making homemade with
homemade whipped cream this is full of
surprises mama he's making crepes she's
making whipped cream she's making cigars
now you can eat and not smoke I don't
even know what I'm gonna name this like
what you tell out utila Nutella creeps
with opponents okay I'm gonna let this
rest for a few minutes okay so I'm going
to turn on my heating elements all right
because I want my pins nice and hot
jackaboy someone yesterday to the boat
medium I have my old-school nonstick pen
that I have always used okay and
recently I got a crate pen you can just
use a regular nonstick pen as well don't
don't have to have the fancy stuff all
right okay okay mama B's just grabbing
some strawberries cutting them up into
thin like slices all right
mommy that's a nice pile of strawberries
you got there thank you
nice and warm see I let this sit for a
little bit and it became thicker okay so
that's kind of the consistency you want
like very satiny very smooth I'll start
with the crepe pen and then I'll go
the other one oh wow okay
so here you have to be very careful to
know what you are doing so that you can
get the mixture everywhere well I'm
gonna do my best to make a circle here
this one is much easier you just put it
in the pan and it's like look at that
there's not a circle the crepe one you
need like one of those flattener things
to do the thing yeah check out things oh
my goodness the smell the vanilla
essence and when you start to see the
edges crisp up that's when you know it's
done slow see the edges are not crisping
up so it doesn't have to be a perfect
circle no because you know when you
order those places they have like that
stick let me tell the show yes the
creeps so so basically you can go to a
fancy Nutella crepe shop and pay $85 for
a crepe or you can make it at home to a
good ten bucks they'll charge you a good
ten bucks and you know with ten bucks
how many crepes can you make at home so
it's not a perfect circle but you got
three father's when it starts to peel up
easily so you can put your spatula under
there
Wow oh no perfect that is very gentle
okay Wow very very very gentle and if
you are not super patient like me I tend
to turn the heat up for the crepes
because I don't have a lot of patience I
want to cook them and eat them mama B is
a very patient woman I have zero
patience for those things
okay that one's done BAM
yeah the more you make the better
they're gonna look maybe one day mama B
will have her own mama B cooks or bakes
or mama B makes channel mama B makes
here we go like that yeah for now it's
gonna be on our channel that's the best
part about these like cooking videos
that we do we're not gonna get a whole
production team here and make everything
spiffany's pivoting nominated for me
you see people do their shopping and
you're in horror that's why she looks so
booming make 400 people around all these
people looking yeah okay
the guy what's next mama be with clean
whoa easy easy
took us yo I can't see the numbers okay
look at that this is not a little fat at
all
no and I'm gonna start because I don't
want to over sugar right so anywhere
between like three and five tablespoons
so I'm gonna start with three are you
measuring again uh-huh give or take
right two and three go let's try it out
and don't forget your splash of vanilla
/ your vanilla or the whipped cream
that's a Squatch you're gonna feed this
until you see
you can store your bowl in the fridge
Wow so what I had to do was I had to put
a bowl with ice under because it's
really hot in here my whipped cream
wasn't hardening Oh whipped cream is in
the fridge okay
monkey so far whipped cream and a couple
of nice crepes so far mama B's made
crepes she's made homemade whipped cream
which is amazing and now you're making
the special bonus cigars
Sagami I got these spring roll pastries
at the Asian supermarket and I got 20 of
them for a dollar 79 soon as you open a
package you defrost it you open up the
package you have to work with it very
quickly or else they're gonna dry if
they dry it's fine you just get a cloth
or a paper towel or something and wet it
and cover it to keep it moist I have my
oil heating here okay okay so you put
some oil there and I'm gonna turn that
up very gentle
spring roll like a pastry I got my
bananas I don't want a curved cigar I
want it flat okay
so I'm just gonna this okay so it's not
so curved do it sit and let Jarrett ever
since I was a little girl my mother gave
me bananas with bousillage as my snack
right on top of the banana huh hey see
that yep okay so you fold it once okay
grab the ends bring it in okay done
now it like nothing I'm gonna pour out
other sides okay now I'm gonna seal it
okay and if it's too dry just grab a
little bit of water just a tiny bit not
too much moisture cuz you're gonna drop
it into the oil into the hot oil and
water and oil do not mix what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna cook the sealed part
first okay so it doesn't have the
to open up because I don't want to say
that you coming out in like no pouring
all over the place
see how it's starting to bubble oh yeah
okay so I'm gonna put that there
okay I'm gonna get my paper towel to get
ready to drain that we are gonna check
back on this crepes
right after the cigars and that's how I
gently very gently gently on the phone
yeah my left is backwards my right is
forward nice don't take a long time like
if the heat is high like literally just
until they're golden like that okay so
they don't have to be like super super a
couple of minutes nothing crazy
absolutely because you want to make
right when you're gonna eat them so that
this is crispy otherwise if you put it
in the fridge after it's cooked it's
soft okay not good anymore okay and now
it's time to plate the prick grab your
Nutella and your knife as you wish as
you wish it doesn't have to be perfect
perfect is boring you put as much as you
like oh you are going to go like that
right half oh that looks so good okay
there's your cream the cigar the cigar
that's gonna go there oh good so far
only a little sister things so that you
don't get no because you don't want it
like this
yeah you ain't likely chunks get it you
want to get a little oh my goodness you
can put some on the plate for decoration
the star the show homemade whipped cream
in the house oh and you can put it on
the side for the cigar so they can dip
the tip is cigar sing are inside the
whipped cream
that looks amazing well surprise
surprise
mr. monkey shows up at the perfect time
hey give him a little squeezy pants
today there's a nice plate of crepes and
cigar and okay thanks for watching
everybody I hope you enjoyed this tape
thanks for watching everybody
I'm gonna try to end this very quickly
because I know the monkeys are gonna eat
everything and I want to have some too
so if you guys want to see anything else
hope you guys like this video please
like it and subscribe and okay I gotta
get on here alright we're gonna need
another one okay I go make more
