hi girl hey he's my pinky mountain oh no
he's in green all green the Frog the
little toad guy flies through the year
he flies through the air mama B's
looking comfy whoo
mr. monkey you're looking comfy yeah
very cozy comfy we got a nice fire
starting mr. monkey has all the supplies
oh we got s'mores going on you know
what's gonna happen tonight we're gonna
have a heads up challenge and then we
will celebrate with s'mores yeah what's
better a heads up challenge of s'mores
no all right double-header this is the
chocolate section so when you wanna make
your small you go over to the table you
go like this it's kind of like a buffet
and then you sit on the cutting go oh
here we go guys heads up challenge just
for kids all for one one for all let's
see who's the champion of the heads up
challenge yeah right here okay mr.
monkey you go first
are you ready
oh yes oh yes oh you Turkey
mr. monkey got eight Wow
good job mr. monkey good job yes what do
you put on your head I'm going to park
you look at yourself when you put on
your skin it's a bunny it's a bunny
bunny I said buddy oh oh it's a stretch
work it's a strength toward zero report
oh oh they're sewing competition and
they're singing on TV
not brown hair but hair is not black not
brown - wine miss monkey technically got
eleven Wow miss monkey Wow
oh it's awesome master builder no no no
oh you don't know the show it's fairly
strong man back in the days so it's
minus two points but okay you see the
knot comes the heads up champion here's
a heads up the hard kill ease up heads
up there we go the Hercules up heads up
all right tentacles it's a squid No
but knowing something when I went to
hell in the wall Oh today is domestics
in the railroad track old wine I like to
travel in this on the rail brain don't
know where I'm really fine I'm through
Joe yes oh you got a dream giving it
clockwise in higher Bell hey he's my big
mouth no no no he's in green all green
the Frog the little toad guy through the
year you guys are the worst heads up
explainers ever whatever I was way
better than you guys were to me that's
because we were really good movie givers
yeah we have ourselves an official heads
up champion this is just one bonus round
that I wanted to try because miss monkey
created her own category of youtubers so
miss monkey and I are going to try to
help mr. monkey guess the youtubers yeah
mr. monkey let's do this oh okay there
we go
oh you've got the red hair the gamer
with red hair yes oh you've got he
always does like Disney stuff happen -
yes yes okay prank each other yes
technically yes oh he's a little puppy
dog yeah oh yes Oh what up t-shirt
reference Wow 9 miss monkeys the heads
of champion mum B you are a very close
second because you're so cute let there
be fire for the marshmallows
congratulations miss monkey for winning
mama B you said you didn't get good
enough clues is that what it is is that
your excuse
yes I need people who know how to do it
interview oh you're the sound guy you
won the heads up challenge today how do
you feel
if you husband here's a few things
you'll need to know if you wanna be my
warning only hello my life
all right miss monkey feels like singing
Oh mr. monkeys the pro we should be
cooking with mr. monkey right now okay
so mr. monkey what do we have setting up
I just want to like place it down so
I'll do that and then I'll just put it
on top and I have us more all right mr.
B Nana Nana spy me Yuri buy me your ring
what did what can you tell everyone like
the heat source is hazel so get close to
the glass glasses the glasses is
possible when I was small and we we we
had we roasted marshmallows at her
friend's house we I used to say no to
sweet chicken and i'd like turn my
marshmallow around really slowly it's
really creepy but it's really funny cool
story bro that is it again with the cool
stories bro there it is mr. monkey right
there see that
hmm
that's heaven
mama B how's that mama B you didn't even
give it a chance you're still very
dainty even though you hammered that
s'mores lick like a monkey on a cupcake
mama B you're such a sweetheart thanks
for watching everybody we love you if
you like this video please like it and
if you haven't subscribed you'd please
subscribe nope children fighting is
always wonderful mmm
I try to block it out sometimes but you
know the kids seem to fight no matter
how romantic we try to make it no you're
like this Oh children if we sing a song
maybe we can drown out the sound of
children arguing Marine Yellow Submarine
Yellow Submarine it's a good song
