hello family
hello family today we have partnered up
with miracle-gro growls for this video
because we are going to become farmers
today we're gonna live off our land kids
where do we live it up our land
okay miracle-gro Robles you know it look
like you look like little miniature
houses
yeah little house is free I thought when
I walked into the kitchen they look like
eggs yeah they do look like little eggs
they're like pods yeah so each of these
pods have something in it so cucumbers
tomatoes lemon basil is it dazzle or
baby hazel dating with basil in Italian
it's a CD cool boss cuticle feeling
editing
basil jalapeno so they have all kind of
name lettuce row much money we spend
women be buying romaine lettuce now we
can have it in our house you basically
just pop these into a pot with potting
mix and that's pretty that's pretty much
it and then you grow it and so today
we're going to go around and and I say
we just do like a mystery here I know
miss monkeys cheating already
how big is monkeys trying to memorize
which one okay so mr. monkey you're
gonna pick first
okay so this is what we're gonna do this
is going to be a challenge what she's
not even into a growing challenge what
we'll do today is we will plant these
and then in the coming weeks we'll have
to check in one of our vlogs well update
you will update the rope on the growth
of our farm living off her land mr.
monkey please go first
thank you oh you cumbersome car you want
a seedpod
okay mr. monkey that is yours I have a
feeling miss monkey already knows what
she wants so I got the sweet peppers
seed pod and it shows a picture of it
peppers I love our peppers does it sweet
pepper seed pot because miss Muffy
actually loves red peppers and when she
comes home from school that is her
favorite after school tonight
any one manone is just cut up red pepper
and she just eats it plain she loves it
mommy please didn't see that coming yes
she's gonna get the fish in it with the
basil the basil basil oh I can make some
nice bouquet me freak ah ah zucchini
bread clean Ibrahimi fritters I quote um
stop zucchini Oh
so many recipes the zucchini is crazy oh
I'm a toes yeah
okay so Papa is gonna be growing
tomatoes miss monkeys gonna be growing
red peppers oh and monkeys gonna be
growing Guinea okay me and mr. monkey
remove entire lid from seed pod choose a
sunny spot space seed pods 36 inches
apart we're gonna put them in separate
pots
I forgot the pots here haha did you just
go to the supermarket right now
I was quick they had them in the garage
they were in the in the garage luckily I
had these in the garage and everything
was already set so we have the the pots
and the potting mix is already in there
so let's just peel ours back then go oh
there's the good stuff right there my
kind of gardening because I am NOT a
gardener at all so this is the best
because it's already there look nice
oh yeah that's right you just you just
put it in the bottom mix there it is
that is my kind of gardening that is
super duper easy gardening go alight
with the potting mix around because you
don't want to push it down too much
we're all sitting and compact it because
you want to make sure that when you
water it that it goes through the
potting mix right there my thank you
very much Monday whoever but I should
grow I don't I got a go-to mustache I
could get it to get like a farmer's hat
we need out overall we need overalls the
overalls and tomatoes zucchini zucchini
cucumber cucumber it fit then red pepper
what do we do now why don't we put these
all on the deck outside and we'll pour
some water and see how he grows oh yeah
we grow and do if they once they reach
two inches tall then we take them out of
the pods and it will plant them in the
ground
very nice we're gonna have our own
vegetables
Wow so let us know in the comments any
growing tips that you have your kids if
you guys have been able to grow your own
vegetables and vassals and Basil's in
your check out the link in the
description below for more information
on Miracle Gro grow bowls and let us
know if you guys are living off your
land so what are these well there's the
beautiful mama bee
and ever thought we challenge yourself
grow the best vegetables and I can cook
with there's gonna be some nice
vegetables in this house it's gonna be
super nice and maybe I'll cook something
for Mom I'll be with these vegetables
let's not go that far yeah
