what's up everybody
all rights get weird yeah weird we
celebrated mr. monkeys birthday recently
so I thought it would be fitting to you
know review some baby videos because you
guys asked for more baby videos so we're
gonna play some and we're gonna watch
them and I'm surprising you guys because
these are very cute and this is a
surprise because you haven't seen these
so are you ready to watch mr. monkey in
action and miss monkey you make an
appearance in this too so alright ready
so do you guys that is so cute
alright are you ready
do you remember this yeah yeah no you
remember that you weren't even born okay
oh you saw this video so mr. monkey was
I think you were like - in this video
mr. monkey and look at your feet
look at that Monica's feet look just
wanna grab his feet hey you were like a
stacking champion oh my goodness those
little blocks were so cool cuz they had
like little love a little fun Kings
my voice has changed yes what you gonna
do ready coming hanging whoa so at this
point we really a batting practice and
miss monkey was hiding with me behind
these pillows because mr. monkey somehow
had this crazy
he'll snatch balls
that was crazy
look at you monkeys just dancing away
wrong costume mr. monkeys got to - on
fleek this monkeys got a froggy suit mr.
monkey look at your shoes might take
your belt shoes
yeah those Tinkerbell shoes were on
point look at that like the skills and I
think I like soon ah no no you gotta fix
the shoes thank you can't see without
fixing the shoes oh my goodness
ha please your face oh this is a we used
to make a lot of fun little videos of
you guys before we started putting it
all over YouTube it's so graceful monkey
so graceful look at that what a
gentleman
with a tutu and gold shoes there goes
lifting her up in the air oh that's a
new drug that is a huge frog look II
hope you got to fix the shoes you got it
I got it oh shoot oh oh oh so cute I
like that I like that you got that like
behind me oh you guys are so cute man
that sales are the monkeys right there
how old were you here it's now like five
you must've been like five yeah I think
no more than six
so great oh look at that miss monkey
yeah the music to it I have no idea what
you guys are dancing to during this when
we were filming this because I filmed
this video and we had some other song
playing on camera board it was and then
I uploaded it to like a private channel
and then I put another song over it and
and I just edit this one right now
because I think it as long as copyright
monkeys you were so cute back then what
happened mr. monkey happy birthday we
love you very much thank you
and maybe for your birthday miss monkey
we will do something like that too and
if you guys actually want to see more
baby videos I can dig them up so let me
know and I will post them let us know in
the comments and I think that's it
monkeys that's all we got it's a wrap
today it's a wrap opossums doesn't
Rachel see that no you so stay off some
possums everyone it's not copyright
mm-hmm
we got to come up with something else
what can we say at the end we can say
how nice making the words a up be happy
have a great day and no beat have a
great day ladies
so have a great day and be happy is that
good yeah
be happy okay because it's your birthday
yeah you up my camera sorry
fogged up my camera
