good morning family hit morning good
morning family
oh we are ready hey of the road trip the
last day of the road trip guys and it's
your birthday
whoa today is it the last day Austin we
are on our last day of illiterate and
purchase and we are happy to go home
what we're sad because in order to get
time on this trip and so it's going to
be a busy day because there are lots of
activities but it's also mr. B is an
amazing last day yeah
it's been an awesome road trip we've
been in Austin this is our third day now
and I'm staying good so first we've got
to Austin we had a meet up we met some
amazing family members
it was awesome to come out of the RV and
they were all there to greet us welcome
boss
you
it's always great to meet everyone a lot
and then we went to go see that we
didn't see bats fly out of the bridge we
didn't see 1.5 million bats but we
enjoyed the skyline the Austin skyline
is beautiful I didn't know the camera
was sneaky I think we're going on a boat
trip and I think we're gonna go see some
bats flat of a bridge if I'm not
mistaken it sounds very random of you
monkeys ready to go on a boat ride yes
y'all
hopefully the weather agrees to weather
are you okay to be nice to us while we
go on a boat don't run on the middle of
street though
but we are in Austin Texas and we have
this opportunity to see hundreds or
thousands and thousands of birds
thousands of that is on trend with dog I
think any no I think they're coming from
over there and there is like there's
like a hundred people over there at
least
wow it's full of people waiting for
these bats and do this all the time
they do this to propagate this video you
can hear the piece you're the men's I'm
going to WoW is a lot of people there so
you can order here along for the bats
one of ours constantly yeah yeah wet
make your dreams come true you know that
was okay that was great good it's okay
done go yeah we got pooped on we saw
some bats we saw a wave of bats water
than your head actually it was okay
we didn't see 1.5 million back a lot
right here we did see a lot and today we
are here in Fox Fox 7 and we're doing a
morning we're gonna be over here to say
forgive me over there doing a little
morning segment and then after what are
we doing next miss monkey are going to
be I heart Country Music Festival begins
an epic no just sweet smell sweet soul
yeah and that's it that FIFA the final
destination of a road trip we finally
made it guys mr. monkeys birthday has
kicked off with some serious birthday
Hank and cakes being into that like a
like a tiger into a zebra happy birthday
thank you
what we are waiting for Kellie Pickler
she's gonna be performing today my live
and we finally get to see her again
we saw her New Yorker who started our
road trip this monkey is excited mr.
monkey birthday boy and I'm super
excited
look everyone signed my balls oh the
whole crew the one night it uh from the
Louisville Bats game yeah and everyone
from the Kurt Angle made so many so many
great friends here great family
Kelley's can be performing very soon and
we're gonna reunite with her in just a
second
why do you have a very very special
announcement to make
in your 11 years of existence funny
words of wisdom don't tell your parents
on board that was like the best advice
I've ever heard in my life mr. monkey
happy birthday we thought well we love
you mr. monkey now that is a nice
birthday present yet Wow
and it was incredible no I wasn't I
wasn't gonna give my store tassel it's
called a tortoise a so go mm no
tortoises for mr. monkey I wasn't gonna
smash the cake in his face that would
have been a happy birthday me one year
old zero and now we're off to another
place
yes more calibrating more celebrations
oh snap the whole road trip crew they
just set up surprise pizza party for mr.
monkey they're awesome
dreamer poppers point me something
and other pay the rise rapping we need a
fire extinguisher under coming back up
oh no mr. monkey
I think you've had a pretty awesome
birthday so far Wow and now what you
want to do sleep sleep
and now we end the night at this fancy
hotel is fancy music the monkeys are in
the water
mommy's checking her Instagram I'm
replying to messages mama B's replying
to messages I do too I reply to messages
too but momma be replaced a lot more
messages than I do because Mom B's the
balls and now before the fancy music
comes on again we just want to say we
love you and we are so happy that we
were able to share this road trip with
you guys the back and we're back home
tomorrow back to our regularly scheduled
program of crazy family stuff
thank you for being with us and we love
you and stay tuned for just other crazy
things who knows what's next we don't
know what else should we do is that it
hey freken what's up Brian how'd you get
that spot what's up Brian yah yah yah
yah
