do you still hear it it's like a buzzing
mr. monkey and Mama B are in another
room and this monkey is my roommate
tonight yeah and we can't sleep I don't
think they hear the buzzing but we don't
like the worst room yeah we got the
worst room so we're gonna switch rooms
because I hear like a buzzing go first
probably tries to check everything he's
like okay just go to sleep
put the pillow over your head so I'm
like I can't put a pillow over my head
because it's like uncomfortable I can't
sleep so then the next time it was like
a hundred times more he's like in a
proper intense because there's a
constant buzzing and I won't be able to
sleep it buzzing every three minutes so
we're gonna win another up all right
let's go he got the room key so we're
good to go
alarm set miss monkey goodnight
okay goodnight that's the alarm you put
on my phone
miss monkey put this song on my phone
for you to wake up to instead of my
regular alarm that I normally do which
is much more relaxing yet you chose one
that sounds like I don't know what like
a hokey hole by the seaside man I had
this one this is a nice sound this is a
very nice sound this is a terrible sound
anyways - no cause it's called the
patient constellation constipation it's
called constellation anyways it's a
beautiful day in Tuscaloosa Alabama we
basically stayed overnight and we are on
our way now to Jackson Mississippi mama
B and mr. monkey are still sleeping so
we're gonna go wake them up and we're
gonna go get back on the road good
morning mama hey I see you have a
grand-slam breakfast going on here oh
you have a grand-slam breakfast too
do what everybody does on the road mr.
monkey are you ready yeah
he's so excited all right monkey let's
see if you'll do it
look at Jacob that
was he looking straight he walked over
and took it
all right so we're making a quick stop
in Jackson Mississippi we are just going
to like a like a garden just to hang out
stretch out our legs smell the pretty
flowers and then we're gonna get back on
the road it's gonna be road trip squad
today mr. monkey let's see how many
trucks you can get to honk today okay
we're gonna put it numbers right here
how many pain is it miss monkey we're
not gonna do that
because we'll probably find one truck or
that'll be willing to home mama B uses
everyone as a balance so that she can
apply her Skeeter repellent like only
the handsome boys I know she always puts
two handsome boys to hang off up touch
me quite strongly she is she's got a
good rip last a little yeah she did a
little caressing that doesn't count
you can't caress anyone when you're
trying to balance to get your mosquito
repellent on hey we've seen you at your
you a what they call your CrossFit we've
seen who you picked this partners I
don't I don't pick I picked them based
on ability I drink
well that's what she's doing is
squatting power she's doing to ability
is strength
leave my CrossFit partners out of this
haha mommy your hats on fleek hats on
fleek I bet you I have a bigger head
than most men really full of brains yeah
do I need a break no no my head is no my
bugs oh the boys are go to the dance
gonna get do the dance do that ha lordy
oh my gosh alright these Botanical
Gardens are very cute wow look at that
that's so cute
pretend you're happy children and go
around in the circle like these happy
children are look how happy they are
hey the happy children alright let's go
guys it's like a little maze and this is
not poison ivy right guys this is like a
magical botanical forest we should have
like a like a dreamy slow-motion running
through the botanical forest scene guys
what do you think
Oh
yonder ma be skipping no way mr. monkey
I like your hat is about to be a feeding
frenzy of turtles here we go here we go
it's gonna be like turtles versus fish
oh they're all going for it the fish are
going crazy you're going from mine whoa
how many turtles you guys see one two
three four five six seven eight
that's a lot of turtles mommy I've never
seen so many turtles altogether miss
humming ding there's some initial good
angle miracles in Earth Day there
there's a there's a little tannerite
I think it's bull is it yeah we have to
google that they're nasty big I just
ruined the moment
nananananana nutter
then a with that the Ben Affleck all
right back in the RV next up let's go
brah I gotta eat some fried chicken
let's go let's get this trunk to honk
give them a little rum pum pum pum pum
pum pum pum pum pum
did say no yeah yeah yo ha ha yeah y'all
