means meaning random so I'm making this
video to bring you just to make you
jealous because I went to neuro that
turns only one miranda in the whole
entire world that could be better so and
the best some if you in case you're
wondering why there is listing on me is
because my baby my /nk a red Mustang is
in the dryer nice right I put in the
dryer so I'm right now I'm seizing my
list goes that my great-great
great-great-great-great grandmother
called me for my bar mitzvah so um so
today I'm gonna teach you how to do a
cartwheel so you're gonna start off for
me Bambi today I was taking judo lessons
and Kant kicked me in the blanks on my
Danby don't mind night I believe the
father makes it so what you're gonna do
is we're gonna start off hands on your
hand with your ear clicking hear
anything so I can't even ear your uncle
corn do from down sounds saying that
your spinach boots is ready I don't even
like vegetables so I don't even want to
hear him sing right thing is someone's
son
see that's why I have these clams so
what we're gonna do is so what we're
gonna do is we're gonna put in punch put
our hands up high high high high high
not too high since in hunt because
you're playing your arms are gonna fall
off and so you're gonna put them all the
way through ears can't hear anything
uncle can't hear anything I'm cool so
then you're gonna hold my things make
sure that your arms your arms have to be
in my vein
not really it's to the only things
you're gonna break your rinse because
you're gonna be like thanks we can't
donate no no no you're gonna have to go
in bathe don't believe scary Thanks
go look babe don't Miranda jam so know
what you're gonna do is you're gonna
spread your legs apart and if you do not
feel coops you're boom
do we get just sitting cuz it gets your
nerves oh we're going to put your hands
like this and then we're going to put
our lexicon
we're going to go bench is the stretch
of our legs and then we're gonna do is
we're gonna be like a ballerina
so we're gonna first Peter Tontine or
shorter like a Tater Tot my favorite
type of the tank top it's really it's
really born so first we're gonna go on
mate I'm to bring four five six seven
eight ten will gain something 300
somebody born some dicta so within of
their dicks we're gonna go down and then
what you're gonna do is you're gonna
reach or the rocks and you're gonna go
all the way down not rich Vince Domino's
I'm not worth 90 so we're going to reach
for the rocks
which bones down yes you're gonna lift
up if you were lefty or righty I'm a
righty so I'm going to lift up my right
leg and you like thing some of my
Gliscor so I'm not use the lanes so when
we're gonna mate
keep your ballet position my boogers are
going through my head slowly they went
over so they have balance don't go into
this huh let me just split you don't
split your my things don't then I'll
split your favorite pants a half so then
you're you're in your position already
well you just want for me like bangs so
yeah and then you're what you're gonna
do is they're gonna go on and then
you're gonna go
make sure that you're always wearing um
no socks and make sure that your pants
are always high so that um so that you
can never lose your balance so then
you're gonna go on your petition big
present remember the smile and then
stretch out your body to your core says
give me high-five and go home yeah y'all
ha ha
