here we go here we go my reigning
champion by the way how do you pronounce
the city that's home to the Kentucky
Derby that was wrong
that was wrong Louisville ding ding day
close enough how many streets are named
Peachtree in Atlanta
ding-ding days as she got 55
no way she 5 it's 55 there's no way she
does it does 55 where is the world's
longest cave
somebody's on a roll and today flower of
Kentucky the golden retriever goldenrod
where is Music City USA Nashville they
did and the reigning champion alright
just a draw there's a dry here somewhere
because she did her homework before Oh
we are on our way to Lexington Kentucky
and today we're going to ride horses
have you ever ridden a horse mr. monkey
you prick rule number one of our V life
hold on to something if you're not
holding on to something you're not doing
your job
yeah good luck with that oh you're gonna
stab yourself this is what I want to see
them into
that's a makeup challenge on its own
this is our first this is our first
official and carriage for the family
first official horse-drawn carriage for
the family monkey Miz monkey you having
a good time oh yeah so this is the
Kentucky Horse Park via grounds are so
beautiful I like super 1200 acres 1200
acres acres so what are we waiting for
you only
this is one of the champions of the
Kentucky Derby Wow champion a horse
racing champion yes
have you ever ridden a horse follow me
don't guess it did you did when you're
young
uh-huh application your vacation is this
a story that we can tell everybody yeah
okay so we're not gonna we're not going
to go there allergy check it so far so
good the bluegrass is not affecting you
know what is blue where is the bluegrass
do you know where the bluegrass is sir
uh no are you from Kentucky I'm not okay
I'm gonna go I somebody from Kentucky
now you're from Kentucky yes I am
where's the bluegrass um oh gosh uh your
Senate is this bluegrass oh this is the
bluegrass
bluegrass doesn't really look blue at
night it's it I've never actually seen
it look blue but they say that there's a
time when it's growing in its
development that will have a lute are we
going to see any bluegrass today we're
with rocoto are I can't promise you okay
back to the horse
we are now starting our horseback riding
so I'm so pumped cuz we are just about
to do it right now we're just like
talking like not really talking but like
like we're getting ready Christmas
monkey blondie we're gonna actually ride
horses now that's a case you wanna do it
back to the purple horse we can set you
up for this is the chance of a lifetime
we are at of course I've never been to a
horse park in my life and we're gonna go
ride it and it smells nice it doesn't
smell like horse it smells nice
wonderful get that Nate gotta get that
nature suck in that nature kids I can I
bandit so you will be named bandit for
the whole ride mr. monkeys a cool hi
bandit Laredo is mine come on down
you're the next contestant on riding
horses just don't go behind them
you go miss monkey and what's this force
hello.php
happy curious Peter all right and this
is Laredo I'm gonna ride Laredo ha sweet
oh thank you
how you do mouthy business romantic
I want to buy a horse first it was a
boosted board then it was a drone now
you want a horse you're so great
that was fun guys we can guys we could
buy a wrench and we can buy four horses
huh
what do you guys think here that we
don't know the first thing you feed them
hay and you give them lots of water
we'll find a place with lots of grass
what do you guys think what do you guys
say yeah get horses guys Cowboys
let's fire up high okay you get a pet
horse we can put the horse in the
backyard yeah okay let's do it
let's do it guys it's gonna horse
we're literally in a field of horses
right now yes we have never been so
close to so many horses how it was the
field of horses
where's burrito burrito burrito they're
very curious these horses you gotta go
your mouth the kiss addictions emails
you don't have any food right no you're
doing I'm not doing a kissy the kizi
mouth with the hand open then they come
in they smell your hand like a dog just
make the cake no and no man the other
horses kind of look looking at me like
yo this guy's again I'm gonna eat this
guy's hand where is that girl going this
is my place hmm
oh it's not looking at me hey a little
girl with a spaghetti legs where's she
going we have the last D today we're in
a field of horses right now this is
amazing
this is like a dream thank you so much
guys well all for taking us on a horse
ride it is incredible I'm using the
Kentucky Horse Park amazing guys thank
you so much
yeah y'all
uh-huh yeah y'all
