good morning New York beautiful New York
look at those buildings man today we are
gonna have to slow get on my way could
we today we're gonna have so much fun
excited for today we're gonna be in the
RV we're gonna be sleeping doing
homework reading watching TV puppies
over here at a editing a video this is
the video where we're traveling to New
York welcome to New York City or about
it there's a lot of honking I didn't
sleep cuz a lot of noise honking yelling
wow she looks like a movie star
Lisa Caprio she's awesome
who would have thunk that you can make
mama be even prettier Oh extra points
right-hand man Lisa Lisa Caprio calm I'm
gonna leave this link in description
whenever you're in New York City and you
ought to get even more dolled up
you call Lisa mr. monk is reviewing
today's vlog this is pretty much it
first things first
we're going to an interview
welcome to New York City in the daytime
monkeys look at that that's New York
city traffic
you got your hair's all days oh my
goodness you guys look amazing but got
patio they're getting ready for the
interview oh just like people on there
there's like people are they sunbathing
real parents parents yes right I'm papa
bean I'm mama V I'm mr. monkey and I
miss it and we're a Navy family playing
hot or not parents addition learning a
new social media app high on every not
every month oh yeah she's not the Cape's
yeah no there are too many apps in this
world this is too complicated and they
don't work for me they should work for
you if you just give it a chance guys
nailed it you guys nailed it
good job Thanks how was that does that
many more than that those are good
you always got to work hard and we love
you guys so much we always want to keep
you guys in the loop and we want to try
to post every day so while we're here in
the green room we just finished our
interview had some fun and we're
uploading a new video 64% miss monkey
we're gonna see the RV in one hour and
we're gonna see Kellie Pickler who's
meeting up with us on the road trip in
the beginning and is gonna meet up with
us again in Austin Thank You mr. monkey
we are finished our first interview at
parents.com
parents calm did you guys have fun yes
that was awesome
played a nice hot or not mrs. McKee who
played is also played a nice hot or not
game that was fun and now we are off to
see Kellie Pickler
we're gonna check out the RV so we
officially start the road trip when we
get into the RV so we got it we got to
give you guys a tour of the RV cuz I
heard it's pre cooked up pretty amazing
so got this view look at this cute of
you guys I went to grab a coffee and
Mama B was singing a beautiful song
named Athena sound boom boom yeah boom
that's all I got okay that's enough is
very happy so do you like your bouncy
hair Wow miss monkey loves her bouncy
hair whoa
so this is it guys we are embarking on a
road trip we're gonna be challenged to
be greater than our allergies mama be
mr. monkey they got the allergies and
we're gonna be going to a whole bunch of
cool cities city by city being
challenged by Kellie Pickler
it's going to be awesome the greater
American road trip and as always we're
gonna take you guys with us wherever we
go so much fine oh it's gonna be a lot
of fun
you guys excited to see Kelly again oh
yeah it's gonna be awesome
finally we misty Kelly she's going to
challenge us at every city because mama
beat and mr. Monty the gauzy allergies
so this is gonna be like a challenge
video challenge week two weeks of
challenges who wins challenges and we're
going to see you again in Austin at the
I heart country
you didn't examine the last could be
awesome April 30th oh yeah I'm so
excited
we got an RV yeah Kellie Pickler it's a
beautiful day in New York City it's
amazing Wow oh um to see inside whoa
whoa this is it right here
bring your bed here's a books TV check
sink check microwave check everything we
need what oh my goodness
oh the monkey so here's a whole bed with
a window and do you got to a light check
this monkey like check like check I have
an entire hour reading night late at
night yeah there's a flower guys this is
it and fresh flow this is gonna be our
home for two weeks this bathroom is
bigger then this is like double the size
of an airplane bathroom thank you Tom
the Kitty room Kitty room just the can
you room right up there there's a shower
in I think at least one shower and is
army during the week we got Oh the
fridge is stocked so here it is guys we
are going on the road trip this RV is
beautiful we are set on a scale of one
to ten 12 12 12 Wow I'm gonna fall yeah
resilient
kornel super fun look a little pit stop
look at you look how close you are an
official line so you guys don't cheat
cornhole challenge mr. monkey versus
miss monkey we are the old New Jersey
right now just hang it out on the road
trip on a beautiful sunny day it's a
beautiful sunny day I'm gonna burn
okay guys 4head watch I got I got kind
of a forehead I get a little Wi-Fi once
in a while and you know what it gets
thank you mommy or not that American
alone I know it no trash talking no
trick shot oh I heard there's pictures
of us inside the store you wanna go see
it I think I see it
there we are look at that like that face
you guys have a crazy face
Thanks look at this it's everywhere
hello nobody deserve log how you guys
doing back on the road mama be on the
road look at this oh you look beautiful
you don't you don't look like you've
been traveling mama B well that's
because I had a professional makeup
artist coming today my lashes on fleek
initially I never liked his prize
surprise mr. monkeys learning some drone
footage by mr. Casey neistat's mama B
you look like a country bumpkin
Wow we're at the Cracker Barrel where
are we I don't even know where we are we
are at the Cracker Barrel where are we
in Lebanon Tennessee Lebanon tennis are
we in Lebanon Tennessee we're not in
Lebanon Tennessee we're we're in
Pennsylvania right now we're about 13
hours away from Lebanon Pennsylvania so
contrary no idea where we contrary to
what the menu actually says kind of cool
and trying to fool us we have for me oh
you got ways to fool me
okay so we're in Pennsylvania at the
Cracker Barrel okay cool we're not in
Tennessee got our food we got our food
we got our fried chicken fried chicken
biscuits and right okra my stomach is
saying yeah baby you're talking
ah jawbreaker on a stick though it is
called I think it's called a jolly pop
you hear that that's what they're
calling jolly pops
need to check their jolly
this is day one it's only dy this is
only day one 13 days left we have 13
something like that right
all I know is that it's day one and we
had such a good time already yeah
and we're due
we're doing it all again tomorrow
monkeys
riding horse bull riding horses what's
cooler that or that giant lollipop yeah
road trip day one success or no success
we charming the gentleman we German we
John in the hope you like a German too
we tell each other with the road trips
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
yeah yeah
