I think didn't miss monkeys been messing
with that camera should I stick her nose
in the lens date date date date it is
date date date date date day what does
that mean date date spending time
together for a whole day but there's no
responsibilities involved the monkeys
are away for an all-day playdate and
mama B and I are having a date date
we're gonna have some oatmeal and then
we're gonna have some Mexican food today
it seems like every time we have a date
day
we have Mexican food hey maybe you guys
can help us in our next date night or
date day where should we go eat what
kind of food to eat speaking of food
mama B makes it the best oatmeal yeah
you do make awesome oatmeal what is on
the oatmeal recipe today mama Lee well
I'm gonna throw some pears pears no it's
uh ah the guy who lost a lot of weight
and asked him how he lost all the way he
said cuz he loved pear you guys might
know Jaime yes yes okay four scoops of
oatmeal I figure for an adult four
spoonfuls of oatmeal that tablespoons
I've never really understood tablespoons
and teaspoons like is there an actual
and measurement of a table slickers an
actual tablespoon measurement but is
this the actual tablespoon measurement
like this yes this right here
so someone invented it so someone said
when they were making this spoon they
grabbed the exact measurements in
whatever it is yeah milliliters or
whatever it is and they said this is it
yes hmm okay okay almond milk mama B
I'll do anything for your mama I have to
continue with my thing here okay I'll be
right back almond almond um almond milk
here you go sweetheart
okay first groups oatmeal okay four
scoops of oatmeal a little bit on how
much almond milk a little bit oh yeah
but then I also add water water
okay I'm not good at making oatmeal no
you're terrible at me I don't like it
running one minute 35 seconds okay one
minute 35 second that is the magic
number for oatmeal
one minute 35 seconds 1 minute 35
seconds so it's not guy and not watery
yeah
you look so glorious with the light in
the background your make a glorious face
make a glorious face breeds no special
technique to peeling a pear just peeled
for above the skin
nothing special yeah and don't eat that
little paper don't eat that paper
because I don't know what happens if you
read that paper oh how did you make it
like perfect consistency I told you it's
a minute
35 seconds I don't
God cares I like that pears pears juicy
carrots juicy pears this is all the
breakfast you need and then I have
pumpkin seeds Oh cuz I like a little bit
of crunch in my oatmeal right that is
the most beautiful oatmeal ever I think
I found the title
these are chia seeds this is chia seeds
are good for you too so good for you
that's - google it all right there's a
little tiny bin little sprinkle of chia
seeds never hurt nobody
wow that looks really good then cinnamon
cinnamon a little bit of cinnamon hmm
fresh maple syrup fresh maple syrup not
the sugary kind you don't wanna use the
flick of pancake syrup get pure maple
syrup you can get that Wow
our oatmeal Wow voila that's it a nice
easy oatmeal you know right there all
you need is quick oats pumpkin seeds
fresh pear or a tree or any other type
of fruit you want a little bit of chia
seeds and maple syrup and there you go
it you know this is it you have a bowl
of this a day for breakfast you'll feel
so good about yourself you just feel
healthy you're you'll feel full you'll
feel like you don't want to snack so
here's a tip that I use and I'm gonna
show a screenshot I actually I used to
be over 200 pounds believe it or not I'm
gonna show a little screenshot right
there actually mama B has in her
before-and-after transformation is
incredible - so I'm gonna show that here
as well there's mama B and we did it
with exercising cutting out a lot of
sugar drinking lots and lots of water
and having breakfast like this having
like shakes in the morning having
oatmeal in the morning and I used to
snack a lot I used to eat a lot of candy
I mean once in a while I still do a high
like a chocolate candy sometimes I'll
binge on like sour patch kids I'll do it
it's fine once in a while but whenever I
feel like I want to snack or I want to
chew on something I get a handful or a
little bowl of almonds unsalted almonds
you have this it takes away your hunger
you don't feel like snacking after you
have a few of these to grab a head full
of almonds I didn't marry you just for
your oatmeal but it was part
partly due to the oatmeal she had some
cantaloupe do oh you're the perfect what
is a bitter melon on a Tibetan menu and
I'm going to come to little very good
for us
it says very good for us it gives us
color energy it didn't make us our fish
our cheek is very colorful we are going
to eat this and we're gonna go on a date
thing mama B yeah kinda dictate if you
make this oatmeal or your style of
oatmeal tweet us add a B family and we
will retweet it so we can show the world
that we can create some really healthy
breakfasts so this is breakfast is's
that tastes very good get together mama
B we'll make that six layer dip next it
mommy cooks waiting mommy
is that cool mama B your picture is so
cute okay we do that all the time why
don't we do like a date night or date
day we take a selfie that's our thing I
call date day any day we spend together
when the monkeys are away at a long
playdate we go for dinner we joke around
we go shopping we just do stuff together
and I love it I love spending time with
Mama B she's the best she's so fun
we're always just goofing off and having
fun and enjoying the same stuff like the
food and the music we just love spending
time together and we try to spend as
much time together as possible because I
think it's very healthy for us the
reason why I like date night or date day
or date or net five minutes yes my mall
I like that is because it's a lot of
pressure to be an adult and as kids we
can't wait to become older and grow up
and be grownups and then once we're
grownups there's so much pressure to do
everything to be you know successful to
have a nice house to have a nice car to
have money to have nice clothes when
you're a parent you know if your kids
aren't in at least 15 programs oh you
know if they're not amazing at
everything and yeah and they're not
doing well in school and nutritious
meals and your house is clean and
anyways there's a lot of things to be an
adult as
and so these days are important for us
to you know let go and just have fun
together and remember why we got married
in the first place because we did have a
blast together and we saw politics in
each other that we absolutely loved and
and made us better people so when we
weren't communicating and having fun
together and Papa you had a lot of
pressure at work a lot of pressure and I
had a lot of pressure with the kids and
we weren't communicating and there was
no fun and we weren't working as a team
yeah it wasn't it wasn't very fun at all
no when we started to work as a team you
know like tagging each other in and like
I got your back okay you got my okay
which play are we doing everything is
together so everything that we do now is
you know I got you you got me what do we
need to do together don't worry I got
this one so and so when we started to
work together and then having fun
together again that's when our marriage
really started to flourish flourish and
shine be happy and healthy and but it
took a lot of work yeah but now we know
we need this time for us to laugh and be
silly and yeah goof off have some fun
and be total goofs and not judge each
other
mm-hmm you know that's one of the things
I love you is that you never judge me
especially when I make mistake no I made
a lot of mistakes too but you never make
me feel bad about them no thank you I
love your monkey let's go have a fun
playdate I mean well I call it a
playdate whoa is that me
we got gas went shopping and now it's
time for an actual date night the whole
thing in me well the whole day's been a
date date nobody better not steal our
groceries from the man I don't know what
I'm gonna have I might just have like an
enchilada
meeting so cliche but definitely tutor
us at the end
oh all right let's go actually improve
let's go looks closed someone has open
its open
the cameras like literally balancing on
the dashboard right now ah that's it for
date date that's it for day day it's our
friend
yes our friends is very nice we had some
delicious food churros yeah it's a cure
for me I'm Ichiro commissary waffle Oh
Oh me what possum I don't miss monkey
hey oh oh oh I missed you here let's go
see your brother Phil oh you like the
little helmet I got you mr. monkey yeah
that is for a surprise that's coming
this week yeah we can't tell you what I
can't tell you what it is it's my
birthday present yeah it's your birthday
gift and it's not a bicycle it's not a
bicycle not a bicycle so stay tuned you
should be like a massage massage thing
for your head and he could like have a
remote with you and it like nads or does
like Oh like it like a head massage
helmet well it's perfect timing to end
the vlog well because we had date day
and we made an old meal date day we made
oatmeal
we had Mexican and we missed you did you
miss everybody
I missed my bed uh-huh what about me
yeah yeah come on yeah yeah yeah
