okay you guys noticed that I wasn't
around much in me and there were a lot
of comments in our video saying where's
mama B where's mama B how come mama B
isn't around earlier this year I was
announced as an ambassador for Lumos
Lumos is an awesome NGO that was founded
by JK Rowling JK Rowling
Lumos is working to make sure that
children grow up in families where they
belong
orphanages and institutions harm
children but progress is being made
around the world to make sure that
children don't have to live in them in
May I spent some time in Bulgaria which
is in Europe learning about some of the
work that's being done there when I
arrived there I met some amazing
families that are being supported by
local community services so that they
can stay together this is Valentin he
fought tirelessly to make sure his son
Ivan could come home to live with him
after he was sent to an orphanage once a
child has entered an institution it's
really hard for them to be able to leave
and as Valentin and his son's mother had
separated it was even harder but because
he never gave up he was able to bring
Ivan home he's a total hero I also met
Renata a young foster mom who had
completely transformed the life of the
girl she was looking after the girl was
seven years old had cerebral palsy and
had grown up in an orphanage in just a
year she was walking and talking for the
first time all because all the
one-on-one love and support her foster
mom was getting her Renata says foster
care is her calling their bond was
incredible to watch the Community
Support Centre run by our children
foundation that was working with them
was amazing but upstairs was an old baby
home which had closed in 2016 being in
this building and knowing that there
were hundreds of kids here wondering
every day if someone loves me
why I'm here and we need to provide
support to families who might be going
through a tough time we've been through
tough times I don't know anyone who
hasn't been through tough times my
heart's in through the grinder but
there's a glimmer of hope and so I'm
holding on to that hope so what do you
guys think when you see that I think
that what you're doing is amazing for a
limb loss and what Lumos in general is
doing is so great and I think that there
is a big amount of hope and I think that
together as humans on this earth we can
change everything around so that we
don't have children without a family oh
my gosh thank you so much we can do so
much because when we all help when we
all pitch in when we all stand up for
these kids and say yes we know that
they're out there and we're not gonna
turn our backs on them like these are
kids like you guys and you need support
you need protection you need guidance
you need the adults to to protect you to
be there for you what do you think when
you see this I think it's very unfair
and sad to see these children without
families because you need that love
growing up to keep pushing you forward
and supporting you it's sad to think
that these children are wondering when
they're gonna get a family like
wondering when when will somebody love
me how would you feel if mom and pop oh
we're not here for you I would feel like
I have I would give up my life like I
can't do anything now because I don't
have two loving parents or not even one
supporting me
do you like knowing them on my BOB are
here for you all the time yes I'm so
happy and I'm so thankful and I think
God every single day for giving me two
amazing parents well the great news is
that more and more families are being
supported to stay together and find each
other using services like this one okay
warning this next clip you might have
seen on my Instagram a few weeks ago and
it might be a little bit difficult to
watch but the message is so important so
I hope you'll watch it we've arrived
very early here it's the last baby home
here in Sofia and cameras are not
allowed
as a mother and as an ambassador for
Lumos it was very very difficult
typically kids are playing they're
rambunctious there was none of that
there was just silence it was an eerie
silence as you walk through you could
just feel that need for affection it
should be the absolute last resort
putting a child in an institution like
this this is the last baby institution
in Sofia because of all the work we've
been doing to change the system and get
children home two families only 24
babies came in last year and that means
that if there were just seven emergency
foster parents in Sofia there would be
no admissions to the institutions and
all the children could be in family care
even now it makes me emotional watching
that again because I remember how I felt
walking out of that building and it was
really eye-opening for me because I'm so
grateful for what we have here with our
family what did you guys think of that
as you said like there was silence it's
heartbreaking because when we go to a
daycare or an orphanage kids are
laughing and playing but they can cry
and nobody will come for them it's just
silence and that that makes me so
grateful and appreciative of what I have
like what we all have here like a family
I had my brother and I had my mom and I
had my dad and we're a happy family and
I love them
and I'm it makes me sad to see that that
kids don't some kids don't have that I
feel really sad and bad for them because
usually when you see a kid you expect
them to be hyper and rambunctious and
ready to play ready to do whatever but I
understand when you went in there and it
was silence that must be so bad for the
children because they're gonna grow up
with that silence and then they're gonna
grow up not knowing how to be be a kid
and I'm so thankful because when I come
home we have dance parties and we have
all of these things - we go on trips we
make the world an amazing place but we
also have fun and I can't imagine living
with me by myself with
my sister and my parents it's it
couldn't be imaginable
what was the best part of your trip I
think the best part of the trip for me
was learning more about Lumos learning
from georgette that is a CEO of Lumos
like I think I have loved as a mother
she has loved this woman has so much
love for millions and millions and
millions of kids around the world it was
a humbling experience to be able to
travel with her and to learn from her
because I have so much love and respect
for her and what she is doing and also
to the all of the Lumos team she
wouldn't be able to do it without
everyone and there's like 150 people
around the world that are fighting for
children and that are spanning for them
and creating programs to help them
around the world so thank you to Lumos
two most beautiful people you've ever
met that work for roubles thank you the
number of children and institutions in
Bulgaria has reduced by 86% in eight
years which is huge lots of children
used to be sent to these places because
they had disabilities and helping people
with disabilities to have a voice is an
important part of changing attitudes and
stopping this from happening we got to
celebrate the rights and potential of
people with disabilities in Bulgaria at
a street festival called ability day and
I also met with some young people with
disabilities who work with rules to
advocate for the rights of children
around the world these guys were so
inspiring they want to start their own
YouTube channel to share their voices
with the world how cool is that so how
can we all help
well we're helping right now by letting
you guys know of the wonderful work that
Lumos is doing so please guys go to we
are Lumos dot-org ask them questions
they're gonna respond to you help us
spread the word check them out on
Facebook Instagram and Twitter we need
you to tell everyone that children need
families not orphanages and I am so
excited to announce that we are doing
our part as the a.b family by donating
10000 we are so proud to be donating ten
thousand dollars from our family two of
the most because I've seen what they're
doing and I am so happy and excited that
I get to volunteer with them and spread
the word that we all need to help
children around the world children
around the world we all need to help
children around the world and there's a
really cool campaign now if you donate
before July 6 you and okay hold on let
me let me let's explain it with this
video that we have hey guys if you
donate to Lumos you and a loved one can
be headed to New York Paris or London to
attend the red carpet premiere of
fantastic beasts the crimes of
Grindelwald click the link in my bio to
find out more guys check this out we're
wizards ready
turn him into a pig we can we can like
edit that out right thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you can subscribe
if you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
