mommy finishes German interviews and she
gets all crazy good morning everybody
so we are waiting for a German
television show to call us now and we're
gonna do a FaceTime interview with them
mommy are you ready to speak German
how's your German German I can't do
German I can do a lot of languages but I
can't eat German danke danke Schoen
danke Schoen that's it we're just
waiting for them to call right now I'm
gonna set it down over here monkeys
how's your German I don't know any
German everything's gonna be in English
I think so it's okay I'm gonna set the
camera down and you guys will watch us
actually get interviewed on FaceTime I
figured we're all gonna be over here
somewhere and I'll make sure that to you
guys see the behind-the-scenes of us
being interviewed in Germany and then
what are we doing after this mami I
don't know what to eat everyone every
time I go I get the pizza mr. monkey
gets the pasta with the sausage we're
going all over the place today the chin
oh do you want the fettuccine with the
red sauce red cream sauce or roll song
like what's a relation of red and cream
Oh red and cream Rosie Wow and this
place must be amazing because mommy
loves it and she cooks really amazing
Italian food and we're actually going
out to eat Italian food
mm-hmm oh yeah debate sesh
so we start in Germany and then we
finish in Italy and we have another
place to go this week but it's a secret
Oh
but it's a cigarette we're gonna take
you with us playing again literally just
every week we're traveling yes
I love flying in the airplane mr. monkey
what's your favorite part about
traveling uh my favorite part about
traveling is meeting new people meeting
new people all right you guys over here
interviewing bad yeah they're our family
trips are the same as they were before
the cameras were on we used to be goofy
all the time there there are old videos
where we went to Disney World and we
were goofy and there was no reason for
us to post to youtube or to share with
anyone it was just for our pleasure and
it was just as funny and goofy never
once where we were on goofy if it
weren't for vining
to win everything we wouldn't be having
interviews with Germany going on trips
every single week
that's just an opportunity for me and my
family we want people in Germany to feel
like we're a family for Germany and
people in Brazil the same way in an
Italy everyone can feel like we're part
of their family and we love it people
come up to us and they want to take a
picture and say hello and give a hug the
language it was well that's it the
interview is done and now it's time to
mold mama B's mama B's like Oh mommy
finishes German interviews and she gets
all crazy
crazy I'm gonna go upstairs
Mia but I'm AJ more cheap cheap I mean
immortal I mean we went to Germany and
now we're gonna leave where we going
mama B Pollyanna
what's the difference between tortelloni
and tortellini what did you order miss
linguine al Mahdi
Temari
what did you order chichi
very nice oh nice I cappuccino something
mocha oh what Oh what
being at the south and mouth defeated
yourself to Boca I'm a little bit of car
karaoke yes
