date night late night we're gonna hug
for me miss monkey no date night and
we're late we're so we're so late let's
go everything and we are off we're on
the road now eyes on the road mummys
vlogs on the road it was a crazy yet but
we watch the car cars nice and washed we
sat at the car wash for an hour and we
snapchatted like crazy so I did grew
impressions matters like many more
impressions it looks like we're going to
be in this carwash lined up for another
three hours I swear I'm going to freak
out who are you texting
this Avery is it a girl or a boy
no unless it's a boy I'm gonna win that
hook line bling it with an hour why I
need to wait for now
car needed get walks I think I got a
haircut finally
but it's good it's good to be go out
once in a while have a date night with
friends absolutely they are so involved
with their children as parents that it's
nice to
disconnect for an evening and just be
ourselves
get back to our relationship goals
relationship goals baby we're gonna go
have some tacos with our friends from
our gym we become very good friends with
them
and you guys you guys probably seen them
in vines there are two brothers in
particular that have been in a couple of
wines of ours
I did it roastery line and one of them
just then tossed me over his head very
strong do you even lift bro they are all
amazing people they are like family to
us part of our lives listening from the
sunset now that is a nice selfie come on
come on come on what's the learning with
the education here what are we learning
here what well the educational piece in
this video is that couples need to make
time for each other and my parents who
have always given me amazing advice and
my mom said to me take care of your
husband let him know that he's the most
special person in your life spend time
with him so that when the children leave
you don't look over and you see a
stranger they need love they need
attention and they need to feel special
what that's not a witness absolutely but
women think that old men are rough and
tough and they don't need it no men are
soft and on the inside just like a
spitter
so it's important to me to find the
balance on getting time to myself
getting time to my children and also
give me time to my husband so that he
knows that I adore him
oh are you mommy nothing I'm doing a
live couples have Wed and have tried to
figure out how do we remain happy and
connected spend time with each other
spend time on each other and that's so
hard to do once you have children
because really children take up a lot of
time and they suck the energy out of you
and her like we wouldn't give it up for
anything else where ever you go but it
is also important for us to be together
and to remember how much fun we are
together as a team as a duo so that's
what we're doing mommy does so much for
the family and I think it's important as
a husband to try to do as much as
possible to help too just because you
work doesn't mean you can't do anything
else in the house if you come home so
when you see dirty dishes in the sink
just do that wash the dishes if you see
clothes I need to be washed throw them
in the laundry
don't make it a chore yeah it's not a
chore and don't keep track yeah don't
keep track of who does what that is the
worst thing you can do in a marriage
there is no counselor so when you see
something that needs to be done
just do it and yet a person's doing
things that you don't even know that
they're doing
that way things get done together and by
the end of the evening you are not
completely exhausted and you have energy
to spend time together spend as much
time as possible together having fun
make time you have children make time at
least once a month once
what's a No we do it quarterly like when
we go once every maybe three months and
we always say we got to do this more
often we got to do this market but life
is busy life is hectic life gets in the
way but what we do we are excited and we
dress up for each other
and we have an amazing evening and
that's I think the key also to marriage
is remembering how fun it was when you
were dating when you're dating and
you're so excited to see that person in
your shower and you doll yourself up my
mother always used to say to me what if
you're lucky lad you'll fight at the
wedding though put lipstick on for your
husband you know and I used to think
like who cares but now I understand I
want to be attractive for him I want him
to remember why he married me why he
chose me I chose you because you're
beautiful on the inside and on the
outside and I think sure to shave
because sweetly face for the ladies but
I chose to manscape guys that's a little
too much information marriage is not
easy we have had many ups and downs over
the years and we are in a good place now
but please don't think that it
we have learned the hard way on what not
to do and what to do one of our
relationship professionals we're just
human like everybody else you can take
just one piece of advice from find your
happiness but I mean
life as a mother father it's hard life
is hard
raising a family is hard getting along
is hard
unifying two lives is hard and this is
how we have finally made it work your
biddie years many ups and downs don't
take life too seriously serious or
serious no when we think of how little
that is in comparison to the history of
the universe and of the world our lives
needs
but we make such a big deal out of the
most ridiculous things and we stress it
was miserable and we're sad and we're
just depressed but if we think about
life as when something doesn't go as it
should
wasn't meant to be let's try something
different let's look at it differently
you will see how your life will change
and your stress levels will change and
you'll divert your attention to other
things and make other things work so
when one door closes okay another one is
opening oh so that is how we have chosen
to live our life is not stressing over
the little things you know what that's
okay we're gonna do something different
and what I teach my children is every
day the Sun comes out the Sun rises
that's one of the few guarantees we have
in this life and as the Sun rises we
have hope for a new day for a new
beginning so it no matter how badly we
messed up yesterday there is a new
chance for a new beginning
you should never give up so that's what
I told my kids is today may seem
absolutely terrible have a great sleep
and tomorrow we're gonna figure out how
to change it we're gonna be there with
you and things will get better you will
see change is good taco time we are
actually on the highway and we were
actually supposed to be there right now
we're supposed to be there right now
before we close this off we are gonna
show you some tacos
if you want to see more videos if you
want us to post more at all do you want
us to have more you want mama be a vlog
more and hold the camera and don't worry
it's got like a little beast a whole a
arms all over the place right now
Huckabee to to shake and everyone's like
Doritos yet let us know if you want to
see more relationship or parenting type
relationship relationship or some
understanding that we can be in the
future we was plannin oh just a friend
but you say he's just a friend
all baby new traffic got what I need you
say he's just a friend but you say he's
just all baby you mean mister monkey
you're insane yeah when you mr. monkey
to sing sing rule
the party to prevent some party never
ends with the abies y'all
oh yeah
