today I become a culinary master chef
tonight I am the one who is going to
cook for the family
the monkeys and mombi are a little
doubtful but thanks to hellofresh they
send us a nice box of amazing meals and
these are precisely set meals each week
they deliver a box of food with three
different meals and these are like super
fancy meals you got mozzarella crusted
chicken you have honey glazed pork
tenderloin and you get Gruyere pear and
caramelized onion grilled cheese that
sounds pretty fancy to me so I asked you
guys on snapchat and unanimously you
guys want me to do the mozzarella
crusted chicken so these are super fresh
ingredients they are precisely measured
so I don't have to go around the kitchen
looking for for extra paprika or
whatever you guys use when you cook it's
all in there it's all the ingredients
and they give you this like step by step
booklet so we have mozzarella crusted
chicken that's what we're gonna do today
they give you the exact ingredients
inside the box and then step-by-step
instructions so I can't really mess this
up tonight I'm gonna do it I gotta prove
to my family that I can do it so this is
almost like a challenge video like a dad
cooks dinner challenge okay so it looks
like there's five steps to this step one
prep the ingredients to roast the
vegetables three make the crust cook the
chicken finishing plate looks pretty
straightforward to me look at that
Mitchell pictured mama B's here mommy's
here mommy's gonna mama B has her like
serious supervisor glasses on it gets
seriously handles glasses baby well this
is a serious matter
food fashion fashion you know mama B's
nutrition nutrition usually skills
nutrition
Lucas yawning yawning
what did everyone choose what do they
want to see tonight I'm making the
chicken baby how that's cooking can't
wait you know you don't have that the
greatest reputation in the kitchen so
you this better be good in the past I've
been judged by my previous cooking I
don't think it was fair there's there's
actually nothing that I like about this
dish the taste is okay but do you not
believe in presentation is that not a
thing for you I actually don't like the
presentation I don't like the dish I
don't like the flavor
I thought the recipe was very
straightforward I don't know how you can
mess this one up but it's just cereal
and now it's time to prove my family
that I can cook the first thing I need
to do is preheat the oven to 400 degrees
yes
preheat it to 400 degrees cut the
potatoes into half-inch wedges core and
quarter the tomatoes mince the garlic
okay
everything's washed and dried
mince the garlic so I am going to mama
baby star faith in me oh yeah
step to roast the vegetables toss the
potatoes on one side of a foil lined
baking sheet so I'm basically supposed
to do that I'm angry okay okay okay
I'm going as fast as I can good all
right
she's my sous chef so Mumbi I need a
drizzle of olive oil and a pinch of salt
and pepper okay so I'm gonna like
sprinkle and my hands are clean mama B
by the way I wash my hands with soap and
water
look at that boom picture-in-picture
being a master chef like me I started
tossing potatoes and tomatoes all right
after this I might open up a restaurant
how's about that next step dois hmm
that's French for threes mozzarella
Henkel paprika and the oregano we're
good okay so I have to mix all these in
a bowl no food waste so this is like
exactly measured okay so I got my
beautiful sous-chef who cleaned the
chicken breast mixer is reading the
whole Bobby thank you very much I got
the tray there
how's that look I always thought of me
like this would take like an hour or two
hours to make like those massive crazy
meals but no it only took 30 minutes
okay now we wait
I'm a culinary chef you're not really
really yeah really I can tell you that I
can teach you guys a thing or two
yeah really like you know how to make
men Angus yeah what are you straining
down here we yeah we have my secretly
stream it's like these guys are running
their own like streaming streaming
channel while I'm upstairs cooking all
right I'll go upstairs I don't wanna
burn my chicken it's ready wow that is
beauti watts mozzarella and crust the
chicken the potatoes still need a little
bit more time they need to crisp it
crisp beneath it they need to put eight
cuz the potatoes are gonna put eight
haters gonna hate
potatoes gonna put a tomato is gonna
turn amazing initech but I don't want to
do it Bobby Bobby wants to marry me not
yeah so thanks to hellofresh
my wife loves me again not saving
marriages King Bobby want to walk out
front hello fresh actually has a special
offer and they will take thirty five
dollars off your first week of
deliveries and they said that if you use
the promo code
eh-eh-eh if you use the promo code eh
your hellofresh calm and put that promo
code in they will hook you up with a
discount and you'll be the culinary chef
like me like me don't have sweaty piss
no good culinary chef like me oh-oh-oh
that Mama bean they're ready oh my
goodness I think all we need to do now
is place them is that what they see in
the culinary world you waited Wow look
at that look at that go hey look at that
that's the picture and that is what I
made monkeys okay I got it I get it guys
thank you thank you
hi guys chicken with the phone cool no
seriously guys I'm really good at this
come on yah yah yah yah
