it's 6:00 a.m. I'm in New York City and
I've committed to run with Casey nice
dad and then I'm going to Twitter and
then I'm gonna go see Bill Gates today's
gonna be a really busy day three days
later so I'm back there's my luggage I
try to pack light my lovely beautiful
mama B is here I miss you so much mommy
I missed you so bad I missed mama B so
much the team was not complete you were
missing the drummer song back hmm I do
so many crazy things I know with so many
fancy people lots of fancy people I ran
with with kc9 stet which was very
painful he's an amazing writer an
amazing runner like thank you I stopped
running with him a long time ago because
he would just take off and then come
back to where I was and I make me feel
even worse that he would actually run
ahead I'm back I'm still dying and so
he's like doing this
skip yeah I'm trying to meet him I
stopped the hip being so just so just
imagine the just the tables have turned
completely because when you're running
with Casey nice day he doesn't jog he
but he runs he runs he is he's like a
triathlete he's any scale like any scale
mountains I'm ready I'm bundled up ready
to go I got my what are those on for
those of you who don't know Casey he's
an awesome youtuber he's an inspiration
of mine one of my favorite youtubers
check up there I'll put up put a link so
he's a really cool guy and I'm super
psyched and he's an amazing runner and
I'm very nervous
still very nervous okay I'm gonna go
okay I'm going for a nice Christmas run
with no run New York City's messed-up
guy right now me but holy run it he's a
crazy cat is that the wolf yeah I felt
so bad because because we kind of slow
down a little bit I could tell that
Casey was slowing down because he knew
that I was dying but I don't want to
slow him down it's like I asked him to
go running so yeah and I was able to
capture some footage of us while we were
running but it was it was bad I look
like um better call Saul when I was I
was like they see my hair was flapping
everywhere man Meg look ball like it was
crazy but my my ankles my ankles hurt I
don't even know how much I've been
running okay thank you so much I just
tried to make him proud
thank you for out he's like Casey's now
become my life coach Thank You Casey
I immediately regret this is you in the
first ten minutes but you know it's
worth it cuz after about 15 minutes I
like you know - understand owed I'm good
be getting fit thank you this is
multitasking at its best
thank you so much DZ this is yeah this
is like maximizing our time thank you
for making me never quit running
opportunity to quit oh good oh and then
when I went to Twitter that day everyone
at Twitter said where's mama be in the
monkeys so we have to come back Twitter
was really awesome the folks there were
amazing so that was a very busy day
running with KC going to Twitter that
was a crazy run it was awesome to run
with KC he's amazing runner learned a
lot and he ran me back to the hotel he's
an absolute beast I'm gonna catch my
breath drink some water and and I'm off
to Twitter I have I have 10 minutes
remember you guys know personnel
birthday we're at the Twitter office I
hope you guys know this but mine is
Twitter Twitter's vines that's all the
same thing and we're here sorry guys
okay going to Twitter and then going to
YouTube and hanging out with Bill and
Melinda Gates and then getting my law
job my Maillol jocked Mike McCalla
locked so we are at YouTube space in New
York right now this is the official
launch of Bill and Melinda Gates annual
letter I'll add a link in the video that
we posted about it what your super
powers for good would be so I've been
invited so this is awesome in here and I
learn Lots where did you get the first
idea of doing a few family videos um
well we started originally on vine but
okay before that we were always making
funny family videos and just being goofy
on camera and find just help this early
excel are our presents and a lot of
people started following sharing our
content and we just start getting
inspired by everyday life the dead
husband walking series which is
basically me saying things to my wife
that I shouldn't have said as a husband
and I was so that's that's what I did
and a lot of people thought that in the
vine that I posted I'll show you that
clip no Kanye I'm not gonna ask him I
won't ask him don't worry about it start
going in that vine that I posted that
Bill Gates was a wax sculpture because
he didn't really move so he was totally
totally like the idea but he was just
kind of like alright you just want me to
like hang out and everyone thought he
was a wax sculpture so I was actually
post pictures online to show people that
I was actually there it wasn't like a
wax museum and in that in that video
it's so funny because I posted that vine
mama be and what happened was I had ten
seconds with Bill Gates and I say hey I
got this funny vine idea and one of one
of the folks that were there
we're like you have ten seconds I was
like I don't I don't need more than six
seconds that's all good so I random
grabbed I don't even know whose phone it
was they were about to take a picture of
Bill Gates and I literally grabbed their
phone and their phone was still in
camera like it there their iPhone was it
the the camera was open so they were
literally they had their phone open to
take a picture and I grabbed the camera
as I think about this I need this has a
problem and I didn't turn the foot I
didn't turn the camera off
to pretend that I was actually talking
to Kanye West so in the vine you can see
me going car gay no I'm not gonna ask
I'm brought up up but in the shot you
can clearly see that I don't have I have
the camera on I'm not talking anybody in
the pool so thank you internet thanks to
the world of the internet you guys never
cease to you guys never cease to like
wait a second nope nope nope the cameras
on there's no way he's talking to Kanye
West
notice that he's cameras on and that
he's not really talking and you know
what that's Bill Gates he's a wax
sculpture that's not a real Bill Gates
there's no way you girls are so dumb and
they were like tagging vine and Twitter
telling people how dumb I was more like
listen I was able to hang out with Bill
Gates and that was like the fourth thing
that I did that day and my neck hurts
because I've been into a sandwich and my
jaw locked
I'm watching Bill and Melinda Gates on
stage and they're talking about the
gates letter and I'm watching this and
I'm eating a sandwich and my neck just
goes do you see what happens when women
are not there do you see what men do
when they are left alone to their own
choices and decisions he locks his job
didn't realize the sandwich was too big
as it was approaching his face right he
asked actually had to this didn't jump
define no is it dislocate this little
bit disjunct define my jaw mama B
next time you're coming wow that was an
exciting day I experienced a lot today
and I was glad to take
with me and now it's time to rest and go
home see the monkeys see mama B I miss
them and now mama B is gonna tell us
what I missed while I was in New York
yeah there's a lot of things I missed
apparently mama B well I was
gallivanting
well you're gallivanting the fancy
people sciency people I was with the
fences I was here cooking and cleaning I
was being a nurse I'm being a nurse
you're why were you a nurse because mr.
monkey got a splinter in his finger was
he climbing trees again or something
nothing happens when you're here you
leave one time when the monkeys are
really small I left I was in LA and the
monkeys smashed each other's heads and
they both in and they both had these
like huge welts on their board they were
like unicorn you were running around the
house and they smashed their foreheads
together and they each got a gigantic
bubble on their forehead so I looked at
them immediately started to crying
because I couldn't believe what had just
happened while they were in my care
mm-hmm and started putting ice on them
and was panicking a little because I had
never seen my children with unicorn
unicorn heads and I cooked up a storm
you cooked up with yeah Oh a lot of
healthy food for everybody
yeah mombi sent me an awesome picture so
I made sure to post that on on our
snapchat but I'm gonna share it with you
guys now you guys can see it should I do
that and as companies I just cover your
head with food right here and one of the
ladies on my
- Graham asked if I could do a video on
meal prep so oh I don't know if that's
something that would interest people Oh
have a recipe yeah but a guidance on how
to meal prep you know I would never
think of something like that but I guess
people don't really know how to eat
yeah in the comments let us know if you
want to see mom movie set up maybe do a
meal prep video we post it on YouTube
but I'm away mom he still kills it in
the gym yeah so you killed it 30
2010-2013 wall balls and kettlebell
swings that's a lot of so something you
guys might know what a wall ball is just
like a really huge medicine ball you
throw up in the air I know with that I
dare you to do a wall ball right now
with that crystal that is cleans in here
ah but you're trying to hit a target
like a 10 foot target that will have the
wall ball and the kettlebell swing is
headed well and you're just like secure
your mm-hmm bull chest up head up head
through kettlebell oh don't poop your
pants when you're doing it monkeys did
you miss me did you miss me a lot or a
little a lot a lot okay good I want you
to miss me a lot I'm just gonna end this
video now I just wanted to kiss the
monkeys before ending this video work
anything no I didn't bring you back any
what were you in Casey's blog no I
wasn't in Keith
