monkeys where are we going today we're
gonna go there and we're gonna meet with
Obama's senior staff and cabinet we're
gonna talk about climate change you know
something about the environment you did
that in university I'm gonna get most of
the listening cuz uh yeah I don't really
have much to say that's okay you can
listen and if you feel like you want to
say something but I think polar bears
are cute yes polar bears are cute and
they must remain cute so we must save
the environment and make sure we do our
part so we're going and how much of
other people are going there's a lot
happening within the last 300 years a
temperature in the world has risen good
it's not good for the animals for their
habitats it's not good for us the world
is really suffering this is a huge
passion of mine the environment and
politics are too interested in mine and
so I am so excited to go to the White
House and I hope we get to meet all by
himself whoa President Obama and his
wife maybe we will just celebrated her
birthday on Sunday so I am so hoping to
meet her I think she is the coolest
first lady ever we will try to take you
along with us as much as possible
whatever they allow us whatever they
allow us I'm sure that Secret Service
will be making sure that you can't bring
that camera and I'll say that's not good
because you've invited people who are on
the Internet
so we got to figure something out here
so yeah we'll follow the rules well
obviously I think that the White House
you kind of have to follow the rules I
think you can't be or work yeah I think
you kind that's the White House are you
excited yeah do you know anything about
climate change that it hurts polar bears
because we pollute the air that's right
so we have to do our part what can we do
at home that makes us a little bit more
efficient not use a lot
energy not use a lot of oil in energy it
makes the ray of light in the Sun hotter
and it brings it to the North Pole which
makes it which makes it hotter in the
North Pole when the polar bears have
like a nice a nice piece like this big
to live on it shrinks to like this to
big and then they don't end them they
need to find a place to live
Wow because when we burn fossil fuels
right and we drive a lot what does that
release into the air gas or carbon Orban
die off right and is that good or bad
that very bad right all right let's get
to the airport okay let's do it
Judas Judas my my Poppa gotta get their
coffee even though it's not early in the
morning we gots to get our coffee ritual
it's a ritual as a tradition it is a
tradition of oral tradition we have a
couple of traditions and one of them is
they all include
all right monkeys here it is the plane
Oh mommy's a little cold they're gonna
be honest it's a pretty small plane
should be okay
should be fine just
and follow along as I point out some of
the safety features of the EMV 145
aircraft the door through which you
entered in an evacuation escape has
lighting on the floor will guide you to
an exit
Washington National Airport monkeys
isn't this like the cleanest airport
oh it smells super fancy there it is
kids welcome to Washington can you guys
see the White House from you no no
that's a nice Terrace tomorrow's a big
day monkey so time to go sleep Oh for me
tena koe sleep ah there we go
goodnight Marquis well good morning mr.
president
morning how you doing good mama B wow
you look ravishing the family looks
incredible whoa and the shoes everyone's
shoes are on point we are ready for that
what White House today is White House
day we were gonna go we're gonna meet up
with a whole bunch of great people and
we're gonna discuss climate change which
is super important I like this planet I
love this planet I don't want to go
anywhere I don't want to jump in a
rocket ship and go to Mars and try to
figure that I like where we are we have
pulled up to the White House and we're
waiting did you bring your ID mommy we
ate it hello mr. Matthew Santoro what's
going on guys
Wow you ready for this yes I'm so
excited
so it started from the bottom now now
we're here now we're here me bogies
house feet boogies be buggy and you
brought your camera I did I just brought
my phone because I'm nervous that's okay
it's more compact it's less for them to
search I feel like they're gonna search
every piece of electronics oh yeah they
open the gate let's go times I showed my
phone down
see you guys later
we are inside the White House right now
going to the East Wing mommy how do you
feel with these pictures we had a great
meeting about climate change Stevie
Wonder
the prints of the presidential announced
there it is in the red white and blue
mr. monkey I got three I got three
mama B loves Michelle Obama see Dada
Michelle
that's so sweet mama B did you ever
think you'd see President Obama's
doggies you're never watching that in
again this is all the books are as you
could guess about American history
starting at that corner and then using
this old antiquated system called the
Dewey Decimal System going all the way
around intro there my personal favorite
section is over here this is where we
have all the Arts in America so Jackson
Pollock Bob Dylan lyrics you name it
it's all over here read any good books
lately George Washington's sword
this is the fanciest room in the White
House and this is Raven host dinners for
presidents from around the world so I
look at this room look at the chandelier
that's amazing woman birthday to be in
here
future mayor President Obama amazing
thank you so much for everything even
it's a grand tour of the White House
this is amazing thank you so much Wow
now they've kicked us out you don't got
to go home but you got to get out of
here thank you I go find my family
family top 10 facts about the White
House go number one all the rooms in the
White House are not creatively named
like the reddit room is the Red Room
that's all you need just once that's it
that's that one famous fest is gonna be
in our collaboration are you just why we
didn't get to see be buggy I'm a little
disappointed but you know what we saw
everything else we did we saw you know
what in all seriousness we got some
amazing pictures
yeah those amazing like check out this
guy's Instagram oh thank you I'm just
saying and you gotta have taken the
picture it's exactly you gotta make sure
you subscribe to Matthew Santoro
Instagram and snapchat you probably
already subscribe to his YouTube channel
but I will make sure I put it in the
description and we're back going back
home mama B how do you feel
super tired super tired did you have fun
was it worth it yeah yeah oh yeah you
were good Rain Man pitch it and reverse
it
oops ear Truman playing it chin tariffs
German explained yet if you got a hit
something like that I don't know the
words that one either
that's it to say goodbye in turn yes
that was a fun adventure in Kuwait house
and everything yeah thank you White
House thanks White House thank you to
the folks thank you for the folks that
invited us today to talk about climate
change and something that's really dear
to our heart make sure the environment
is taken care of and we all have our
part whatever we can do thanks for
watching guys we love you we're gonna go
back we're gonna sleep now
cats
