guess what the question and answers here
hey everybody we are doing a question of
answer and it'll be in pieces because
we've answered some questions and some
other clips and we may be going back and
forth or we may just do one at a time I
don't know how we're gonna do it we're
gonna answer your questions we have
passed you to send us questions on
Facebook on Twitter on snapchat so we're
gonna answer some of those questions now
we've done a Q&A in the past so I'll
make sure to link that here I think this
is serious very serious so we're gonna
answer your questions right now
okay there we go I think that's great
I like you sure what is this thing trust
trust the universe very nice one of the
questions we got was regarding Papa Eni
showing affection in the video it was
one of the earlier questions and I read
so I don't remember the name of the
person acid it but you are correct and
realizing that we don't show our
affection for each other in the videos
we don't want to do anything that
disrespects our kids when I was a kid if
my friends came over to our house like
you guys are coming to our house right
like we're all together or hanging out
if I was a kid and my parents had
started like kissing and making out with
each other in front of my friends I
probably would've ya know the granthi
about it that's how I feel is that our
friends and family are coming into our
house and hanging out with us and we
don't feel it's appropriate to be all
over each other and in front of like the
kids in front of everybody right we know
how we feel about each other how much we
love each other we don't need to display
that to the world
that's how we feel everyone else that
does their own thing yeah that's why
we're never never know
but we are very we are very affectionate
yeah but we're not long with my next
question we were also asked about our
family bond how do you keep your family
bonds so strong how do you have a
healthy family and like seriously having
a healthy family it's not such a bizarre
idea like such an unattainable thing
people ask as if you're saying you know
how are you
skydiving instructor right so you're not
only crazy enough to jump out of a plane
and risk your life but you are actually
teaching people how to do this 10 to 15
times a date like that's something
that's phenomenal having a healthy happy
family is not something that totally out
of this universe there's a few points
that I came up with that I think are
really really important the first one is
to stop fighting in front of the kids we
stopped that early on in our
relationship went in the beginning
especially you're merging two lives it's
extremely difficult to do when the kids
were small we decided we were never
again gonna fight in front of them trust
me on this one it affects them and it's
very unhealthy for them emotionally the
next one is stop yelling at your kids
and start talking to them like there are
people that we know who basically yell
at their kids all the time is we are
aiming at their kids yeah horrible
yelling at your kids all the time
it really doesn't do anything messing
with them up here interfering with them
here just tell them tell them how you
feel you don't have to be their best
friend that's not what it's about you
would think that they are just the most
incredible human beings if you actually
talk to them and delve into their minds
the other thing was to disconnect from
work we've been in such a busy world
where people are like working 24 hours a
day they got their cell phones they're
checking their emails you know getting
back and forth because unfortunately we
need money in this world to survive you
need to leave your work problems at work
and when you come home to your spouse
and your kids you need to dedicated
yourself entirely to them and be there
for them and laugh with them and hang
out how was your day please do not bring
that stress into your family because
your kids especially can't do anything
feel helpless and they feel sad and fear
I used to do that when I had my in my
office job I would come home
I would never disconnect I would bring
my problems to the table no one really
understood it didn't help anybody and it
was the waste of time and it just made
everybody more stressed for no reason I
created a lot of problems in our
marriage that was fixed this is like a
QA but it's like a mom of the insight
when I can't sleep at night and I have a
million thoughts going through my head I
start writing them out on paper and it
can be some parenting to how I'm feeling
to the world to anything I keep a
notebook by my bed with lots of thoughts
that I've had and so this is stuff
that's really important to me and
special to me and that's why I want to
share it with all of you and I hope you
really appreciate it this is a guide
from our experience these are our
lessons that we've learned that we're
sharing with you you can either take it
or not actually a lot of questions
regarding this regarding why our family
so strong and how do we have so much fun
and how does it work and how can I have
a family like this so that's why I see
your like like a step away from it just
you know just give yourselves like don't
be selfish when you stop getting your
kids burdens like you know when they
know about that there's many problems
where you can't pay the bills but we've
seen in the past with other families
other parents is that a lot of parents
they get like really emotional and they
want that comfort from their children
too
yeah you know they circle my mom
everything is gonna be okay no oh yeah
you can't get your way around
you should be comforting your kids and
being there for them regardless of
what's going on in your life there's a
saying in Spanish that says mahadev a
caballo get off your high horse it's not
about you anymore it's about the kids
it's about what they need to survive to
be good human beings when you stop
burdening them with stress and fear and
pen
and anxiety they can focus all that
energy on what they're good at what
makes them happy what are their talents
and gifts what inspires them right and
then that they can grow up and be
healthy adults when they've seen stuff
that they shouldn't have an experience
stuff that they shouldn't have
you're already changing who they are and
you're instilling panic and fear and
that will affect them later on in life
we got another question from Sarah on
email asking about my fitness and beauty
tips beauty tips she's a natural she's a
mess hilarious
you are awesome Sarah for the things
that you said she is flawless and so
gorgeous no she is no you don't see me
first thing in the morning when I get
out of bed like it's scary I do she's
lying don't believe anything you hear
listen nobody's flawless and I certainly
am NOT and thank you for thinking that
my skin is flawless
if so not ice look at acne and I come on
really I thought that would be over with
when I was a teenager but I am
definitely not thank goodness for makeup
and all that funky stuff I've never had
fake eyelashes I would love to try that
someday but the idea kind of terrifies
me because I have contacts on and anyone
who's ever worn contacts knows but if
you have a little speck of something in
your eye
it drives you crazy and the thought of
having those like baked clam things but
like it looks great I love how it looks
on women but I've just I'm scared to
like put it in my eyes with my contact
lenses that contouring stuff I've never
had that done you know they do like the
brown line you're a brain and that you
look like a lion before they like these
smudge everything like amazing like I
love stuff like that but I just don't
know how to do it it has to do with
the health of your mind so pop and I
always try to have positive thoughts we
try to see their goodness in life rather
than dwelling on the bat we surround
ourselves with really good people yeah
always with positive people we got rid
of pretty much all the negative people
in our lives
yeah anybody who brings us down
emotionally or mentally or keeps
bringing up like negative behaviors
maybe nothing pretty keep bringing up
old stuff but I don't like to hang out
with people getting bringing up old
stuff what I was saying person we were
10 years ago we're not the same person
we were five years ago even one year ago
like you keep evolving as a person or
you should evolve with new experiences
wisdom yeah
you know and that's what we do that's
what keeps us that's what keeps us in
the proper mindset to take care of
ourselves
so going back how does mama be doing
mama B exercises and eats right and
drinks a lot of water and I mean you go
to you spend a lot of time in yoga so
you do your yoga at least five days a
week at least you are in CrossFit at
least four or five days a week and I go
to CrossFit with Mama B and I love it
there's a lot of great exercises I'll
get rid of all your stress your your
stresses in them is so toxic in our
bodies that when you are stressed all
the time and I might've Alex in a bad
mood and you almost have a chip on your
shoulder and you see like all the misery
in the world like it's good to release
that stress yeah I can't do that love
that go exercise sweat it out so we do
that you're gonna get people who who are
scientists and like CrossFit and
exercising and they come back and tell
you it's dangerous you know what
everything's dangerous and you have to
be running their fuel everything's
dangerous you have to really be careful
you have to know your body know your
limits surround yourself with great
coaches great trainers so whether you do
CrossFit or whether you're running a
marathon or whether you're riding a bike
everything has its pros and cons we have
fun we feel really fit it's changed us
so that's what we do your healthy body
starts here yeah totally and then it
goes here and you got to love yourself
before you start loving everyone
yeah so this is a kind of a QA but it's
also sort of an inspirational message
from our perspective you might not agree
with everything we say and that's okay
this is our experience and we had so
many questions as so many people have
asked us how we do certain things so
we've decided we're gonna do that and we
had actually more questions about our
family life and us personally
more so than our videos yeah so we had a
lot of questions about videos and oh
yeah and everything that we do but more
of the questions that guide say 60% of
them was regarding life just returning
like parenting in the children's so just
just our experience with the things that
we've done that's it mom B says spoken
mama B has a lot of knowledge and she
gets very passionate about lots of
things as you can clearly see and that's
why I love mama B so you have 10 seconds
favorite foods go Indian food sushi
Thai Filipino Vietnamese Italian Greek
Mexican Mexican Argentinian everything
everything so pretty much everything
middle-eastern Oh everything is just so
good oh and healthy we eat a lot of
memory we eat a lot of it and you know
what the monkeys they they eat with us
the old Brazilian meat
what's that Brazilian me I don't like a
Brazilian area Brazilian any
all-you-can-eat Brazilian meet these
wonderful Brazilian men meet to your
table does life get any better than that
ladies Brazilian Layla Brown on Twitter
asks why do you call your wife and
yourself bees but you call your kids
monkeys
it's to throw you all along it's give
you things just to confuse you that you
will never understand because we don't
know either we have no idea we decided
to call ourselves the B family just
because of our
last name starts with a B and we just
did that and we decided nicknames were
fun that was it and the monkeys we've
called the monkeys from that day they
were born
from day one they've been the monkeys
they're cute and funny and cuddly we've
never really just went with first names
on video and it's been like three years
and we we just haven't we haven't done
that we just have fun with nicknames and
now you guys enjoy and we like it we
have fun
Laura X Tomlinson on YouTube asks could
there be a possibility of some more
cooking videos from Papa B I can cook I
can cook I've said this before I can
cook I can cook eggs
can you cook you can cook an egg I can
make nachos you've seen the nachos mama
B is a really good cook
Wow she makes a lot of great stuff so
what and there will be at least for now
at least one cooking video a month at
least but we can try to turn it up a bit
thank you everyone who likes my cooking
videos I like it very much
I enjoy making them so we are gonna try
to make um them more frequently oh yeah
definitely what do you like to do as a
family that's a question from Shannon on
Twitter well we have a clip what is our
favorite thing to do together so
it's actually going to the movies but
tonight we're going bowling we go to the
movies and then if there's nothing to
watch in the movie theater we'll go go
bowling yes we do a lot of things
actually we watch a lot of movies at
home when play video games at home we
like a lot of downtime we like to go to
the park a lot go for walk hang out
outside enjoy fresh air those are some
great questions and I hope that we were
able to or mama B was able to provide
some insights me you had some great
insight Saudis are very passionate
passionate insight mama B's very pure a
yin and the yang yes I am the emotional
passionate one mm-hmm and Papa B is very
analytical yeah he is very almost like a
problem you know over step-by-step
instruction manual figure out anything
so this Q&A is one it's emotional it's
inspirational it's and last point is we
celebrate everything we celebrate a lot
like we celebrate for no reason we have
celebrations for absolutely everything
we do so every Tuesday night were like
we should celebrate we're just
celebrating we're like we have no idea
let's celebrate
we celebrate that it's not Monday on
Tuesday rain on a Thursday we celebrate
that it's almost Friday celebrate
everything we hope you enjoyed that Q&A
ask your questions in the comments and
we will answer them in the future and if
you liked the parenting advice from our
perspective let us know and if you wants
to answer more questions like that I
know our videos are not always gonna be
they're gonna be with a little bit of
insight from what we know from our
experience experience what we've
experienced in life you know if we can
kind of help
you ever that maybe we can help somehow
it's all done with love I hope you guys
know that oh yeah and we love you guys
thank you so much
the monkeys are the monkeys are
downstairs playing they're playing we
don't want to bug them my brain they're
having a break we don't want to we want
to bug the monkeys we love you guys and
we will see you again soon
your show my acne yo
