what I was saying was when I was a kid
we had hello hello
today we have something really really
awesome what is it we got contacted by
the folks at Anki their robotics AI
company and they make this on can they
overdrive okay this is ridiculous
robotics racecars the future is here you
can battle each other you can do all
kinds of crazy stuff so Anki contacted
us and said would you like to do some
crazy robotic racing with your family
and I said yeah throughout this video
keep an eye on Miss monkey's face if
she's losing she makes the best sore
loser face this monkey slept with brave
last night so that you have curly hair
back to the racing this is the starter
kit so this starter kit has two
supercars curved track pieces straight
track pieces riser pieces it comes with
ground shock and skull and it's
basically cars that you control with an
app you put the cars on a track and you
battle each other in your race you can
shoot each other through the app you can
do like tractor beams and do all kinds
of really cool stuff gonna have a little
challenge everyone's gonna have their
own tablet or phone to control their car
you can customize the characters you can
set the different modes you can upgrade
your car and it happens on the actual
track so it combines gaming it combines
race cars on the track it's pretty much
all in one this is pretty awesome the
monkeys are super excited about this and
not only do we get the starter pack
which is pretty much all you need to
have fun we got speed kids bring
collision kit and a quarter kit a lot
older kids there's a launch kit there's
one car
yeah we're gonna put together we're
gonna race right now right now we need
music let's get some racing music what
about this one no what about this one
if you're wondering how they connect
like is it complicated there's actually
little magnets right there you just go
one two boom they're ready nice and easy
just connected with thank you things
like these pieces have to connect to
something
monkeys this is a might a nice track
that you got here the monkeys put this
together with the starter kit and a
bunch of extra pieces that Anki sent us
we should get going we should do this
let's do it up all right here are the
cars monkeys pick your cars thermo Brown
shot good so the monkeys are getting all
set up they have their apps there are
different options you can either race
you can have a battle you'll be king of
the hill you can do time trial so
there's all kinds of different game
modes you can play against your friends
you can play against the robots that's
your character well he has a button
right now the cars are scanning the
track that is insane so this is where
like the robotics AI stuff comes in mis
monkeys got her spots
mr. monkeys got his spots okay monkeys I
think you're ready to race
is this the race for 30 laps yeah oh
snap you need a red car bow-wow miss
monkey how's it going so you can change
lanes by tilting your phone what hey
each car has the different weapon yeah
you sure yeah so there's an accelerator
on the left side and on the right side
those are the weather you can actually
shoot and it'll tell you how many laps
miss monk is standing now how easy is it
you can actually use the weapon Oh No
after happening it just disables you we
have a winner
loot crate rematch rematch this is fun
because you can actually have the whole
family playing everybody gets their own
like tablet or phone you pick your car
and you race each other when I was a kid
they obviously did not have this bad
slot car tracks where you could just
basically put it in one line and they go
around and you basically just click
Mickey clicky clicky clicky and that's
all you had are you ready to race
awesome what I was saying was when I was
a kid we had these little the same
miss monkeys losing so sometimes she
gets very upset so she just yelled at me
to whisper moving I got in her way
didn't nature is not running
she doesn't run in the family I haven't
know anyway yeah the cars coming over
themselves now I can technology yo
notice Canada track it's all ready to go
oh oh
winner winner chicken dinner mr. monkey
wins Wow
second place this monkey no sore-loser
face for Miss monkey the congratulations
mama B did you have fun what but that
was so much fun
wins again champion awesome mr. monkey
wins the challenge
congratulations mr. monkey you win
nothing
did you swim bragging rights mr. monkey
is the champion of our race our is that
you baby
oh the champion oh the champion racer
champion kiss Wow and nobody cheated
that's great miss monkey you didn't
cheat today no rare it was very rare for
Miss monkey thank you again for unki for
sending us this they're an awesome
robotics AI company and they created
this Anki overdrive I will add details
in the description below so you guys
could find out more information thanks
for watching guys we love you
you know what I was filming what while
this was happening so I'm gonna destroy
the monkeys
