gear up monkeys we're making a cookie
pizza today we're making a cookie pizza
the monkeys are getting my little busy
busy busy helpers here we have a bunch
of cookie dough we're gonna make a big
ball we're gonna turn that into our
pizza dough we also have a cooking pan
so she's like put it inside the oven and
just have to put it on a sheet of baking
paper and then put some cookie and then
and then we make them all motorboating
really coated I think you get a look at
what we have for toppings mr. monkey we
have gonna fishes this is the anchovy
equivalent we got mini cookies for 1/4
for the pepperoni and white chocolate
with a cheese holes a chance also gummy
worms for them for that I have no idea
but everybody likes gummy worms on it so
we're gonna put some done - what's up oh
I'm eating I started eating right now
you're in a 13 focus data focus guys
okay thanks for inventing technology
doesn't focus properly but okay so the
first thing we need to do is while we
need to set up the the oven 350 degrees
Fahrenheit you got hit them until you
get 350 boom he just finds monkeys you
know where the parchment paper is Oh
cutting board please monkeys crying for
comment we're not gonna take little
pieces of the cookie and then put them
we're gonna squish it all together and
make one big piece of pie yes ma'am
that's what we're gonna do everybody
wash their hands okay good we should do
a little fishy squishy
Felicia Day bushy booshy and you guys
got a mixture if there's any access to
on your cutting board
please pick access I xxs Texas access XS
any excess dough on the cutting board
please take it back up because because
then if you're not gonna have it then we
don't want any problem all right
oh yeah we basically have this this is
what it looks like looks small but it's
big
here it is neat freaks what that all
right okay so I think it's it should go
in for like ten minutes I hope I've
never I've never done this before I've
never done this before but I'm gonna set
it up like ten minutes and now we wait
monkeys
okay it's ready oh now that is a matter
nice feet so we got here my goodness
it's very very very soft so we're
waiting for it to harden up just a
little bit
be very careful miss monkey because of
the tray is very hot mr. monkey you want
to come and see the pizza mama B you
want to see this pizza yeah this is the
pizza don't be so good are you doing
mommy you like it I want it okay so this
is our pizza dough and these are our
toppings we're going to put a layer of
cheese first
so monkeys just grab a little bit of
cheese and sprinkle it on top of the
pizza oh yeah some chocolate cheese we
got some cheese on this pizza you look
ravishing Bobby pepperonis are my next
step there we go oh yeah we got
pepperonis and now we got to put the
fish oh I like that now that is a nice
pizza we have the sardines we have the
pepperoni and gummy worms oh now that is
a mighty nice pizza what do you think
monkeys oh yeah what do you guys think
do you guys like that we speechless
that looks pretty amazing I like that
what I hope you guys enjoyed our mighty
nice pizza since we're talking about
discs I want to talk about these discs
so these Star Wars galactic connections
are sold on walmart.com and in select
stores if you find a special white
redemption disc that makes you a winner
so that means that you can actually
redeem these for a 14-karat gold disc
with Princess Leia on it some special
toys and a Star Wars room makeover
courtesy of the famed designers
Novogratz no winners have been announced
yet so I'm gonna put a link in the
description so you guys can check it out
enter yourselves see if you win that
room makeover get that gold disc there
it is
mama B I'm gonna soup up your room I'm
gonna make it a Star Wars room is the
cheese nice mm-hmm oh I like that thanks
for watching guys we love you very much
mama B is there anything you want to say
whoa
