Buon Giorno today I decided to introduce
the monkeys to Star Wars I used to be a
big fan and I'm thinking of seeing if
the monkeys are interested in doing it
so I asked a whole bunch of questions on
snapchat see what everyone thinks I
should get get Luke in the original
movie oh I like that
ooh okay
Princess Leia Darth Vader get Yoda yes
oh I love you so much - thank you very
much oh you should get the lightsaber
duh you know what I should I light sabor
oh that's a very tasty lightsaber so I'm
gonna go inside a Walmart right now and
I'm going to get some fun Star Wars swag
for the Monkees and hopefully they like
it we'll see I would like to be
surprised when I was a kid and my dad
said I'm gonna go to the toy store and
I'm gonna bring back some Star Wars
stuff or I'm gonna bring back some toys
I feel like what yes son I'm gonna go
buy you a rubber ball how do you think
about that
dad that's amazing dad thank you so much
dad I love you so much but today I'm
going to get some Star Wars stuff so I
hope the monkeys like it oh here we go
gotta go with the Luke Skywalker oh snap
4 to 6 what the monkeys are too big for
that get that
so Walmart is having a giveaway for Star
Wars Walmart has hidden six disks in
selected Star Wars items you guys have
to find them those that find the disk
will actually win a room makeover
designed by Bob and Cortney Novogratz
these guys are some awesome designers so
just imagine a Star Wars room designed
by some celebrity designers crazy so all
you Star Wars heads it's gonna be
awesome so basically you can get the
Star Wars toys online or in-store just
look for especially marked products that
should have that promotion it's pretty
awesome
almost like Willy Wonka if you find that
disc then you win I'll make sure to post
a link in the description so that you
guys can check it out and yeah see if
you guys can find that disc so I think I
got a bunch of good stuff here I got
some lightsabers I got some old-school
Star Wars Chewbacca Luke Skywalker I
really want to get this much Princess
Leia but a little uh there's a lot of
toys here to play with maybe she can
wear the Chewbacca masks okay I wish I
could get more but looks like a lot of
stuff was sold out so I'm doing my best
hopefully the monkeys like it I'm sure
to like it I would have liked it I would
have loved it son I'm bringing home a
rubber ball gee dad that would have been
awesome
so our then in coming home with a whole
bunch of Star Wars stuff no matter what
it is I think is gonna be exciting let's
see what the monkeys think monkeys
prepared to be Star Wars
prepare to be Star Wars time surprising
you with some Star Wars things most you
better hit the Lights boy little s-boxes
uh-huh we're gonna be doing a little
Star Wars education I used to be a big
fan of Star Wars and I want to start up
a little bit of the Star Wars because
you guys don't really watch a lot of
Star Wars stuff so yeah I say we get
into it yeah ooh do you like that
you knew that is Darth Vader I think
Darth Vader that's Darth Vader
it's a nice office right here and also
says Darth Vader right there thank you
Oh on TV that's a Millenium Falcon
yeah I know you guys like that Han Solo
han Solo and Chewbacca they fly that
with us I remember that right now we got
the Chewbacca face
Wow
Chewbacca you can be Chewbacca oh my god
there's Princess Leia no it's not
Princess Leia it's some rage a coup and
bb-8 so I might need some help in the
comments explaining who Ray Jaco is bb-8
is the spherical loyal astromech droid
of the resistance pilot poe dameron okay
I hope that was I hope I said that right
Luke Skywalker was very popular when I
was a little boy waiting about a
lightsaber miss monkey no don't burn
ugly you guys are definitely gonna have
to do a lightsaber battle maybe we'll
save that for another video
I'm very serious serious business you
zoom zoom zoom
I remember when I was a kid they never
used to tie things down like this and I
remember going to the toy store and it
was like full of open boxes it was crazy
so now I understand why it's impossible
and it takes ten years to to take apart
packaging because it's my fault actually
when I was a kid I go to the training
okay look you see that you see that uh
holder yeah look it came like this it
came inside like this and the gun
actually Toby's Bell actually comes out
to his little holster gosh that's so
awesome
like a family builder you know join you
can build your own blade have a hundred
different combinations you can do all
kinds of crazy things
whoa mr. monkey went for the action
figures right away this is my favorite
action figure right here because it like
the lightsaber is like really cool and
the gun mr. monkey liked it how did you
that's serious
that's awesome
haha that's awesome whoa
it's Chewbacca from south to baka sounds
like the coolest thing ever
do you know the name of that character -
bah bah and mr. monkey hat whoa whoa
that's serious right there
it's like build your own light oh that's
very serious this didn't come in doll
but I don't have a boy doll so I'm just
gonna use him as my boy doll oh my whoa
you are the angriest mom in the
neighborhood mommy
mama B's looking at you baka mask miss
monkey have you been a good girl well
yeah I don't think so what are you doing
to me I love you very much miss monkey I
was going to use the Force on you but
you're so beautiful that I'm not going
to give me a kiss on my helmet please or
that feels really nice thank you very
much I cannot use the force on you
because you're very pretty
my lightsaber would have sliced your
head off but I never turn out free put a
trigger on you're on your own you're
going dance with me
oh you're a very nice dancer I'll give
you a ten out of ten
no just Bader and Chewbacca huts are
both having a fight while the Millennium
Falcon ice is moving all right let's see
who falls off aah - my gosh days I got
afraid of dying
- kebapi Chewbacca Chewbacca miss monkey
what's your favorite Oh
my favorite thing is the lightsaber
because you can build in all kinds of
different pieces mr. monkey what was
your favorite
mine was Luke Skywalker Duke
yeah that's your favorite deflecting all
the cool rock we're gonna watch the
movies this week we're gonna start from
the beginning what do you guys think
yeah nice mama B this is your favorite
one that's your favorite one I love this
one - well thanks again for watching I
love you guys so much thank you so much
for your support and I'm gonna leave the
monkeys and let them be let them play
leave a comment down below which one is
your favorite one out of what we got
it's a broom lightsaber Oh
Oh
