today we are here to teach glozell that
was la Bamba I mean I thought she said
she wanted to learn maybe we should do
interesting let's get started okay
that's Spanish for lalala Spanish words
with glozell oh oh
me llamo snail yeah I'm already got him
know I was lateral okay might be knows a
little bit of Spanish and I think she
wants to teach you some phrases today
okay so are you ready to learn some
phrases in Spanish okay I probably can
teach you something because I know I
know all languages oh yeah we were
supposed to get all the ones that there
are in the world today mama B is gonna
say a phrase in Spanish and I want you
to say it back in Spanish the best way
you can say it which is correct
wake up the bride okay my visa will
start simple
what else is simpler all righty we
didn't start yet that was some interest
on tape okay
got we're gonna go in we're gonna go
with the fries right mommy's gonna save
more than one word and you're gonna say
okay welcome back to me you know I was
gonna say yo me llamo goes are you black
okay what are you eating right come on
don't be ain't good I know so and
venules well we're bow when you need to
go to the washroom well fine yo because
they always have that in the restaurant
I live in California
okay Spanish okay is a girl man you and
love find out yo-yos yes all of us if we
all happy at the same time me gusta
they're like Roger and spaniel in my
Vita
you will not need any subtitles on this
one graduate you graduate you are a
middle ground one thing yeah we're not
expand your knees wow I'm Spanish okay I
don't know what you just saying there
but we Mustangs advantage wow this woman
Wow yes that was your single boy what do
you mean like today or sometimes that's
the sound of a um um P boy
hey what about you mr. monkey give any
phrases in Spanish
okay so as people always say that so if
you sit with me
I can unmute you around i - Carol mucho
you do a lot I want a lot yes I want a
lot I love you very much
oh my goodness gracious thing about love
yes well I'm which I don't know what you
were saying I was the one to speak in
Spanish I don't know strictly speaking
I'm speaking like the proper Spanish I
speak wit like the green valley be the
green bow yes you know like uh Verde
Verde this ring well clearly closed-cell
knows exactly how to speak Spanish we
don't have to teach her anything mama be
your fire clearly Manuel thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed that I love
you beary much
I'm gonna put loads Elle's link in the
description you gotta go to fall glozell
if you haven't already you probably
already follow glozell we're gonna make
sure we put in the description do you
know you know what beso means what
