Papa's making dinner tonight okay all
the minutes I don't make dinner I'm a
good cleaner than ever
sometimes I do clean I'm a good
dishwasher he's a very good cleaner I'm
a good toilet cleaner vacuumer vacuumer
bedsheet maker litter bed she put her
clean I mean toilet wash windows mirror
laundry back in the car what I do is I
will make nachos mama B how it did not
choice E but nachos are good no it nacho
cheese it's not these not cooking with
mama B it's kind of making nachos with
Papa me that's what it is
so today I'm gonna show you how I make
my nachos nachos nachos this is what I
put in my nachos on you're not on my
nodule in my nachos are on my nachos on
my nachos were in the night rolls yes
yes still need mummys help here it's not
a burrito oh well it's not your time to
make nacho it's my time dad joke
nachos will be oh oh George's is very
thank you
alright we're gonna make nachos I like
to make a two-layer nachos here are the
ingredients well so the first ingredient
that I like to use they are black olives
so I just buy them in a can
sliced black olives I don't make these
who are you laughing we don't pick them
or any we don't pick them I just buy
come from a can they come from a can I
go to the supermarket and I buy these
and I drained them and then I put them
in a bowl all nice and pretty like this
and I also like to add green green
onions the monkeys only green onions so
we do half and half so on one side we do
green onions on one side we don't Oh
Willie that focus I also like to add
tomatoes and last but not least a
mountain of cheese that's a lot of
cheese mom'll be never
you can never have too much cheese
that's what they all say I don't know
who they is but they say maybe it's
Chuckie Cheese I and the astronauts the
cheese astronauts say you can never have
too much cheese that's what I do
I put all these funky nice little
ingredients and then we also make a
little bit of wacom only with these
avocados first what I do is I get my
tray I set the oven to 425 degrees
Fahrenheit I put some parchment paper we
need some help you put some parchment
paper down so I put the parchment paper
down I don't like a dirty straight I
don't like cleaning up the nacho tray at
the end of dinner so I just put a
parchment paper there and I use any kind
of nachos I like these ones they don't
have any salt in them they're organic
really just go to your local supermarket
or Costco or anywhere and get your
nachos I wash my hands by the way mama
beat our hands my hands are clean judges
taste tests
that's nice spread them all nice and
even you don't have too many layers of
nachos in one on the first layer you
want to keep them nice and spread so the
first thing I like to do is put some
Tomatoes down is it looking nice maybe
some man that's natural fresh
ingredients I don't like to spend 20 men
know this but not shows when I go out so
that's why I make them mad oh we always
say that when we go out for dinner we
can make better nachos at home yeah I
think the best nachos are the ones at
home and now we're gonna add black news
the monkeys love olives the monkeys love
balls this is how I do the nachos you
can add whatever you want you can put
bacon on these if you want this is how
we do it some people put their jalapenos
on top but we put them on the side
jalapeno or gelato we are doing two
layers of that's right and now we got
the green onions the monkeys don't like
the arena do you want the green onions
on your nachos then we're gonna do half
and asses
it's not your night black olives
tomatoes and green onions and now is
that it's like making a pizza
really you just like spreading the
cheese around on top nice and easy super
simple nachos at home how much you think
this costs mommy to make these nachos at
home like a dollar like a dollar fifty
now twenty thousand a dollar fifty to
make these nachos at home so you're
saving like eighty four dollars making
nachos at why how much would they go how
much do you think $20 $20 you're saving
$20 make them this is really good
you're saving a lot of money making it
at home but it's a meal for four it's a
meal for when we eat a lot so really
it's a meal for like ages people this is
what you want to do you wanna have a
tray but there's four four abs
mr. monkey and mr. monkey they have
appetites like truckers and Papa B can
eat yeah there we go we do it all again
right miss monkey yeah do it again
we do want a thick one
mr. monkey you like nachos mr. monkey
loves his nachos
he's my natural buddy tomatoes again the
second layer time I like to drain it
just a little bit before I put it on
because nobody likes soggy nachos then
your nacho is very like flippy flopper
you like crispy yeah I got a lot of
green onions out God's to have your
cheese I love cheese on my nachos I like
when it's nice and melty and it's when
you lift up the nacho it's like stuck to
other nachos
what do we got in here I see a handsome
boy holding that tray of nachos we got
nachos double decker nacho time this is
it right here it's ready to go in the
oven mommy's already it's ready drop it
into the oven
double decker nacho is 5 to 8 minutes in
the oven but you guys just keep an eye
out check it out see if the cheese is
all bubbling nice and crispy boom
yourself double nachos
now it's time to make some super simple
guacamole while the nachos are in the
scoop out the avocado and I just mix it
in with lemon and salt look like a
little bit of salt and that's it nice
and simple I'm sure there's a bunch of
different ways to make guacamole a bunch
of different styles everybody does your
own thing is how I do it mash it up some
lemon a little salt Mixy Mixy Mixy in
addition to the guacamole we like to
have sour cream some salsa and some
jalapenos at the table and we get to
just put it on our plates and that's it
monkeys then that was already there
ready the cheese is bubbling they're
nice and crispy snap it how does that
look mama be
thanks again for watching I hope you
enjoyed my nacho extravaganza
see you next year on top of kooks again
