Miss Maggie Marshall - hey guys how's it
going
we got a gift from YouTube we got away
from miss monkey and Mama B to come down
can't open it without you miss monkey
where's my mommy we got away from my
hubby mama baby we got a box mommy's
here mommy's here oh hi mama B are you
doing good how are you okay we got a box
from YouTube have you guys heard about
the plaques or the gifts that's uh that
YouTube gives you when you hit a certain
amount of subscribers yes so cool we got
a box inside is a gift from YouTube so
we're gonna open it up here yes wrap
bubble wrap
okay let's see here if you guys like my
dad as family shirt so let's get rid of
this we don't need that oh now dad is a
madman like a fan to have your fans in
them that's a matter of fancy box we got
here kids
alright let's let's open it I took off
the tape but I didn't open it all the
way oh oh
well comes a little letter
there it is monkeys let's show the
family oh that's very very nice Wow baby
family this is the silver play button
for surpassing 100,000 subscribers so
thank you everybody for being a part of
this I know that it is a little bit late
because we do have at this point a lot
more than 100,000 subscribers we love
you all thank you so much and it says
we're the same YouTube AV family
congratulations for surpassing a hundred
thousand subscribers there it is we just
got a letter we just got a letter we
just got a letter
I wonder who it's from it's from Tom
Pickett the vice president of global
head of content operations YouTube wow
it sounds fancy finish it that's very
legit 100,000 subscribers that's more
than double the size of a packed Roman
Colosseum and more than ten times the
number of people who set the human
Domino world record we understand the
dedication and talent it takes to reach
a hundred thousand YouTube viewers we
want you to know that we don't take your
achievement for granted you delivered
the audience now we're delivering the
rewards Wow remember you can milestone
of 100,000 YouTube subscribers please
accept our congratulations with this
silver play button wow that's amazing we
know you'll continue to create amazing
content and bring in more fence so we'll
keep looking for new ways to reward you
thanks for being awesome sincerely
Thomas Pickett well thank you very much
thank you mr. picah pig
everyone on YouTube thank you to all you
guys for always coming over whenever we
have a new video and liking it and
commenting we just want to share this
with you this is a madam asked play
button beautiful and it's gonna look mad
in ass in my office in in the basement
with the rest of us not just your night
we can have this in my office and then
you guys can make - it you got let's put
it next to our picture I can have it in
my office and you guys and then I'll
have a sign out sheet and you guys can
actually find out no you guys can put
your names on a thinking something
else it's gonna can all should go a
basement where everybody should see it
or should it go into my office and have
a sign-up sheet so if you guys want to
see it you guys can come in and schedule
an appointment with the soup
what you know there's a bee family not
Pappa bee you're right monkey we're
gonna have this in the basement so
whatever we have movie night when we
play it we will see this and I know that
we will get up to a million one day and
I heard that the gold play button is
massive it's like 30 pounds or - Wow we
want it we want it we want it we want it
ah thank you so much for everything
we love you thank you thank you
