today it's girls versus the boys and we
are doing the bucket head challenge
thank you for Johnson & Johnson for
encouraging us all to unplug and play
and be safe and today the boys are going
to beat the girls yeah no yeah they
always say this we're gonna win they
always say they got this this is the
bucket head challenge so the object of
this game is basically mama B and I are
gonna be putting buckets on our heads
and the monkeys are gonna throw as many
balls as possible in one minute and
we'll see who wins
mister monkey you have some pretty good
aim uh yeah a pretty good catch
you have a good cows now what about you
miss monkey how do you feel about this I
have pretty good aim yeah yeah mama B
girls rule girls rule boys drool oh no
that's not true well our basket he's a
baller
we're ballers so the ballers gonna win
followers against the girls today you
guys ready for this yeah this is the
bucket head challenge ready in three two
one
and it's over it is official officially
who won this three to one oh the boys
way that's really hard because mama bees
really told mama bees very tall you did
have a disadvantage but tough luck that
life isn't fair sometime just not fair
good job girls
thank you so much well good game good
game good game mr. McGee okay okay thank
you very much for watching we encourage
you guys to play the bucket challenge
with ping pong balls in a red bucket or
any color bucket really make a video tag
us let us know that you posted we want
to check it out and see your challenge
so challenge your siblings your parents
your friends let's see you guys do the
bucket challenge pace do you like to see
me juggle
ha we'll work on that too
yah yah yah yah yah
yeah y'all ha ha
