one
good morning Park City Utah we are here
getting ready to do a little ziplining
I've never been ziplining before so I
don't know what to expect mr. monkey
have you ever been ziplining
no no mr. monkey has never been
ziplining and mama B has so she's gonna
have to show us some some tips mama B's
get suited up for the zipline whoo you
guys excited thing where you could later
I medical suite get your habits I'll
tell you how did you get all your stuff
there beautiful day I'll be you look
great and I'm gonna get to sleep it up
now for the sublime
yes get ready for the zipline
Oh oh there it is there it is the robot
zipline the lump up the word is you're
doing here miss one won't get ready for
the zipline how do you feel today are
you feeling very confident you can make
it your dad zipline little bit yeah
feeling good good do you have any uh
famous last words before you down the
zipline three I'm really scared
what really nervous and I have
butterflies to my stomach
hey so do I mr. monkey how do you feel
great
are you ready to go mr. monkey and I'm
willing by myself you going by yourself
yeah no one's coming with you no I'm
from oh my goodness let's do this really
so now I'm being fitted with what looks
like a parachute is a parachute surf
yeah it's a pair of shoes this is not a
good sign when you're putting a
parachute on when you're supposed to be
ziplining I don't think it's a parachute
eggs she's taking it off now because now
now you I got I caught in I should
probably stop vlogging if I want to
survive a zipline mom he looks great in
her zipline swag that zipline swag oh my
fault oh mama B is getting ready for you
by the way you won a parachute too
alright we all got parachutes
guys our golden shadow rework the
lighting use internship we are so high
up and down there is a really scary so
I'm a little bit of favorite price but
no Matt not scared that I can't look man
you dropped out the thing or the thing
like
we made it to the time so now we're just
waiting for mama be miss monkey she's a
little nervous
so we don't know if she's actually gonna
come down she's up there she was
strapped in and she came off but mama B
is strapped in right now mama B still
strapped in
yep mr. telescope ears telling us here
comes mama B woohoo it's official mama B
has landed the test tectus tectus tectus
ticket editor
mama B's made it she's made it he's not
holding on
you ready monkey go I'm really not
looking for real
you ready for this yeah yeah no fear no
fear
oh that was amazing
can't we just did that mr. monkey that
was awesome I made it Wow come on that
was amazing I gotta tell you my heart
stopped coupe like three times yeah yeah
I did it it was the last thing I've ever
done that's Plaza you don't see the
picture in it there was some green I
took this picture Midway I don't know
how that happened but I'll show you guys
that picture now yeah yeah so that was
it one fine you're amazing
how would I beat you you did mr. monkey
you won't do that again
yeah
