how's it going guys so I decided to get
some rollerskates because I want to make
a rollerskating vine and these monkeys
right here are gonna help with that
we're actually gonna do a little uh a
little behind the scenes and take you
guys with us miss monkeys probably gonna
be the camera girl give me the camera
girl all right awesome I haven't been on
rollerskates for a few years and I
probably need a little bit of practice
but I assume it's like riding a bike on
roller skates you know what I mean
and this sells are a little buddy and
he's our neighbor and he's helped us out
with other vines best friend best bud
BFFs
he's actually been in a vine you've been
in a vine before all right you want to
see that vine guys here's the wine you
ready camera girl yeah you ready bully
number one yeah you're ready son that's
getting bullied ready to go all right
let's do this
look at that look at that coal roller
roller skates on fleek wall skates on
flake your takes on loose your Starfleet
Oh
Wow
Wow
okay I think I'm ready okay so you're
gonna stand you can stand right here and
I'm gonna go like this I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go that's the last time you
believe my son you hear me
let's roll right all right and don't
have your Brittany like this this monkey
can move back as long as you get them
both in the shot and you don't have my
roller skates showing that's good
it's rolling all right
that's the last time you bully my son
you hear me let's roll
now look that's hilarious I would like
alright let's see how that look real
what it real that felt real oh yeah what
it look like if I eat the ground outs
that would be horrible the positioning
is perfect miss monkey your can our
skills your camera skills are on fleek
oh that's really good
that's the last time you believe my son
you hear me
let's roll ah monkeys that's a wrap
you nailed it you're acting nailed yeah
you're acting nailed your camera skills
nailed my roller skating skills need to
work a bit little too little too crazy
on the roller skates because I just I
think I just broke them is not good but
I got some good shots before they broke
I think we had a very productive day
what'd you think yeah thank you very
much for helping us out the monkeys have
taken off on you I'm sorry about that
they're not very good friends are they
gonna get the super good friends all I
see my brothers then you want me there
cousin sure
okay you are officially their cousin I
know crown you primo B yeah the monkeys
are gone they're just you're gone they
took off on you
they're shallows yeah they just sold you
know a more pretty Moby primo B that's
cousin your Guinness thanks again for
watching guys we love you so much thanks
for watching
excuse me Jess weren't you go off in the
mall I got thinking yeah y'all
