we are human acts on snacks y'all why
you such a thug today we were trying
Agence nax now we went to the
supermarket we got all kinds of goodies
monkeys you picked out a whole bunch of
stuff here so we have Pocky that looks
like wasabi so I don't know if it's
green tea powder or wasabi what do you
think this is thank you
it says MIDI I have no idea Kit Kat this
might be wasabi this might be um green
key it looks like green tea Kit Kat so
I'm interested in trying that we also
have cream : : is always very exciting
I'm assuming this is gonna taste really
nice though because it has um it has
blueberries it has some nice things in
there but it is called : so I'm very
interested in trying out you guys
interested in trying out some : today
yeah we also have these things what I
know about it is that it's orange
flavored because there's orange on the
bottom and I'm feeling it it feels very
squishy so these are orange peels I
think I think they're orange peels are
like dried orange peels like orange
jerky so I'm interested in trying the
orange jerky this one has red on it I
have no idea what it is
it says plum paste so that's kind of
interesting and you ready to try some
plum paste yeah so we have a whole bunch
of cool stuff so which one you guys want
to try first
I'm sorry KitKat yeah wasabi kick out
okay we're trying to Masonic attack
first
No very nice good I'll betray me good
yeah it smells like beauty that's good
hmm that's what green tea tastes like
seems like pickup but white chocolate
green tea good cop
very nice yeah again thumbs up okay
everybody yeah miss monkey what we'd
like to try next
oh the plum drops plum drop for you plum
drop it they're like clear they're like
they're clear
but inside the actual packaging you can
actually see that they're like these did
look like it was a chewy candy but plum
drops let's do it
that's disgusting
we don't like it it's like this bitter
sour face
it's got a funky taste to it tossing me
and what is that supposed to be there I
thought that we're gonna have like he's
chewy little plumbing things but we're
level thing mama be thank you mama be
mama B's gonna be involved in some taste
test later on all right
thumbs up thumbs down aah thumbs down
you'd only I'm gonna over swing I'm kind
of 1/2 1/2 thumbs you kind of got so
what are we trying to next mr. monkey
cream going behind : Colin I don't know
if it's Colin or : it's like this like
oh yeah I get it
all right here you go it's like a little
: package you get to you know take your
pulling with you wherever you go
I really can't taste anything from that
last candy so I'm hoping this is good
mmm that's like strawberry I'm guessing
it's good oh is it really good
there's a really nice you know what they
taste like it tastes like combos like a
fruity blueberry combo feel like that
very nice :
thumbs up thumbs down our mail
thumbs up for the : mr. Colin's getting
the thumbs up that was gonna be good
this one's going to the drawer this
one's going to the candy drew all right
we're doing now this wasabi or green tea
Pocky I bet you I bet you it's a green
team I hope it's green tea oh it's not
it isn't thank you
music oh oh sighs it is really little
baseball bat baseball bat baseball bat
you like jump sticks like baseball bat
hockey's yes race melody on would be
here so like they look like little green
baseball 3 3 2 1 go mmm
green tea rain team I thought it was
wasabi
I know there another cooling your like
Cookie Monster we're gonna try the
mystery bag no this is a mystery bag I
have no idea what this is mama B is
trying : really you don't like it it's
really nice it's awesome big fake think
mommy's gonna try the Green Team mama B
is gonna try the green tea and she's
gonna tell me if she likes it
mama B likes it he'll be right that's
really good
hold on mmm your sink huh we are eating
the mystery this looks like a mystery
candy candy
try to tell me what what it is looks
like yeah it's like a dark 3 2 1 go mmm
like root beer not hold knuckle beer mmm
no it's not what it tastes like Coke
like a Japanese yeah no it's like
Japanese it's time for Taiwanese it says
look tunnel plum syrup coke flower is
coke plum Syrah I'm the only one that
can read me she's a very good reader so
now we're gonna open and try these
orange little thingies that is very
squishy swear to see how that goes Zhi
Bao Zhu Zi dried tangerine heels let's
go orange peels guys I think I mean oh
oh a bag Oh
mama be dumb Matt is strong orange peels
you want to smell a bag of orange peels
that's it Wow that's interesting
no I think at times life and you can
taste that oh um I think it's like it's
gonna be sweet on the package it tastes
so sour wow that's definitely an
acquired taste that's for sure
definitely a taste that not everybody
will enjoy whoa
so we have little bonus mama B and I are
gonna try vegetarian mushroom jerky and
it's very hot I don't trust the child in
the picture there's a shackled there's a
troubled child and a chili pepper here's
it there's a child in a chili pepper in
the picture and that already I already
have trust issues with this if you can
see there are some serious chili peppers
in here and it looks really really hot
so I think that there's a small child in
this picture to try to ease the pain of
eating this
so mama Deena smells like salmon
mushroom hot mushroom vegetarian jerky
that looks like I want you to have the
one with the chili on it okay mama B is
a trooper we're gonna have it together
are you ready for this time I'm ready
so rather late we have a little
challenge a little hot vegetarian
mushroom jerky challenge oh this is a
group this is like really hot it's
already burning my nose hurry mama be in
three two one whoo
do you need to move did you have it come
on I'm T they're here
Oh almost well would do because I'm a
trooper
I'm a champion and you cheated Oh why'd
you put vinegar cuz I wanted to hurt you
yeah thank you very much and it wasn't
very nice
you're a trooper oh my god really pop oh
well thanks for watching yeah
