what's on the menu today miss lucky
today
I'm gonna be doing a YouTube video of me
making a plate of watermelon with a
sword in honor of one of our vines miss
monkey here is going to make a
watermelon with play-doh and a sword and
Miss monkeys made a lot of really cool
things here she's made hamburgers and
chicken nuggets and fries
you made a hot dog you made all kinds of
crazy cool little sundaes and little ice
creams you made all kinds of cools it is
mama I created this little creation
station for Miss monkey she got all
these little things that she can build
and and here's her stack of play-doh so
there it is all right miss monkey let's
get started
what we're gonna do first is we're gonna
grab some of our pig or play-doh because
yesterday I just got ready I like mixing
in some colors because I didn't have
enough red yet so I mix some red with
pink to make it bigger and to make it
more look more juice here her body likes
a juicy watermelon
air bye you were there you were very
scared when this monkey pulled out that
sword when it was very safe that that
sword was very dull so but it looked
like it was great nice can make a nice
big juicy watermelon who doesn't like
one big giant watermelon her but I like
some one big juice a lotta mouth I like
you see watermelon we actually ate that
watermelon after we actually had fruit
salad so we did not waste that
watermelon yeah and I always perfect cuz
I slice it in half so the perfect slice
and so we're mixing it in now a few
moments later a few moments later I'll
have passed and this is what we have now
so it's not fully mixed I want it to be
a little bit of bread a little bit of
pink and then we're gonna grab our three
green
I use three because there's only three
greens in here
two beautiful ones and one ugly one well
I have to use the ugly one because I
have to make like squirrels with these
two so instead of calling it shades of
green you say beautiful less beautiful
ugly against this green color and when
we have our three greens make sure not
to take too much because we're just
gonna roll we're gonna mix it make that
little swirl in the watermelon we're
gonna roll it we're gonna squeeze out
the juice and then you have the
watermelon shell so now we're gonna
scrunch it up sprung came out spring
berry scrunching now that's good you can
save it for later
alright so we're gonna mix it something
very scrunchie so if you could see here
it looks really cool it looks super
duper should we work with looper Hooper
cool so super shmooper woofer so we're
gonna put this to fast motion I'll do
the whole a few moments later l think a
few moments later now we are mixing it
still and if you could see here that
kind of green cool swirl is right there
yeah and now I think it's ready to be
flattened with our where's Milo your
father yes there's my fat nerd I call it
a flattener what do you call it that
makes sense real English English speak
did you take English classes cause if
you don't I'm not tempt I'm not tempted
you're not tempted to teach me English
don't make me put my eggs all right so
we'll rolling it out okay rolling it out
yes it looks like do that little thing
there and then our base inside and then
we're gonna roll it into a ball don't
you move your butt off of that oh when I
rolled this out even more so that it's
much thinner and bigger to wrap around
this ooh
so we're gonna lay that down there and
then we're gonna grab our play-doh font
whatever I call it like that
oh it's like a font it's like a font
it's like you know when you're making
those cakes yeah oh wow
so over here we're just gonna grab our
you tiny knife from a needle oh and
we're gonna cut off the access make sure
there's a little bit less because this
space we need to cover we cannot see
that yeah or else it's gonna be a
weird-looking watermelon tomato you know
what I love no I just want to smell it I
can't move the same person if they have
fun all it's me but I love the smell of
the oil I love the smell of play-doh
that's my favorite part
it smells so good to get that effect I'm
gonna squish it down with my thumb so
that's still kind of smooth and then on
the same side here so it doesn't look
like the subpoenas kind of overlapping
cuz that wouldn't be a nice watermelon
for it wouldn't be a nice watermelon
with overlapping skin miss monkey you
got the skills to pay the bills right
now I'm smoothing it with my thumbs
yeah that's really small there we go
roll it they see me rollin they hatin
this is a seedless watermelon we forgot
to put the seeds in the watermelon but
you know what nobody likes seeds in
watermelons
yeah this is a seedless watermelon do
you like seedless watermelons or do the
monkeys playing splatoon we got miss
platoon and he's been playing this for
like for quite some time so this is
you're totally into it which is awesome
so enjoy your spit too and maybe we'll
place him maybe would you most dangerous
pick in mind you are you know this
monkey always puts away all her play-doh
back in the cans because then it gets
all gross so so I'm just gonna give it a
little roll so that it looks more like a
watermelon not just I'm just like a
green ball with red stuff like a random
green random green ball okay so if this
doesn't work out and in the title it
says random green ball with red stuff in
it then you'll know why but this looks
great little monkey so I'm not gonna use
like a really sure plan I'm just using
this cute little plastic what that's a
cute little knife but I don't know do
you want to do you want to go home with
us a slice let's do it all right all
right here comes the magic moment
slicing the watermelon
well there you go a little monkey well
there you go there you go a nice cute
little watermelon miss monkey I love it
I think that looks great thank you very
much you know what it's missing
something
hope you enjoyed this play-doh episode
and please mic like and subscribe and
leave a comment down below thank you
very much for watching and maybe next
time we'll do some other crazy things
that was a very nice watermelon your
name you made that was a very nice
watermelon this monkey very interesting
we forgot the seeds but it's okay whoa
you're crazy
