Olleh Olleh Olleh Olleh feeling hot hot
pots what today we are having a hot pot
party and that basically means we're
adding all kinds of nice little goodies
in this hot pot and all that mama be
explaining a little bit further but
before I do that we have to go get some
of that stuff so here's a clip of us
going to get some of that stuff what is
that
I don't know thank somebody ok good
Cheyenne cucumber is listening look at
that world's biggest cucumber we are at
the
we're at the irrigation supermarket to
get all our ingredients for the hotpot
all these are the enoki mushrooms enoki
mushrooms these are awesome
you just cut the stems and you throw
them inside the suit
these are very tasty got some bok choy
put a hot pot so we're looking for an
extra firm tofu yeah that's it right
there
extra firm tofu
I have no idea what this says but I will
trust them because it says extra firm
and it says tofu somewhere feels like
tofu so it is this is tofu
yeah tofu awesome thank you we're
throw-in some shrimp some peeled and
deveined shrimp
you wanna take one home yeah which one
which one do you want Danny give me ten
I wonder what you want to talk what he
want to phone what's his name what are
we gonna name
spec's clerks alright sparks I don't get
what to it we'll we'll race them when we
get home I've been Janice crabs now it
smells of the sea no don't do that try
another gate up open for guys live blue
crab
but he's got if you want stick your
printer in there
so the monkeys are also going to try
different drinks in an in another
YouTube video no idea what it says but
once again a strawberry on its you're
gonna try that change and it's called
the pungency the pungency so we're gonna
try those in another another video all
these little candies and snacks are so
awesome choco pie choco pie mr. yang
told me to try chocolate pie one day I
take the hamburgers I can't and one more
tick the sushi sushi candy there okay
hamburger in sushi candy
this is going to be exciting Rakeem a
strangles palmer luckey last chinese
candy
we're like cream :
no she don't want cream : no so we're
gonna try to put things in another video
see how that works alright let's go look
for mommy
which you got their mommy
beep what is happy - that's - alright
that's the piece the resistance we're
almost ready for the hot pot so mama B
is going to explain a little bit more
behind hot pot and what the hot pot
actually is hot pot is a pot on a hot
element so this is our pot and it has
chicken broth inside that's heating up
nicely and that's a really hot element
and this is the stuff we're gonna put
inside that's sliced ribeye beef
we've got bok choy egg white noodles
these are enoki mushrooms tofu and then
on the side we have pickled radish and
kimchi which is a couple of things that
pop up II and I really really enjoy we
love hot lot we try to do hotpot every
couple of months or so it's a fun little
party and what we do is we just put all
these little ingredients inside the hot
pot and we let them cook oh my gosh
the trip how could you forget the shrimp
mama beat the shrimp I have the shrimp
oh that's also gonna go in there every
night chilling in the fridge awesome so
that's also gonna go in there creepy -
its welcome so we gonna have some shrimp
some nice steak ribeye thank you goodbye
so all kinds of nice ingredients here
for the hotpot the monkeys love doing
this healthy eating thing I think so I
think it's pretty healthy you got your
shrimp and you got your meats and you
got your tofu bok choi bok choy organic
in the lush what organic rots we got
organic chicken broth we got organic
chicken broth donor that's right and
yeah we're just gonna enjoy this as a
family and we like to have our Sunday
meals we call them Leonard so we don't
have lunch and then dinner
we kind of have a nice big meal on
Sundays where we can sit in chat and
hang out and just enjoy casually let our
food digest so linner
that's the word of the day Leonard I
don't know if we gonna have any other
words of the day other days but today's
today's the word of the day is linner
yes winner who bill that put that in
your ear urban legends your urban urban
dictionary beside beside Yolo and and
ratchet Isis how can you be beside Yolo
and ratchet hot pot party that's where
it's at slick any slick slick is slick
you like the hot pot yeah it's
lickety-split likes the hot pot little
monkeys wearing them you're wearing
makeup
yep you just decided to put on makeup
today don't you ask for permission and I
gave her permission okay
that's better that makes sense the
little monkey maybe one day you can put
you can try putting makeup on pop up
with your arms want to do that one
they're a hard look at not my arms
challenge you I try to put makeup on me
okay I mean we'll do that maybe I'll
shave that face yeah that's a hot pot
face right there I like that iPod face
now the hot pot is ready look at that we
got some boiling broth over here you
want me to put that somewhere
we could put on top of a we got some
boiling broth and we're going to start
feeding the hot pot all right some nice
things so mama been gonna start with the
stuff that takes the longest which is
the noodles okay means this sign drop it
like it's hot mama be egg noodles go in
and this is like bok choy
so you just you just put some noodles in
bok choy on one side yeah your milky
mushroom is well you know key not to be
confused with Steve Aoki
other side
shrimp and bass rolls that's my favorite
right there feels like I could probably
just eat beef holes all day don't judge
me for my beef rolls don't you invert
you me oh we got the shrimp he's going
in we got bok choy noodles and Okies
shrimps and we have beef ribeye Oh
putting some tofu in there
hey see total in Spanish dog food how do
you say shrimps in Spanish in shrimp no
can I donate tomorrow knees or you can
say Ashley this they'll say how
do you say stuff in Spanish it's dope
each person gets a strainer scoop
in this meat
now that is nice so that's a hot pot
basically uh chicken broth boiling in a
special pot that you can start seeing
the beef it's changing color it's
cooking the shrimp are getting pink and
the beef and shrimp actually doesn't
take that long to cook no because it is
thin it's very thin so it's close that's
a hot pot monkey's what are you most
excited about egg noodles they're about
You cheeky monkies the hot pot the whole
hot pot in general yes I spy with my
little eye a monkey that is hungry do
you guys nice no that is a madness Dada
say anything buddy
so monkey it's all monkey eating rice
noodles Oh egg noodles well there is a
nice hot pot is ready to eat
how long did this take to actually from
like twitting the the food in the boiled
bra it's really fast you just need to
get the apparatus the pot pot apparatus
I guess you go to your local Asian
supermarket you'll have it Chinatown
different areas will have the hotpot
apparatus the heater element and the hot
pot itself
hot butt party face in 3 2 1 I hope you
guys enjoyed this hot pot party we're
gonna get started we're gonna eat this
and I really you know I'm really looking
forward to this so thank you guys for
watching I really appreciate it
