welcome back to another episode of yeah
this is an episode of me by myself any
moment
okay today we're at a gym and we're
gonna be squishing some squishies with
weights so we're gonna be turning them
flat as pancakes which one do you want
to do first gonna do a little one or a
big one serve with a small car wake up
first we're gonna do the strawberry
please showcase that to the camera
beautiful strawberry small one slow
rising it is the Jumbo one but compared
to the other ones she's got you working
today
all right big 45mm we're gonna have to
make it more satisfying oh yeah
no putting another way touching the
floor all right how many petals then
nineteen ninety pounds whole you can
barely see this
literally touching the floor so just
minding this bushy under it it's
literally touching the floor so that
means a species just wait there's more
solid dad joke Nemo come come get her
there let's go to 500 I guess there's a
squishy under all of these weights this
is just imagine all flat as a sheet of
paper it's gonna be when we lift it up I
think it's literally gonna break in half
that's how much I didn't eat an extra 80
pounds can you see inside I don't think
you can see the squishy nine yes oh okay
there's 450 pounds right now plus
another 30 pounds soaking wet I did most
of the work adding is that five pounds
he kind of did not use Caroline my
backup sir
some of the weights but I can't see how
flat the squish is gonna be he's gonna
be real flat it might actually be a
slime after this we have 500 pounds on
this poor little squishy and it could
not have been more squished yeah again
it's literally touch it no I'm actually
a little concerned bruised squishy we
might have actually changed polyurethane
as we speak yes polyurethane folks it's
under the poly
we have a squishy because there's a hole
here he's gonna be one like puffed up
spot of the skull that is a flat squishy
this is 500 pound oh I think yeah I
think it's rising but man before it was
probably like this before but it
survived yeah get the Giants let's
see what we can switch the giant one how
will we take these ones yeah and put
plates on the really big ones here we
have an orange giant orange and it
smells like an orange watermelon smells
nothing like a watermelon strawberry
smells nothing sort of like a strawberry
you guys gonna stack them yeah and wait
on them all right go for it this one
came back it survived 500 pounds all
right what do you think is cool is oh my
god Syrena stack all of the giant
squished together it's gonna be like a
big sandwich then we're gonna put all
the weights all of the weights every
single weight and then we're gonna put a
little cherry on top of everything nice
no cherry on top is that even possible
can you put every single weight on we're
gonna find out today
I will put my hand here I don't owe you
money do I maybe after this video go
okay oh oh it's looking squishy Oh God
Wow oh okay
there's four species three massive ones
in one little one which is the cherry on
top making progress Justin you ever
think you'd be doing this today this is
good it's getting a little sketchy go
sketchy or go home my friend that's like
over 500 pounds right there
Wow let's try to get to a thousand
pounds you think we get a thousand
pounds of weights on top of this highly
dangerous we have professionals here
there's some really highly venomous
awaits me out here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 14 15 Bourdieu five-pound weights
don't know we'd have 5 more let's go
if it dips you guys could just run okay
that's 720 pounds right there Nemo can
you jump that back you know are you
concerned right now a little bit yeah it
is very dangerous that's not safe
all right that's why we have a
professional here holding on to the way
all right how many stacks is that this
would be the last stack right there 18
weights 810 pounds all right I think
it's time you want to like just roll it
off like if I just run
oh my goodness look at that oh my god
what as a pancake oh my gosh look at
this one it's so flat look at these
there's this this is the indent of the
cake and this was the intent of the
strawberry oh my gosh that's some
genetically modified fruit right there
oh he's with the son
Nemo's a scientific guy okay that was
flap did it survive time lapse will rise
the orange this one did really well
almost fully risen except for this
little top part I'm sorry a little guy
so he had to go through that just
imagine it simply wishy cruelty just
imagine if 810 weights were on top of
you how flat would you turn this way to
fully rise so I'm so proud of him family
I'm still like a bull now kind of like
bring out some Captain Crunch other this
later yeah I think they're all recovery
they're all doing pretty well no Stanley
so cried whose family made it manly
thanks for watching everybody if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up and leave a comment down below and
stay tuned because in the next video
Nemo here is gonna help me make a
squishy thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left
and our little things will pop up and
you get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice bye
