today I'm going to show you how to make
a chicken potpie I'm sorry what today we
are going to show you how to make a
genuine mama B you're looking fantastic
as always very excited about today what
are we making today
we're gonna make chicken pot pie today I
get asked a lot for recipes of some of
the dishes that I make and I thought
this would be a much easier way to share
some other food I love what can I help
you with um absolutely nothing I'll take
care of it all can I clean the chicken
uh no you do a lot of things great
cooking isn't one of them
in this house we leave the cooking to me
and let's keep it that way let's see
what you got
alright the first thing that you need is
chicken so I'm going to be making two
chicken pot pies and so I use three
chicken breasts so I already rinse them
and you drop it into hot water so you're
going to bring the water to a boil I
don't add salt because there's going to
be plenty of salt in the soup and Grady
that I'm going to use later
so no salt drop it into the water and
the reason why I boil the chicken and
not sautee it is because when you saute
it the outside of the chicken gets like
crispy and hard and I don't want it that
texture I want it soft so when you pull
apart the chicken it's really soft and
that's what I want everyone to bite into
so you have three chicken breasts I have
cubed potatoes about two cups of cubed
potatoes see I cut it really small into
cubes and that's oiling so with the
potatoes you want to cook it until it's
firm until the potatoes cooked you don't
want it too too soft we don't want
mashed potatoes I want a nice piece of
cooked potato in the
and I also have frozen vegetables so
this is mixed vegetables it has peas it
has green beans and corn and carrots and
this is what I like to use so I use
about two cups and another thing about
me is that I never measure energy to
anything so I kind of eyeball everything
sorry guys I measure my measurements my
i eyeballed everything to eyeball mama B
when I met her oh we got the vegetables
in the pot and this is great because
looks bit you're getting veggies in
there you're getting chicken and so it's
like a complete meal
who doesn't love chicken potatoes and
veggies chicken potatoes veggies where
we live we have cream of chicken soup
and this barbecue sauce so you can use
gravy if you want but I love this
barbecue sauce I love the taste of it so
I add one can of this and one can of
this don't add the water to the soup you
don't want to add water and I have my
pie shells so again where we live
I have tender plate and this is just a
regular pie shell you can use it for pie
or you can use it for food so in this
case I'm using this for the chicken pot
pie and you want to make sure you
defrost the pie shells before you cook
them and we'll make sure we have all the
instructions in the description right
below okay so you've got your three
burners boil boil boil boil no salt in
anything no salt with chicken pot pie
you have the option of doing the filling
and then just covering it with one piece
of the dough so some people like their
chicken potpie like that I like crust on
the bottom and crust on top the more
crust the better so that's why I have
four out for two pies but the bottom
part of the chicken potpie
we are going to cook before we put the
filling in and this is I learned from
experience that if you put the filling
in and this is not cooked it doesn't
cook afterwards so we're going to pop
this in the oven I have the oven at 400
to put the pie shells and we're going to
cook this while that is cooking as well
the chicken you're going to cook
approximately for 10 minutes on boil and
that's just to make sure it gets cooked
entirely through and the potatoes until
they're cooked and the vegetable is a
good way of knowing when the vegetables
are cooked they'll come to the surface
of the water and that's when you know
they're cooked
another thing you can do is chicken
facial don't do that
chicken face facial is under it so I
pulled out the pie shells they're cooked
as you can tell they're nice and brown
and toasty on the outside you don't want
to cook it too too much so that's
perfect like that and the reason why I
put it on a cookie sheet is so that when
I put the filling inside and I put it
back in the oven if it does boil over
for whatever reason it's not making a
mess in your oven it's going to go on
the tree owns a tree so remember what I
said about the veggies see they're
coming up to the surface they're cooked
probably about 10 minutes as well and
the potatoes checking the potatoes the
forks going through nicely there we go
and the chickens done too so we're just
going to start getting everything out so
chicken first
so you're draining the chicken draining
the chicken you have to cook the chicken
or is it you have to cook it anymore you
 me Oh interesting
oh no it's done so no one too hot
three feet hot hot chickens there Oh hot
chickens get to like cut through it to
see if it's like yeah I'm gonna tear it
apart afterwards okay so you got the
potatoes mommy's gonna do it up and you
can drain it all in the same colander
because it's all gonna go together
anyways
okay got all the potatoes chicken
chicken and potatoes can't go wrong with
ya and you're not wrong with you're
gonna potatoes and you don't want any
water in there because if you want the
gravy inside so the liquid that's gonna
go in the pie to be nice and thick so
make sure you get all the water out of
your potatoes all the water out of the
chicken and the veggies so that it's not
watery inside the top of the pie nobody
likes a watery pie nobody wants a watery
chicken Popeye you know where creamy
apps you cut it yo and everything it
comes out that gooey creamy goodness
gooeyness you know if I was making a
chicken pot pie dad's probably saying
the same thing that would okay Romeo
drain the veggies son see pop-up e this
is his job I'm the cook this was what
Papa B does afterwards he washes all the
pots I'm the cleaner and he's a
wonderful man urine bag see that
hey I'm worth I'm worth something I'm
useful I'm useful and why you matter
thank you i matter i'm a useful engine
the veggies and the potatoes mix in i
can have beautiful color my color it's
all about presentation to know really
it's about it tasty it's about of a good
it could probably look like um you know
all kinds of things but as long as it
tastes nice and it is a little bit of
work you know it is a tiny bit of work
because you have to cook everything
separately and incorporate everything
but you know what I promise you it is
worth it so now we have the chicken so
my hands are washed I always wash my
hands in
you notice I tie my hair back because I
always want my food to be clean all I'm
doing now is I'm tearing the chicken
apart I love finding nice big pieces of
chicken in the chicken pock I don't have
to look for chicken in there I want to
find lots of chickens well miss monkey
how's it going and are you ready for the
chicken pot pie oh my god the
bass cake cupcake apron necessary yes
what what is it your parentheses are in
the sea is a humor okay try Miranda
sings abridge Oh what are you doing yeah
that's kind of marine is that Imran is
that a good Randa sings impression you
don't like me oh my god
you don't be horrible look at all that
chicken no some big pieces of chicken
yes so we've got all the chicken here
okay so now we're gonna add the cream of
chicken soup okay to this mix right here
cream of chicken then we're gonna add
this amazing barbecue sauce or gravy
whatever you like to add in there it was
nice see that's an awesome consistency
so you have the vegetables the potatoes
the chicken the gravy and the cream of
chicken yeah and you're mixing it up and
now we mix it up
that's the sound of love love the sound
of love incorporating all together oh
yeah with the chicken oh that's a
morning all right
so Phil there you go the greediest
everywhere it is okay
I call it Grady it's so it's a soup in
the gravy soup Thank You sauce it's all
together now let's bring the pie shells
back and the oven is still at 400 okay
and I know this looks like a lot of
filling but you'd be amazed how much can
actually go in in the pies and I love
having lots of filling in their name
we're gonna split it between the two
three chicken breasts I'm chicken about
two cups of potatoes on two cups of
vegetables give or take Wow and if you
have leftover filling you can eat it as
well
you can put it over white rice you can
put it over some pasta what see you guys
look at that hole over there
oh look at that and it doesn't have to
be totally flat they can go a little bit
over nothing gets wasted now what we're
gonna do is we're gonna put these shells
on top go so those those are the
uncooked shells these are the uncooked
ones very gently I'm going to bring it
off a pie plate okay gentle gentle
gentle and then you're going to cover it
just like that and then we're going to
seal it
oh yeah that see so you can apply the
filling you can put really high because
this goes really high there as well you
can either just seal it with your
fingers push down on the edges or if you
want
you can get really fancy new over the
fork that's how I do it really really I
just want to show you how I'm closing
this I have this hand underneath I'm
just bringing up the dough because you
have to be very gentle okay and I'm just
using my finger to seal it okay make
sure it's all sealed so that the bubbly
beautiful mixture when it starts cooking
in the oven doesn't come out so you want
to make sure it's all sealed again I'm
not using a fork for this I'm just using
my fingers but if I had people coming
over for dinner then I would probably
use a fork to make it nice and pretty
very important this part you want to cut
a few pieces into the pie shell so the
steam can come out as well
okay and that's done all the ingredients
are cooked so everything is cooked on
the inside the bottom is cooked all
you're doing is cooking the top part of
the shell that's it so I would say about
10 to 15 minutes keep an eye on it and
if it the biggest chicken pot pie I've
ever seen yeah there's a massive chicken
pot pie so I'll weed it in there and
we'll check on it in about 10 minutes
nice and then when it's cooked I'll show
you what it looks like
sweet ooh like that is it almost time
mama B yeah it's almost time it's almost
time it's almost time Wow so what I did
was I cooked it for 20 minutes at 400
and then it still wasn't cooked and I'm
not a very patient person and I want to
eat I'm starving
I'm hungry so I put the oven on broil
but you have to stay by your oven if
you're going to put it on broil just to
speed things up a little bit and then it
cooks the top part really nice and again
everything's cooked inside we just
needed the the top part of the shell to
cook and so it's a nice color and this
is going to be super hot so we want to
let this sit for a few minutes on the
stool before you head into it whoa what
smells like head
mmm chicken pot pie that's what smells
like heaven my friend Flicka tea slick
gonna be our taste tester are you ready
for the chicken pot pie
yes mr. monkey which one's yours oh my
and then is this now that's the rest is
a sweet-looking chicken steamed up
hi Wow mama B that looks amazing
Oh ladies first gentlemen second wife
with the white gloves you're having how
does it taste
why you bring it with luck cuz I've
cream oh we have crown her hands she's a
special chicken pot pie test roll a very
very defined I love the taste of the
peas I'll get a little bit I'll get a
little scoop of each and every little
thing in this which might put it
the chicken pot pie judges let's see
what you have to say I think a five-star
five-star chicken pot pie mr. monkey
let's get your thoughts on this chicken
pot pie that's fantastic
anything else I have my how much food
whoo-wee well there you have it that is
the chicken pot pie
special chicken pot pie from mama B not
a professional chef I am a professional
eater though and love food and I love to
serve food to the people I love the most
so from my kitchen to yours Bon Appetit
let us know in the comments if you've
enjoyed this video and if you want to
see mama B do more of these thanks for
watching guys we love you put the camera
down let's eat yeah
