you're the biggest goof in the whole
entire world today we're doing the
whisper challenge so one of us are gonna
wear these headphones while the other
person says something some random phrase
and the person wearing the headphones
has to figure out what it is that
they're saying you ready I'm ready
are you ready what the baby went to the
supermarket the baby was Superman the
baby was dancing Super Bass no no was it
the baby went to the supermarket do you
want cheese on your broccoli
something about broccoli I want to eat
your eyebrows what is it
Oh punch your face hard I want to eat
your eyebrows mm-hmm I want to read your
man brow my shoes are happy make me
happy not be the worms are jellybeans
woman is shopping what was that I wanted
to eat your eyebrows doughnuts make me
different lips don't I make my eyes look
bigger the doughnut tasted like steak 36
like days what I like robots
I love opossums the donut tasted like
Steve what sick I love
being married to you I love baby blues I
love baby shoes I love being married to
you I love Perry baby shoes what did you
say I love being married to you oh not
very Vinicius maybe we should get a dog
Michelangelo we can talk oh maybe we
should get a dog yeah all right one
point what is it again the tissue box is
in the tissue box is lumpy chicken is my
favorite food steak is my favorite food
Oh chicken favorite food cheese is my
favorite food giraffes eat a lot of
broccoli your breath smells like
broccoli yeah I have a hoodie that is
pink and blue after things make it snow
apples on a stick or a very nice tree
applesauce is what the sunshine looks
really nice on a basketball oh yeah what
are you reading a book once upon a time
I was a man and a woman and they had a
family my running shoes are very stinky
my wing show is your favorite teacher
your wedding shoes are very stinky what
the tissue box is empty what that's the
whole point of the game your blanket
looks like a giraffe what
the butterfly looks like a doggy
butterflies like jerky butterflies like
jerky your blanket looks like a giraffe
your body in the second your excuse for
lunch
you're having Harris for lunch maybe we
should get a dog babies a ranch at a dog
hmm
jellybeans smell like socks
Calvin Harris is the best but football
is really fun to play in the winter
football is really fun to play in the
winter oh my god Jenkins smell like
socks smell nice sucks
magical muffins
tastes great magical muffins history the
bungee cord is too long but does not say
a word the peace sign is really nice the
pizza is really dead nice the family
called my hat the family holds my ass
the family puts me to sleep let's feel
asleep pineapples are tasty pandas berta
tasty pineapples are tasty pineapples
are sheisty just do the thing do the
thing girl
I see the teeth are sleeping the works
are jellybeans
though up the woman you're shaving the
worms are jelly I twister the seizure
the shiny toothy teacher I just wrote a
book and books are tasting tastier books
I just ran a porcupine through the
teachers fence I take water polo and it
tastes too long I I reached for my
pillow and I drool all over it
do you want to dance with a hippopotamus
do you want to ask you to the bobbies I
want to play football with a frog I want
to play football with a frog
yeah the tree is really big the trees
really pay yeah right yeah yeah you got
hey you got it you got it yeah Wow my
nose is too funny bang hoser fight
bangles are funny phasers ready okay
running down the street with my short
shorts what if we were to build a time
machine put little buttons through it ha
ha don't forget to charge your phone go
faster you foo you fast you food I want
to go to the park with a pack of baby
shoes you have big nostrils you have
been cross I watched the elections on TV
do you want to ride a pony do you want a
wife a pony the alleyway is the place to
the house hmm the triangle entered the
house your shirt is awesome your dirty
socks are home
don't forget to charge your phone the
train goes to two blue outlines analogic
you look I want you to kick an ashtray
that airplane has no wheels airplane
highs twins teddy bears on a wedding
what is the temperature of weather I
went to the park with my baby sister I
want to go to the park with my baby
shoes on this chair is come from the
cherry is on fire oh you dance like my
grandma oh you dance like my grandma
yeah y'all ha ha
