welcome to another episode of try not to
laugh dad jokes edition whoa that was
super synchronized now this time it's
all about the knock-knock jokes we got
some classics I got a couple of ones
that I made up yeah you guys know the
rules
the monkeys are gonna be full of water
and I have to make them laugh so the
person who laughs loses and you guys
keep track of the loser yeah I don't
need this this is just extra because I
want to make you guys laugh like crazy
all right are you guys ready you guys
need to fill up your amounts with water
full no cheating you know how she cheats
right she doesn't cheat
oh she's full okay all right here we go
monkeys assume the water all right knock
knock I heard I heard you was home so I
came over but not even like do some way
you save them okay okay
are you ready for round two oh yeah
blunder your mouth okay good okay okay
knock-knock dishes fishes the police
come out with your hands up
you don't expect this that's it
knock-knock
birdie mm-hmm for the last time open the
door what's up birdie birdie last time
what's a birdie birdie the name of
somebody no I knew a guy named Verdi in
high school
knock knock cannelloni kinda loan me
some money I'm broke
knock knock
control freak do you say control freak
right now that's a stupid way what are
you even trying to say knock knock
Oswald YouTube you two better open this
door knock knock my acid
I said be quiet mister knock-knock
Kenya kick you please just open this
door it's freezing the way you say that
oh my gosh I have to say with energy
guys okay guys let us know who won that
episode I'll be trying to laugh
challenge let's see that was a close one
let us know in the comments down below
guys and if you want to see anything
else let us know we love you guys if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up and like it share it retweet it read
read read eat it REE something it drink
it o if you want to try to said holy try
it at home play with your friends at
home if you want to play at home play
these videos fill water your mouth and
see if you can laugh I tried to make
these guys laughs it worked most of the
time thank you guys for watching we love
you guys I will see you again soon
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and me to comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and use
it to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice but
