hello wanna thanks again for leaving all
your hellos and goodbyes on the comments
so now I'd like I'd say well define like
million different languages so thank you
very much for that today we're doing
data has been walking another episode
and obviously uh wait for my wish to get
ready and we'll walk you through what
we're gonna do
this one's like a mess so this is where
the shots going to be pretty here
and this dead husband walking is called
wrong number and my lovely wife here
this is actually a true story while the
first part the true story I didn't
actually say what I'm in saying but she
let me know you know she's a big yoga
fan and she lost some weight through
sweating it out like crazy and and I
thought it would be a great idea to make
it hasn't walking without hemorrhoids
here with what happened so that's we're
gonna do that's what we're gonna do
today
and we're gonna just set up and get it
going this is just all the dead husband
walking show so what's gonna happen is
I'm gonna be brushing my teeth at the
sink and she's gonna be checking her
weight on the scale and she's going to
say something and I'm gonna say
something back and immediately regret
what I just said and that's pretty much
it
shouldn't take too long it's going to
take about five five ten minutes to shoe
and it'll be right here so she'll be
standing behind me and we'll do the
filming see how it goes you guys tell us
if you like it or not okay so we just
finished the first part and I have to
get on my suit and I'm going to show you
actually where I filmed the the casket
seen a lot of people think it's actually
a casket but it's actually a guest bed
that we use so I'm gonna go put on this
suit
yeah I'll show you how we do it right so
now it's the famous casket scene and
then I'm actually put on a suit I just
put on a shirt that's it and then what I
do is I lie down in the guest bed and
what I do is I film myself for a couple
of seconds and then I will add the music
after and try to edit all in and see how
I how it all works out as the famous
jacket I always use I'm a bunch of suits
but basically it well I don't I'll just
select my mom to cut along with the shot
with regard is it gonna make a special
done they get the different every time
well I love 5 now nice 25 to go 5 more
to go
