why ninja why this guy with blue hair an
ax and a bandana today we want to talk
about Tyler Blevins aka ninja now ninja
you don't know is a very popular twitch
streamer and also a YouTube creator he's
mainly known for his fortnight videos
obviously he's played all kinds of video
games is amazing but he's really really
known for fortnight and he's become
hugely popular in the past year so today
we want to talk about ninja we want to
talk about a few things that he has done
recently and we want to discuss and I
introduced mama to ninja so now you know
who ninja is ninja cuz gaming is a big
part of our home game he's a big part of
our son's life in your life because he
has its own channel now and so I'm super
thankful that you take a big part in
knowing what our children are doing what
is the latest craze right now it's this
young person named ninja and you
introduced me to him and the work that
he's doing and apparently now he's
getting a little bit of hate of course
of course you get hate when you're at
the top when did you first started his
content wasn't family-friendly it wasn't
really PG so he would swear and he would
say questionable things on his stream
but recently he realized that he had a
much larger younger audience so boys and
girls aged 7 to 13 we're watching him
and that's the majority of his audience
so he decided to take a stance make a
conscious decision to make his content
more family-friendly so eliminate
swearing be really careful with the
material that he has on his streams and
on his videos this is from my ninja one
thing I'm gonna start doing is applying
a rated PG pg-13 are in some YouTube
videos and twitch stream titles
depending on the content I understand
some celebs I play with might be a
little more tasteful than others lol
what he's starting to do is put warnings
on his videos and he's age restricting
some of his videos so that parents are
more comfortable allowing their children
to watch this content and dear ninja
thank you for that
thank you for doing that thank you for
taking a stance for being one of the
first people to actively clean up your
content because we firmly believe that
you can succeed in this world with clean
good
family-friendly content what you don't
have to swear what what no f-bombs the
only F words you can say is fun family
friendly forgive me
Wow it is possible it actually is
possible to be successful to do things
the right way see what I've seen and
what I think is the case here is that
when you live your life and you do it in
a way that is good that's correct
when you raise the bar on yourself you
raise the bar for everyone around you
and there are people who are not going
to like that
because it's easier to be lazy it's
easier to be a capo to do what everyone
else is doing it's easier to drop the
f-bomb and get everyone's attention and
what about you rather shock value right
though yeah the drama the shock value
that newsworthy you know negativity the
Jerry Springer's yeah the Jerry
Springer's of the world and so it's a
lot harder it takes a lot more work to
get that attention but the right way
we've done with respect with integrity
with morals with the moral compass there
are two types of reactions that you get
when you have made it when you become
successful you're gonna get the people
who you inspire so the people who say
I'm so happy for you
I'm learning from you I'm so proud of
you please teach me my dad would always
say to me when you meet a successful
person use the few pennies that you have
in your pocket to buy them a coffee
offer to buy them a coffee and sit down
with them and listen to them listen to
their struggles what they've overcome in
life what are the lessons that they
learned is there any advice they can
offer you just listen to these people
that have done it or you're gonna get
the other side of the coin which are
people who are bitter they're bitter
because they're jealous they're envious
it's the why not me mentality why you
and why not me they think that there's
not enough to go around there's not
enough success for everyone to go around
why ninja why this guy with blue hair
and uh and a bandana well why is because
intelligent you see you can't reach this
kind of level this kind of audience
right without knowing what you're doing
this young man this young fellow
obviously knows what he's doing
he's really bright he's smart he's
charismatic he's hard-working and he's
hard-working but see not everyone's
gonna like it they're gonna try to find
something that they can pick at you for
and for this it just happens to be
because he's doing the right thing in
recognizing that the majority of his
audience is young they are young people
and he wants to be a good role model and
a good leader what's what's wrong with
this world that we are now judging and
we are going against people who want to
be a better person or who wants to focus
on another more positive side of
entertainment oh and on the whole like
well you used to do this two years ago
and now you're doing do it anymore
yeah because it's called growing up it's
called evolving and changing and you are
not the same person when you're 15 as
when you're 20 and when you're 25 you're
gonna look back on the things that you
were doing when you were 20 and you'll
think well I wouldn't do that now and
imagine when you're 40 you're not the
person you were when you were 20 and so
yeah you're mindsets gonna change you
will have more experience in life and so
what was okay
10 years ago or even two years ago is
not okay now because you're starting to
realize who you are and so when you're
when you realize who you are inside and
your actions reflect what's true to your
heart then there are gonna be people who
are gonna want to criticize you they're
gonna want to tear you down they're
gonna want to call you a sellout because
he's gone he's been called a sellout for
being family friendly then wow we must
be the biggest sellouts in the world no
no it's the contrary even the other
people that are sellouts the people that
are selling you their fake lives people
that are selling you their their bodies
really they would take off all their
clothes and shake their bodies in front
of a camera for you yeah you'll get the
attention but you won't get their
respects right no I
the end of the day without hard work
without putting countless hours behind
whatever it is your craft is mine and
learning as much as you can and so one
of the things I love about you is you're
constantly learning you're reading you
are always keeping up with the trends
you know what's happening every single
moment of the day in terms of what young
people are doing what their interests
are and it helps you as a parent and it
helps us as parents to know what our
kids are interested in and so right now
it's fortnight or night is the thing and
I am so grateful as a parent as a mother
that there is someone like you ninja who
has such integrity and morals to
understand what an important role you
play in these young people's lives
because really these kids are like a
clean slate and we are writing on who
they are and and their mindset right and
so yeah should you be dropping the
f-bomb all the time no are we saying we
never swear no we're not perfect angels
do we do that on our videos absolutely
not we always try to entertain without
bringing in that side because it's
unnecessary it's not necessary in your
form of communication it's okay to use
other words to express anger happiness
whatever emotion you have you don't need
to swear dear ninja hats off to you
thank you for what you do we are all
learning nobody's perfect and ignore the
people who have criticisms or comments
or something where they just want to
break you they want to break your focus
and serve as a distraction
for what your ultimate goal is and it
happens to everybody it doesn't happen
to everyone it's funny when we were
living in a basement apartment with two
small children and it was so cold in the
winter that you guys would go to bed and
I would leave this stove on to heat up
our apartment but I wouldn't go to sleep
I would make sure that the apartment was
nice and toasty so that the kids weren't
cold we didn't have any haters back then
no we didn't have a lot of haters but of
course once you work hard and you
achieve your dreams whatever your dreams
are and you become successful whatever
your definition of
success is all of a sudden all started
coming out of the woodwork and why you
what's going on not me well instead of
hate can I buy you a coffee let's sit
down I don't have to chat for you for an
hour yeah I'd love to get inspired I'd
love to learn from you yeah it's the
easy way versus the hard way people want
the easy way life is not easy there's no
such thing as a free lunch you have to
work for it if you're in a job that you
don't like if you don't like your
situation how can I change my situation
is it night school I not working during
the day now only sleeping a few hours
but you hustle that's the hustle and
then you do one job maybe it's not what
you like you find something else maybe
you do two jobs maybe it's three jobs at
one time at one point on it's like four
jobs yeah and most of the stuff that I
learned was from just googling and
youtubing everything there really aren't
many excuses that you can come up with
to change your life so thank you ninja
thank you for being who you are and keep
going
yes lions don't listen to the opinions
of sheep Oh
oh snap had to do it had to do it it's
been a while since I spit some fresh
truth thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you've haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said is my
radio voice
