okay okay ready I think we're on we're
on all right nice okay what do you wanna
talk about we have more than six seconds
I don't know what to say we have six
seconds on the on the vines but here on
YouTube we could say whatever we want so
is there anything you want to say what
do you want to say you say yellow much
either not yellow are my teeth yellow
okay thank you
what do you want to say well what what's
what's your favorite movie frozen okay
what's your favorite color pink nice
okay what's your favourite color yo oh
you're interacting that's good
that's what we can do okay we're
interacting what's your favorite color
put in the comments we're really we're
not good at this so we're gonna keep
practicing I don't want do the poop
Mikey you want to try to put my pants
okay maybe that's exciting we got a look
at your boots there okay one sec okay
what are we doing here wait yes what are
we doing here you have to explain what
we're doing here so he picks me up and
I'm on his shoulder it hard
I'm on his shoulders okay I'm good and
he puts me up and he scares me by
dropping down are you ready okay three
two and that's gonna keep my pants is
that fun you're sure yeah okay now we're
gonna trade now you're a big boy so this
is really hard so now you know what I'm
plugging in I do this one second okay
hold on okay right okay here we go
but you're a big boy okay that's trying
I'll turn my job like this okay
I'll go straight oh boy all right
you ready yeah okay I'm gonna drop you
the count of three yeah one two oh okay
you're looking okay that's a little too
much hey where is mama B we have to come
come say something C okay there she is
this year's Miss is beautiful this is
beautiful babe hello I would say hello
hello see she doesn't she doesn't really
kill me for real but um she's so pretty
yes the monkeys take after her for sure
okay okay well I hope you enjoyed our
first episode of the a B family and
we'll try to be more interesting next
time with is our first our first crack
at vlogging so I like the Showtime no
we're not definitely not like the
Shaytards we never say tardes but maybe
uh I don't know maybe we can tell a joke
or something do you know any good jokes
yeah we could do I'll put my pants part
to poop my pants okay we can do that in
the next the next thing would you hang
me upside down and you drop me on my
head and I break my neck
that's not a good idea yeah it's not a
good idea okay let's say bye oh my
goodness
we're gonna miss you so much so to let
you hang the breathing what's you later
