one two three hey guys we know how much
you love the squishy videos so today
we're gonna kick it up or not we're not
only gonna get squishy we're gonna get
furry squishy preemie little pretty
squishy versus squishy
challenge so these are called squeezy
moles formerly known as squishables
which are available at Target and they
are squishy plushies furry squishy look
at this super slow rising
so today the monkeys are gonna challenge
each other to see who gets the
squeezable and who gets the regular
squishy and the one with the most
squeezable z' gets a million dollar gets
becomes that they went up bunch of the
the world champion becomes the world
champion at the squeezable person kitty
alright monkeys are you ready for the
fuzzy squishy vs. squeaky challenge
alright alright big challenge you guys I
don't thank you having to be talking
about like too much squishes because the
grown man that squishy still be mixed I
know we didn't talk - no I didn't okay
good alright are you ready for round one
yeah guys no piggy piggies no
wakey-wakey
okay there's nothing alive in here Rock
Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot yes I choose
this one three two one
so I have the squeezable for this round
it looks to be so on the tag of the
squeeze a boy you can see that there is
a list of the other squeeze well mine is
a little squeezy squeeze priority it's
really slow rising and you know how
plushy these are not fleshy these are
like these are actually like slow rising
and if you smell the squeeze them all
they smell so good not like like
watermelon of a fruit or something smell
like tropical and it's
so me that's a slow rising fluffy
squishy so I just got a not fluffy
squishy this is okay who won that round
yes first I gotta give a little squish
to the camera what I've never seen like
a fluffy submission like this this
create cray okay monkeys around to Paper
Scissors shoot
okay baby I need you I think I choose
this one okay one two three this is
yellow and this is yellow yellow so what
is that a little chicken so this is it
this is what it is up close and let's
read the little handy list here so it
seems that we have Dakota the chick
chick baby this is also pretty
surrounding my mate if you have to ask
me but I think that and once again
wait the chick rings oh man this feels
so nice
1 2 3 4 5 it's a big second single
rising that's cray-cray you know why
they call them squeak the moles could
you gotta squeeze the ball alright next
run Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot okay 1 2 3
no the squishy queen is oh and three I
think we got ourselves a new squishing
oh boy
but why don't we have just been gifted
with its what looks to be a normal the
squeeze woman's name is Nellie the
narwhal oh yeah yes I am yes so far we
have Dakota shoot okay let's try nice
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
rock paper scissor shoot Oh what we've
got to do the mind tactics oh yes
delicious this was it a monkey or is it
a flaw to me it looks like a monkey you
guys think it's a flaw all right right
but guess what you won that round that's
all that matters monkey squishy cake
very nice very nice look at this I had I
have enough to make it squeezable
Mountain
whoo you get to squeeze the squeezable
oh wow that's looking great
yes all right is this a sloth or a
monkey we'll leave it up to you guys
tell us in the comments please all right
I think a cheese how do i sheet I think
I know why why okay I want you to turn
your chair okay let's see if you lose it
this round I swear it's because Eugene
no because I cheat I know how he cheats
see basically you close your eyes and
then you can see um you exhibits there
here you know what I just noticed ladies
and gentlemen that this pretty lady over
here whenever I choose because you know
what I do because I wanted to think that
it's this one
but when I Vegas you guys are hilarious
man oh sorry
no look cuz I'm like I'm working on it
right now there's squeezable like you've
never seen these before I mean you see
squishies but you never see plushy
squishes yeah the final round meet this
round there are five squeezable
just changed it let's go that means if
she gets it she actually wins or if you
get it you win through the champion
forever not ma yeah forever I mean I'm
told next time we film this is it guys
this is it right here the tension one
two three be happy for your brother no
excuse me ma'am can you please help your
brother he lost one of his us we've been
around brother the champion of a siege
oh I got something special for you don't
you worry congratulations mr. B for
winning this challenge good that is a
pretty clean pyramid oh look at all
those chips okay which one's your
favorite mr. B champion my favorite one
probably has to be pepper the penguin
pepper the thing man
my favorite squeezable is Nelly the know
everything everybody wins guys cuz we're
gonna be giving these squeezable away on
our Instagram account so make sure you
follow us at a be family stay tuned for
a post there because we're gonna be
doing a big squeezable giveaway thank
you guys to squeeze the most formerly
known as squishy moles now available at
Target here's the link to the website
you guys can check them out I'm gonna
leave details down below for you guys to
find out more thank you so much guys we
love you so much I'm gonna go in and
squeeze them and read them all we love
you taking all the Nellie's I'm taking
all the Nellie's y'all thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little
things will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice right
