hi baby how are you oh hey baby I you
know what this is a really bad time oh
okay just tell me what you want me to
pick up for dinner yeah I gotta call you
back
okay let me know let me just call you
back okay wow you were so hot who's
there with you I came here that there's
someone there who is it give me a name
oh just wait until I come home you're
done buddy buddy you're done you're done
oh I'm gonna bring home some dinner all
right just wait till I got home I'm on
my way you wait right there
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice right
