son what is it all right guys you've
asked us to do the twin telepathy
challenge and we're gonna do it today
they're not twins
close enough shadow the SIS forces bro
but we're gonna do today we're gonna do
our version of it we're gonna see how
telepathic the monkeys are I'm gonna
have different categories my name's Jeff
you love that here are the rules monkeys
I'm gonna read out a category you're
gonna think about it you're gonna write
it you're gonna try to figure it out
and vice versa and then we're gonna see
who wins easy peasy lemon squeezy
squeezy lineman squeezy team minimis No
all right let's go the first category
ice cream do you have your answer mr.
bean yes all right let's see if the
monkeys are on the same brain length
brain wave brain path three two one
reveal rocky road for miss Bea and
strawberry ice cream for mr. B you guys
and that's where you were thinking I was
like rocky roads the next round all
right
I'm thinking something simple like a
fruit trying to try to transfer that
information to each other's brains of
fruit let's go hmm
the suspense is killing me here Ms bees
got it in three two one watermelon for
Miss beat banana for mr. bean you guys
are so close in age you guys should be
pretty much friends at recess we get the
same things yes then next round this one
should be a little bit better okay what
would a 12 year old girl so Miss B I
want you to think of Planets think of a
planet in your mind mr. B you think of
that planet too what is she thinking
about okay I got one
okay you know what she's thinking yes
all right we have this state of the art
wall in between the monkeys so no one
computing don't hit it too hard cuz I
put those weights down but I'm not
really too sure are you guys ready for
the reveal
Jupiter and Mars oh my goodness Oh
cereal what see really is your brother
thinking about right now okay what is he
thinking about I hope it's not like a
mess quick
I don't think that's quick
serial-killing I'm just kidding
three two one Captain Crunch or miss
being fruit why would you be Captain
Crunch because it's sweeden i I've never
had captain couch how did you not have
Captain Crunch before ha ha ha next
round but you know now miss me you have
to guess your sister boards think about
a sport in your head miss beam
aha the one in the Sun what is she
thinking what's four-letter no hassles
brainwaves over
I already know you already know are you
a thousand percent sure this is my
favorite sport ever I already know you
already know yes all right Tim one son
what is my favorite sport your brother's
gonna think about a pie easy all right
he's thinking of a pie so what kind of
pie is he thinking of
can't be Apple cuz that's really stupid
there we go
he wrote it you've got it depends it two
guesses
no what is my favorite pie I don't know
think about it
it's either pumpkin pie or blueberry pie
okay ready three two one I deeply very
pie I just don't listen when people talk
to me
Wow sure if you want to be this
challenge blueberry I hate blueberry pie
apple pie pumpkin pie is where it's at
oh my goodness
okay next round think about a shape what
would the shape be please be reasonable
Gabi you're thinking about I already did
I've got it you got it reveal your shape
that you were thinking of go okay good
close enough what is that Gabi oh oh oh
diamonds for your language
you thought of a diamond square square
space right what is our office
a rhombus is a diamond domain me feel
bad for having a more advanced line than
you mr. beat think of a number for one
thing should do 1 to 5 think of a number
for one to 5 and your sisters gonna try
to figure out that what wait a second he
has even thought of it yet I'm done
please
okay he's thinking about it feather 1 or
2 3 2 1 are you kidding me you guys are
hilarious
Disney movie your sister is thinking
about no please please please just think
your favorite one you know my favorite
one 3 2 1 yeah
dog cat or bird mr. B think of a dog cat
or bird erase it then rewrite it for a
second no what is he thinking of is he
thinking of a dog a cat or a bird in
three two one female pop singer
I got email Paul trainer Gabby are you
thinking about this person in your head
yeah mr. B do you have your answer
are you confident with your answer in
three two one you need to think about a
Nintendo game when he's got it in his
head then you then you rented a Nintendo
game Nintendo Nintendo pretty basic
okay okay reveal in three two one Super
Mario and Mario Party that's wrong
there's like 27 games Super Mario now
you guys pick a specific game we're
gonna go real simple on this one all
right
Gabby think of a color in your head mr.
B what color is she thinking of I
already know you already know mr. B is
gonna think of a Marvel superhero hmm
all right mr. B's got one in three two
one spider-man for mr. videos Iron Man
for me
well then saved spider-man
miss P you have to think of a school
subject and don't make you like this
missile or like lunch don't do that
because that's not an actual subject
reveal what she's thinking mr. B Jim is
your favorite subject let's go
yeah literally I had a test on Friday
and like it was so hard like the review
was so easy I literally it was yeah we
had like five minutes left on my test
was empty
and I have anything down think of a
youtuber in your head before you write
it you should do find a more final round
yes Rima yeah all right fine
famous streamer or just three but any
streamer that's in your head right now
okay guys reveal in three two one
hey crazy okay you guys are kind of like
twins I guess it worked
Wow that's it for the twin telepathy
challenge today with the monkeys they
kind of know each other's brains I think
it was okay let us know in the comments
down below how many they got right in
this video and let us know if you guys
want to see another twin telepathy
challenge what kind of challenges you
want to see oh don't forget to subscribe
to Miss B's Channel and mr. B's channel
they got some fun stuff there we love
you guys we're still doing for night
dances of course now I'm gonna do thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said
it's my radio voice right
