this is one big cutting board so I'm
getting a big cutting board this is
gonna be a big video hi there I didn't
see there welcome back to another
episode of me by myself
right we're making chalk board slime
Nickelodeon chalk board slime who bought
that for you
my papa because I love you so much
this is a show of me by myself so
apparently you make this like black
slime and you can write on it this is
you can you paint miss good okay so you
don't like write on it you paint on this
you can do like cool designs let's get
to opening this thing up again they hit
on those youtubers are like talking
forever and ever and then they never get
to actually open their things up and I'm
gonna start talking about like their
merch and stuff and let go click on the
link in my bio make sure you check out
my merch and also make sure you like
subscribe and comment down below and
check out yesterday's video also I show
you how to subscribe I don't know click
on the key to the left because that
makes you subscribe and also oh sorry I
just told sleep dude you're fired
alright let's get this thing open I just
did my nails can I have some scissors do
I'm gonna help you open up oh yes please
oh so you need my help now yeah but I
just need to open it up for me go back
go back to your home go back to your
village go back to where you came from
and paint to paint paintbrushes to paint
with cups to put in the chocolate slime
in wow you're organized yeah whoo that
all came in the box yeah sweet kind
notice that everyone's trying to make
slime now yeah but you know what to be
honest Nickelodeon is like the
originator of slime you can't even hate
on Nickelodeon for making a slime they
are the original slicer Nickelodeon
hasn't like uniques mind where you can't
like poke or like stretch it's just a
really good gooey and like
kind of like liquidy and stuff like that
so let's get started
if I see any instruction manuals in here
there we go it's a that kid from the
front number one measured 30 milliliters
of clear glue using the supply measuring
cup and pour into a bowl scrape down the
walls of the cup to get as much of the
glue out as possible what 30 milliliters
of clear glue this is clear blue let's
put 30 milliliters of clear blue hope
anyone smell like something good that's
a loo this is also great because even
though I might be only using one of
these like containers and these things
it's really great because I just love
those containers where you can put slime
in D so I'm gonna be using these
containers for my slime a lot because I
love these types measure 45 milliliters
of water room temperature pour it into
the same Bowl as a glue oh you're
putting it in that bowl this is your
mixing bowl by the way guys
in case you didn't know so sit to scrape
out the walls of the cup to get as much
glue out as possible now you need 45
milliliters of water and we need born in
here so can I get 45 milliliters of
water please pop up your 45 in there no
it's up to 30 okay
it's 30 plus 15 oh you can just do that
you're gonna see that any water don't
all right already
and and 15 is right there 15 is right
there done oh right these are exact
measurements add two spoonfuls of black
chalkboard paint to the bowl with glue
and water use it and to the little boy
eating the supplied spoon all right Wow
this is Chuck this is pretty
straightforward Thank You Nickelodeon
for making my life ten times better and
easier hashtag not sponsored so two
spoonfuls so I'm guessing like people
you know what they look like I'm a
poopoo I look like I'm a poor poor well
you need to go to the doctor if your
poop pool looks like that oh this is
getting like slimy
alright now we got to mix it so I guess
this is like not just like paint it's
like the actual like what brings it
together it's really neat to mix it it's
not gonna be for the for the thumbnail
no you can't eat the slide little edible
slime if the video doesn't do well
edible slime oh I think it's almost done
it looks weird there's a chunk of like a
random slime activator in here yeah so
7.5 milliliters of slime activator
solution and slowly pour it into the
same bowl while stirring slowly with the
slime stick always use a slime sticks to
stir do not stare with hands do not
stare with hands
alright so 7.5 milliliters Oh exactly
7.5 it says like right there cuz it can
always I just like made for this
experience experiment okay now I have to
slowly pour this in because apparently
this is like really powerful
oh it's getting thicker oh oh hopefully
this is slime that I can actually poke
oh it's getting really hard oh hey whose
idea was it to wear a black shirt doing
a black slime video mine I can't see you
know I mean credit I can't see anything
look at the kids on the slime thing
you're not wearing black is there on the
cover of the friggin box so you have to
be colorful uh-huh how's that slime good
it just needs some more extractions oh
let's try to draw a few moments later
you know what I changed my shirt cuz I
realized this would have been a terrible
video if I did black slime with a black
shirt this is actually really good I let
it set for a minute
and yeah so it's very much
this is actually like kind of stretchy
you know it's like jelly it's like um
jiggly sign choice jiggly smiley
what's it if it's me jiggly slime and
others line jiggly slime is more like
jello and it's really your jelly it's
like this oh sorry I won't do that again
can you do the twirly twirly x' yeah
this world I think I couldn't like only
do that with like soft butter slime like
fluffy find bunny this is hey I can try
you know you have to write something on
that that's like super super trendy and
relatable hmm
whoa that is so satisfying
you know right nine plus ten equals 21
no we can write mother-father
no what are you gonna write no my album
on iTunes now
basically just make black slime grab
paint this is not like a special slime
it's just black slime and then paint
black paint black slime that was lit I
see letovsky ah look at that up close
with the colors looking good looking
good
oh we are done with our work the other
thing it looks this shows them like
picking up and stretching it all right
it's stuck
but wait but in the picture they get to
like pick it up yeah whoa are you
serious what they do is maybe maybe you
have to hold it up and someone draws on
it we see that this is what we see we
see this and this is what we want we
want a photo holding up the slime okay
so this is what we're gonna do
look at that cool that's what I want I
want to be holding up the slime with the
words cool on it it's gonna work yes all
right Joey put cool do a colorful list
all right try it see if it works word
slime Wow okay that that wasn't as easy
as the box however we did get some lime
very good slime audre you can draw on
this lime dressing weird relative stars
I guess I'm gonna draw a bunch of
circles
you are a real mikkel Angeles thank you
wow that is some nice chalkboard slime
art you got there
all right so what do you think on a
scale of one to ten I'd rate this slime
an eight because it was fun to draw on
it was really satisfying to playing it
and it was actually slimy didn't like
fall apart in my hands this is the gummy
slime right yeah it's jelly jelly jelly
slime guys thanks for watching we love
you if there's anything else you want to
see if you want to see any more slime
videos if you want to see the more
challenge videos that will let us know
in the comments down below
no thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice
