okay the ladies aren't home yet so I
figured we'd have some guy time so maybe
we can play some sports yeah today we're
going to attempt to make a giant peanut
butter Reese cup we're gonna make a
giant one do you know how big this is
gonna get like shout out to my cupcake
addiction a whole bunch of people made
it I'll link them down below but we're
gonna attempt it ourselves so we're
gonna do this are you ready yes okay so
basically you need like a quiche keep
straight I got two keys trays because I
want to make sure that I make a key
straight for the chocolate and a key
straight for the peanut butter.you lots
of chocolate you're gonna need some
butter do you need some peanut butter
some what is this confectioners sugar
Baker's sugar whiz is called powdered
sugar and that's all you need so we're
gonna do this so the first thing we got
to do did you eat the Reece Cup I need
to it's a good thing I got two of them
yeah so the first thing we want to do is
melt chocolate and we want to mold it
into this pan so the way to do that is
to melt chocolate into a pot that's like
a double pot so the first pot has water
and we're actually boiling the water
there and then this pot is gonna have a
chocolate in it so that we don't burn
the chocolate yeah we got this boy we
got we're gonna melt that now that we
have a chocolate in the pot we're going
to gently stir it and melt it I'm a
professional and I know that if I had
this chocolate directly on the heat it
would burn did you are you zooming in on
my face or somebody not no now we got
that chocolaty goodness starting to melt
just a couple of more minutes patience
is the key mister B so now that the
chocolate is almost melted we're gonna
prep our Reese's Peanut Butter Cup tray
and we're gonna
we're gonna wrap this in parchment paper
to make it easier for the chocolate to
pop off when you know there you go you
got it pop it back okay
the chocolate is ready to be poured
how's that look satisfication but we
have to do is we need to spread it
gently see that how's my spreading
skills sent ten out of ten yeah this is
gonna be like the bottom of the peanut
butter cup okay this actually seems
easier to do than the cinnamon bun so
what you want to do is you want to
spread it along the edges because you're
creating a chocolate cuff once this
cools off and hardens we're gonna put
peanut butter inside this Cup
I'm like a pastry chef here so you're
gonna put the peanut butter on top of
there yeah and then what's gonna happen
what are you gonna put on top and then
I'm gonna put another layer of chocolate
now that we have our melted chocolate
Cup we need to put this in the fridge
for about 30 minutes 30 minutes and
we're gonna let it harden if it's more
than 30 minutes could be an hour but the
important part is this has to harden so
that we can put the peanut butter on top
and then put chocolate on top of the
peanut butter in the chocolate all right
let's go put this in the fridge so now
we are going to make the peanut butter
filling which we use peanut butter
confectioner sugar and a little bit of
butter yes I'm salted butter unsalted
butter because we're not salting on the
same No okay so it has to be equal parts
we're gonna go one and a half cups of
confectioner's sugar what
have peanut butter looks like about 1/2
and now we're gonna add about 1/4 cup of
butter to like mix it all together
quarter cup of butter
now we have our peanut butter
confectioner sugar and butter and we're
gonna mix it in a bowl see what happens
now we just gotta wait it's just
happening is this really gonna happen
yep we're gonna make a huge
Reece Cup yeah the ladies are back but I
don't want to see you I see you dad
what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna put
the peanut butter mix into this tray and
we're gonna let that harden as well in
the fridge so I'm a baker yo all right
guys tryin to make a bacon show here
guys sorry I'm trying to do an epic ten
okay we're gonna I promise we're gonna
eat dinner right after I pour the peanut
butter okay okay guys this is an epic
peanut butter shot guys baby
oh yeah now that's what I call peanut
butter peanut butter peanut butter
peanut butter but look how's that mom be
amazing I'm just gonna spread this
mm-hmm once this hardens up I'm gonna
put this inside to the chocolate cup
this is like
skills right here
I'm popping this in the fridge do it
look at that hmm I'm gonna bring that to
grandma's house
ladies and gentlemen I am now chocolate
peanut butter one hour later all right
mom
so handsome it's not handsome oh you're
so handsome oh boy okay it's been about
an hour the chocolate cup is pretty much
cold and hard now and the the Reese's
the peanut butter part is good so we're
gonna do it do it
look at this goodness like that solid
but I don't want to knock on it too hard
honey here's the peanut butter check
that out
you know how it tastes cuz I tried it
already oh good you see that oh yeah
easy so it's still a little a little
flip in a jiffy but you know what do it
now before it starts to melt stop
talking and do it okay so hold on let's
do dinner I'm gonna pop it in chocolate
Boop
so now I need to put this in there right
should I shave it a little bit what do
you mean shave it like the cup cupcake
addiction ladies does the whole
exceeding and the thing in TV no look II
know I know the intro because then
you're gonna cover it with the chocolate
anyways he who hesitates don't get no
peanut butter so what can you do when it
doesn't matter because it's going inside
the cup yeah so what I just do that
nothing you got to remain positive in
situations like this technically the
peanut butter has to be super hard
and it's not it's like it's still pretty
soft and peanut buttery but what we're
gonna do is we're gonna spread it as
much as possible in the cold chocolate
and then we're gonna do is we're gonna
pour the chocolate on top of the peanut
butter cup and then we're gonna cross
our fingers and continue to remain
positive
you know I'm periodically time
now we're going to pour chocolate on top
of this how's that hole satisfication is
it satisfication guys' yes it is you got
that close up mama B mmm-hmm Yas Queen
Yas Queen yeah oh that looks amazing
the only way to do this right is if you
stick out your tongue a little bit when
you're doing something
this is the giant Reese
this is the regular reason mommy look at
how amazing this is guys a few moments
later this is an original Reese Cup
right here this is the actual size
butter now let's have a look at the
large massive literally like a million
of these this is basically the earth and
that's the Sun fungus compared to that
way
look at the edge can you see that
clearly on the camera can you see how
clear that is clearly it was ugly oh my
boy
how's that perfection my hands are
shaking cuz I can't believe I did this
Wow and I'd look at that a clean cut a
clean cut clean nice clean clean that I
paid good money for this look at that
only forty five thousand calories how is
it guys that's solid chocolate right
there Wow okay
great success I had my doubts for a
little second there but then everything
was gonna be all right because you gotta
remain positive and it's not just about
the end results about the journey it's
about doing this together it's about
trying new things and sometimes they
turn out really well
thanks for watching everybody if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up and if you try this at home please
let us know in the comments send us some
pictures on Twitter on Instagram we'd
love to see it this was a master thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribing ly to comment down below if
you've haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
