welcome to another episode of dad jokes
dad looks like three or four I think so
three or four but it's dad jokes try not
to laugh so if you want you guys can
grab a cup of water or a bottle of water
you can do it with us get your water
yeah yeah okay get your water right now
I know you're being lazy get up go get
your water yeah well I see I see I see
some people have the water that's good
that's good all right let's play some
try not to laugh I'm gonna make these
monkeys laugh oh oh shout out to the the
dad jokes merch I got that no no no okay
so get peed yourself mm-hmm okay dad
jokes merch be fab shop calm it doesn't
look like Deadpool it's just the
coincidence that jokes I'm gonna tell
some classic dad jokes and the monkeys
are gonna try not to laugh they're gonna
have a whole bunch of water in their
mouths so are you guys ready for this
okay combination of new jokes classic
jokes and knock-knock jokes
monkeys please make your bold mouths
full of water and make sure that now
we're closer oh I gotta bring it up Oh
full cheeks
what do you call cheese that's not yours
nacho cheese you know that joke yeah
okay a man just assaulted me with butter
cream and milk how dairy knock knock
Nana none of your business who it is
I don't trust climbing up the stairs
because they're always up to something
no okay
here's no math right there's just
something about subtraction that just
doesn't add up
hello it's a classic man that's a
classic I used to work at the doughnut
Factory but I quit I was fed up with the
whole business you like that
yep knock knock Robin Robin Robin you
hand over the cash I killed that joke
the delivery was you get me all wet hey
you guys ready for a vacuum joke mm-hmm
I forget it sucks
I ran into a mirror once I really need
to watch myself do you guys want to hear
a joke about a clock yeah it's about
time right okay I tried wearing tight
jeans once I tried to wear tight jeans
yes the funny fire I'm trying to let Joe
get them all wet
okay knock knock Candice Candice door
open or what knock knock Doris Doris
lock that's why I had to knock you guys
ready for this one this is a good
classic right here
I had three Bulls of alphabet soup I had
the biggest vowel movement ever
hiccupping my phone is waterproof man
knock-knock interrupting honk I wrote a
song about a tortilla once what's more
of a rap
okay knock knock my dam my damn foot got
caught in the door please open it okay
okay what kind of car does a cow with
lots of money drive a Cadillac you guys
don't know what a Cadillac is a rich
coward drives a Cadillac
no okay did you guys hear about the guy
who invented the number zero yes thanks
for nothing
the part where the guide ran to the
number zero like nobody invented well
that's how you got to walk into a dad
joke all right here we go
what does a baby computer call his dad I
understand oh man what you guys think
about that oh oh man I hope you I hope
you ran out of water it's I'm soaked
please no more okay because I don't want
to do the laundry Rita thanks for
watching guys I hope you guys are played
along with us let us know down below if
you have any funny dad jokes mom jokes
funny puns try this at home with your
family and we'll do it again who won
this time definitely me me I think that
depends it depends what we're going for
if we're going for the last monkey one
if we're going for the try not to laugh
all right guys if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up and you want
to see any more jokes or anything else
leave a comment down below we love you
guys I will see you again soon okay
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
