how's it goin everybody how's it going
whoo I'm doing good thanks for asking
we don't let you guys love the squishy
food versus real food we've done that
before now it's time for part deux but
this time there's a twist we're doing
giant squishies versus versus real
simply so it's way good right these are
the world's largest squishies guys the
world's largest you have never seen
anything this big before this is
ridiculous I figure there is hell no but
it's pretty big if you're bigger than
the table no it's not bigger than
monkeys you know the deal oh my gosh
squishy I've ever seen in my life what
the heck is bigger than that that is a
cantaloupe squishy I think it's like a
slow rising something how'd you
cantaloupe fun good oh my god look at
that
is it slow rising it's very slow rising
it's so soft really news it smells like
bread it's very very sweet very squishy
it has a helmet ready for battle all
right let's get the official squish Wow
I still hard to squish it's even bigger
than I had it look it's bigger look at
look at the detail I know
oops landlubbers alright give it the
POTUS is for all those slime lovers
you can either squish like that or like
that and you've got it but this is for a
squid you kick you like you like that
yeah are you guys ready for round two
yeah big Billy no both Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
all right I choose this one cuz I want
some food you show what you can we got a
giant orange so let's just give it good
the vitamin C we need to Jesus on that
slow rising that's so soft I break that
a 900-mile like how does it smell smells
like an orange is like a like a juggle
all right head check how big is that
compared to your head huge all right
monkey show the close up oh yeah oh
that's some good squeezing we got there
ah yes oh that's a nice pattern oh yeah
I think okay so far that's my favorite
one meet you you like it how's that
orange thank you orange you know it's
crazy right is that it smells like
orange is here and not so much here just
in here anyway this isn't calming I have
a very designer helmet right here made
by Lilly Vuitton 303 Rock Paper Scissors
shoot Rock Paper Scissors shoot
rockin it says she Raptors
it's just a prank bro oh I love this one
today it's so heavy - oh whoa its
payments in look it's pigmented that is
so soft look at that look at the back
how beautiful that is nice and the more
squishy small rising of them all and
then we got the watermelon feet this is
like so on the back you have your
watermelon like pig tail tail yeah I
guess you could say very delicious
so squeeze you skill I'd read this 1/10
all right realistic scale ten is that
the best one so far yes so soft it's so
soft how soft is it oh yeah look at that
am i doing it right nope you have to
squeeze it all the way to the core like
this with my nails no that is the
largest most slow rising watermelon I've
ever seen in my favorite yeah are you
guys ready for the final round
yes all right somebody taught you boys
foot cut Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot though you do
thank you one two three
one tiny strawberry look at the size of
that strawberry this smells amazing it's
so soft I like the first one
yeah how's that strawberry huge it's
perfectly detailed it's not like the
paint job sucks is that a good paint job
perfect look at that this is like the
warheads challenge Oh oh my gosh look at
that because we have a smaller version
of that but it's so crazy little bit
that fresh one so we got some of the
seats on the side we have the things on
the top so that one's very symmetrical
but this strawberry it has a couple of
like bumps and edges this is good for
hugging if you're like a loner and
you're like don't have any friends about
one of these so you just take it out
with you anywhere you want yeah you've
got a friend and you've got some food
yeah
look at that oh that's super squishy you
don't it looks like right it looks like
a giant squishy burger yeah yeah because
this is like the cheese oh my that looks
like a giant squishy burger it looks
like a healthy burger oh well we've now
created a giant squishy burger slow clap
whoo I like that thanks for watching me
let us know in the comments down below
which one is your favorite out of these
giant squishies and I let us know what
giant squishy you would like to see in
the future yes comment down below let us
know maybe we'll make a giant squishy
one day what do you think squishy sword
squishy burger squishy heart
squeegee board night weapons okay guys
thanks for watching we love you we'll
see you again soon
thanks for watching thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and Li
to comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little feet will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice bye
you
