ladies and gentlemen welcome back to
another episode of surprises versus real
food yeah real food we've done this so
many times you okay no but okay guys
listen before you judge you guys like
the real food videos yeah okay we could
we could just unbox the surprising ones
to just show them but that wouldn't be
fun yeah yeah okay I have an idea here
we're gonna put real food inside the
surprise emelles ball
oh so you make it a surprise '''l or you
make it real food yes oh you're exactly
exactly so shout out to surprise doubles
for sponsoring this video thank you
thank you thank you so this is Series
eight so in each surprise at all
you get one stuffed animal which is
pretty cool guys they're like cute
little plushies in these little balls we
both have one surprise symbol right here
we're gonna see what's inside so if you
look at the front of this box you can
actually see what surprise or most you
can get and it also comes with a paper I
probably want Brody Brody to look so
awesome he's like an orange and blue
penguin
I really wanna swing oil Nash which ones
Nash he's the blue guy I really want him
fun whoa
I always wanted this guy to I got a
chameleon
his name is Marley chameleon look easy
you guys ready to see what you inside my
surprise warrants have a look three two
one oh that's so cute so we've got
Joseph the pot-bellied pig oh my oh my
babies it's so cute he's so so cute he's
got his little ears
it's so exciting getting to like open
these cuz you don't know what you're
gonna get and each one of them is just
so cute like just a little Marley the
chameleon is just wrapped around my
finger like they're so adorable who is
ready for the cello me I'm gonna put
either food or a surprise '''l inside
the surprise of all I will close it and
I'm gonna lay it on the table you guys
can't touch it okay no peeking no
peeking cuz I know if you start shaking
it you'll know if there's something soft
cute and fluffy inside or if it's food I
got a surprise of all okay guys I have
two surprises all right here I'm gonna
say that this one has the food in it and
that one has a surprising room in it
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot The Rock Paper
Scissors shoot Rock scissor shoot yeah
three two one
I was right I actually got Archie the
octopus he's so cute he's got his eyes
he's orange and yellow he looks so cute
and what did you get miss v I go all
right you want that right mr. B right
you wouldn't to do for you - you
wouldn't take a plane Oh is your mouth
getting oh yeah yeah - your mouth
getting water yes am I'm salivating like
crazy I know like eating lemons my god
you just do it who's ready for round two
I'm ready for that sucked all that out
boom boy we got a crazy person can turn
that way my friend
all right round and nuba Davos Newberry
I'm gonna leave it there all right let's
a surprise move it yeah in that has a
food Rock Paper Scissors shoot
what did you get
what is the name I'm gonna name it Jeff
check the tag oh my and checking Amy oh
so happy this is like the first time I
ever won around with like these types of
games look at this hmm that is so cute
and fuzzy oh my goodness and what did
you get sir no don't crack it on your
head that's a real that's a that's a non
boiled egg crack it in the surprise of
all know you're tired we're tied okay
yeah number three
ready that one has a surprise mo okay
can I just say how cute this looks look
at that just whoa that's how it opened
yeah and what is that gyah the walrus
guy bring it up to the front there jia
jia the walk right all right okay and
what did you get miss i got an orange
she's she's not very happy okay
gentlemen round number all right
round number four are you guys ready for
number four so ready rock crevices of
shoot shoot you guess wrong no what is
what do you have sir oh geez and you
know what I got a item I got Zoey oh
this is zebra I got so II the zebra see
Zoey the zebra oh my goodness is so cute
so adorable amazing and how adorable is
your piece of cheese are you tied this
is gonna be the tiebreaker this is the
finale right here you win it children
are you ready we are so ready a round
number final round number finally the
round number final right here guys this
is the formal round this is the
tiebreaker okay I know everyone has a
surprising rule which one has a
surprising oh yes and if my calculations
are so then it is that one what did you
get you got a big old knife and what did
you get cannot believe you right now
okay guys these surprising moles are
available in over 80 countries you never
know which one you're gonna get series 8
is out now at all major retailers and
specialty shops mama and baby series two
are out now at all major retailers and
special toy shops be on the lookout for
the
rare pets there are over 200 of these to
collect and you can collect them all
guys they're spoken retailers such as
Target Walmart Walgreens and online at
surprise abodes world.com check it out
guys you guys are crazy guys let us know
in the comments down below which one was
the cutest surprise mole in this video
and follow us on Instagram send us a DM
and we're gonna randomly select some
winners for some surprise moles guys
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little feet will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
