let's talk about what we're gonna do
today talk about dead dad Joe Joe no
today we're gonna be doing the taco art
pancake challenge pancake art tacos
there we're making tacos for pancake art
tacos because that's the video pancake
are on top of spam your tacos magic
pancake art tacos challenge so the
monkeys are gonna make the talk was a
full-on
taco everything is gonna be pancake yeah
just I've never seen this before I've
seen people make pancake taco shell and
then they put like bacon and eggs but
I've never seen a pancake taco shell
with pancake dressing and planky things
whipping cream with whipped cream man
what all right you guys ready for those
of you who don't know what a taco looks
like good luck monkeys thank you and bon
bon voyage may the best taco maker win
hey so I'm gonna start with via the show
that's a very nice shell going on there
okay so you're gonna make a big circle
yeah yeah heavily that was great I mean
yeah girl
wow that's looking pretty cool it's
pretty fantabulous tickle your old flame
all right you got ourselves a pancake
yeah
hey mine is gonna be good mine is gonna
have money's a 3-2 what Oh
whoopsies I am making the lettuce now
the lettuce very nice wow that's like
dark green all right now I'm gonna make
my lettuce all right I'm gonna make
multiple can you laugh it out smiling ah
two different styles again oh we got
that caramelized lettuce let us talk
about what we're doing here taco okie
dokie bring you good so it's raining
tacos no matter this guy tacos no need
to nice why just open your mouth and
close your eyes it's raining tacos yum
yum yum
what is shells tip cheese meat cheese
since the song says let's shells cheese
and meat let's put that and lots of
cheese there but what I'm doing is I'm
doing scrambled pancakes so you know how
it's like ground meat and it looks kind
of like you can sprinkle it and cheese
so I'm gonna like now we're gonna put
the tomatoes I don't like tomatoes I
don't think you can make a taco without
tomatoes making scrambled cheese like
just like tomato slices how about that
haha scramble cheese I don't think
that's how it works
I think you know when you make scrambled
eggs and you move it around like that
you're gonna turn into like those where
you can sprinkle it on you know very
unique technique I see there is that
still a pancake oh definitely it's still
made out of Penn cakes I think you're
onto something
how are you gonna eat that now well I
already know who's winning this
competition so you're doing a full-on
tomato yeah
all right we got the cheese it's
scrambled cheese and it puts more when I
got my technique here I'm going for like
the cloudy and I'm doing the same for
the meat as well I'm not eating yours
that's for sure I think it's gonna taste
the light is it cooked yet my technique
is making all the ingredients and then
adding the special ingredients both of
your tacos are looking amazing
thank you sir whew you guys are going
full-on round Tomatoes yeah Wow five
star tomatoes gotta turn up the heat so
it cooks quick and then I'm gonna turn
it back down so I could put some more in
the middle they don't listen schools
time to add in is the middle red you
know what I was saying
flipping flip Oh beautiful good flip it
flip Oh beautiful again flip it flip ha
and now we have the meat and now it's
time to meet the other ingredient come
on that one's a good one
this really meets my expectation can ask
them cleaning up to do ok sir what do
you think though your sister's pancake
skills right now um so I think that she
will definitely be able to plate in time
and um great nice fantastic
all right okay you ready yeah
all right both monkeys are assembling
their tacos so I'm putting the meat
first that looks like real meat yeah Wow
okay that looks like real meat yes it
does and how's yours looking um it looks
a bit papery
but that's okay I guess I'm gonna have
to uh keep on keepin on with this one
have you been looking both very nice
thank you all right boy looking good
thank you all right we got the whipped
cream yeah that's like the sour cream
the assembly is happening oh I'm excited
to see what its gonna look like that is
looking great Wow good that's all
painting then a pancake oh wow was it
did my technique work this is like
thumbnail worthy guys this is for like
the YouTube paper school this goals do
it that what's amazing oh my goodness
full-on pancake tacos guys I'm gonna put
a little bit of maple syrup can you put
it this way like mm-hmm
how's that oh yes we've been doing it
anyway okay sure you can try yours
perfect perfect
uh-huh what do you think whoa good is it
amazing
very good I would eat this every day for
breakfast you wouldn't mmm sweet pancake
taco shell let it's pancake tomato you
got cheese you have pancake meat and we
got some whipped cream and some maple
syrup definitely try this at home
scramble oh you can do the scramble tip
how's the scramble taste she's good too
can't take a bite thanks for watching
everybody we love you if you like this
video please
give it a thumbs up and if you want to
see another challenge let us know in the
comments and let us know who won this
challenge was it the crazy giant taco or
the ground beef looking taco pancake
team ground taco or team big taco let us
know thanks for watching guys we love
you oh I feel horde way thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice
