guess what we're gonna do today
yoga meditation no walk in nature no
you're walking in nature
definitely not really you're walking in
a dark scary forest at night but it's
nature
mommy today is gonna play Slenderman a
lot of you have asked us for mommy to
play some games and the last time she
did this she was scared playing five
nights at Freddy's but today you're
gonna play slender slender slender
slender man how does that sounds that
sounds scary Slenderman Slenderman is
when you combust the shoot that's what
he knew whoa whoa so your makeup is
o'clock can I have some so much work
nikkietutorials is like are you ready to
play some join them yes
Slenderman of Slenderman Slenderman do
you think you're gonna be scared of a
game called slender no you know
all right monkeys let's go scare Mom
let's go play video games with Mama beat
what are your predictions monkey you
think so yeah what do you think because
she is stronger than that this is a
really old school game but you guys have
asked us to play this game and finally
we're gonna do it what do you think do
you like this okay mama be put on the
headphones look so stylish
you got your mouse hey got your keyboard
and you got your sweet tarts if you need
them and your your baby Deadpool so the
whole point of this game is that you
have to collect the pages and you got to
make sure that Slenderman is not around
so I'm not shooting anything no you're
not shooting anything you're just
running handle it basically you look at
the trees and you're like in the trees
we'll have all these pages maybe collect
those they have pages yeah some of the
trees will have pages on them or it
likes any of the structures huh see see
if nature you know it's scary what are
you hearing right now she's quiet
yo I don't see any pages I don't see
pages what's going on there's a big tree
there tree there that's when you go
faster yeah but now I can't see anything
this beige oh and how do I get in oh you
got it cool alright you got it cuz job
Mike ahead noise good job okay this
musics terrifying
why is the music so scary well for me
why do people play this for the thrill
it doesn't make any sense am I going the
wrong way you're always going the right
way and you're always going the wrong
way
oh wait isn't my heart beating out of my
chest right now I don't like this I
don't like it is you're getting close to
him because of TV's like getting oh so
should I go backwards backwards
backwards backwards here babies try this
button shoo okay well chip oh there we
go
well I do not at all man I don't see any
notes though how many where are these
notes men oh okay I don't know where to
go I don't know go go go oh no I just
saw Slenderman what uh this is giving me
crazy anxiety right now when the screen
was going off fuzzy did you hear
anything no no no yes remember what I
told your mom I click on them click on
them to look or it takes you don't look
where is it left click so don't look at
him in the eyes don't look at him in the
eye
oh oh there's another face I can't see
anything
oh no I feel a little bad if you're
gonna have nightmares I only have two
notes right yeah
how many more notes - six more she's
shaking in her shine glass
my fingers are like cramping right now
I'm so nervous how do I know where the
tickets are I'm like so nervous right
now
normally I start screaming just imagine
if you were actually in this forest ha
ha ha oh I thought those are legs well I
just came from there I'm going the same
direction Oh No
whoa whoa how was that
people play that game that's the first
one there's a whole bunch of them look
at my hands whoa
okay now I feel really bad
the mouse is all like wet and like
clammy
that's a clammy Mouse the caps lock is
dripping oh all right scary this on a
scale of one to ten 49 49 thanks for
watching everybody if you want to see
any more crazy fun videos like that let
us know in the comments down below
are there any other scary games that
maybe one of us who try small very
clammy but you know what it wasn't it
wasn't my idea it wasn't my idea ideal
is it it wasn't mine who they deal with
it it was it was the Monkees they said
it was my idea thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little thing
will pop up and you get to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice right
