what I'm grateful for in 2016 take three
the first half of this year has been a
little rough just with the world just
being bombarded with the negativity all
day every day Carlos starts to weigh you
down and I found myself looking back
through my grateful jar frisked and I
first kind of got this idea after
rereading for I don't even know the
umpteenth time the book of Ecclesiastes
which is written by King Solomon and I
really love that book because I
discovered it when I was in college and
you're just kind of wondering like oh my
gosh what is this all for I'm about to
be an adult and I don't feel like one
what is the meaning of life oh my gosh
and basically Salman's like the meaning
of life is kind of just you know help
people and do the best you can and when
times are good because you've worked
hard and God has blessed you with those
things you know drink and be merry and
revel in that you know and be grateful
for that and when times are not so good
because those times will come um be
grateful for those times two because God
has made them both yeah I just wanted to
get on and kind of make a little
positive corner of the internet for a
minute and just talk about the things so
far in the year 2016 that I am grateful
for you know glass half-full and you
know being grateful is not something
that I think it's not something that I
think can come naturally to people i
think it is something that you have to
work at there are a few things that I'm
grateful for one but I talked about how
my husband mr. Hollis was going to be
graduating with his master's degree soon
in May which has happened and I'm so
excited he got his master's degree my
baby iijima cated y'all he's so educated
one of the things I wanted was for him
to find a job that he enjoyed and so as
someone who has found professional
happiness I wanted him to have that too
and it's just so refreshing now to see
him in his new job that's actually why I
we moved here to San Antonio was cuz you
got a new job it was just cool to see
your best friend happy you know like
that's really bit um the next thing that
I'm really grateful for is that I to
almost to the day
well know a little bit past the day but
this time last year i made a video
talking about how excited I was to have
3000 subscribers and I just realized
that I'm right around this time I was a
little over 3,000 and now i'm about to
hit six thousand so I've almost doubled
my subscriber count in a year and that's
cool and I appreciate y'all watching
because I'm actually like starting to
make very very very very very very
modest coins from this year youtube
channel and that's cool that's really
cool and finally I am grateful to see
one of my friends starting to really
kill it as well on these here YouTube's
Evelyn from the internets is having its
like 2016 is the year of Evelyn she is
finally getting the recognition that I
feel like she's deserved you know to see
the Beyonce thing happened for her was
like and now she's about to go to
Thailand in November if you don't know
about that everyone from the internet
and jewels II who's also amazing is
going to Thailand in November I'll link
to the video that Evelyn used to
describe it and I think that thing's
almost full like if you don't know you
might be too late just really cool to
finally see a friend as well as a
youtuber just be successful those are
just a few of the things that I'm really
grateful for for the year 2016 so far I
am hopeful for the future because if you
can't you have to be you have to be
hopeful for the future in spite of
everything and there are many things you
have to be hopeful and you have to stay
positive and so yeah what are some of
the things that you are grateful for so
far in the year 2016 please let me know
in the comments below so that way I can
revel in your excitement and I can revel
in your gratitude with you and yeah I'll
see you when I see you
