two months locked take one hey everyone
it's me hallease
I'm back so it has officially been two
months since I started locking my hair
and so a few small things have changed
one I'm not just interlocking anymore
I'm now doing just like a combination of
interlocking and retwisting so for
example last night I noticed the top of
my head was really getting messy and it
was getting hard to step distinguish
between locks so I just went ahead and
retwisting it last night I just used my
simple rose water and glycerin mix and
just you know read twisted the top and
it looks pretty good because I just felt
like you needed it but I didn't feel
like the rest of my hair really needed
that touch-up there are a few locks in
the back that I think need a quick
touch-up but rather than retwisting
those I'll just interlock those really
quickly so I'm kind of doing this yeah
kind of weird like when I think my hair
kind of needs it and on the locks that I
think needed I do it kind of thing
because at the end today I really am
just trying to get my hair to just you
know lock and make sure that things are
defined but try to keep be mostly
hands-off as possible so yeah I don't
really have a designated schedule for
when I maintain it's more just like this
locks getting kind of unruly let me go
ahead and just you know update it I
don't know how if there's really much of
a difference in the look but probably
will seem like there is because once
again I just retouched the front like
almost all of the front I retouched it
last night so there might be a little
bit of a difference there but yeah and
then so yeah as far as maintaining also
remember the last month I did ask y'all
what tools do you use to maintain your
hair when I do interlock I actually just
use a safety pin I learned this from
damien walters and that seemed to be the
best thing there were I looked into soil
provided like lock tools etc
most of them looks pretty good one of
them was like crazy expensive and I was
like no sir it all looks like they're
good ideas but they all seem like tools
that will be easier to use when my hair
is longer like at least two you know
like ear links yeah that's pretty much
it I'm still washing once or twice a
week and now I've gotten to the point
where I'm still gonna get my hair wet
pretty often and I find that my sebum is
really really thick and that's why I
often would struggle with dirt and build
up issues couldn't see what just stay so
now that I realized that I'm really
making it a point to like get my hair
wet regularly and really massage my
scalp to try to get the sebum to move
down the shafts of my hair and that
seems to be helping but I'm still
watching twice a week with the Jason
shampoo I'm retouching when I feel like
it needs it and you know I'm just living
my life like it's golden in the comments
below let me know if there's anything
like anything specific you want to know
about how I maintain my hair and I'll
try to answer it in next month's video
but yeah two months with the lacs and
I'm feeling it you know I really am
trying to enjoy every stage and every
length and I really you know I've always
thought that I looked cute with short
hair anyway like frames my face really
well but I really love this kind of
spunky fun little you know bob you know
like a little sprite look I got going
with with the locks at this length so
I'll be sad when this length turns into
like the next stage because I think this
length is cool you know this was a cool
length like if this was just my hair
just all the time and it just stayed
this length forever I wouldn't be mad
about it you know yeah that's me I'll
see you when I see
