my still recording I am steak seven hey
everyone it's me Holly's back with
another video so I want to let y'all
know I recently became a clue ambassador
if you follow me then you know a few
months back i created a video about the
clue app which is a menstruation period
tracker app if you're interested in the
app it's available for android and
iphone and i will link to it in the
description box they started an open
invitation to anyone who is interested
in becoming a clue ambassador and i
applied and they accepted me so the
point of being a clue ambassador is to
basically champion women's health create
safe spaces for women to discuss health
issues related to them things of that
nature and i thought the best way to do
that for me and what I enjoy doing which
is producing and creating content would
be via my youtube channel so in the
coming months I hope to start to have
little I guess mini episodes webisodes
little quick discussions about different
women's health topics and creating a
safe space for women to discuss them in
the comments below I really love the
idea of normalizing something like
women's health women's reproduction all
of the health issues and concerns that
go into that so I'm really excited to be
a clue ambassador and create hopefully
this little series and yeah it would be
great to hear from you although if you
could comment down below with any topics
that you think you would like me to
cover I do have a few topics in mind
that i will start building content for
but as always i love getting comments i
love read all the comments and i usually
answer back to so let me know in the
comments below if you have any ideas for
episodes that you think i should produce
and i'll see you when I see
