hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always
coming at you with some producers
creative commentary for the latest
volume entry on the channel am i losing
him if you haven't checked it out it's a
really short vlog um entry for the
channel and I think it's maybe two
minutes so I'll link to it in the Eye of
Sauron
so yeah this is something that I do to
kind of showcase the creative process
for how I come up with the vlogging
entries and then also to give you
awesome technical skill on editing
specifically in Premiere Pro but a lot
of the things that I do crossover to
whatever editing software you're using
so if you're here specifically to see
how I technically achieved some of the
stuff that you see in that short vlog
you mentoree check out the timecode that
I will put somewhere on the screen right
now to see the technical aspect of it
but for now let's get into the creative
so overall with this vlog entry I really
wanted to give mr. hallease a voice if
he's been following the channel for a
while then you know that currently were
displaced and we're suing the seller I
think you all have gotten to see a
little bit of him talk about the
struggle of it but it's mostly been from
my point of view oh this video was born
out of a conversation out of many
conversations that mr. Hollis and I have
had about the house and our feelings
towards it one of the many conversations
that we were having as we were trying to
sort of you know be each other's
therapist if you will through this
process he was trying to describe to me
how frustrated he gets when family
friends co-workers ask about what's
going on knowing that they mean well but
for him it's basically this is for him
it's like having to relive the trauma it
feels like I'm you know stuck in the
ocean and I'm trying to swim but like
I'm being weighted down and of course as
his wife I was listening and trying to
comfort him as much as I possibly could
but I immediately mentally went to
visuals I immediately saw the shot that
I have of him floating trying to swim in
the ocean via the drone like I saw that
shot in my head as we're having that
conversation and so after the
conversation I quickly busted out my
little notebook I always keep a little
notebook and pen with me if lightning
strikes because I like to write things
down
rather than type them out on my phone so
that way I can have that kinetic
memorization and learning and it puts me
back into the moment later the weekend
that we were in Padre leading up to that
weekend we had already scheduled to go
do that it was actually us going to
Padre to celebrate our anniversary
together I said hey I have this idea
based on the ocean conversation we had
do you mind if I shoot just a little bit
and play around with this idea with you
I think it'll be a really cool film for
the channel so really visually it was
about taking his metaphor and just
running with it you know and showcasing
that idea as much as I could in a very
simplistic way I ended up recording him
saying everything after the fact we had
already had a few conversations again
about the initial conversation that this
idea was born out of we then went to
Padre I shot everything that I felt like
I needed to get to hopefully tell the
story well and then after we came back
to San Antonio I just grabbed my
microphone and sort of asked him to just
riff on that idea again I had taken
again I had taken a few notes in my
notebook and I showed this to him but I
more or less just let him talk for about
five minutes and then from that five
minutes I cut together what you end up
hearing as his voice over in the piece
now there are a few technical tips I can
give to this blog you mentary that I
think can help you on whatever kind of
content you're trying to create so let's
hop over to Premiere
first thing I used is actually in the
opening shot
I used warp stabilizers warp stabilizer
is a feature within Premiere Pro that
basically stabilizes your footage here
is the original version of that opening
shot and then here it is now with warp
stabilizer put on it huge difference
right warp stabilizer it's amazing
now if you've worked with any kind of
action cam you know that the audio on
most action cams is not that good
especially once you put them in their
water casing housing everything's gonna
sound a little muffled and or just
really loud and like blown out and just
like qicang all over the place I knew I
wouldn't take out high quality audio
recording equipment though to get the
sound of waves and things like that to
add into it later especially when you're
in post you know then you're trying to
get into the details of like stinking
wave sounds with wave visuals and it's
like nah I'm not we're not doing all
that we need to make the action cam
audio work okay so Premiere Pro has
started to add a little like tab
features built in based on what kind of
editing you're doing within the program
so I always go to the audio tab which
brings up the audio panel and something
I usually do to most of my background
music or if I have sort of ambient sound
like this that I want to include in a
piece click on the balanced background
music and what that does is it throws a
lot of different presets and natively
from premiere into the audio to bring it
down and drop it down so that way it
balances better with whatever dialogue
you may have
I don't know why but a glitch effect
just felt right you know my heart of
hearts I was like glitch effect needed
so this glitch effect is actually from
one of my favorite pre bot sets that I
got from
envato and I'll link to it in the
description box it's basically it's a
transitions pack that is full of tons of
transitions and this glitch effect was
one of the many transitions you can get
what I really love about this transition
pack though is all the transitions are
built into premiere already and
literally all I have to do is drag and
drop it over the two clips that I want
to have the transition I can adjust the
audio if I want to but I keep it pretty
simple I don't really mess with anything
else like I said I'll link to this
transition pack in the description box
below so yeah those are some technical
tips for how I shot and produced edited
wrote all the titles you want to give me
uh-huh
am i losing him if you enjoyed this
video let me know in the comments below
if you're new here subscribe if the
spirit moves you I'm Hollies and I'll
see you when I see you
