this little light of mine Veda that's a
wrap take one Wow guys it has been a
month of videos i have given you I've
given you everything I've left it all on
the field you know I'm saying it's hard
you know it was hard but uh worth it
definitely worth it I do feel good after
doing Veda I feel like it was worth it
I've gained a few subscribers hi new
people welcome hello hi and I have got
gotten a lot of great ideas now it
really did help me creatively with my
channel and it also just kind of you
know opened my mind to just I'm doing a
little bit too much I need to calm it
down just a little bit yeah and it's
kind of helped me to start thinking
about myself more as an artist which
I've kind of struggled to do you know
I've always been hesitant to say like I
make art but you look at some of my
vlogs and I'm definitely starting to
develop a style and especially in my
just kind of whatever vlogs I think they
look a little more cinematic and that
sort of thing I don't know let me know
in the comments below what you think
about that but yeah trying to be myself
and like what is myself like what is
that yeah this was really cool i would
say the highlight of veda for me this
year was creating the fitbit video
mostly because i know that just looks
straight up like an ad to y'all and that
really doesn't fit in with i think the
culture of YouTube content when
something is just so blatantly scenes
like an ad but I really did want to
approach that video from that point of
view just to show whoever may be
watching my videos that I can do it you
know that I can make that kind of
content for them I just really wanted to
challenge myself in relation to what I
actually do full time because making
videos like that is what I do in my
full-time work with big picture lab so
it was really cool you know I really did
shoot that video with the help of my
friend grace I shot that video edited
that video and put the graphics in for
that video
in a day and it didn't really even hit
me how intense that is actually until
like the next day or just like oh my
gosh I made that and I mean are there
things I would change about that video
sure they were definitely things I would
if I had more time and funding and blah
blah blah I would you know change things
about it but I was just really proud of
myself for just creating something that
looks that good with very little
resources so in the comments below let
me know which Veda video was your fav
and I have a sinking suspicion I feel
like I know which one everyone's going
to say but let me know in the comments
below and I'll be real cha i'm a piece
out on youtube for like a minute because
may is usually a busy month for my
full-time work so i will try it you know
I like I said I try to be once a month
once a week that's what I try to do with
the youtubes but I make no promises to
y'all I make no promises and and yeah
after Veda I am going to need a break
for real for oh yeah and you know
there's a lot of ways you can interact
with me online you know I do have
twitter at hollys you can talk to me on
there I'm bad about tweeting i usually
use my Twitter just to tweet shows tweet
about shows that i'm watching but i'm
trying to be better about actually being
on twitter and like engaging so um you
know at me on twitter and i'm also on
snapchat too and i'm open to anyone
following me and you can send me snaps
blah blah blah there's a few people that
i've never met in person that send me
snaps and I'm like I'm here for it
what's up no I mean don't be nasty don't
be seen to me like your tatas or nothing
but you know um send me snaps i'm here
for it and yeah it's been real it's been
fun and i will see y'all when I see
y'all
