we are getting to the end Thank You
chase huh take one of course my
battery's about to die lovely - so I'm
actually one of the rare Millennials I
think that hasn't experienced online
dating but I find it so fascinating and
so you know I feel like I kind of missed
out and the awesomeness and the
ridiculousness and the absurdity the
absurdity that is online dating you know
one of my friends will be called wamblam
I was like yo wamblam can I look at them
oh she was like sure I don't care you
know because she at this point she
doesn't really take it that seriously
and for me I was just like you just
carelessly are gonna hand me your phone
and let me choose a potential life
partner for you you're gonna let me
you're gonna endow me with the potential
to find the love of your life you're
just gonna throw the cards where they
may okay and I took this as a challenge
but I'm actively looking for wamblam
soulmate actively searching for the
future mr. rambling I gave every
candidate at least at least YouTube at
least ten minutes of my time before I
even really started into the app I asked
her
okay wamblam what do you think you're
looking for and so wamblam came to me
with a few specifics she was like you
know when blame is of the African
Diaspora and so she was like you know
I'm open to whoever but if they are not
of the African Diaspora then they need
to be like Olive they need to have some
olive undertones and then she said you
know they need to be a little swarthy
and I was like you know thinking about
mr. hallease he's got a tad of us worth
to him I get that and they've got and
they basically have to have that like
white ethnic minority look like you're
from the South of France I feel like I
know wamblam
relatively well you know and I'm enough
I'm far enough removed from her
emotionally that I can say like you know
this dude could be a good you know
compatibility
I was holding wamblam phone up to her
looking at the dude looking at her and
being like I could see this and then I'm
looking at the dudes profile okay you've
got like 50 characters to describe
self to me what you got and then I'm
looking at his profile picture and I'm
dissecting it and I'm saying hmm okay
was this a good day for him for his
profile picture though how much of the
profile picture is actually truly
accurate to the essence of who this man
is
and finally after that I would say okay
I like this guy and then I would swipe
whichever is that I like you way I think
it's to the right the hurt that I would
feel wamblam and him weren't a match
because he didn't swipe right as well
the hurt I would feel though but when
they were though who when they were oh
my gosh wamblam
you and his dude or a match oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh and then the thing
would be like send a message that we got
we have to we have to cuz this could be
the dude this could be your man I could
have just found the love of your life
I remember one dude he was of the
African Diaspora and I was I was really
feeling this dude double majored okay he
double majored in like German and some
crazy awesome computer science he thing
and I was like he could be wamblam
potential writer die and he was cute but
like not too cute you know he was just
right kind of cute
and I was like okay I got this I could
send this dude a message oh yeah and by
the way I showed him to wamblam and she
was like oh yeah I'm feeling I'm askew I
went on my phone I pulled out my phone
now I've got Wayne blams phone out I
pulled out my phone I was like okay how
do you say yo I think you're cute in
German bust it out with the beauty of
the interwebs and universal knowledge
and google translate
I learned that okay I did my research I
was like oh and I made sure you know I
proofread myself I was like okay is that
too flirty I don't want to come too
hardcore you know I wanted to reply back
I want this to be a thing and I did that
and hit Send and I was like it's in
God's hands now I did that I did that
for at least 10 dudes while we were
sitting there drinking cuz I was like yo
we've tried to find the next mr. wamblam
we're trying to get this stuff done we
gotta send you know send them out think
a couple like a week later I checked in
with wamblam I was like alright so you
know
has anyone answered yet I need answers
like you know what's going on and the
way she was just nonchalant like you
know one of them messaged me back and we
had talked for like a minute but mmm
that's all you have to say huh booth
really there's nothing else happened
y'all didn't y'all didn't like have a
combo something it hurt me I was rushed
a little bit like just a little bit
because it's just like how can you not
you'll match to though you know I don't
know how I feel about the online dating
thing I don't know how I feel about it
because here's the thing fam if I had
seen mr. hallease back when we were
dating when he didn't dress well you
know before he had a beard when he
really needed that haircut I would have
left whichever his swipe is the you
ain't swipe I would have done that
because on paper he didn't look good and
I wonder how much this instant
gratification of his online dating
stuffs and how we're just so easily like
just based on a photo and like max 100
characters about somebody it's like what
I felt I was giving everyone ramble and
was looking at I gave everyone at least
10 minutes at least 10 minutes and she
was like brah the majority of us on
these things aren't even we're just nope
nope nope nope nope you know I was just
like that fast how can you know that
fast I mean how many how many potential
soulmates have you swiped it to the I
don't really know I don't really believe
someone has to earn the right to be your
soulmate I don't believe it it's just
like an initial thing but how many
people how many potential life-altering
relationships have you swiped left and
you didn't even know about it you didn't
even know you didn't give up the time
I don't know anyway in the comments
below I don't know what to ask something
in the comments below let me know let me
know how you approach this online dating
thing you know are you giving people 10
minutes of your time with your left and
right swipes or are you just like you
basic and I will see you tomorrow
