Hey
can you hear me I mean I'm hoping you
can hear me as you're popping in say
hello awesome Thank You Asha appreciate
it
yeah as you're popping in say hello let
me know how you're doing where you're
coming from
all those good fun things whoa people
are popping it okay consciously coping I
think I recognize you from Twitter or
Instagram you you look familiar
hey from Houston Arkansas what's up cool
we got like Texas folks and thought to
be a Texas get-together awesome yes
Twitter okay I was right cool nice to
meet you digitally consciously coping
live New York awesome Detroit alberni
Albany can't speak weird awesome
well hello everyone I'll give it a
couple more minutes I was gonna do it I
get that grown folks have busy lives
that's a thing that happens
Oh Trey what what's good so yeah I just
wanted to do like a live Q&A essentially
if there's any questions you've been
wanting to ask me about like some of the
vlogs I've done recently I just put out
a vlog today featuring mr. hallease if
you haven't watched that go check it out
it's pretty short you can like literally
go check it out and then come back so
this livestream and you'll be fine but
yeah I just wanted to see if anyone
just wanted to talk about anything have
creative questions just like live Q&A I
try to be good about answering y'all in
the comments of videos I live for the
comments I love reading the comments on
the videos that I make so please keep
commenting but I know sometimes like I
don't you know answer you so I just
figured I would do this now and I also
like want to figure out when would be a
good time to do like live streams with
everybody possibly I like kind of
actually how belief does it where he
does a video on Monday to you on Monday
and then a live stream on Wednesday and
then a video again on Friday like I
don't know I'm just trying to figure
figure everything out so I'm gonna give
you all a couple more minutes to like
get situated
things like such as TF hello from Dallas
what's good hi say TV Miami I love Miami
I love it there Tijuana I hope I'm
saying that right hello from Baltimore
good morning Baltimore yeah I like
musicals although I haven't watched many
as of late I love your head wrap thank
you it's actually from Indonesia an
indigenous tribe in Indonesia how crazy
is that
yeah they were selling them while I was
in San Francisco so yeah okay dokie
let's see yeah any question enjoy have
hit me up in the or is it on this side
for y'all I don't know which eye resides
on for you hit me up where you give it a
bullet in life for like five minutes
right I know it takes a while to like
get people come in so mu Caribbean hi
what's with the side face shots in your
videos it seems to be a trend on YouTube
I don't care for it at all I love your
content though yeah I think people are
just trying to like look aloof you know
I guess I'm assuming you're talking
about like the thumbnails or whatever
yeah I think people just try and look
aloof it's a good way to look aloof and
to look like what's happening without
like making a stink face directly
through the camera I don't know we're
weird I don't know we youtubers get on
trends and then we just kind of we just
do it I don't know oh I saw you here in
San Antonio but I didn't want to bother
you
oh I saw you here in San say me but I
didn't want to bother you it would have
felt weird yeah it's okay you can say hi
I'll be totally nice about it
I really will I will be nice about it
say hi please Matt I've always enjoyed
editing videos when I was in high school
and have been wanting to get into
photography how do I get started doing
both of these things um how do you get
started doing both of things you just
start you know um you just work with can
you hear me on your mirror a little ooh
yeah um oh the side face shots are in my
videos oh oh that's probably just me
being conscious of myself while I'm
shooting myself that's me acknowledging
that I'm just nervous um oh you mean
like second angle oh I get idea what
you're talking about this side the
second angle shots are so it's not so
jumped Cuddy like I don't like having
jump cuts that much in my videos and so
I have a second angle to cover up the
cuts I'm making but anyway back to
Manda's point how do you get started you
just get started you find any kind of
camera you can find and you just start
that's literally it even if it's just
using your phone you just start and you
will suck for a little while and that's
okay it's good to suck because that's
how you grow quickly yeah you just got
to just go for
literally another note about the chat
this is like the most of it people have
ever had in the chat so if I don't
answer your question it's because I
didn't see it
so just put it again and I will get to
it okay I feel like I'm struggling to
put out content because I'm overly
critical I want what I produce to be
aesthetically pleasing could you relate
or have any tips yes I can relate to
both of those things say TV am I saying
that right say sey TV um I hope I'm
saying that right yeah I think I can
definitely relate to that it's hard to
not be very critical of yourself but I
think at the again kind of relating to
what Amanda was asking the best thing
you can do is start a lot of the videos
I put out are never actually for me
truly finished because there's always
more you can do there's always like more
graphics you can add or there's always
like you know you can tighten up a cut
that much or you can add some more sound
effects or you can reshoot a spot so
it's better lighting and the most ideal
setup you know ever or whatever but at
the end of the day if you kept doing
that then you would never produce
anything and you have to just like put
it out there you know and recognize that
it'll just be scrutinized for what it is
and you just got to go for it man like
that is that is really the big thing put
yourself on a schedule some of the most
creative breakthroughs I have had where
because I dredged through a schedule for
myself that's why Veda is so popular we
if you don't know what Veda is this vlog
every day in April it's when a lot of
content creators were all like put out a
video every single day and it's an
attempt to put themselves on a schedule
and to force themselves to just keep
going dredging through it so that way
they end up hitting a kind of creative
breakthrough so yeah
get back in here
how are you friend I am I'm doing good
you doing good
rough weeks but I'm here I'm out sure
you know I mean hello from Florida thank
you hi
woo a live stream I know right I'm crazy
do you and your husband plan on having
any children in the future
no not really not at all I want to start
a channel and I'm wondering if I have to
contact YouTube or just start in order
to get paid for it
um so I think YouTube start it so I
remember when this happened in a lot of
smaller smaller channels I still
consider myself a small Channel but a
lot of smaller channels are pretty upset
by it in that you don't start making
money which just so you all know none of
us really make money you don't start
making money until you hit like a
thousand subscribers or a certain like
watch time number and yeah that's like a
thing now but if you just want to start
a YouTube channel you can you just again
you just start you have your account and
you hit that upload button in the top
corner and you do it and that's it
you have a YouTube channel now which is
great because it's very accessible
that's what draws a lot of different
people to YouTube is how accessible it
is and easy to get started let me read I
don't know how people do I'll watch
other people do live streams and they're
just like staying right you know not
breaking eye contact and I can't cuz I
gotta edit myself man do you have advice
for
one who is considering being a video
producer or editor but isn't really
trying to go to school for it bruh
that's actually I would say that's
actually the better way to go about it
maybe yeah
the advice I would say is start getting
on sets now I'm not sure where you live
oh good lord
didn't know Damilola I'm sorry if I said
your name wrong I'm sorry um I'm not
sure where you live but as the soonest
you can like start to get on sets and
just be a PA so you're just maybe you're
just getting coffee or you're just like
moving gear around I figured I found out
like I learned the best when I was just
on sets or working in production studios
or whatever it was just have grant
yourself as much access as you possibly
can within your means another thing you
can do is most cities will have a Film
Commission and on there is usually
listed all the different production
companies that are in town and all the
different like producers that are in
town and editors that are in town and
stuff like that so reaching out to them
and being like I just want to learn you
know I'm up I'm a blank canvas I'm full
of potential you know you'd be surprised
how many producers need just someone
like an extra body you know so yeah if
you're not trying to go to school for it
start getting on sets start being just
you know in it as much as you can be
since you're not going to be going to
school for it because essentially with
school you're essentially just paying to
have access to be in it and like taking
some tests you know that's really what
schools for film school anyway I love it
saying that special sure thank you
jalisa thank you for your comment those
nice close enough I'm in New York City
all right I'm sorry I I have a hard name
to use away I'm sorry
Oh Briana how is your beautiful godson
he's good
Cedric is good he's one and a half won
us a change I don't know I'm not like
these parents 1819 months whatever I
don't know but he's good
buta he's starting to learn words do you
have any tips on finding clothes to work
in that are fashionable functional and
professional as a female filmmaker that
can be a struggle for me sometimes but
um so I recently discovered a yuna glow
I love that you should definitely check
out Yuna glow because they have just
sort of like really modern but like
modest kind of fashion that's kind of
functional and things like that you need
glows great and Uniqlo is pretty
affordable I would say too
j.crew I wear a lot of Jake Roo when I'm
like trying to be a video producer but
like I'm producing for tech you know I'm
producing for like corporate adjacent if
you will I'll end up wearing a lot of
j.crew style stuff so it's kind of got
that prep to it but it still leans into
business casual but still functional and
then Jake was really good about their
silhouettes and not having you know
noticeable labels and things like that
again so I really lean towards j.crew
and you know glow now that would be my
biggest recommendation next question do
you think Instagram will surpass or
catch up to YouTube with their I GTV oh
no you know I did a poll on Instagram
asking like hey what should I post on IG
TV if I start I GTV because I do like
the idea of thinking vertically for
video I do like the idea of thinking
vertically for video
because it does make you completely
change cinematically how you shoot like
a lot and so I like that idea of that
challenge of like how can I tell a
cohesive story vertically you know with
my camera with the better technology
that we have but from what I've noticed
on our GTV most people are just kind of
reshaping their content from here onto
IG TV and not really doing like IG TV
specific content I think I've seen like
mkbhd is doing a little more like quick
vlog II kind of stuff but it's still
very nicely shot nicely produced in that
IG TV format but most people are just
regurgitating stuff so it's kind of like
why would I regurgitate I'll just y'all
just come here you know which oh if you
don't follow me on instagram please do
at Holly's Beast I'm trying to get to
that 10k so I can have a swipe up
feature gonna go ahead and shamelessly
plug myself for a minute I want that
swipe up future man I love video editing
but I hate adobe final Adobe Final Cut
Pro well adobe is not Final Cut Pro
Final Cut Pro is Apple I don't know if
that's a typo any other software
suggestion that may be easier to use and
navigate but also have a great product
so I don't know which one you actually
use but I use Adobe Creative Cloud so I
use Adobe Premiere which I would say
basically has become the industry
standard if not adjacent to the standard
and I really like it because Adobe has a
whole ecosystem of products Photoshop
Lightroom premiere After Effects for
graphics like they really have
integrated a lot of different products
that just a lot of different people use
now so I really feel like if you are on
Final Cut Pro and you don't like it then
I would suggest Adobe but Final Cut pros
interface is probably actually easier to
understand then Adobe Premiere to be
quite honest so Final Cut Pro may be
your best bet if if you feel like Final
Cut Pro is too difficult
Adobe probably won't help you so yeah
Linnea sorry I'm late to the party but
that's okay you're here though hi I
often find myself riddled with
self-doubt and I'm goober critical of
myself a to the point of sabotage do you
have any tips for destroying those bad
habits man just that is so tough huh let
me meditate on that for a minute tips
for destroying those bad habits
self-doubt I don't know I mean I guess
so something my no good lord um
something so something my something my
my last boss said to me that I really
appreciated right before I went
freelance was do not doubt yourself
because people out here are going to be
doing just what you're doing and not
doing it as well and getting paid for it
so don't doubt yourself just do it you
know and I think that is like something
you should think about is that you are
just as good probably as someone else
out here who has unapologetically yet
just out here right and then they're
gonna get the opportunity that you could
have had if you just put yourself out
there so just I think I think just think
about it that way like you just got to
be out here man you know
hey Joe hazley awesome channel hey guys
how you doing hi Joe okay
words that I need
I tried the Neutrogena anti residue
shampoo that's awesome I'm glad it
worked for you it's radish time hey how
are you girl hi um if y'all don't know
it's radish I'm check her out man
she's so neat her channel's awesome how
do I think that will yeah that's right
as time oh wait now it's trying to do it
how do I like let them know who you are
it's radish time how do I do that
oh no no no anyway check out it's radish
time her channel is cool um oh I got oh
oh Thank You Brianna that's very nice of
you thank you um just lock to comb coils
yesterday any advice ah I just locked
comb coils yesterday any advice for the
first month uh I'm not really just do
you man congratulations on your locks
though my favorite video is the one from
online dating that was like a year ago
or two oh god that was like two years
ago
wow you may roll with me for a minute
you have been wrong with me for so long
rivers read setting hey girl thanks for
sharing about your life and work can you
share a bit about why you started your
channel what motivated you have you met
someone who you thought had bad reasons
for starting shade so why I started my
channel I started off on YouTube as a
consumer so if you look at my channel
let's say I started in 2009 but I didn't
I was just watching in 2009 and I think
I posted like a picture of like a video
of like my guinea pig running around my
dorm room or something like but I got on
youtube for hair I had my first set of
locks in 2008 and I was in college and
that was back when like nobody really
had locks and so I was on YouTube purely
for the black female community around
hair care and then through that I slowly
kind of sort of began putting up my own
hair journey ish kind of when I felt
like the spirit moved me and all the
while I was going to film school and
doing that so I was focusing all of that
but then there just came a point what
motivated me was I started noticing how
people like travel influencers and stuff
like that were on the platform and like
starting to get like funding to like
travel a lot or start it I just started
seeing how YouTube creators were like
building a living off of the platform
and that got me really excited so I was
my husband and I and I think I started I
finally started posting like
consistently in 2015 because my husband
and I went to Ireland on a vacation and
I thought oh I should film this so that
way like maybe I could be a travel
influencer not realising that you have
to like work your ass off to do that so
I went to Ireland I did all of those I
did those videos and after that I just
really liked it and so I just tried to
keep consistently every so a couple of
days post something
and from there I was still working full
time and all of that and so yeah it was
mostly just it was mostly just me
wanting to have a creative outlet for
trying different video ideas that I
would then relay back to my full-time
job at the time being a video producer
for a video agency because YouTube was
like a free way to just test things out
and like try new shooting styles and
experiment and it just kind of kept
growing to this kind of precipice that
has been this year which is getting
creators for change and a couple other
things kind of came through it came to
the point where I was like I had to make
a decision of oh don't want to stay at
my full-time job or you know give this a
go you know and so I decided to give it
a go
but it's been just like a quick overview
of it but what really motivated
motivated me was the idea of creating
things that I actually want to create
like all the time
I really do gain a lot of like
therapeutic release from creating these
videos and putting it out there and
hearing what y'all think about it
seeing how y'all interpret the art you
know and then I also gained a lot from
helping like helping you all whether it
be with tutorials or reviews of products
and things like that I really love
enabling people to make their own
informed decision like with the women's
health videos so yeah I just really love
the community and I you know that's like
why I'm out here is just to hang out
with y'all as much as I can and make art
you know that's the life I'm trying to
live have I met someone who I thought
had bad reasons for starting no actually
no most of people I've met that are also
creators started four variations of the
same reason that I did creative outlet
like the community wanted to talk about
their interests online with a lot of
different people storytellers
or like cinematographers videographers
as well so yeah none of them ever were
blatantly someone I think actually I
think Josie said that she wanted to get
free wigs she's like I want to get free
wigs so she started off doing here but
that's a good reason to lean you want
free stuff
sure oh it's radish time has a question
how do you deal with feeling burnt out
creatively what keeps the ideas flowing
and refresh yeah when I'm burnt out
creatively then I fall back on another
bucket of the kind of content I produce
so right now I'm in like this creative
high with the vlogs and I've been doing
all these creative blogs and stuff on
it's it's funny how much struggle ends
up being a an interesting creative
motivator for a vlog you know but yeah
whenever I whenever the vlogs aren't
really coming to me then I usually fall
back on another bucket like a tutorial
or just talking to y'all about what's
going on just checking in with y'all
when I'm feeling burnt out creatively
though if I I'll try to take a break
from YouTube for a while and then I'll
just like go take photos with know like
intention of marketing it or building
something from it
another thing I do is I go to a lot of
art shows I try to go to museums a lot
and just see different forms of art you
know because a lot of times I'll pull
inspiration cinematically from paintings
from sculpture from architecture and
design like I think a big thing that
people in general should do is like the
arts do matter like go see other works
of art not with the intention of like
selling it or figuring out how to
monetize it but just with the intention
of absorbing it like I usually just try
to go and absorb a lot of different
things and a lot of different
experiences within reason and of course
when you've got the funds to do it
and I watch a lot of other creators - I
only watch a few creators that inspire
me so like Evelyn belief in fatherhood
he inspires me a lot because yeah his
blogs - were also like becoming even
more and more cinematic so yeah where
did you get your intro music it's a
secret I can't tell y'all everything cuz
then y'all gonna use my song now but I
get most to music from audiojungle so it
is a song from audiojungle but I will
not tell you which one have you ever
been to Scotland no but I would love to
go Canadian dude here probably not your
target audience but hey hey what's up I
mean anybody you know what's good i
watch your bak out a good video at least
once every month Wow
Oh every other month thanks for your
inspiration you're welcome I'm glad you
enjoyed it
that's a good idea someone told me
output problems our input problems yeah
that's true that's true
ah this is a good one yes this is an
assumption but you probably get tired of
people asking you about when you're
going to have children how do you
respond without yelling bruh that is a
hard call yeah um with prayer you know
I'm saying I think you you end up
hitting a plateau so I've been married
mr. Allison I've been married for seven
years now together for like eight nine
Oh No
we've been in it together a minute so
you know I think after like year five
people kind of stopped asking because
then they start to Teeter on wondering
like oh is he like are they having
problem you know or whatever and then
and it's like yeah you should have been
thinking that to begin with like you
don't know what people are going through
so yeah but I think I'm just really
snarky at this point you know people
will ask when we're having kids and I'm
just like when you give me thirty two
thousand dollars to cover the cost of
birthing a child vaginally in a hospital
then we'll have that child look just be
snarky
you know oh
red setting how do you make money from
us watching should I stop pressing skip
on the ads before videos yes so yeah so
that's a great question though yeah the
way I make money off of the videos is
y'all sitting through the ad at the
beginning that's like the main way that
most youtubers oh no that's like the way
that like the advertise that's how the
advertising works is yes you sit through
the ad don't stick the ad we get more
when that happens um and then also
that's the reason why youtubers tell you
to like if the thumbs up is going up
that lets the algorithm know that like
the thumbnail the description everything
about this video is working and it's the
video is getting in front of the right
eyes and so it'll boost it that much
more so that's why everyone tells you to
sum up videos and share videos comments
engage with the video even if it's just
saying like I liked it like engage with
the video another way youtubers make
money is merch
so under most of my videos now you'll
see my merch line which is might be a
chaotic good shirt purchasing a shirt is
a great or purchasing a youtubers merch
and general helps and then another way
that youtubers make money is sponsored
videos so recently I did a video with
nur X which is a birth control app and
that was a sponsored video but it worked
out because I like talking about women's
health topics anyway and I always want
women to be emboldened to make their own
health decisions so that was like a
really great alignment of a sponsored
video but yeah or like the ads everybody
get sponsored by Squarespace see
Squarespace ads all the time and videos
people saying this but I do sports and
birth scores but you know that's great
for Auto audio book audio jungle or no
audio audio books whatever the one for
Amazon is you know that kind of stuff
that's how youtubers make money it's a
lot of different like mini buckets oh
and then affiliate links so like a lot
of y'all asked me where my gear or like
what kind of gear I'm using and things
like
if you go into the comments or go into
the description box and click that link
it's an affiliate link usually to Amazon
and I get a commission on if you buy it
and so for me again what the integrity
bit I am letting you know that it's an
affiliate link but then also I usually
only put products for affiliate links
that I truly use and enjoy so that's
another way I make a small Commission
but it's all like little nuggets you
know I'm I'm a little person sorry I'm
being quiet because I'm reading oh hey
Tony this is a chat that's okay that's
why I just wanted to go live with
everybody it's like oh I should try
being live with everybody you know oh I
don't see the ads because if YouTube
read do you still get money I do I do
yeah yeah if you're on YouTube red and
you're watching my stuff then I get like
a bit of that it's I think I usually get
like $2 like it for the month thank you
to bread or something like that I don't
know audible that's what it is y'all see
oh no y'all know I'm late to the
livestream how do you like living and
working in San Antonio I've heard it's
beautiful and I want to visit I like her
pretty well I was born and raised here
so you know it's like coming home but I
do I do like it pretty well and if you
can live like downtown that's like the
best yeah I want to get I want to get
back to being in the downtown area for
sure but it is very beautiful downtown
you should definitely come visit
your mom yeah that was a good one I like
down to for those of y'all that are just
not coming in this is basically a live
Q&A about any videos or anything you
want to ask
preferably classy about the vlogs or any
videos I've done as of late and yeah you
know we're just going to chill for a
little while yeah so that's what's going
on what is the next idea for your
merchandise I don't know the channel
really is my life so I didn't even
really think too like merchandising
chaotic good until like way later so I
have I don't I don't know I mean would
y'all buy I don't know maybe hats I
don't know do I do live chats on video
I'm not a big enough channel to do that
I know there's like a premiere setting
you can premiere a video on YouTube now
but you got to be a somebody to do that
so no okay sorry when I when I get big
when I become that big big person you
know then I'll be able to do that also
nearly locked here can you share more a
bit more about your washday I love that
video I'm sure I mean my watch is pretty
straightforward I shampoo my hair twice
every time I wash my hair because I work
out a lot and I wash my hair like twice
a week minimum I don't know how I'll be
going like a month without washing your
locs like I don't how do you do it fan
how um yeah
I shampoo my hair twice I've actually
started to get into spray leave-in
conditioners just to help with that
though cuz shampoo can be kind of drying
and it's working out pretty well and
then every couple of months I do a deep
clarifying clean like apple cider
vinegar baking soda so kind of situation
to make sure I don't have any buildup
and that's pretty much my regimen you
know I'm saying you don't see a lot of
LOC videos because I'm not really like
trying to be like no it person like a
guru for the LOC community I feel like
there's enough of those already there's
a lot of great people out here talking
about locs already um let me see what
are y'all saying what are y'all saying
what do ya'll say umm are you going to
do another video with Evelyn from the
Internet's I mean God willing you know
I'm saying there's some things in the
works
y'all feel me that we trying to get off
the ground
maybe's kind of sort of read between the
lines on that um so you know good vibes
prayers on that because if it jumps off
it'll be amazing if it jumps off it'll
be like so cool like it'll be so awesome
if what we end up wanting to do jumps
off for real okay so yes hopefully you
know we're just gonna speak this into
existence in Jesus name Amen
yes Evelyn and I are going to do some
stuff together and it's gonna be great
still GW how do you keep your
relationships with family and friends
strong through the tough times
yeah so that's actually another video
that I'm thinking about making because
something I have noticed about myself
especially with the house situation in
general is how introverted I am a
natural how much time I really do need
to myself like away from everyone except
for mr. hallease you know like at a
certain point your spouse becomes like
extension of yourself so even when
you're with them you still feel like
comfort in your alone time even though
y'all are both in the same space you
know so because of that because I don't
have the alone time anymore to like
recharge
I do feel myself get very easily
flustered by my family and my friends
I'm not there as much emotionally as I
used to
it's very frustrating just because I'm a
Mac sort of a I'm at a deficit I'm at a
an energy deficit you know which is
unfortunate and so I have noticed that
about myself and I want to figure out a
way to tell that side of it too for sure
the biggest thing is we leave a lot mr.
Hollis and I we have been doing a lot of
staycations like every other month like
we'll just stay downtown or we'll just
stay in an air B&B like just we just get
away because we're both very introverted
people and we just really need that time
to ourselves alone to like decompress so
that way we have the energy and we have
like our own emotional support together
so that way we then can be present and
available and part of our greater
families so yeah I want to figure out
that is like a vlog I'm like consciously
trying to figure out how do I tell that
story
because it has come to a head a few
times with friends where they're like
you know you just seem kind of cold and
it's like yeah you're not wrong okay I
will probably be cold until this is over
you know so yeah hi
sorry I feel so bad that I have to like
be quiet and like read hello Randy I
think ice Landy like windy boat Randy hi
have you ever had a relaxer or some type
of chemical in your hair yeah I had
perms from middle school all the way
until high school until junior year of
high school and then I started growing
them out growing the perm out so I could
cut him off and get locks oh oh yeah not
sponsored but you know we're out here
your videos inspire me awesome
thank you I love it
a good time to read what we write well I
just don't want you to have to repeat
yourself you know I mean which by the
way yeah once again if you type a
question here and I don't see it um
type it again and I'm sorry yeah what do
you feel when you drink Starbucks
I feel capitalism at its finest that's
what I feel yeah I know what you're
talking about it sucks but when you have
something sucking the life out of you
you hope that your loved ones will be
patient with you and they are that's
true and they are I definitely notice my
sister my mom and dad I definitely know
like especially my parents I know
sometimes I'm like you know a little
like snappy and they just kind of roll
it off you know they're just kind of
like cuz I mean you know black parents
are you know if you come out in the
wrong way you easily get popped but they
have a lot of patience for me with me
and I really yeah it's been they are a
blessing you know family is amazing I
think every black girl went through the
same journey with their her hair I think
yes I think every black woman yeah
that's probably in their late to early
30s and up has more or less probably
gone through the same journey I've
noticed that but now I'm noticing that
the young black women that are in their
20s like I've grown up with natural hair
and it's like mind-blowing it's like the
craziest like wow you've never that's
like it's beautiful you know what I mean
well I'm starting to drink I love that
I'll be so interested to see you like
how that generation like that generation
after us run with natural hair you know
serious capitalism at work yes
okey-dokey I feel like did I answer all
the questions I feel like I did I'm
scrolling back up how old are you I'm 28
see I missed that one I missed it
yes I am 28 years old
28 do I know pew die die if you opt PI
um yes he's like a gamer he said things
that people didn't I don't really mean I
know this I'm trying to
natural hair looks good but it is so
hard to maintain yeah that's why I got
locs man that's why I went on that
freeform during life for sure oh I'm
late but have you confirmed the schedule
for uploads no I have not
so thank you actually thank you for that
I spy whoo what a fun name um thank you
for that so I'm trying to figure out an
upload schedule that will work for
everyone me included so like I want to
upload two videos a week but I'm trying
to figure out when the best day is to do
that is this last video I did Wednesday
randomly cuz most of my videos I try to
upload during the weekend it did really
well y'all like we're happy that
something was happening during the week
so is that something I should do like
you know however what what should I be
doing like how should I do this I really
I said this is the beginning of the
livestream but I'm actually really like
belief schedule which is like he uploads
on Monday he has a livestream on
Wednesday and then he uploads again on
Friday so it's actually are getting
three videos like a three moments of him
a week but I also like the idea of
uploading something over the weekend but
I mean just like I don't know you know
I've been trying to put poles out there
you know I'm saying how people feel
going by the analytics supposedly you
all watch me more on the weekend but you
know I'm willing to do a trial version
you know like I don't know in the
comments below
when should I upload and would you like
a weekly livestream like this from me
let me know that as well if you're
watching this after the fact our live
streams worth it
should I be live more if you're a
patreon producer you already get me live
once a month but should I be doing this
I don't know um let's go back to the
check you trial plan on traveling
time soon I love your travel vlogs so
much thank you
um yes I think I'm supposed to be going
to New York in a little bit actually so
if that happens then I will hopefully
vlog that and that'll be cool that's
like the main thing is I'll be going to
New York and it'll be real quick it's a
quick in-and-out kind of situation so
that should be fun but again this is
kind of like tying into like what I was
saying we don't just like speak out you
know in Jesus name Amen
that things happen with Evelyn if things
happen yes could you give any tips on
speaking confidently when you're in an
uncomfortable environment you are so
well-spoken oh man um I think I did a
video for when I was acting like I was
gonna go do Veda this year and then I
didn't I'm trash oh I did a video during
Veda called how I channel confidence and
creativity and it's kind of like a
spoken word thing or whatever and what I
do is my yelling I feel like I'm yelling
because it seems when my ears start but
what I do is I basically watch white
people white men actually because they
they always seems like cheese to me when
I think of like blind confidence I think
of white men so I make sure to watch
white men and it's like method acting I
imitate them okay that's what I do it's
probably not the best thing but it seems
to be working
I don't know I don't know
where'd it like hid your comment for no
reason it wasn't weird comment at all
yes okay still GW I certainly like some
videos over the weekend as there's
generally a lack of content on the
weekend oh really
at least in my sub feet okay okay okay
so I'm you know I mean I just Saturdays
feel like a good day to have a video go
up I don't know why but Saturdays feel
good you know what helps you maintain
and be consistent on this chaotic good
journey I feel like I've started and
stopped them anything three don't to
have a box unfinished things want to
look that um crying's that's my most
immediate thing I had a moment around
that age actually I hit I say that like
I'm so old and pointy but it I hit a
moment where I realized like oh and I'm
still currently realizing this to you
that I am one person with a finite level
of energy and a finite time like amount
of time just in life in a week in a day
time it is fun night so I realized some
of the dreams that I have should not be
a priority or maybe some of those dreams
can be a lot easier for me to obtain
once I achieve this dream so it's like
prioritize your dreams and I would say
like with the be a chaotic good thing
you know my whole thing was like I would
used to do like a resolutions of like 10
things 15 things and a year I wanted to
get done and with the whole be a chaotic
good thing I was like that needs to stop
I want one thing this year just one
thing and I let that one semi-abstract
thing dictate how I got to like the
certain things to achieve so I would say
prioritize your dreams
what's the like what's the one one to
five maybe I like I like member uncool I
like lists what's the top five things
you want to get done this month or this
year or this quarter I don't know every
live it however you live your life you
know
do you feel pressure or compare yourself
to other people your age and their
accomplishments yes definitely all the
time I feel like I'm trash do you have
another job um Lulu yes ish
so I make stuff here on YouTube and I am
also hireable so you can hire me as a
videographer as a video producer as an
editor as a photographer but I don't
photography's like for me like I like
that to be from me but for friends and
close family I'll do some portraits for
him if they need it you know but yeah
you can then hire me to create videos
for your company for your entity for
your website for your Instagram whatever
it is so yeah I am hireable in that way
as well and a lot of people hired me
actually because they see what I do on
here any advice for a twenty-something
year old someone feeling lost in their
life I think it's fine that you feel
lost to be quite honest I think that
means that you're paying attention to
your life I don't think it's weird that
you feel lost at twenty-something so my
advice is it's okay to be lost that's
normal expose yourself to as much as you
can within the means that you have and
hopefully something will stick but I
believe in you you should teach public
speaking or communications I went to a
public speaking high school I went to a
communications focused High School they
made us speak all the time
Sundance I don't make the right kind of
things to get into that okay Bianca I
don't know about Bianca she's a writer
and she's awesome - you
check her out Bianca Brown do you have
issues with procrastination yes I am
actually out of phase in my life where
I'm starting to have to actually learn
to like fit that into the timeline fit
procrastination into the schedule
because I'm realizing that it's not
actually procrastination that I'm doing
it's me like molding an idea over in the
back of my mind it's me like letting an
idea simmer in the back because
something I've realized is like
especially with artistic stuff like
cinematic arts see like the vlogs that I
do it's not like before when I used to
work in video agencyland where the
content itself was very straight forward
and you can kind of turn it out you know
in a week I could help a company put out
like five videos ten videos a variety of
things because the content and the work
just kind of lent itself to that with
YouTube though especially with the vlogs
like it's it's a different kind of beast
you can't just try to turn and it just
be there you have to let yourself get
bored things go to the back of your mind
and then they come back up when you
least expect it and you're like I know
exactly how to edit all this footage I
just shot last week now you know so I'm
learning to build in procrastination and
again that ties back into exposing
myself to a lot of art exposing myself
to a lot of experiences that I within
the means that I have to do that as much
as I can
since you're right now freelance do you
ever regret not going freelance earlier
in your career yes and no um yes because
I you know it's hard to not think of
like well man what could have happened
if I had done this like by now would I
already be hopefully where I'll be by
next year like something like that you
know but at the same time similar to the
last video I did about Kairos like
everything happens in the right time or
in the most opportune time a divine time
I feel like I went freelance when in the
Devine time it was right in that time to
do it so yeah how do you feel about
cannabis what a question
and is it in the industry is it common
I've been hearing about micro dosing in
the new wave of entrepreneurs creatives
and startup people um I'm not a fan of
cannabis for personal consumption I
understand the medical side of it and
appreciate that but as far as me
personally I'm not really I'm not saying
nothing yeah it is common though yes in
industry in my industry adjacent yes it
is quite common yeah my procrastination
is processing ideas but it's like having
the patience with yourself to do that
there will be times where I'm trying to
push out and edit and I'm just like
really really trying but I can't focus
I'm scrolling Instagram and doing like
all these other things and I'm having to
like realize like oh I just need to not
do anything for the day today and you
know it's procrastination though why did
you start your LOC journey because I had
loose natural hair and I didn't like
that I was I kept trying to have my hair
go to this sort of I sort of just hoping
that my hair be healthy and all that I
kept on trying to make it into and like
an aesthetically pleasing version of
what natural hair is rather than just
letting my hair be what it is super
kinky coily so I went back to locs I've
had a second a first set of blocks and I
went back after I shaved my head
do you have any advice for someone
expanding into video from a photo
background how do you visualize a still
image versus a video yeah so with a
photo it's a moment you're trying to
tell a moment in a single snapshot in
the video it is a continuous moving
moment so yeah you're gonna approach
photography completely different from
videography I would say if you started
off in photo think about how you can hmm
maybe it's make videos around your photo
taking process and see if that helps you
get into starting to think visually
about how to shoot video versus photos
and see if that works
because when you're in film school Aaron
when you're in film school they teach
you how to shoot video by making you
take still photos first so you're on the
right track just so you know like you're
doing what the professionals do you know
any of that patience with myself it's
hard it's very hard
okay that's good to know
well I hope you can stay sober that is
difficult I'm looking sorry I'm looking
back through the chat all posting a
simple prayer self for this out this
person
mmm um do you have any favorite film
critic movie review YouTube channels or
channels that of that nature um no
actually
so something now that I am a
professional in this or whatever I don't
really watch a lot of movies anymore
yeah I think the last movie I saw was
infinity war yeah I don't watch a lot of
movies anymore like now that I am a
creator of content I don't I don't
consume a lot of content I used to like
ether and Robert a lot though
well products to use on your skin
there's a get unready with me video that
I did last week everything's in the
description box
about to show how uncool I am and say I
don't know who any of those people are I
am a dirty computer me I just saw
kylieqq Algren slash Jordan's seer let's
talk about Sherman's march and just um I
don't know any of those folks are but
they sound credible maybe I don't know
do you have any favorites actresses
singers famous
um I'm gonna go there ISA ray answer on
that and say everybody black alright
so okay we have hit an hour and I feel
like we are wrapping up this live chat
or this live stream are you watching
insecure I don't have HBO
I caught it randomly while I was in San
Francisco because the hotel I was in had
HBO and from what I saw I was like wow I
love how this show is doing but I have
read review and then I see scenes with
the lighting I feel like the show is lit
like so well for everybody that's melon
ated so I watched scenes to get like
ideas for lighting myself you know what
would I ever consider writing or
producing my own full-length film I
don't know man because I feel like the
real world is wild enough you know a lot
of the content I create is based on real
life I don't feel like I need to make up
anything I just got a film what's out
here yeah and that's it um yeah this
yeah I don't have cable at all yeah I
didn't have cable for a while either
yeah it was great um how has it been
using a menstrual cup so far I stopped
after two years it was difficult and
stressful to be honest man did it then
yeah then it's not for you homie for
real um I love it I love it I will
probably never go back
anything else I love it Oh
Brazil hi please confirm your make
realize thump okay I will oh thank you
guys bye alright yeah so I'm gonna
bounce
thank you very much for coming to this
live stream if you're watching this
after the fact let me know a few things
when you think I should upload videos if
you enjoyed this livestream when would
you like me to possibly maybe keep doing
them for everybody I do them for the
patreon producers once a month privately
so if you're interested in that
patreon.com slash police but yeah I hope
y'all have a great Saturday and I will
see you when I see you bye
