I do not make my lighting today like at
all what the hell
wait a day 20 take one so I was catching
up on Evelyn's Vedas always a joy and a
pleasure watching her videos and she was
talking about ghosts and that actually
reminded me of a crazy weird ghost like
but not a ghost me as a medium story but
my family is friends with a local farmer
in San Antonio and I've actually
featured him in a farming series that I
did with big picture lab I'll link to it
in the eye of Ron and his late wife
passed away many years ago when I was I
want to say in middle school maybe I
would go to his farm when I was a kid
and he raised his cattle and I would
just hang out with him and the cattle
and just just be outside just be in
nature you know agriculture and so it
was nice to spend time with them every
time I would go there with my father I
would always you know say hi to his wife
and be like hi you know and but it was
more about just being outside you know
I'm not I'm not trying to be indoors you
know I came here to get outside you know
and just feel free with the acreage but
apparently and I say apparently because
I don't remember any of this every now
and then I would say to my dad hey can
we go to the farm I want to see the cows
blah blah and I'd be very nonchalant
with that wasn't like pushy about it you
know I just Mike can we go but for a
while I started being really pushy about
it and it struck my dad as odd cuz that
is very out of place of me to be that
forthright about something so minute so
my noot you know and so finally uh my
mom pulled my data sides like why is she
so intense about this farm thing let's
just take her you know like I don't
remember going at all but apparently
according to my father when I went I
didn't play outside the entire time
I stayed inside the whole time and
talked to his wife for my dad said I
talked to her for about 30 to 45 minutes
or so and then he said I came back he
was outside talking to the farmer while
I was inside time to his wife he said I
came back outside and it was like okay
I'm ready
and that was it and then we came back
home and then a few days later she
passed away after that my father brought
up the fact that we had gone and he asks
like what did y'all talk about and I was
like what are you talking about when we
went to the farm to see them what a job
what did you talk to his wife about and
I was like what are you talking about
when did we go to the farm and to this
day I swear I do not remember going I
don't remember talking to her I don't I
don't remember getting in the car I
don't even remember actually bothering
my dad to go take from that which you
will and I'll see you tomorrow
