Veda day eight take two sorry that this
video is technically up a day late but
I'm here and I'm doing it deal with it
guys just deal with it I watched Thomas
Frank on youtube if you don't know who
he is I'll link to his channel in the
eye of sauron but he's a cool guy that
talks about how you can be essentially
tips and tricks on how to be the most
productive person you can be you know
since apparently I'm a textbook Virgo um
I love those types of videos and about
two weeks ago he threw out a video
talking about accountability and why you
shouldn't necessarily say and proclaim
out loud what your goals are because it
can actually hinder you in the long run
you know I have a lot of goals I have a
lot of things and trying to focus on as
you all know from the previous Veda I'm
trying to cut back on some of those
things so that way i can actually like
really pursue just a few so I realized
myself hmmm ok if you don't have someone
that's helping you out maybe it doesn't
get done right there are a few goals
that I have that y'all actually don't
really know about at all that I won't
tell you about because they don't want
to profess them and get them not
happening but there are a few goals that
I actually do want to accomplish
production-wise actually and for this
channel and so I'm thinking hmm police
maybe you should make it yourself an
accountability group so that's what I'm
going to do I have a few colleagues of
mine friends from previous business from
previous jobs and just just friends in
general of mine and I'm going to try to
create an accountability group over the
four of us and basically we'll meet once
a month probably for like a happy hour
or something and discuss the plans we
have for that month to get towards our
overall goal of whatever that is right
and then once a week we will probably
meet on Facebook have just like a
Facebook group or something and discuss
how things are going eats each week so
that's what I'm going to do in the
comments below let me know how would you
stay productive you know how do you
figure out ways to keep your goals
moving for are you just really super
disciplined
once you decide to do something you just
do it or do you have have you kind of
figured out a way to work in some kind
of accountability into your goal life
productivity stuffs let me know if you
have your own little tips tricks and
ideas in the comments below because I'm
always open to ways of being super duper
awesomely productive and amazing and
doing cool stuff and I will see y'all in
a few hours because I'm doing two videos
today but you know i'll see you tomorrow
beta i'll see you tomorrow
