Veda day six yeah I'm real exam okay the
story I have how mr. hallease denyin met
really actually isn't that interesting
he was dating my friend we'll call her
she Bob Bob and she wanted us to meet
him me and my roommate to meet him so
that way we could decide if he was crazy
and you know you know your friends can
see things you don't see sometimes you
know and I think he definitely knew he
was you know being shown off to us so he
was very charismatic and all of that my
initial impression of him was just
alright here's this guy there's nothing
overtly like crazy attractive about him
just dude you know can an average guy he
did not dress well back then he had a
just like a button-down shirt with
straight leg jeans which is terrible
because he needs slim fit and I think he
was wearing like a new Balance sneakers
like just not you know mm-hmm we fixed
all that though but then he spoke and I
was like oh you CeMAT you come his voice
the way he talks comes off as very
intelligent and very charismatic he has
a good voice the way all they're always
like I love your voice at least I love
his voice a lot and I could tell how
much he really cared about Shabab at the
time and I could see that you know and
so you know I was excited I put my stamp
of friend approval on mr. Hodes with
Shabab up you know and they dated for
like a couple months I think
and through that time he would come up
to visit Shabab up from San Antonio and
you know sometimes I would be there and
sometimes I wouldn't and I think he
actually also helped on some of my
student films because Shabab would act
in some of them and he I think I I think
he was a PA on like two of them anyway
so you know they dated it didn't work
out they broke up
fast-forward and they broke up right
around I think maybe a month before
school let out for the summer he knew I
was in San Antonio which is where he was
living at the time and he messaged me on
Facebook I don't really know anyone in
San Antonio
we kind of know that you live here now
could you like be my friend
please and this will naive me was like
oh sure Bob Bob sex is lonely oh I'll be
his friend you know and so you know we
started hanging out and just going to
movies and getting dinner and stuff like
that and the whole time I really at this
point I'd had a lot of guy friends and I
still kind of do have a lot of guy
friends so I didn't think of him
romantically I really didn't until
finally he was like so you know I like
you right
like I'm pursuing you oh my back
realized oh I need to decide if I like
him back or if I want to be pursued you
know cuz at this point I was on my grind
yo I was producing videos for the
military's pursuit labs producing videos
for the security forces Academy like I
wasn't even thinking about romance I'm
like not even a little bit you know I
like being around him and he's really
easy to be around that was one of the
main things that it that first attracted
me to mr. Ali it's not romantic leader
just as a person we could talk for a
long time and it wouldn't feel weird or
awkward even our first kiss
you know my heart wasn't racing you know
it didn't have butterflies or things
like that I just remember how calm I
felt and how safe I felt and that was
what attracted me to him
um so yeah I mean long story short you
know he was dating my friend they broke
up I and he pursued me that's kind of
really it I mean um
it's not really that interesting I did
actually have to learn how to be a
girlfriend though I didn't actually
really know how to be one I think that
was actually more because of the way I
was brought up versus the way he was
brought up my family isn't like overtly
affectionate we show that we love you
through our actions so you know showing
up to every function showing up to
everything being there for you if you
need help it's love through action
definitely with my family whereas with
his family it's a little more I mean my
husband he's Latino and part Lebanese
you know his family is I think our
traditional like Latin Latino family and
you know the alamo mucho I love you I
love you though you know just constant
verbal reaffirmation the affirmations of
feelings and his parents are a little
more PDA you know we'll be walking
downtown and they're holding hands or
you know justjust these little signs of
affection kind of thing whereas my
family we just don't really do that I
remember when we first officially worked
together and I would come over a lot and
all that kind of stuff you know he I'd
knock on the door of his apartment and
he'd open up be like hey yo what's up
and then I just like come in and like
sit on the couch man how was work what
do you do it you know just start talking
to him about our days and stuff and he
would indulge me and start talking
because you wanted to tell me but
eventually like midway through the
conversation he would just kind of like
kiss me and I'd be like yeah thanks and
then I think maybe the fourth or fifth
time I'd come over and just walked in he
like stopped me at the door he's like
you need a hug me or kiss me or
something because we haven't seen each
other in a day and this is what you do
when you're dating someone you kiss them
when you see them or hug them or
something
and I was like oh okay sorry
like holding hands in public I didn't
you know we'd be walking to a movie or
something and I would just be walking
and talking next to him and then he just
kind of grabbed my hand and they'd be
like why are you doing this I can't
fully explain myself now because I only
have one hand I just be like this is
weird that we're holding hands and he's
like no it's actually not you're being
weird about it but we were together
that's how I met mr. hallease and that's
how I sucked at being a girlfriend in
the beginning I figured it out though
2011 was when we got married we're still
kicking it still chillin I'm not as
people always asked I don't know since
2011 it's just for me it's like there
was life before mr. Elias and then
there's life after him you know there's
life now so I don't really like trying
to keep track of the number because then
it feels like you're trying to achieve
some goal which I'm not he's not really
ever on the channel you know we're not
like Britpop life doing a whole vlog we
together thing he sees the YouTube thing
as just my thing he does pop up every
now and then on here though because
we're doing we're traveling somewhere
and I'm traveling with him so areas of
the video and you know y'all can see
that he exists he is real he's a real
person but yeah I could maybe try to get
him to do a husband tag or something
maybe you might be down for that he
might indulge me with that if you want
him to come on and do a husband
I guess put some questions in the
comments and maybe some time doing Veda
actually you probably might actually
might do it for me because he knows I'm
doing Veda and he knows I'm gonna run
out of ideas like he knows I'm already
struggling you might actually be down to
do a husband tag for me and we can go
from there
I'll see y'all tomorrow
