day to day for sub guys me Holly's um
I'm a rapid shell for a minute something
I've been grappling with as a young
adult getting into my career in video
production and then making video content
is the idea that to become truly
successful you will have regrets and I
don't mean regrets romantically or you
know I should have taken that trip I
mean it in terms of success regrets or
picking the right career path regrets I
have always been a jack-of-all-trades
master of a few type person I've always
had multiple things that I'm interested
in I've always been pursuing multiple
dreams at one time some and something
that I'm slowly beginning to realize is
that you have to let some of those
dreams go in order to focus on other
dreams if you have too many aspirations
dreams happening all at once none of
them will get done and it's frustrating
because you don't want to let things go
you don't want to let you don't want to
let dreams go you don't want to let
ideas go the people that I aspire to
have a successful like success level as
there was a turning point where they
really did focus on one specific idea
and focus on that one specific idea for
many years and then they finally
accomplished that idea and the revenue
that they gained from that idea or the
momentum that they gained from that idea
the connections that they gained from
that idea helped them to start on the
next idea so I'm just a young
professional out here trying to be
somebody
low key high key trying to be somebody
you know some of y'all that are out
there young professionals or mid to
you're professionals or whatever
professional level you at maybe some of
y'all are focusing on too many things
and maybe you just need to pick a thing
which is so hard it's so hard oh my gosh
it's so hard so hard but pick a thing or
maybe to like max
- and focus on them I have no desire to
live forever but I do have a desire to
have more time you know I feel like even
at 25 I already feel like making it to
80 is not enough time to get things done
like it's not enough time you aren't
really truly into the professional realm
until maybe like early is 16 unless
you're some child prodigy you really
aren't gonna be in these streets until
you're like a smooth 22 I mean really so
you've already wasted 22 years okay of
just like becoming a functioning human
being in the society you've wasted that
much time and then you know once you hit
like 65 70 you're hella tired I'm 25 and
I'm already tired
I'm 25 y'all and I'm already tired I'm
always a little bit tired always so and
I'm not even nearly as productive as I
could be I mean now that I'm 25 the
years just like go by like we already
we're already a quarter of the way
through 2016 it is April already like
what the hell man I just blinked and
it's April like what to live to 80 it
just feels like such a fraction fraction
of the amount of time that you actually
need to accomplish awesome stuff I'm
just fighting the clock I'm always
fighting this clock that I cannot see
and that I cannot predict cuz lord knows
when the Lord go and take me and I don't
know so mortality sucks in that way you
know it sucks and because of that you
have to let things go
and you will regret it there's no way
around it you will regret some of the
things that you let go and not because
you know they were maybe spectacular or
anything like that but just because you
don't know what could have been and
you'll never know what could have been
and that's frustrating for us humans I
think to never know what could have been
is hella frustrating for us so that's
what I'm dealing with now and you know
food for thought
Veda day 4 up see you when I see you
