Veda day 3 hey so uh as y'all may or may
not know I actually won't know because I
haven't told you so why did I even say
that I am low-key on a hair growth
regimen the whole idea behind doing this
was to in three months show y'all how
much my hair has grown since March till
then and say like definitively the MSM
and the biotin helped my hair grow an
extra inch more extra half inch more or
whatever but you know like it's Veda and
I need content ideas so I'm just gonna
talk about it now
I've been on MSM and biotin for like I
said two weeks MSM is supposed to help
with the keratin levels in your hair
nails and skin and it's all supposed to
help with inflammation arthritis pain
blah blah blah allergies it cures cancer
whatever you know it's supposed to do a
lot of cool stuff and then I was when
biotin helps with hair growth and all of
that jazz so I've combined the two and
I'm taking them together the whole
reason I even got into it also was
because my local grocery was having a
sale on their supplements and that was
why I decided to hop on it and try this
idea for you one thing I will say about
taking supplements in general that I
find that a lot of youtubers that talked
about taking supplements and how it's
helped them
don't mention is some of the side
effects so with biotin specifically I
know that if you are generally a hairy
person you know if you are generally a
hairy person biotin will not only make
the hair on your head grow it will make
all of the hair all of it
grow also a side effect that I'm
noticing with MSM which I have never
taken before is my first go with MSM is
that MSM does some weird stuff to women
specifically hormonal II because
my period is late which is a little
weird for me my periods usually pretty
pretty predictable and I started looking
online of different forums about MSM and
found that this is a common thing a lot
of women have gone online and talked
about how MSM has thrown their cycles
off and made them in some cases I saw
that women talked about how they'd
actually skipped an entire period while
other women said that their period was
maybe 10 days late he I don't know how
committed I will be to this MSM biotin
thing that I was trying to do which is
also why I'm talking about it about it
in this Veda video instead um just
because the whole like being off on the
period thing I really don't like that
mostly because it's just like then
you're like well how late am I gonna be
you know do I just need to carry my
menstrual cup with me everywhere can I
sleep on these sheets tonight should I
be concerned I don't know yeah yeah if
you are trying to grow your hair out
just know what you're doing you know do
your homework
bla bla bla and I don't know maybe I
just won't I don't know I don't know I'm
just over having short hair guys I'm
over it already
I'm over it I don't know in the comments
below let me know if you like my hair I
don't know I don't know I'll see y'all
tomorrow
I don't know no no I'm already over this
