I now do voiceover where take one hey
everyone it's me Holly's so if you watch
my 2016 goals video than you know that
something i projected into the ether
take a crying about was getting back
into voice work and just doing that to
make some extra coins hashtag with these
coins 2016 and so yeah i just want to
see if yall an update on that i am on
voices calm now and i have been
auditioning for voice over work and it's
going well it's going well in the sense
that you know i proclaimed something and
now i am following through with it you
know doing the necessary steps to make
it a reality so to speak um but i have
it technically got hired for anything
yet which you know church pray for me on
that but um I am you know I'm in these
streets I'm out in these streets trying
to do voiceover stuff so if you are
interested in hiring me i will link to
my voices com profile in the description
box and you can check it out at the
spirit music i think one of the main
reasons i'm not getting hired for things
is because i haven't gotten hired for
anything so therefore no one has
reviewed me and so therefore i have like
no stars so you know it's like that
vicious cycle thing it's been really
interesting some of the stuff isn't
really interesting there's a lot of
video games that
little tidbit voices and things like
that which is fun because now I find
myself just trying to mimic caricatures
of other voices to like maybe design a
new kind of voice which is interesting
and so yeah point of the story I am on
voices.com trying to get out Chea trying
to be seen let people know that I am
available I am available for voice
duff's um I also bought a new microphone
so that way when I go into the booth and
record I have good sounding audio that i
can send to potential clients as well i
purchased the blue condenser cardioid
mic and it was actually constructively
affordable i purchased it from guitar
hero now that i have a mic maybe i'll
get into podcasting I don't know I don't
know I don't wouldn't move podcast about
what would I pot in the comments below
let me know what I should podcast about
Phoebe Allah said that oh why don't you
do a podcast I'm like because I don't
know what the podcast were you podcast
about so yeah in the 2016 video for my
goals a lot of y'all put your goals as
well in the comments section so follow
up let me know in the comments below for
this video if you are starting to follow
up and follow through with set goals and
trying to you know progress to the next
thing and I'm interested to your frame
and yeah like I said
I am pursuing the dream you know first
stop 30 second ad about foot cream next
stop ancillary character number five on
Bob's Burgers oh my gosh I would love to
be on Bob's Burgers so bad I love that
show could you imagine you guys sit
nexus jaan bhai yeah you know I'm just
on a show with h john benjamins no big
deal no big deal no big deal anyway I'll
see you when I see you
