hey guys so if you follow me on snapchat
you know that about a week and a half
ago I did this long rant about how I
gave in to Facebook ads and found myself
scrolling through the mohabbat website I
have found myself looking at it thinking
like what this is fascinating and I
ended up buying a pair I've had them now
for about a week and have been wearing
them all over town and I have to say
that overall I liked them just just know
that you're paying $100 for slippers
know that going in if you're okay with
that if that's the kind of life you live
then that's them keep watching the video
so I ended up buying the mohabbat summer
shoe in some they have some color name
that they give it a me a steal but they
they call this shoe color the aqua aqua
agent agent Aegon aqua egg and I'll put
it I'll put it in text on it but it like
it's a teal is a teal color I bought it
in size 37 which is six and a half they
do give you a you they do give you us
sizing conversion so you know exactly
what size to buy you get a free outer
cover which is Jack your outdoor when
you're going outside that clips onto the
shoe my free soul that I came with the
shoe was the Larvik gray it's like a
standard gray color
um and then I also ordered an extra sole
because I wanted to be like versatile
with mine and I ordered the
you can read it's like a coral it's a
coral color I ended up making mistake
though with my coral ones because it
accidentally ordered the wrong size I
ordered a 36 when I should have been 37
and like they still fit but it's a
struggle to get them on so I'm debating
on if I want to link buy another pair
like the shoe itself is the material so
you know like those foam bath mats you
can buy like memory foam bath mats
that's what this is giving me that's
what the whole outer is giving me is
memory foam bath mat it's got a nice
sole it's nice and comfy it's got some
give when you step in it's cushion you
know you feel like you're walking on
some clouds it's nice it's comfy um they
have a little covering here for your
foot so that way if you want you can
push it down and wear it as a clog or if
you want you can use this and have it
you know more secure on your foot the
bottoms are you know pretty young I mean
that's like a nice what is that like a
nice rubber or something like they're
starting it's sturdy it's sturdy you
know so it's cool all in all it's like
okay there's some production value here
you know I will say though I have gotten
serious shade from people looking at me
walking around sound because here's the
thing like at Wow these are supposed to
be high-end indoor/outdoor slippers real
talk
I'm black I've walked into stores with
my hundred dollar slippers and have
gotten the evil eye from people real
talk
be I mean are really comfy I'm low-key
interested I've already spent like 120
dollars but I'm low-key interested in
buying the winter one I'll link to a
website in the description box I don't
have any kind of code to get you any
kind of deal but it's a relatively new
company so they're always from what I
get from their emails they're all
like 10% off this that whatever no
shippi you know check them out man this
is me I'm just letting y'all know that
sometimes I'm a little bit bougie
sometimes I'm just a hair bougie and by
things that are so superfluous and have
very little meaning to my life but gotta
live a little bit a little bit anyway
let me know if you have a pair mohabbat
let me know if you like them in the
comments below if you're interested or
you just think I'm blue cheese he'll let
me know in the comments below and I'll
see y'all when I see y'all
