hey everyone so as you all know I use
the terressentials mudwash consistently
on my hair I have used it for now as
this point has been like the salad two
years or something like that I really
love this mud wash because it's just
really moisturizing and very light and
nourishing on your hair all of that
being said I have used most of the
different types of terressentials mud
washes that you can use so I just wanted
to go through each of them and then let
you know which one that I personally
prefer for my 4b 4c hair so yeah let's
get started so the first version of the
terressentials mudwash that I tried was
the lavender garden version I really
like it because it's SuperDuper
moisturizing you know on a label that
says for normal to dry thick or coarse
curly to wavy to kinky hair that's what
the labeling says and you know with all
of these terressentials mudwash is when
you first start using them you should
use them everyday for multiple washes a
day when you first start using it they
call it the detox period put the
terressentials mudwash
in your hair rinse it out then put it
again and rinse it out so use it twice
and that's what I did in the beginning
and I quickly noticed the difference
this version the lavender garden brain
is really really moisturizing it's
really almost to a detriment it
moisturized so much that it almost made
my hair actually feel kind of breezy for
this one you know it depends on your
hair type if your hair is very dry then
I would recommend this version if your
hair just seems to just stay dry like
you could just no matter how much shea
butter you'd be slathering on your hair
it is just dry by the end of the day try
this version the next one is the left
coast lemon version you know kind of
citrusy kind of fun very light eraser
that lemon candy
you know talk about that lemon candy
anyway what it says for normal drive
very thick or coarse Chloe - kinky hair
so for this one this one I actually
didn't like as much as the other two the
reason why I did not feel like this one
moisturized for me enough it got my hair
clean but my hair didn't feel very
moisturize and the whole thing with Tara
essentials is the fact that you
shouldn't have to use anything after you
use it that's the goal of terressentials
is to not have to use anything else on
your hair after you use of this and so
with this version I always felt the need
to put just a little bit of something
extra to seal my hair after this finally
onto the one that I still use and will
probably use for the foreseeable future
in some capacity on my hair the sultry
spice now this one it's giving me you
know tree bark this one I feel is the
just right one for my hair type it says
for normal or Drive fine too thin or
wavy hair but this one seems to work the
best for me even though I technically
have wavy - kinky - curly hair you know
so my things to say my hair is very
dense right it's very dense mice's that
there are a lot of strands but the
strands are actually quite fine so I
think that's why this version seems to
work the best on my hair even though the
lavender you would think that the
lavender one would work best this one
seems to work the best
I mean it's giving me tree bark you know
nettle chamomile there is vanilla in
here there is lavender in here but I
mean real talk it's just giving me tree
bark you know it smells pine Zee it
smells woodsy like you're from Mother
Earth and I would say overall it's a bit
masculine that's a good way to put it
it's kind of a masculine now but I don't
mind it it dissipates pretty quickly I
also sometimes once again will follow up
with
depending on the weather how dry it is
here in Texas I will follow up with a
little leave-in or something like that
which adds its own little aroma so even
though this does smell kind of woodsy
the smell doesn't really linger from
very long at least for me on my hair so
yeah so yeah guys I just wanted to get
on and let y'all know about the
different terressentials mudwash is I've
been meaning to do this video for a
while to let you know which one I like
most in the comments below if you have
tried the terressentials mudwash which
one did you like and why if you have
tried the terressentials mudwash
and didn't like it let me know in the
comments below I'm curious to know what
people have tried and what's worked for
them so yeah I'll see you when I see you
