why I shaved my head take one freedom
take two what am I even have to tell you
I mean I really don't have to tell y'all
why actually like realtalk
take three mind your business I'm just
kidding I'm just kidding for I mean why
not you know like why not I don't know I
don't really know why I had this urge to
cut my hair off I had been debating
doing it for some time actually for
almost a year actually I would see these
tapered cuts he's TWA 's and whatnot and
I kept just fighting the urge just like
my hair's been so long I have to like
keep it up I'm actually getting
somewhere with length retention now blah
blah blah that was what stops me from
cutting it and so finally I was sitting
in my desk and some other little TWA
thing popped up on my feed because I'd
been watching other TWA things and these
algorithms y'all just be woof the
algorithms and I was looking at it
saying thinking to myself oh woe is me I
wish I could do that
and then I kind of paused with myself
and said look self why are you wishing
you actually can so here's the deal
either you cut your hair or you shut the
hell up about cutting your hair and I
was finally said to myself you know what
how am i doing it so then I just did it
and I filled it and so one thing in the
comments section I noticed a lot of
y'all were like whoa I thought you were
gonna taper it look like you were
tapering it I technically did I did
taper it's just a really really tight
paper so it's I did a half an inch up
top and then
three eighths of an inch in the
midsection and then I think is like a
quarter of an inch in the back I'm not
sure what I'm gonna do now I'm kind of
just reveling in the no hair miss of it
I still get it wet every day I still
maintain a very similar regimen but it
just takes me like literally two minutes
to do my hair and by do my hair I mostly
mean but just moisturize it I don't know
if I'm gonna grow it back or anything
like that just because I actually feel
like I look better with shorter hair
which I kind of low-key always knew I
would look better with shorter hair I
think it just frames my face better but
you know you never know you know I mean
it's nice to start fresh I will say that
it's nice to feel like you're starting
over and starting fresh and just like
out with the old in with the new
yay but I don't know if I'm gonna let it
grow back out I feel like I might just
stay at this length for a little while
because I'm done y'all man taking care
of this is so easy and it's so just more
in tune with my lifestyle real talk to
have a shorter hair then it's pretty
awesome
I am still trying products I will do a
few I have a few products that I've been
trying pre-cut and now post cut that I
need to do a review on I will review
them soon similar to that other product
haul video I did I just keep getting
products somehow people keep giving me
stuff and I'm just like I mean I'll use
it I guess I don't know so that's how
that's going but yes I will be making
more product videos they are coming soon
I'll still do hair stuff every now and
then in the comments below let me know
what you think of this shaved head and
what you think I should do next do you
think I should show you all the journey
of just growing it back and all of that
or do you think I should
keep it short or maybe let it grow but
then get like a taper fade something to
this you know sliced death pull to the
fat cute or should I play with color let
me know in the comments below what y'all
are thinking and what happens but yeah
that's where I'm at I don't know if I
really answered the question of why I
shaved my head but that's where I'm at
that's what I'm meditating on it feels
great I love it
mr. hallease likes it a lot because my
hair used to kind of go up as though it
was a little bit when we cuddled
so he's super happy with the short hair
as well and yeah let's do when I see you
