hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always
coming at you now from the bathroom of
my hotel in San Francisco and so if
you're gonna just do like go to bed with
me video
so yeah I'm here in San Francisco um I
actually have never been to San
Francisco I've been to San Jose which is
basically like the burbs of San
Francisco if you will there's a lot of
tech companies up there and so you know
I used to work for a video agency that
would produce videos for tech companies
and so I would find myself up there at
least once a year
shooting things for them I've actually
been here for like two weeks I actually
took a tour I took a tour with a local
he's like a
and the crowd goes wild
great snapping my friends I think we're
gonna have to go we're gonna have to
start a band and going tour together get
it go on tour together cuz hopefully no
one black toast intolerant because this
tour is full of cheesy jokes and a very
eclectic man and he took us on a tour of
the Mission District I have a broad
understanding of the of LGBTQI plus
history in regards to this area of San
Francisco but to actually get like a
two-hour tour and get more detail
explained like well why like what was
the catalyst to have an LGBTQ ai+
population here in the first place you
know like what happened you know why
here as opposed to another part of the
country so it was great to get sort of
the gaps in my understanding filled in
and then also to just learn a lot of you
know little tidbits about the history
and culture and plus that's like a good
way to learn about an area is to be
touristy and take a walking tour well
for lack of a better word like you end
up getting spoon-fed the history that
you kind of need to know to just
understand a space more and that also
usually is a great catalyst to get you
to do more research for yourself also
I'm in San Francisco so I got to go to
the Google office and see my YouTube
partner usually I have meetings with her
over the phone but since I was actually
out here I was like oh I can meet you in
person
yeah okay so I went in met her in person
so that was really
how does one wanna go for it you just
kind of go for it you just have to be in
the moment like this and just
acknowledge people you know exactly so
right now I am here at the Google space
in San Francisco with my YouTube partner
and we're going over my channel and what
I need to do to like be better or
whatever she's the reason why I am now
somewhat on a schedule so thank her so
that's what we're doing and she's
showing me around and they have
ridiculously amazing things here I don't
believe that anyone gets anything done
actually here because there's so much
going on there's so many options of
things to do but apparently they get
things done they have a meditation room
like meditation what is happening but
there's a barber there's a doctor's
office in here like you have no reason
to leave something about downtown that
is a little more intense I think than
other downtown's that I've been in is
the homelessness it really hits me
harder than other bigger city other big
cities I've been to and just the amount
of
lack of infrastructure from people with
mental illness mental health issues and
how that ties in with the homelessness
it's jarring it's jarring to be
surrounded by so much capitalism like so
many high-end stores and things of that
nature and then just like homeless
people that obviously need access to
resources that they're not getting so
it's tough definitely all that aside
this is a go to bed with me video so I
get influenced just like the rest of
y'all Victoria is one of the other
creators for change
ambassadors that's here on this trip too
and she is a beauty guru based out of
Mexico City and she recommended this the
for a oh I got the Luna mini - and she
recommended it because I'm like using
like a Clarisonic or something like that
where you have to replace the brush head
every few months which I hate because
I'm really bad about doing that you know
this is made out of silicone similar to
like mr. cups and things I've talked
about before so less chance for in like
less chances for bacteria where you're
just rear upping bacteria on your face
you're not really doing that anymore so
she influenced me I went because again
I'm in the thick of downtown so I just
went over to Sephora and bought one on
the spot and I've been using it while
I've been here in San Francisco so I'm
gonna use this with another product that
I got influenced into buying olden as
y'all know Evelyn from the Internet's
did a video series talking about Boldin
and their new
SPF based moisturizer and I have been
waiting for them to drop this
moisturizer for a while so I went ahead
and bought it but then when I went to go
buy this they were having us like a
package sale on like their face line so
I literally got their face their entire
face line for like 20 dollars cheaper
then if I hadn't brought bakit products
individually so I was like okay I just
got influenced like hardcore but you
know I mean it's whatever I love that
one so it's fine so it has a little
power button we can probably hear it
yeah so while I've been here in San
Francisco
Jules E is a foodie she is big on trying
new food wherever she goes like she does
Yelp reviews she's like and a lot of the
people here actually are any more
product a lot of the people here
actually are foodies I personally not
much of a foodie I mean I I appreciate a
good meal definitely like you it won't
be lost on me but I'm more calm for the
good vibes of just spending time with
people in a communal way and that's what
eating for me is it's something to be
done communally so I can bond with
people at night I always like to wash my
face twice - the first time breaks up
the dirt off my face the second time
gets a thorough yeah the food scene here
is interesting in that it's eclectic
there's a lot of different things
represented because I mean San Francisco
has a large Asian population Jules and I
on one of our lunch breaks went to
Chinatown and got
dim sum he also went to Japan town on my
mother's recommendation and got these
big bowls of food on noodles very good
place they were super nice service was
great the food was good very filling we
could have shared one easily we also
tried this French French soul food
restaurant which you know I was already
feeling a little suspect because it was
like why are you not why are you denying
the black influence of the French
cuisine on this food you know what I
mean and that didn't know I was as a
southerner I was feeling a certain type
way you know that's the thing for me
like even if I have a bad meal I still
feel like I'm bonding with people over
how bad the meal was I really love this
because it it gives your face just like
a really nice massage and it's cleaning
your face without like being super harsh
I feel like sometimes my Clarisonic is a
bit harsh now that I've cleansed we are
going to follow up with our toner yes I
travel with cotton I travel with them I
am NOT on my zero-waste grind yet one
day I will get there but for now I'm
throwing cotton away all I'm sorry so
for this trip this is the trip that I
purchased the Ronin for because I really
wanted to be as mobile as I could but
still provide good overall movement for
the cinematography and I've been really
happy with the Ronin
actually once I figured out how to
utilize the Ronin to the best of its
ability and then sort of like pack it
onto my backpack the way I wanted
I was like bit I'm gonna stoppable now
you know I don't think I'll use it all
the time but I definitely think I will
it's it's like a good it's a good tool
to just have when in in these types of
situations you know because I'm doing
like whole interviews just holding it
now nighttime serum it's 10% glycolic
acid which helps fades dark spots all
that kind of stuff I am still trying to
get rid of your dark spots
Heike I think my skin's a little bit
allergic like the further away from the
equator the worse I feel like my melanin
is like why are you up here like why are
we here you know I mean so there's that
I feel like I have had this eye cream
forever this eye cream I feel like I've
had it forever and I think I've finally
I'm finally almost done with it
they're still wood they're still product
and like how how around this eye cream
by the way moisturized eyes which drives
the eye areaa loving at loving at yes
and I also came to a realization that
like I don't like wearing makeup or
needing to rely on makeup I feel like
makeup is can be really positive for a
lot of people but for me it feels like a
mask it feels like a facade and so I
just realized like okay
I don't really like wearing makeup but
I'm aging so
like spending money on good skincare
products doesn't feel like a waste like
I feel like I'm wasting money when I buy
makeup when I buy skincare stuff I'm
like I'm investing you know I then
follow up with set of the Saturdays skin
renewing night cream and this is
basically like this is like my
moisturizer for night essentially I like
it they say I think you I say you're
supposed to go up right they say you're
supposed to be like this great because
you can go like this then you're helping
your face sag yeah is that true and the
comments below tell me about how I'm not
a beauty guru you know I don't have good
skin I would say that I don't have good
skin but I would say that my skin looks
exponentially better now that I've
started taking it very seriously and I'm
happy with where it's at you know every
I learn a little bit more and I
incorporate more I could eat a little
bit better things like that and I you
see the difference you know it's always
gonna be a work in progress but I'm
happy with where it is
that's my nighttime routine Victoria
thank you for the recommendation I love
this thing like I love it it's great and
I love the sight I'm like I'm excited to
go home and recycle my Clarisonic and
just have this thing is it and it's also
sold to pack like this travels better
like man and oh and the thing about this
think you is like it sure I bought it
from Sephora charged it for like an hour
it was fully charged and then I looked
on the box and then one charge lasts
like seven months like that's crazy so
you're interested in buying one this
isn't sponsored but if you're interested
in buying one I'll put a link down below
so you can pick you one up off of Amazon
I'm Holly's I'm still in limbo so I'll
see you when I see you
