Bluetooth rubber beats take one hey
everyone its Holly's here I wanted to
get on and start like a little new
series thing that I'm calling gadgets
and gizmos of Plenty or in short gadgets
and on this I'm just gonna be talking
about different little doodads and
gadgets that I have that I use
frequently that I really like and want
to just let you all know that they exist
if you want them they exist and they can
be cool so this week I am covering or
showing y'all the etekcity grover beats
t3 bluetooth speaker it's a really cool
little speaker that runs off a lithium
ion battery that's included and built
into it and you just keep recharging it
whenever it dies the speaker is
surprisingly good like it has I bought
this on Amazon on a whim and I've had it
now since May so it's been a while and I
love this thing I use it to connect via
bluetooth to my laptop so I can just
have better sound if I'm listening to
music while I'm working or editing I
also connect it to my cell phone and I
can use it to make phone calls because
it has a built-in microphone to it as
well and it picks you up pretty well on
most phone calls I've never I've yet to
have someone say like what are you
speaking on something weird I can't hear
you I can't I can't hear you it also
connects really easy it's really easy
instructions to make it work all you do
is flip on the on switch makes a beeping
noise to let you know that it's on and
then it flashes blue or green blue and
green to let you know that it's ready to
connect to some kind of Bluetooth device
and once it's connected it turns solid
blue and stays blue to let you know that
it is now working and does a little beep
again when the battery finally does die
it kind of like dings a few times and
then dies and that's when you know it's
time to charge it again a full charged
little speaker lasts for up to seven
hours but I think they're just being
modest with that I know I've used this
for a couple of days of full-time work
and it blasted fine it's so when you're
using Bluetooth to connect to the
speaker it will reach about 33 feet
according to the owner's manual and the
specs online I've definitely pushed the
limit of how far this thing can reach
and it works pretty well
it comes with the speaker itself a carry
pouch a 3.5 audio jack to plug it in
directly to different devices if you
don't want to use bluetooth and also a
USB connector but you physically charge
it I just really want to get on and show
y'all this little speaker because it has
a lot of great sound quality and it's
you get a lot for your money I mean this
thing is $23.99 on Amazon and then if
you have a Prime membership you get it
in two days because it is part of the
prime program so I mean you get a lot
for your money with this little speaker
way more than I think you probably are
expecting from such a small little
device that is the rover beats T 3
speaker like I said it's available on
Amazon Prime I'll put a link in the
description box below if you're
interested in purchasing it and I'll see
y'all when I see y'all
