rolling on the sound this is the sound
of soul this is the brand garage update
video take one Hey so I'm back with a
bhringraj update video I know I haven't
talked to y'all about the oil in a while
it's been a minute sorry about that I
was using the oil through all of July
and it was going well and then going
into August my scalp was like No
and it broke out like big-time I have
like I forgot the conditions called
where your scalp is really oily and it
produces a lot of flakes that are oily
and whatnot I kind of low-key have that
it's not diagnosed but I'm pretty sure
that's what I have so that's why I
usually incorporate head and shoulders
into my regimen a lot and things like
that and that's why I tend to stay away
from oils and butters especially butters
but um if I do use oils they need to be
really really light and that was why I
was trying this one out and finally my
scalp was just like no and it broke out
really bad um going into August so I
stopped using the burn garage oil and
went to like full force get my scalp
back to level one mode and so yeah
because of that I don't use the oil
anymore I think I got all the way up
until like mid first or second week of
August before my scalp was like No
so overall I would say if you're the
type of person that can use oils pretty
regularly and your scalp seems to just
soak them up and love them definitely
give us oil a try um I still don't think
I tried it long enough to really get you
know any major benefits from the oil I
will say that I think this oil does
contain a lot of mineral oil and I know
for Naturals out there that's like a big
No
big red flag I don't really care but I
know a lot of y'all care so I'm letting
you know that I ended up using a pretty
good amount of it like almost half you
know almost half so there's that
I don't know now that I'm not using this
anymore and getting my scalp back to you
equilibrium um I'll probably just go
back to using dropped it I'll probably
go back to using the vatika hair oil
it's like it's just enriched coconut oil
I use that on my hair maybe like once
every two weeks so once a month
very seldom once again cuz oils just
really are not I'm an oily person I
don't know if y'all can tell but I'm
just always shiny you know some always
kind of shiny in my videos because I
just give off shine you know like I just
you know so and my scalp is no different
it just gives off a lot of oil and stuff
so yeah I just wanted to come on and
update y'all and let you know that I had
not forgot about this little Smee series
that I was doing and that it didn't work
out so yeah but link to purchase is in
the description box if you are so
interested in this oil but let me know
what you think if you do end up trying
it I'm always curious to know you know I
try stuff and it doesn't end up working
for me and then other people try it and
they're just like oh my god Holy Grail
oh my god oh my god you know and I'm
just like I don't know Holy Grail you
know so let me know in the comments
below and I will see y'all when I see
y'all
