okay headset review take one hey
everybody I was given the opportunity to
try out a product fo free you know all
are free and so I got to try out the
wireless stereo headset HV 600 Bou free
it is a Bluetooth wireless headset that
connects to you know anything with
Bluetooth capabilities to play music for
you I decided to use it to work out
I've Austin I often go to the gym and
I'll see people with these and they look
super comfy so when I was given the
opportunity to try one for free I was
like yeah yes so overall the design of
the product is pretty basic
it's got like wobbly miss to let it fit
to you know whatever size noggin you
have and then it's got the ear shape
hoop with buds and then control panel
little control buttons on each side so I
used this to go for a jog I will say for
me my ears are small I am a small person
in general so getting this to hook on to
my ears was a little difficult like I'm
pretty sure my industrial is what kept
it on for most of this so running was a
little difficult because it kept sliding
off of my ears because my ears are just
so small where this really did shine
though was just doing like gym workouts
so the moving and the lifting and all
that kind of stuff it really helped and
stayed because usually when I'm doing
workouts and I have to
just you know earbuds you know this wire
is getting in the way and then because
it's in your way you end up knocking at
your butt out of your ear and this and
that you don't have to worry about that
with this because it's looped around the
back that was really cool and I think
that is what I will use these for is
just gym stuff not running all that
being said I will say that if you have
normal sized ears this will work great
for you like I let mr. Hollies try them
on and he has a normal sized head with
you know regular eaters and it didn't
move at all like he ran in place and
like jumped around and like shook his
head never flew off so I would say just
keep that in mind if you're a small ear
lobe person such as myself this might be
a little difficult for you if they make
a size down like make the ratio of this
loop a little bit smaller so I don't
know overall I give it like I don't know
like seven out of ten you know like the
sound quality is good the buttons are a
little janky I didn't really use the
buttons at all I only I would just
control the music from my phone itself
mostly because I would forget which
button was where on what side and all of
that and today just wasn't worth it's
like just take the phone out and take
the song you want you know I mean that's
just me that's just how I roll
you know but you might roll differently
you might like Auto button and stuff and
you can tech you can make calls on this
thing too like you can call people and
talk to people and stuff I'm just not
about that life because that just feels
weird to me you know I don't want to be
that guy with the little Bluetooth and
like they just seem so self-absorbed
when I see those people so yeah that's
pretty much it I will link to where you
can buy this product in the description
box below if you have tried these or
another brand let me also know in the
comments below if you liked them and if
you would recommend
maybe I'll check them out see Albany
seal
