so once upon a time police was a little
first grader will say your first grader
was in kindergarten actually I might
have been in kindergarten Zion
kindergarten was I in like fourth grade
somewhere in grade school I was one of
those kids that was like too smart I was
one of those kids that could listen to
adults having a conversation and then
but in and be like but you're just being
lazy why don't you just tell your wife
that you don't want to do it and that
you're just we just want to be lazy I
was that kid so um you know my parents
just really had to work with me as far
as just like to being too woke you know
like I was a little too woke to too soon
I'm at grade school and everything's
going good but like so I'm sitting in
class right I'm sitting in class do him
a little simple math timetables whatever
and something dawns on me i have i have
a realization if you will i have like
this like wait a minute you know and i
begin to notice that some kids just be
strolling into class whenever they
whenever just the spirit moves them to
stroll into class so i'd be sitting
there and like a little billy little
billy bob strolls into I think my am I
think my elementary school teachers name
was her name Missa where she was like 75
when I was in school so pretty sure
she's dead miss wiedermann miss
wiedermann you know a little billy bob
stroll into miss we durman's class right
so late we've done been had lunch like
so late and miss we didn't be like okay
and I'm just like he's just what you
know and then you know or paging you
know you know Jamie sue paging Jamie sue
to the office you know and Jamie sue
just leave for the day like Jamie sue
just gone for the day and I was just
like I don't have to be here
I can be here but I don't have to be
here like none of these kids are here on
time ever I don't have to be here I
could just this is optional so once I
realized this once I had this epiphany
is awakening if you will I felt the need
to act on it I was like I'm gonna be
rangel be here I was low key with my
mischief all the teachers loved me
because I was the cute little educated
black kid because let's be frank I grew
up in suburban San Antonio so I was like
always the only black kid oh that little
one she's adorable the librarian love me
the principal on my site like everybody
trusts me right because I know when to
be Miss Julius and I know when to play
it cool so I had enough sense to think
like this is optional but I bet you the
parents and the teachers want you to
stick around like they just don't want
you to know that it's optional right so
I raised my hand miss wiedemann calls on
me to say hey be what you need but she's
white in 75 so she's like yes honey what
can I do for you and I'm like Amos
wiedemann can I go pee and I'm not lying
because I actually do need a pee by the
way oh I'm backtracking I had recruited
others so I told others of my manifesto
of we don't have to be here and I had
recruited others on my side and then I
told them my plan to escape and they
were on board and then I'm like deuces
this I mean I pieced out but I had
enough sense to know that I couldn't
leave the school necessarily because the
bus was what got me home and if I miss
my bus I'll have to walk home and that's
kind of lame and I didn't really know
when I have to walk home I also had like
after school care that I had to like
contend with and if I'm not on that bus
then my after-school care will know that
I wasn't there right like I thought
ahead y'all that's how to woke too smart
for my own good what I did was I hung
out at the school I went through the
library for a little while
roam the halls a little bit checked out
what the fifth graders were doing like I
was having fun I was living life and
then I wrapped it up once my fellow
colleagues had found me I wrapped it up
at the playground and we all met at the
playground and had ourselves a good old
time because for a solid 45 minutes we
were out there by ourselves no one else
was out there with us and it was golden
had the slide all to myself thank you my
tragic flaw in this whole endeavor was
that I forgot about the PE coaches
quickly notice that there were
unsupervised kids out on the playground
and were like they approached us and
we'll I worry all supposed to be yeah we
were like wherever we want to be haven't
you heard the manifesto ah yeah no
that's not gonna fly McFly so
surprisingly enough I didn't get in
trouble for this not at the school
anyway and get in trouble at the school
I remember going back to class I think
and like going about my day as usual but
then by the time my parents got me from
my after-school care something was a
muck apparently they had called them so
you know my father gets home my mom's
already home I think my father goes home
and he sits me down at the table because
is how this work like I don't know you
know whatever your views are on corporal
punishment and maybe this is that's a
whole another vlog all into itself um
but at this point you know my dad
whenever he would spank me or if I was
going to get spanked or punished there
was always a conversation there was
always like the before spanking
conversation the spanking and then the
after spanking conversation so he SAT me
down and he was like so your mom's not
happy and by this point I've learned
enough in my life and the adage has
absorbed into my skin with mom and not
happy nobody's happy right so I'm
already like oh man mom's not happy this
is this is serious he's like but I gotta
know like I have to know
what was your mindset going into this
like what did you you know um and I was
something that I loved about him he
always wanted to know my point of view
even if he didn't agree you always
wanted to know and I explained to him my
manifesto calmly it was like you know I
mean this makes sense right like we
don't have to be here I don't have to be
there and he was like so that is a
rational mind set that you got to but
here's the thing it's against the law
you actually do have to be there by law
so that's why I'm spanking you now
because you need to be there and you
need to be active and you to be
participating this is crucial you have
to get to college you know and so I got
my spanking and it sucked um but what
sucked even more was that you know I
come from a huge church family like you
know it takes a village to regent raise
a child like I've got my village you
know and it was all part of my church
family that I had grown up with
predominantly african-american church
you know and by the time sunday rolled
around I think this all just went down
like on a Tuesday or something by the
time sunday rolled around and my mom had
had time to vent to all of the church
family man i was getting it left and
right from like the church elders my
friends sisters mom was auntie like my
godparents even like borderlands spanked
me for it like everybody was just
roasting meat like dragging me on this
one thing i did i'm just like this is
absurd you know like I call ready can't
sit and now I got y'all just like you
know it was so frustrating us it can't
last like can somebody can I make a
mistake though I can I live my life you
know point of the story is I did not
skip school again until I was in college
and even then i did a second tape
because by the time you get to
university you're paying for all your
own classes so now it's like do I really
want to skip do I really want to lose
out on
one hundred and fifty dollars that I'm
just dropping they just distilled this
into me I remember and I remember like
in high school you know all my white
friends really we're gonna skip and go
to the mall and they'd be like police
you want to come and that's just like
you know bro I could totally get away
with it too like I probably could but if
for some random reason we actually get
cut I just can't go through that again
like I cannot y'all so y'all go do you
and I'm just going to stay and get these
grades and get these scholarships and go
to college and that's the story about
the time I skipped school and
kindergarten and never skipped school
again I'll see you when I see you
storytime take one face is oily this is
the being on my level zero ok
