hey everyone I hope you all are doing
well Mother's Day is coming up did you
get your mom something get her something
she birthed you on the subject of
femininity and womanhood I'm coming here
to you today to talk about menstrual
cups I was actually really debating on
if I wanted to make a video about this
because I guess I'm I still have those
internalized feelings of like no one
should know that you're on your period
or you should be having one and it's not
gross because it is a normal function of
being a healthy woman why can't we talk
candidly about periods huh-huh down with
the patriarchy that's what I say down
with it uh I'm here to talk to you about
menstrual cups guys so I purchased the
lunette cup from Amazon Prime for $30 I
currently use model two so I first
started using the lunette cup about four
or five cycles ago I think yeah it's
been like five cycles and I first
learned about it via tumblr somebody had
just posted like alternatives to tampons
and pads did you know that tampons and
pads have like a whole bunch of
chemicals in them that are actually
probably making your periods worse for
you and I was like no I didn't uh and
then I started doing more digging and I
was like oh my gosh pads and tampons are
like the devil oh my gosh oh my gosh
finally settled on the lunette cup based
on people's feedback other YouTube
videos I watched and I bought model 1 I
tried model I slowly incorporated model
1 into my regimen to the point where I
could use it for an entire cycle and
feel confident and comfortable in that
and then once that happened I basically
now only buy panty liners just as a
safety net just in case something
happens while I'm wearing it and it's
been great actually I actually I really
enjoy using the lunette cup so I'm going
to talk to you about some of the pros
and the cons of using a menstrual cup so
um the pros of using a menstrual cup
Pro number one savings there's an
upfront cost of $30 with this particular
brand of menstrual cup I have seen some
that are even more expensive than that
on Amazon like going up to 45 ish yeah
for me and my flow and how many pads I
use because I was predominantly a pad
where before this it paid for itself in
about two cycles and like I said I do
wear panty liners but I believe you can
get like fifty panty liners for like $3
or something insane number two healthier
for you so something that I had read
online but I didn't really believe I was
just like y'all can y'all lion you know
was that using the menstrual cup would
help alleviate cramping also reduce the
amount of menses that you have each
month and I read that and like all these
women were reviewing and talking about
how that was happening to them and I was
like but this last cycle that I had was
significantly lower and I have noticed
over the past two cycles that mutton
that I have been using the Metro Cup
completely full-time my cycle has gotten
less and less which is very interesting
to me and very quite fascinating because
you have to change the menstrual cup
look at how much menses you're producing
over the four to five cycles that have
used it was noticing the decrease in
like what is my heaviest flow day and
seeing like today's my heaviest flow day
and this is going down and that's
something that I think with pads I was
never able to truly understand because
with pads it just looks gross like
everything just it just looks like a
mess and it looks like so much blood you
know but with the menstrual cup because
it's a cup you can actually like measure
you know and get a gauge on wow I'm
producing this much or that much in the
span of ten hours or nine hours or ever
long you decide to keep it in remember
the max is twelve number-3
environmentally friendly I wasn't I
didn't go in trying menstrual cups
typically for this reason but you know
using pads tampons things like that you
are creating a lot of waste from that
type of from using those consistently
every month so using the menstrual cup
does cut down on that waste and if
you're a green person like if you're
really into being green and trying to
like minimize your impact on the
environment as a woman this could be a
really good alternative for you to pads
and tampons for not having to worry
about your period as much when you're
out in public so the thing that also was
a big selling point for me on the
menstrual cup being someone who has a
heavier cycle is that you can keep it in
for up to 12 hours at a time which for
someone like me who's on set or running
around doing things for production where
I'll be gone when I am out and about I'm
out and about like I'm gone you know so
even though changing out the menstrual
cup can be kind of like uh you really
don't have to worry about doing that at
like a public restroom for example
because more than likely you it will be
able you'll be able to keep it in and
wait until you get to a restroom that
you feel comfortable comfortable enough
to change it in now let's get into the
cons of using the menstrual cup there
are a few there are a few con number one
there is a learning curve to using the
menstrual cup it took a lot of trial and
error for me and insert it to where it
felt right wasn't like it wasn't like
waddling around and stuff and that took
a while you know when I insert my
menstrual cup I use what they call the
dip fold to insert it like that okay and
then pop it in you let it Boop and then
you know place it in you know to where
it feels comfortable okay and then it
stays and then when I am removing the
minstrel cup stick my finger in break
the seal like so
bring it just out to where corners there
and then I hold so that way it's not
like blah you know drop it in the toilet
on accident but that's a trial and error
to get to that point where it felt
comfortable doing that con number two I
mean if you just generally think your
own vagina is weird and gross and you
don't want to be in close proximity to
it very often getting a menstrual cup
might not be the right thing for you
because you will get to know your vagina
Khan number three once something that is
kind of like about the menstrual cup is
the fact that you do have to change it
so yeah your hands gonna get a little
bloody but like I said in the pros you
can wear them it's real cut for up to 12
hours so the four to five times that I
have worn the menstrual cup I have had
to change it in public once and that was
actually more because I felt like I
hadn't put it in correctly rather than
it absolutely needed to get changed so
anyway like I said I have been using the
lunette cup now for four or five cycles
and I have really enjoyed it like I said
there are many different brands do your
research find a brand that you think
work will work best for you and give it
a try in the comments below let me know
if you are on the menstrual cup train
and if you're not on the menstrual cup
train has this have I hated you are you
now woke to the menstrual cup did you
not know about menstrual cups before
let's get a conversation started or if
you don't use menstrual cups or tampons
or pads what do you use for your cycle
mm-hmm because you might mention
something in the comments below that
other women have not heard of that could
be the perfect alternative for them so
anyway that's me telling you about
menstrual cups because I just really
appreciate mine and I'm kind of bummed
that I just now learned about this at 24
go forth I'm imparting my menstrual cup
knowledge
on to you how many times can I just wave
this thing around and just freak all the
men out don't watch this video man
anyway I'll see you when I see y'all
ahead and roll yep
first clap take two
