we come father on this glorious occasion
God you promised us 70 years and my
reason why of 80 and God we have one
today that you have blessed to see her
80th birthday and we can truly say God
you have been good to her and you have
been good to all of us we thank you Lord
for the life and the legacy that you
have right here in our church we display
you for who she is and most of all God
we know she know you and that makes the
difference in all our lives these are
the words of my mouth God in the
meditation of my heart be acceptable in
thy sight O God my friend and my
Redeemer
and she say master amen
we're gonna ask everyone's just to say
it so the interest of the birthday lady
first question when and where were you
born
Maysville North Carolina
what year 1933 when really wasn't
anything to do but just working rest
what did you do the what work did you do
we worked in the fields chopping the
tobacco chopping corn taking it in you
know all that kind of stuff still not in
tobacco penny grew the reactor houses in
and all that kind of stuff
I barely remember my father he died when
I was very young in pneumonia and so I'm
very
just a brief member of him my mama first
tell me about what it was like when you
were a little kid we're on the farm you
owned the farm working and sometimes you
didn't get enough in until Christmas and
I remember the last year we found that
he came bought us a crater on just and
cinammon the courts and said if he
didn't make no money so that's when I
decided I had to get out of that cook
take it no longer I was 18 I had just
graduated from high school
did you already me granddad then no no
no I met him when I came to post the
first time I saw him he was he was in
the band and I see knock on band and he
was paying the big drums and I said oh
he's so cute I would like to meet him we
have to go it's a personal thing you
gotta go you got to go back cause when
you stand before Jesus you're not gonna
stand in the group it's just gonna be
you and him so the song is a perfect
song I go if I gotta go by myself
man we have another solo that soloist
that's coming now mrs. Rosen margit wait
till I get there
can you explain just talk about grandpa
and like when he looks like and who he
was
my husband he was tall and handsome like
your husband tall handsome and I tell ya
I saw him and that was it I said I want
to meet that handsome guy and he let me
go drum going down High Street yeah and
then what happened was I didn't get to
meet him
my girlfriend Catherine I had a friend
you know Notre Dame friend and I didn't
like him but he would take me to the
movie so I'm even go to the movies
though my girlfriend Catherine she came
up and she said who did that Kubica I
said do you want him she said yeah she
said I said take it so she took me she
went on down south then she her husband
told me peaceful my boyfriend and I gave
her her he said one day I might bring
you a boyfriend and he would bring guys
upstairs every weekend after no that's
not him no take him away he said I'm
tired of bringing these guys up being
you sending them away you know I said
I'm alone him take him away so my
husband had came to see her sister waits
ready to get off from work I went
downstairs and he was sitting in the
chair I said bring him upstairs that was
it
I said so sweet I love its fear
the to make my joy
and what do you miss the most about him
now that he's gone he's fried chicken I
really miss the edge every Thursday I
miss fried chicken and you're not found
him dead I mean how did how did he die
heart attack where was it in the
bathroom hanging over the bathtub
you're not found it yes he's sending you
have to see his mom and your grandmama
died and he'd been she died he said well
the Lord kept me here to make sure she
was okay and I told myself you need to
go and let them put his thinner
something he said at first he told me
we're gonna do it then he changed in
mind yes I go out for Christmas and he
changed his mind and so I kept saying I
said tall white you told me you were
born he said no no no he said for dad
die for live earlier you dad
I don't know come home that's a bad
mistake they grew up here is so good to
be known them the most wealthiest man in
the world
no one my mom - trash you never know
we're not like anybody
she kept me one time in church though me
along here right now look slip-on nicht
eyes
we're playing mushroom on tomayto
California it's my drama you know why do
we explain the road I'll put the money
in my pocket in your life so far my
three children me so who are they
dependent pretend that I don't know who
your children okay I do that oh this one
is Johnny the second one is is Linda my
little angel Hildur danger to me and the
baby it's just smart Tom Tony
afternoon learners right together
nothing I have to leave so Anthony can
get there and what did sad part about
the thing I'll get pregnant he tell
everybody you know she's pregnant again
like he had nothing to do with did you
want to have a lot of kids there just
outside I don't know have a woman I
caught I hate very bad everyone go ahead
to have c-section my stomach Johnny out
back then yeah see nobody knew them or
know it what it was and you only did it
at certain hospitals Catholic hospitals
will not do it you had to go to certain
hospitals and I made a mistake him in
over there I almost died I thought I can
died and we tell them go you know the
nuns came in they were looking down
I'm going to go girl I was sick I was
sick I just really was never had one
crazy pregnant lady there and everybody
ran run out of the room I couldn't you
know I couldn't do it so fine like that
I know the bed and crawl up on the
debate I don't know what these crazy
needed gonna do so they found me under
the bed
cuz she was acting crazy and doing crazy
stuff in there and it was a segregated
Hospital oh that movie the blacks were
in one section it was another
I greet you in the name of Jesus Christ
I am so blessed to be here all right
what did you do I was a housekeeper at
move your Hospital 30 how was it did you
like it I liked the break up until about
five years before when I retired it Oh
65 minute we would cut off someone's you
want
I love patients crazy you know and one
he was 21 I never forget him 21 years
old I go to his room he was in lockup
they would take him out and sitting out
with him and one day he got a walk just
walking away from him there and I looked
around there he's standing through the
door I couldn't get out of the room I
was in bedroom but I couldn't goodbye
him coffee with you when I got me honey
he grabbed me and he hugged me I started
praying I said lord please tell this man
to train me so lord please tell him to
train alone he collects his own just
drop you know so the next day I said
wait my baby somebody dance and they hug
you gave them qa1
heal many one years old they say I
killed look he gave me killed
Oh
all these beautiful singing nan I'm
gonna mix it all up
okay mo this is my finger song why
should I feel discouraged sing it and
five shadows oh why should my heart feel
lonely
sing it up shake it up and long for my
heavenly home for jesus is my ocean my
cause to free his eyes is on the sparrow
and I know he watches me the sparrow and
I know he knew I see
equals our free market size is all the
yes I know
what is the best thing about being 80
it's not a good thing I'm gonna tell you
why look I broke down I have a turn my
t-shirts falling out I thought this book
 they didn't play smut my teeth
falling out my back hurt can't hardly
walk sometime so I don't know nothing
good if I but I am grateful and thank
God for being able but you know you know
that's the owners good part God kept me
alive now 80 years of Annette it's no
it's not no fun
Jesus says do not let your hearts be
troubled trust in God Trust also in me
for as much as it has pleased Almighty
God in his great mercy to take them to
himself the soul of our sister we
therefore commit her body to the ground
earth to earth ashes to ashes dust to
dust in the sure and certain hope of the
Resurrection to the Lord Jesus Christ
who by the power that enables him to
bring everything under his control but
transform our lowly bodies so that they
will be like his glorious body amen
