hey everyone it's me Hollis endeavoring
to persevere as always so as you all
know I am not on any form of hormonal
birth control anymore but I did used to
be on birth control and getting on birth
control for me was actually a lesson in
my own internal self shame and I just
want to get on and kind of talk about
that because I feel like that is
something that women go through a lot
when seeking out contraception so even
though I first started having a period
at 13 I didn't get on birth control
until I was almost 19 if not 19 already
at that time my periods would last
around seven days and then for the first
three days the pain would be so intense
I was like just on a fixed I'd be
profane regimen for the first 72 hours
of my cycle and I just sort of suffered
in silence every month and so as mr.
Hollis and I became more serious in our
relationship he was just like dude every
month your life is terrible like you can
do something about this do something
about this for yourself you know like I
remember going into the appointment and
stuff like that and being like hi I just
um you know I wanted to it's fun I'm
just curious about you know the pill or
whatever because you know because of
what you think I mean I mean you know I
mean kind of because what you think sure
but like I mean but like I'm responsible
but you know like it's just my period
sucks also I got acne it's so the amount
of shame I felt just even broaching the
subject I look back now and I'm just
like why why which is part of the reason
why I find myself wanting to talk about
women's health topics on this channel
more because there really shouldn't be
any shame around it there's nothing
wrong with you for wanting to take
control of your own body and your own
health so that being said it's really
cool that this video is sponsored by
your ex which is a company that I can
truly get behind because they're
providing access maybe birth control
hormonal II isn't right for you that's
fine what I always want is for you to
make an informed decision and for you to
have the access to
make that informed decision and that's
what Newark provides it's an app that
you can use on your phone or via a web
browser that allows you to fill out all
required information and get your birth
control mail to you in unmarked
packaging they also can work with your
insurance providing you with the copay
necessary or if you don't have insurance
they have options for you as well in
Eric's now provides a variety of
different contraceptive methods you can
get plan B from them you can get birth
control from them you can also get
trovato for prep from them I got to talk
to their medical director and she's
pretty awesome our team would handle
patients and prescribe I've grown our
team from just myself to now sixteen
other advanced clinicians so physicians
nurse practitioners and physician
assistants and then we also have a team
of ten registered nurses to me there's
no way to say birth control is too
accessible like if people need birth
control it's because they need it and
it's not a matter of whether it's too
accessible or not too accessible or in
fact you know right now it's not
accessible enough that's why we have
pregnancies in this country being
unintended the sort of interesting
things about birth control and Truvada
car prep is there there's no physical
exam component required to safely use
either of those medications for birth
control we follow pretty strictly the
CDC guidelines that have very explicitly
laid out what sorts of conditions are
seen and not safe using birth control
and all the CDC requires is a blood
pressure for a patient that's the
closest thing to a physical exam
component but the CDC says that a
patient can soft report that blood
pressure to us so that's what we accept
when the Truvada side again we are
relying on the patient to provide us
good information and they're also we do
labs we have to do safety labs in order
to prescribe chapada for any patient and
we do those every three months when it
comes down to the health history there's
really no difference between what we're
asking patients to do and what a doctor
or nurse and a physical clinic is asking
so realizing that I had that level of
shame about something that is completely
normal it made me want to then ask my
friends the stories were interesting so
hmm
prepare yourself one time in college I
was in a relationship with someone and I
knew based off what it occurred I didn't
need Plan B but there's this paranoia
that I don't think enough women talk
about when it's like but maybe could
swim across the ocean blue so I thought
like you know what I'm gonna go to the
pharmacy closest to me and then I could
probably I didn't know at the time that
I could go through the drive-thru so
I'll just go in and you know don't even
worry about it I'll be fine I'll make
sure I'll go when no one else is in line
and that way you know I can be like I'm
here for the plan you know and not have
to be ashamed and I had this ring and I
decided for a very silly reason and I
was so mad at myself as soon as I did it
was to put that ring on my ring finger
so it looked like I was married yeah and
I'm just like oh I'm here for ya you
know talking to this pharmacy tech who
clearly didn't care you're just like
okay and I'm kind of whispering it so no
one else around me hears that a woman of
childbearing age had sex and possibly
make some soup of contraceptive because
of it for me it was other people telling
me okay well I I just use it to regulate
my period and I just use it for this
reason it's like well I'm actually using
for birth control how can I afford it
because this is expensive forty dollars
wasn't a lot but I was always forgetting
to take them so then I knew that
the next option was something that have
took all the time but I was way out of
cost it wasn't until I graduated
actually so four years of figuring that
out and then I graduated and my job my
first salary job paid for it
and so my district was a hundred percent
covered because I was preventative so
that's when I got on to nuvaring and I
was able to use that I have so many
stories oh my gosh I have so many
stories my first birth control
experience was when I was 17 and I had
my first boyfriend and I was like mom I
want to get birth control because my
period cramps are hurting me
I went to a summer program in New York
City and I thought my period was late
because I didn't know what it was like
to be on birth control
so then naturally I assumed I was
pregnant and instead of waiting it out I
called my mom immediately who also
freaked out so basically the first time
I went on birth control I had a
pregnancy scare for no good reason I
found someone add someone spoke of a
nearby clinic that did a $20 fix pricing
they do make you feel have a lot of
paperwork and the paperwork includes who
or your partner is how many partners we
had in last month and then you're
answering all these questions and I
almost feel like as I'm answering them I
wonder if they're asking should they
even bother with talking to me or
treating me or any of those things
so once I got on nuvaring I discovered a
service called nur X their customer
support is awesome so I'm a little shy
when it comes to talking about that
stuff at the pharmacy just because I'm
very aware not that like I don't care
about the pharmacists because it's their
job not to judge me like it's their job
to provide me with information but I
don't know who's standing around
listening to me I don't know who is
watching me pick up my birth control so
it's really nice not to have to do that
and be able to ask them questions within
the app and they have you know
professional answers instead of like
Google answers really I had made it so
much bigger of a process
it really needed to be and I had allowed
myself to really feel a sense of shame
for meeting it when there wasn't really
any that needed to have we are
definitely raised and conditioned to
think gosh if you need that you back so
by having it you're bad you're not
you're just just need it I need to take
full responsibility for the choices I'm
making and if I'm choosing to have sex
if birth isn't something I want out of
it then I need to prevent that if
confusing emotions is something I want
out of it I need to prevent that if an
STD isn't something I want out of it I
need to prevent that so I researched
almost on my own because I didn't want
to leave it to old wonder if someone has
a condom or I wonder if they're open to
have a conversation so it was it was
always neat just trying to make sure it
was preventative or back up so hearing
them tell their stories it makes me
really happy that a company like Marek's
exists maybe you don't want to be on
hormonal birth control right now that's
fine I'm not but I appreciate that now
there is another tool there's an option
for you available if it is something
that you decide later on down the road
you do want to entertain and if you live
in a location where seeking out
contraception is a little difficult for
you for a variety of reasons consider
checking out in your ex for your
contraceptive needs thank you again for
New York's for sponsoring this video if
you're interested in downloading the app
check the description box below for
details again you can also use them via
your web browser in the comments below
everybody be respectful but if you have
a story around your birth control
experience please let us know in the
comments below so that way we can see
that truly many of us have gone through
this and we're still figuring it out
we're still learning
I'm Hollies and I'll see you when I see
you
