what's up y'all this police I'm coming
from at you from my car because I don't
know why but this subbies question
popped into my head like after the fact
and his thought to myself I don't make
this video right now while I'm thinking
about it in my head I'm not gonna do it
so here I am sitting in my car just
outside of my apartment my apartments
right there and I'm just like yeah I'll
make this video in the car coming at you
from the iPad to make this video sub
asked a question what's it like being so
young and married and also where your
parents upset about it because you're
young so I am 24 I met mr. Hollis when I
was 19 we were engaged by the time I was
20 we're married
about a week after I turned 21 so yeah
so we've been married now for this year
we'll be celebrating our 4th anniversary
of being husband and wife lifelong
commitments all right
votes til death you know all that jazz
um what's it like being married so young
I just lived my life I don't really I
don't really look at myself first off my
mental state is the plays like 35 first
off I've always been kind of old at
heart and like kind of known Who I am as
a person you know so meeting someone who
was similar to that mr. hallease is
extremely introverted but very
compassionate you know but quiet
and yeah meeting someone like that that
I just dived with so quickly for me like
even when I when I was younger and the
future I didn't date many people and I
didn't not because people that guys
didn't approach me either
I just didn't date many people because I
could already see that some
characteristic they had wouldn't mesh
with mine personally even though I found
him attractive I knew something about
them wasn't gonna work so in my mind is
like why even like why even entertain it
then like that's that that's how I was
from the age of when I guess dating is
seen as appropriate to now so yeah I've
always kind of known who I was as a
person known what kind of people work
well with me so meeting mr. Holly so so
he goes great you know that being said
the first year of our marriage was very
hard it was extremely hard at the time
we were long-distance cuz we eloped
while we while I was in LA for
internships for production stuff and so
the first three months of our marriage
we weren't born in the same city and
then I moved back and graduate from
college and we started living together
and that was the first time we had ever
lived together our first like we got
married and then moved in together I
think a lot of people don't do that
anymore they like try each other out
and live together first which you know
kind of makes sense yeah before you
start getting stuff in your name what
not but yeah and so the first year was
hard
also because we were just like kind of
financially like low you know to and
that puts a lot of strain on
relationship so the first year was very
hard like I think we both seriously
considered you know rethinking
everything hard but it got easier and
now almost four years in I look at him
and it's a completely different type of
love than what I had for him when we
first got married or when we were first
I think in the deep throes of being in
love you
being in love is so fun and whimsical
and you know the highs and the lows are
though you know and sex everywhere all
that kind of stuff which is fun and
there are still we still definitely have
moments of that but there's a certain
amount of respect that I have for mr.
hallease now after like we've been
through some shit you know with each
other in just these almost four years of
marriage was like been through some shit
and I look at him now and it's it's it's
a different kind of love it's it's more
of respects and a honoring you know I
want to honor the fact that you stayed
with me I want to honor the fact that
you you know major sacrifices I made
mine you know vice versa I look at him
now and that's the other thing we've
grown so much together as people you
know mr. hallease is four years older
than me so I'm 24 he's 27 things about
to be 28 coming up yeah the sacrifices
we made for the each other the empathy
we've had for each other the commitment
it speaks so much more now and I look at
him now and I'm just like this was a
good decision as far as our parents go
if they were Matt or if they were mad
about us getting married so young no no
my parents got married literally around
the same age as me I think my mom was 21
and my dad was 23 maybe somewhere like
that
his parents were around our same age -
maybe a little a couple years older
maybe yeah I think they might have got
married like later - later 20s mid
late 20s when they got married I'm not
quite sure but either way no parents
weren't mad they didn't think it was
weird they'd already met mr. Ali's many
times and they could see they liked him
from the jump you know my parents liked
him a lot
his parents were mad that we eloped and
my parents were mad about that too
he'll talk but they kind of were like we
elope - so what can we really tell you
you know it's kind of hard to say don't
elope when your mother and I eloped and
we're still together and we're very
happy so you know but his parents are
mad about that because they're Hispanic
so they want you know very traditional
big Hispanic wedding tech thing and that
just wasn't my style or mr. ha Lisa's
for that matter so we eloped while I was
in LA and then we had a ring and vows
ceremony when I moved back and that was
when you know I kind of let his mama go
crazy with the decorations and I let my
mom go crazy with the invites and
basically did a whole like just let me
know the day and time and it will be
there in a white dress because I'm just
I'm I also wasn't that type of person
that ever actually never saw myself
getting married so young because I could
already because I could really tell who
I worked with and who I didn't and so I
didn't really think I'd ever find
someone that I meshed
so well with but that's a scary thing
when you start thinking that you're not
gonna find someone and you're you start
to totally get into that frame of mind
Saturday I'm fine by myself whatever
poof some dude gets thrown into your
midst you know or woman if that's how
you roll whatever however you roll you
know so and then in walks mr. hallease
and I'm like oh I guess there aren't
people for me so yeah I know
ooh sorry I don't really know what else
to say about that and that's all I've
got to say about that
but if you all want to know more about
just what I think about marriage in
general I guess let me know in the
comments below and I can because the
question was so broad so I really don't
you know uh I can answer more specific
questions about marriage in general as a
24 year old who's been married for most
of her adult life I can answer more
questions about it if you leave me a
question in the heart of timeless I'll
write comments below I won't answer it
and I will see y'all when I see y'all
