so here he is in all his glory it's a
1987 jeep grand wagoneer this is my
while I'm young and stupid car and I
don't have kids car the goal is to get
him back to his fighting glory and yeah
go ahead and go in and everything's
pretty much here on the inside I had him
checked out by my local mechanic to see
what was up with him CD player is right
there and need some work he'd some love
um seats look okay considering how old
this car is nineteen eighty seven seats
look okay he does start but it's really
really in the morning and he needs a new
transmission and he has some oil and
exhaust leaks so I'm not gonna start him
because he's really loud and he'll
totally wake up like the entire
neighborhood if I start right now um I
decided to buy him while I'm young and
stupid and I don't have kids and I like
him I know I've always liked bigger old
school SUVs I guess you could say and
yeah it was either this or a land
cruiser like the FJ 60s or the 62 s I
like those too but those are really hot
right now like everybody wants them so
people are asking ridiculous money for
them like so I found this one out in
shirts um and I love him he meets like I
said he needs a new transmission which
is a bummer
that's kind of expensive odometer
reading which I mean at this point why
would you even look at it but the
odometer reading is 260 thousand five
hundred and thirty-five miles um I am
the fourth owner of Jedediah that's what
I'm naming him because of the sticker in
the back but yeah this is my project car
this is my money pit this is my free
time fun love um I'll try to keep you
all up to date on how jedediah's doing
and what he's up to my father has been
restoring cars since I was a wee babe
and so some of it were off on me I think
I know a little bit more than that
average person about cars I know enough
I think to get by but I would not
consider myself like I'm not a mechanic
or anything like that so you know
there's things that I will try to do on
this car myself and the nerve things
that I will just pay someone to do like
the transmission I'm gonna work on the
little things that I can work on like so
in the some of the electrical
electronics in the door don't work some
of it like to that the two back doors
the windows don't go down probably try
to fix that myself um you know little
things like that I'm gonna fix because
those can those things can add up when
you're trying to restore a car and if
you can just do it yourself well that's
good Papa clams here and he brought food
chitlin delicious black eyed peas also
delicious gumbo delicious and a thingy
what hi dad yeah
ok
I can get internet or somebody to drive
me up here with your truck put on the
trailer and we'll take it Oh what take
magic uh yeah warming up the gumbo from
my mama she makes really good gumbo
chris is happy about the gumbo as well
and now he's singing queen mmm gumbo yum
yum yum yum yum yum yum so delicious so
delicious
good morning it's like 745 and I'm awake
sometimes I just wake up early i'm one
of those people and naturally wake up
early even when I don't want to but
that's okay mr. Hollis is gone you had
to work today at the hospital so that's
a bummer hi I'm gonna go to church today
because since I'm up so early I can go
to the early service a330 get my Jesus
in early in the moment and the church is
predominantly Caucasian so they've got
like a designated in time to their
services remember the first time I went
to this church I was sitting there
fairly sang like three songs and it was
like the sermon I was like what we
already had the sermon and then it was
like ocean app oh we're done that was
WOW but the sermon is really good the
main pastor is really good and the
sermons are good I usually even if it's
not particularly for me it's not every
sermon is going to be for you you know
some people need to ascer- you not so
much and that's okay but usually at
least like in every sermon there's some
aspect of it that I can attribute to my
life used to better myself walk with
Jesus and all that kind of stuff so you
know
a sermon is pretty good which is why i
keep going back so yeah so early man i
don't have time to have breakfast too
mmm Who am having chitlins for breakfast
we all got presence of sugar mmm
chitlins pulled the family friend who
makes them and she cleans I'm really
good bouticks users like a vinegar lemon
mmm red pepper flake concoction to cook
them for those of you don't know if
chitlins are pig intestines that have
been boiled for a while they're really
stinky the only have them during the New
Year's templates are very fatty they're
very fatty and you really you know
unless you're working on a farm or are a
slave you really shouldn't eat them very
often because they're very fatty but
growing up I didn't like them might we
would always get them around new years
and it did not like them and then one
year but I would always try it because
I've you know like it's my culture and
what I know the food I don't always try
it and then one year I ate him and I was
like this is really good all right
church was good I feel renewed restored
the largest Christ which is good
I'm actually now going to head down to
San Marcos about a 45 minute drive from
here to go see my friend Brittany she
lives in San Antonio and she's on our
masters program right now so and we live
in two different cities so it's kind of
hard for us to catch up face-to-face but
I'm actually gonna drive down there to
go see her we're gonna meet halfway in
san marcos and have lunch and maybe do
some shopping hello all right wing to
the root cellar cafe is this the door
okay I think it's the door all right
what'd you get oh my god
she's a dietician so that's why she got
that I got me we outchea shop in Oh gap
logo product placement there's another
one nike stuff thank you ready oh yeah
TV stuff to go running outside i'm very
excited about that she's really in shape
and stuff i just want to run a 5k maybe
a half marathon don't know oh right
we're going to the north face store and
one of those people
whatever those people are anyway I need
a nice coat though so we're gonna go
check this out by the way our lunch was
amazing it was amazing this is very good
if you're ever in san marcos you should
go there what was it called root root
cellar cafe root cellar cafe people are
looking at us because it's weird cuz
we're floggings while we walk here we
are update North based stuff we both got
north face stuff and a sheet for super
cheap super super cheap I'm very happy
about our shopping journey today I am
too because we never done here should
make this a yearly thing yes especially
since we found out the prime time to go
shopping at said northeast or we're not
telling you although no don't want y'all
to take away the good deals will tell
you when we go yeah and then you can go
next year exactly got me north face
jacket on sale got me a north face
jacket on sale got me a north face
jacket on sale strolleys his home from
the hospital but he's sick very sick
lover day well you sorry he's not dying
but apparently according to the staff he
sounds like a sexy man now with a sexy
man sick voice everywhere I look around
the old state safe drivers program
you're in good hands with allstate what
is really deep love yes you should take
something sexy is pain whatcha makin
mexican hot chocolate I'm gonna say it
sexily chocolatier miss you guys
chocolate the weekends pretty much over
so i guess this vlog is done
you
