Thursday Thursday's are for Shonda and
here working this is why I don't do like
a day-in-the-life blogs because this is
my life is sitting at my home office
working in front of my computer editing
stuff producing stuff emailing people I
hate how interesting tumblr is I hate it
I'm addicted and I shouldn't be but I am
it's so interesting all right it's
around 3:30 or so this is the time that
I usually take the dog out where's my
dogs she's in here
being lazy poop anybody hey my old fart
stretch it out yeah come on let's go now
you can really see couch I know either
adjust everything again are you doing
buddy doing good rescue dogs because
rescues are cool that's like an Austin
thing to we're all about like rescuing
dogs and stuff
I mean look at them look at her so cute
tough when you do that that's not cute
sometimes another dog comes over it up
say hi good how are you doing it's ball
it's ball
alright alright so
a little back story on Dakota she's in
Australia and Shepherd it's like
something that this is something that
people do and they have a rescue dog we
have to tell you the backstory on them
so Dakota is an Australian Shepherd
Cattle Dog mix that my husband and I
rescued the first year that we came
well I'd already been in Austin for
college but the first year that I moved
back after graduating so she had just
been in two admitted into the shelter
and I saw her there she was pretty beat
up
because she'd been attacked by another
dog and she'd been and that's why she
had been surrendered it was because she
was attacked by the other dogs that
lived at that house
so yeah they didn't really know much on
her but she stole my heart because she
was always like even at the shelter she
was really cool and relaxed and chill
and all she wanted to do was bench and I
was like this dogs so easy we should
totally adopt her and mr. Hawley says
like okay fine oh yeah by the way it's
like November but we had our little cold
front but now it's like 65 degrees again
so that's great
here waiting for Shonda I always say
Shonda Chandra Shonda Shonda Shonda
Sangha shotgun bones shot max scandal
pilot post said what he said he was like
this was how it used to be I used to
love you
now I don't just give me an impromptu
you
the thing about UFO whoa it's still on
you what made you decide to start your
YouTube channel really why officer Nate
and this beautifully Shea moistures skin
no no glistening under those those Kino
lights
I mean yeah I'm not really here for
anybody either
like confirmed he's probably a sociopath
he don't look hard no its back on uh so
I blow dried my hair it's Friday and I
blow dried my hair today uh I don't I
don't know how I feel about it I don't
know how I feel about it but I did it
but yeah I have a lot of hair guys it's
not very long but there's a lot of it
I used the Conor blow dryer it's the
Infinity Pro like three and one thing it
like combs it as it blows dries it my
initial thought I'll do like a proper
video review I guess but my initial
thought is if you're gonna use this and
you're not big on like being super
detangled like me be ready for this to
make your hair super detangled and be
ready for it to get the tangles out but
probably not in a way that you would
like cooking a beef time today usually
slow cook it so yeah the tongue of a cow
yum yum
yum yum yum yum condemn them yum yum yum
yum yum
it's Saturday there's a rumble outside
now I'm very tired still but now I
actually kind of need to get up because
I'm driving to San Antonio
Papa Clem
making a video I was just fun to kind of
document your life a little bit so we're
still here at my parents ended up
staying because there was lots of
thunders and boom booms and it's not
safe to drive so I just stayed probably
gonna head back today
let's go see the moms up - yeah is dad
up loud camera out to see my mom see you
later you close the door for me yeah
well alright love you too
back home at the house at the hizzle did
the whole domestication thing y'all
can't see me you know clean the
apartment mopped went to the grocery
store your local h-e-b got the food
ready for the week bought a Swiffer
WetJet that thing is awesome
slow cooking some Mexican soup it's
called called old it is
let me know if I'm pronouncing that
wrong still trying to work on my Spanish
I'm dueling going it up like a mofo but
yeah I don't think traditionally you add
green peppers but mine we're about to go
bad so I use them that'll be on there
for another 45 minutes or so
so yeah
