all right guys hi hello
sorry I'm late with this video work was
a little bit hectic / I was just a hair
lazy
I'm here with week four of the wash and
go reviews I don't really have much to
add week four was great I pretty much
did the same thing that I did in week 3
if you haven't checked out that video I
basically show a step by step outside of
the shower but step by step how I take
care of the wash and go the only thing
that's really changed this week is that
I've noticed that I can skip days not
necessarily of skip days of getting my
hair wet but I can skip days of using
conditioner to detangle my hair which is
crazy awesome
secondly I don't need to leave
conditioner in my hair anymore now I can
actually leave only leave-in nothing
else and it works my hair is moisturized
for the entire day which is blowing my
mind guys my mind is blown this is
really cool um this regimen is really
cool it's working for me I don't know
it's working but yeah I'm still using
the natural line the cool moisturizing
souffle the not out conditioner and
everything's going great I'm actually
almost out of the not out conditioner
I'm probably going to buy dark and
lovely recently just came out with a UH
what's the word
another type of a conditioner that does
something different besides this one
which is anti shrinkage it's like a
thing when you don't want your hair
breakage anti breakage dark and lovely
just came out with an anti-breakage
shampoo that is of a similar vein to
this one so I'm almost out of this so I
think I might try it now one thing I am
gonna review mm-hmm while you're here
and while you're watching its prangs Hey
so as you all know I got this regimen
idea from Cynthia's YouTube channel
link to her YouTube channel in the
comments below and she has a company
hashtag black girl beauty brands that
creates hair accessories and one of the
accessories she's created is Springs and
this was something that she designed
once her hair started getting longer and
doing the daily wash and gos was getting
kind of difficult because she just had
so much hair I can really relate to her
because her hair is very dense and I
feel like if my hair ever achieves that
length it will be of a similar nature a
similar Beast I went ahead and purchased
two packs of the springs classic in
silver you can also these also come in
black just these black tipping's cover
the entire thing um if you follow me on
instagram you'll you will have seen
every now and then I posted a picture of
myself with the springs in my hair in
general I think these are will be so
helpful for me if and when my hair gets
past 10 inches for me right now they
just take up too much time
which isn't a horrible thing it's just I
don't care enough to stretch my hair out
right now and it's not it's also not a
necessity for me right now
you know she invented this out of
necessity because she was noticing that
her hair was just the shrinkage was too
detrimental at that length you know but
when it does start to become detrimental
I am definitely gonna pull these out and
use them every now and then I do feel
the urge to kind of stretch my hair out
in a non-invasive way and these are
great for that
so I'm definitely keeping him and I
definitely would recommend them the only
thing that I didn't like about the
thieves the stainless steel ones is that
my hair would get caught when I was
putting them on my hair would get caught
on this bottom one because they are the
gel tipping's
are a little bit raised from the steel
and so yeah my hair get caught on these
bottom ones and so much so that I see I
was using them I would just take these
off I would take the bottom one off but
I wanted to buy these silver ones so
that way when I took it Instagram
pictures with them in my hair you could
see them
so here's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
ahead and just get my hair a little wet
it's getting a little wet yeah getting
it wet so it can just stretch out a
little bit and so the way she says to do
it is to twist your hair so that way all
the strands are like you know localized
to one area and then put it on don't
judge me I don't have any makeup on
there we go and you see it just twist it
till it's and see you like right I'm
getting I can see it getting a little
caught on that black tip on the bottom
and then once it's on you can let go and
now it's on and it's not going anywhere
the other way you can put it on and this
is the way I learned how to do this use
these types of tools or these types of
jewelry when I have locks was I would
take the hair and just put the hair
through like that and you know that's
another way you can do it too and then
gravity just does the rest as your hair
dries it stays nice and straight and
they'll closer to the bottom you put it
the more of a stretch you're gonna get
the closer to the top you put it the
more it's gonna stretch out just your
roots so it's really more of your
preference what you want to be you know
the most stretched I wanted to get the
max stretch so I always like if I'm
going to take the time to use these I
wanted to get the max stretch so I
always kept them pretty low like down
here so yeah and then when it was done I
just flipped it off so yeah I know guys
I don't know uh Leaney questions down
below you know I don't know I don't know
I don't know I don't feel like I have
anything else I can really tell you
except just try it you know you've
watched four videos on it
just try it just do it if you don't like
it try it for at least a month though
seriously
my hair is responding way differently
now to the regiment than it did during
week one didn't than it did during week
two like
each week was something different my
hair responded in a different way oh and
another thing that I really like about
this regimen was that often times I felt
like I would try a new product on my old
regimen when I was only washing my hair
once a week and it would take a long
time for me to see if the product worked
but doing it this way where especially
when you're trying to find a good
conditioner a conditioner that you like
doing it this way where you're using the
conditioner every day you can see what
the impact of the conditioner will be on
your hair that much sooner over a month
I tried what seven eight nine ten
different hair products and by the end
of the month I figured out which hair
products worked best which hair products
I liked and now it only took a month and
I feel like I have a solid regimen for
daily wash and gos I don't know I'm just
hope you're talking real talk
I'm just up here chit-chatting with
y'all anyway send me comments questions
thoughts meditations if you will on the
regimen let me know if you're gonna try
it and if you do try it make a video
share sharing is caring and I will see
you
you
