alright guys what's up we're doing
voiceover this week yeah yeah I know
that I said I was going to review
Springs on my Instagram if you follow me
on Instagram I lied overview that next
week I just have so many people
requesting like how I do this whole
entire regimen that I just figured I
should go make a video so for this week
I've been using a new natural anti
shrinkage line that you can see I really
love this stuff it's pretty amazing
I use the not out conditioner the coil
moisturizing souffle and the ten-in-one
styles Yoo Lian it's just 1001 gel and
they work awesome the cleanse my hair
I've been experimenting with hibiscus
tea I really like this stuff it brings
out the natural highlights in your hair
and is a mild clarifier I fill it up to
about 8 ounces and then add one ounce of
the indian healing clay I use needle
more measuring cup guy and give it a
shake this is my hair completely
saturated I was gonna try to shoot it in
the shower but that just didn't work out
so here we are and hai vertically part
plan add it directly to my scalp and I
just do that for my entire head you can
do the same thing if you're gonna use
shampoo whatever you're using to clarify
and vertically part your hair all the
way around your head from the center to
the end and apply whatever cleansing
agent you are using directly to yourself
and once you feel like you've gotten it
all over your scalp good then just start
applying it all over the rest of your
hair
and then give your head a good rinse
what I really love about the clay and
hibiscus tea is it really makes my curls
pop
please my hair without stripping it so
now I'm going to detangle using the
conditioner I apply a generous amount to
my entire head and I really focused on
trying to really work it into my hair
and coat all the strands as much as I
possibly can so that way the detangling
process is that much easier and the
loose hairs come out that much more
rubbing it in there good I'm really
focusing on this part of the video
because a lot of people have asked how
exactly do you detangle and this is what
I do as you can see it's finger pulling
I'm just slowly moving slowly but
meticulously kind of pulling up my hair
and getting the shed hairs out and this
is essentially what I do for my entire
head systematically all around see
there's a knot
there it goes and there's a there goes
so yeah this is what I do for my entire
head the whole process takes about maybe
10 minutes maybe if that I mean it
really just depends on how meticulous
you want to be I mean you can detangle
it until the cows come home and still
you know miss some so I mean try not to
stress it too much I mean definitely
don't let huge knots you know start to
form in your hair but you're gonna wet
your hair again and get it the next day
so you know just keep that in mind so
once I'm finished with all of that and I
feel like I've detangled enough I give
my hair a good rinse and the rinse is
really how I let the water weigh my hair
down and get the remaining tangles out
if there are any more so here's my hair
post conditioner and detangling once
again nice and fluffy and soft curls
that I do have are starting to show
themselves even more at this point
pretty awesome
I give my hair a good shake just to get
the excess water off I didn't do this on
camera they want my camera to get wet
but yeah give your head a good shake at
this point and now we move on to the
evens
so for the leave ends I take the coil
moisturizing souffle and I work it into
my hair the directions on there stay
it'll work it in from root to tip so
that's what I do I work it in from and I
find that this add just enough pull to
really kind of mildly stretch out my fro
I mean not you know don't expect your
fro to like maintain a crazy amount but
you know it helps and then I add the gel
I don't add a lot of gel because I just
don't want to have a lot of gel in my
hair and it become crusty I find that a
little bit of gel goes a long way and
this gel has a really nice
hold to it you say yeah I work that in
as well around my entire head like so
and then I give my head one final shake
and this is what helps to set my curls
to where they're gonna lay and how
they're in a way and you know all that
kind of fun stuff but I could keep my
hair that long so well anyway wrap it in
a towel to get rid of the excess water
at this point and I go about my day I go
ahead and like you know moisturize my
skin put some deodorant on that kind of
stuff get dressed so it's been like ten
minutes later all the excess waters off
of my hair and I give my head a good
shake and now my I measures like 50% but
I guess it's just damp you know the
towel really soaks up a lot of the water
so yeah I just kind of give my head a
lot of good shaking if you want to put
some music on you can do that you hear
it into the heavy metal or something and
yeah this is what my hair looks like by
the end as you can see all the coils and
curls are nice and defined and it's
purty now what I'm doing is what you
shouldn't be doing don't touch your hair
at this point let it dry the more you
touch it this is me saying don't touch
it the more you touch it the more you're
going to mess up the curl ringlets that
have formed so just keep shaking your
head every now and then and you'll be
good about ten minutes later my hair is
shrunk into pretty much as much as it's
going to shrink and as you can see all
the little curls and coils are there all
the little flyaways are the parts of my
hair that for some reason have just like
a weird texture
I don't know away from the rest of my
for a through C hair so yeah there's
weird anyway so yeah this is a video I
hope this helped now just hook this help
