hey guys I just wanted to get on real
quick and show y'all what my hair looks
like without any product at all
I just every now and then I will go
through this phase or like for a week
I'm like I'm not gonna do my usual hair
regimen aside for moisturizing like I'm
not going to do roll tucking pins or
twist it up or anything like that I'm
just gonna let it shrink for a week and
just you know deal with it next week you
know cuz sometimes you just don't know
you just don't feel like doing it and
you just gotta let your hair be your
hair you know to me so this week is that
week for me um and so I figured oh I
should get on and show them what my hair
looks like without any product at all in
it so I just got out the shower use my
coconut cohosh to wash my hair and yeah
this is without me putting any
moisturizer or anything back into it I
am gonna do my LOC method again which is
aloe vera juice with water as my leave
in a mixture of oils as my oil and then
my DIY cream that I created to seal
everything in so here's a close-up of my
hair and yeah very kinky very Kweli as
you can see um I like it yeah and the
reason why I sometimes call myself or
why I categorize myself as 4b 4c it's
like sticking out cuz I'm full you know
s4 before C is because every now and
then there's one of these guys I don't
know if it's easy for you to see him
like really close to the light but
there's these little s curls very tight
there's one right there s curls
throughout my head mixed end with the
coils so that's why I classify myself as
4b 4c because while most of my hair
doesn't really have so much of a defined
pattern there are little like patches
that are really defined like over here
there's a lot of curls like I don't know
why but this patch is curly and then
like this patch is curly over here I
don't know it's a really way but um
that's why I define myself as 4b 4c and
just to give you an idea of how much it
shrinks it's almost done shrinking it's
still a little damp so it's pretty much
done it might shrink just a hair more
but it's pretty much finished but to
give you an idea how much my hair
shrinks okay that's the back which is
the shortest part of my hair I would say
and then the side if I can like and do
it without putting the phone down I
didn't feel like setting up my camera
cuz I just know sometimes you just not
feeling it okay I put the phone down so
that way I could like really stretch it
for you but like the top though you know
just to give you an idea I mean like
back up there we go
so you can really see how much force e4b
hair or just curly coily hair in general
shrinks it shrinks quite a bit and I'm
gonna go down again hold up and there's
like the side so you see it's shrunken
by like I don't even know like more than
50% definitely but yeah I don't know
every now and then I'm just kind of like
I'm feeling it I'm rocking it deal with
it you know um detangling it does kind
of suck the next week but I don't know
you live and you learn
I haven't used a comb on my hair for
almost a year and I don't know I've just
learned to accept finger detangling and
the process of it and it doesn't really
bother me that much anymore I'm just
sitting to watch you know a marathon of
law and order and the finger detangle so
yeah that's my hair or this is my hair
without any product or being manipulated
ratchet or anything like that just
wanted to get on here and show y'all see
you around
