so today is the last day of Veda vlog
every day in august i did a horrible job
of vlogging every day in August because
you know I'm not gonna explain myself do
you have a life to live all right I mean
it just I have a life to live and bills
have to get paid and sometimes I'm lazy
so there I said it there's the real
reason and I work too but it's probably
like eighty percent laziness so sorry
youtube world but doing Veda um did show
me that I can be on YouTube and be
persistent about it and make videos and
enjoy it because this month was pretty
busy and I still did almost every day
not really i think i mislike seven days
sorry but i learned so much and met some
new people along the way really cool and
I don't have any bloopers sorry um I
feel like I'm gonna definitely keep this
up and try to be more consistent with my
videos that being said if you haven't
watched the ask a black girl videos
please do and leave me some questions
because it's been about a month since i
made episode 2 and i think i should
probably do episode 3 soon so yeah if
you watch them and hopefully enjoy them
i hope you get that there's a terrible i
hope you understand that but you know
that's the price of like trying to be
funny you hope that people are laughing
with you and not at you moment of
silence for the people that are laughing
at me yeah but anyway if you could
comment on those that would be great
good or bad hey good or bad comment
definitely gonna start doing more like
hair tutorial stuff and because that's
like what I know that's what that's what
YouTube is for me it's hair tutorials
and you know being one with the rest of
the African American
and that kind of thing and just being
kind of quirky too sometimes so yeah but
this this was a good experience I'm
really glad that I did this and I'm
really glad that some of y'all actually
like watched it like consistently I know
some people are like I only get like 30
views and I was like I would look what I
got 30 views 30 people watched that what
like I was super i'm still super excited
when I see that hope I'm possibly
depressing but whatever um so yeah stick
around stay and I hope you see y'all on
the internet you know I just finished
watching orange is the new black like
five minutes ago oh my god if you were
not watching that show that's going to
be my I'm going to make a video about
just my response to that it's going to
be definitely a spoiler alert type of
vlog so if you haven't watched a show
and you're like one of those people that
gets mad about knowing what happens
before you actually watch it i'm not one
of those people I don't mind if someone
tells me like the whole entire season of
a show because to me I'll still want to
just see it you know what I mean I don't
know I'm that I'm weird like that I
don't know but I'm going to make a
response video of the orange is the new
black because that was crazy and there's
so much I just want to discuss about
that show that shows awesome if you're
not watching that show you should watch
that ship netflix streaming netflix is
like 10 bucks a month like just do it
just do it already okay pretty sure this
is a fourth or fifth time I've endorsed
netflix hey netflix if you want to pay
me to endorse you go right ahead anyway
police out
