hey guys so today is Monday it's back to
school for all of the young minions of
the u.s. Oh at least here in Texas
anyway I don't know about the greater
the United States I don't know if
they're going back yet but everyone's
gone back to school including the
colleges and universities which brings
me to my next point I am currently
taking an introduction to engineering
class for the fall semester you remember
a couple of Vedas back we're supposed to
talk about bucket lists and one of mine
was to become an engineer of what I do
not know but to become one huh and that
is what i am doing I am pursuing that
bucket list goal of becoming an engineer
um maybe try to incorporate it somehow
into my video making thing that I do I
don't know how maybe special effects or
something like that I don't know but I
am currently taking an interaction
engineering class at the local community
college first and then you know finish
out their little associates program and
then transfer over to probably UT most
likely so I have actually been working
on this Oh pretty much I almost right
after I graduated actually taking one
class at a time because the career I
have right now I actually really like
and enjoy a lot but um I don't know
engineering is something that's always
interested me and if I could go back I
think I would have just double majored
from the beginning and just stayed you
know the extra amount of time and gotten
both degrees but I didn't so yeah making
up for lost time but I'm only 23 so I've
got time right I've got a little bit of
time not too much time but a little bit
time oh BTW i turned 23 on the
twenty-third of august which is why i
didn't post a video because i was
celebrating with my hubby while we were
in DC
so that was fun we got to stay at this
really nice hotel and drink wine and be
young and by young I mean just sleep in
be lame so that was really fun I am
officially 23 now and apparently no one
likes you when you're 23 um I feel older
but none the wiser so take what you want
from that but well I take that bag I
mean I feel like I've learned some stuff
and I'm a better person for it you know
right like I mean I think so I still
feel like I'm winging it though feel
like you're just always winging life
well you're just you try to plan but
you're just you're just winging it and
you only get one chance supposedly so I
don't know that's neither here nor there
point of the story I'm 23 yay and I
don't really put a lot of salt worth and
birthdays honestly anyway I'm 23 today
or not today but last week and I am
working on things off of my bucket list
which is the main point of this video is
to tell you that I'm doing that I'm
going out there and I'm making my dreams
happen you should too you should to see
you tomorrow
