today is Jeffersonian wait Jeffersonian
uh too much bones say is this missoni
day and we're about to go to the natural
history museum should be fun
you should check out the information
like the mattress
Oh
I'm just hanging over here wondrous it
is a very big glorious
and write that
I feel like I'd be a slow read the Mars
Willoughby's about to death
look at
african buffalo
do you evolve technology brain startups
tire plow part of codeine and sliced
bread
brontosaurus
we're at the air and space museum now
there's a
cool
one of the Wright brothers first place
is advertising on the bottle apply some
grape drink
why
yum yums in our time zones around appear
and we're having
Betty's so
this is exciting and I'm now you don't
have to film this planet I just want to
see him you said you wanted to get video
of you eating it talking about how are
you done
cuz
so day two is done and Smithsonian was a
was a fun day wrapped it up with some
awesome seafood from the waterfront and
that was delicioso yum yums in my tum
tums I mean orgasmic on Saturday we're
actually probably going to have blue
crabs for dinner so I will be shooting
that had a lot of fun fun fun memories
today and I will be seeing y'all ma√±ana
I'm so tired we're so exhausted pretty
sure we've walked like a million miles
if we could just see you tonight anyway
we've walked a lot and we're tired and
uh there's so much to do so little time
see you tomorrow
