hey excuse the giant red head wrap i'm
currently in the middle of deep
conditioning my fellow naturals you know
what that means um so I'm behind on veda
again no surprise there but we're going
to go back and do the last few Vedas the
Vedas we're going to cover today are if
I was on the Olympic Committee what
sport would i add and the next one
something I'm still angry about and also
for today vlogging like it's 2003 so
we're gonna start with the most
depressing one first you can probably
hear my dog panting in the background I
just took her out for the day but
starting with the most depressing one
first the thing I'm still angry about is
definitely more the thing I'm so angry
about is definitely the Trayvon Martin
case um was i surprised by the verdict
no I wasn't surprised but it still hurt
just as much I think for me as an
african-american it hurt because you
know I love this country I love being an
african-american and i love the ideals
of this country being that you can no
matter where you're from supposedly you
can you know start from nothing and make
something of yourself and do it
completely on your own and whether
you're born into royalty or not that
doesn't matter you can be anything and
everything that you want to be here as
long as you are honest and good hearted
and you know work hard and as an
african-american seeing that case
unfolded um it hurt me because while I
do feel that we as a country have come
so far it was also just a blatant
reminder of how far we still have to go
and what I made it you know more
considerably harder for me was realizing
that you know the potential that my
future son
might is going to have to be taught to
presents himself in a certain way all
the time that maybe his fellow friends
of other races will not have to think
about well think not even think twice
about and having that conversation with
my hispanic husband was tough because it
basically made him realize that there
are things that our future children are
going to have to rely on me to teach
them as an african-american because nine
times out of ten they will probably look
more of african descent than hispanic so
you know that was a tough conversation
to have with my husband too and i think
it really put things into perspective
for him as well um you know being in an
interracial relationship so yeah that
verdict really hurt and it's gonna hurt
for some time I think it's it's um it'll
be interesting to see the aftermath of
the verdicts long-term aftermath I mean
the immediate aftermath has been you
know interesting but it'll be
interesting to see the long-term effects
of what this trial means for this
country so that's what I'm still mad
about and yeah that's not going away
anytime soon so we got rid of the very
very sad one that's why I wanted to do
that one first to get it out of the way
I hate I just get the bad news out of
the way first um the second one if I
were part of the Olympic Committee mmm
Quidditch real talk i would add
Quidditch to the Olympics I'm not gonna
sit here and try to explain the rules to
you go read Harry Potter one but I think
it would be fun but see i would add
Quidditch and I would want there to be
like real brooms and stuff like real
talk I don't know how we would engineer
up a flying broom but we make that
happen quick so that Quidditch can be a
real sport because that would be super
exciting and I would totally watch that
and want that at the Olympics and and
finally vlog like it's 2003 so in 2003
depending on what time of the year
I was either 12 or 13 so um when I was
12 or 13 the one thing that I did the
most was go to the movies because
there's not that much in San Antonio
besides go to the movies so if i were to
vlog like it's 2003 what i would be
talking about mostly is what movies are
coming out um the Lord of the Rings had
just come out at that time so you know
JRR tolkien and um another awesome
movie that came out that year was
finding nemo it's about this awesome
little fish that loses his gimp son and
he has to go find them and we finally
realized that all kids do know how to
memorize addresses if you just ingrained
in them p sherman 42 wallaby way sydney
and Dory is adorable just keep fishing
just keep fishing what do we do oh just
keep fishing hahaha just keep swimming
what do we do we swim swim swim you know
that was a fun one pirates of the
caribbean the curse of the black pearl
the first pirates of the caribbean comes
out oh my gosh johnny depp plays Jack
Sparrow awesome awesome movie and then
he just went downhill from there but the
first one was tons of fun the second
installment of the matrix came out in
2003 The Matrix Reloaded and by then
Neil has accepted that he is a he is
basically the one or within the realm of
the matrix Jesus Christ and is also
found all of his life so that was a fun
one that was a fun we're going to see
The Matrix Revolutions the last
installment also came out that year as
well I didn't realize that there was
much of a break between the two of them
huh maybe probably shot them at the same
time I bet you they probably just shot
them all
bruce almighty came out that was a fun
one with what's his name Jim Carrey yeah
with to carry he basically gets the
power of God for a short amount of time
and you know havoc ensues um bad boys
too yeah that came out oh and finally
the last samurai a unrealistic depiction
of a white man helping a whole bunch of
japanese samurai in the last dance to
help the Emperor of Japan realized that
he should not be involved with the
Western world it's a very unrealistic
depiction because you know anything
about samurai culture that would just
never happened so those from the movies
but it was a fun movie is a fun movie
you know it can't be Tom Cruise so those
were the highest grossing movies that
came out in 2003 I did see every single
movie that is on that list Oh x-men two
x-men 2 also came out I can't remember
if that one was good camera if someone
was good yeah it probably was okay it
was ok probably but yeah I saw all 10 of
the highest grossing movies for that
year I am a movie freak um yeah I saw
all of those I really did anyway that is
my vlog for today I'm going to try this
new thing of vlogging in the morning
before i start my work and see if that
maybe works hope for the best on that
see y'all tomorrow
