you
so yesterday i got my iphone 5 and i
really like it it's pretty awesome I
actually used to have all HTC phones we
started out with the very first HTC evo
back end I don't even know what year
that was and then I upgraded it to the
little HTC evo the desire and now I
decided let's break away from HTC for a
hot minute and try something else so i
have the iphone 5 and i've had it for
roughly not even 24 hours yet and i
enjoy it immensely today we're supposed
to blog about like stereotypes or
something like that and i kind of don't
want to so I'm just going to talk about
my iphone and how much I love it um took
me like 10 minutes to download all the
apps that I wanted most of them being
Instagram Twitter Facebook and Tumblr
duh now i'm taking awesome pretty
pictures of my dog all the time she's
pretty annoyed but but i don't care and
i also figured out how all these people
on Instagram take pictures without it
being a perfect square and it's a little
app called no crop downloaded that
really quick and now my pictures can be
in sixteen by nine crazy awesome and I
think that's all i've downloaded so far
i still am staying true to some of my
android love so i do have google maps on
here and Google+ and Google Hangouts
still have all of that I enjoy it I
haven't tried regular maps yet but I
heard that it's not so great so that's
why i downloaded
Google Maps because I'm not trying to
get lost today but if anyone's got any
cool apps that I should download do let
me know and i will try them out one
thing that this iphone does not have
that i'm really sad about that the
android phones used to you or do is this
app called pocket it's an app that
basically stores all of your like
personal login information and things
like that without without like any type
of developer knowing what it is so it
does it through dropbox and like in
crypts all your logins through dropbox
and so it's like you have your dropbox
account it links to that and every time
you update it on your phone it links and
saves it and updates it to your dropbox
and i really miss that app because being
a freelancer there are so many things
that I have to sign into like Adobe's
Creative Cloud and like all the web
hosting stuff that we have for the
company and this and that and logins out
the wazoo and that thing was really good
on my android phone the developer has
not made one for the iphone but i'm sure
there's an app that's similar to that
basically just something that holds all
your private information without
actually holding all your private
information is what i want so if anyone
knows where to find that I will be
eternally grateful when I bought a case
for you bought a otter box case for it
it's pretty snazzy um it's not too thick
it's the commuter one commute instead of
the not commuter one I don't know what
it's called but it's like fatter didn't
want that one I think the main
difference between these two brands like
Apple versus Android colliding all the
time I feel like the iphone is probably
more popular because it's incredibly
simplistic and because of its operating
system you don't get too much lag
whereas I feel like with androids at
least in my experience which is roughly
five years of having android phones I
guess yeah like four years of having
android phones is that
at the more widgets you have and things
like that running on your phone
constantly the slower it's going to be
and become so I mean I'm sure this
iphone will eventually start slowing
down and sucking or whatever but for now
it is a breath of very fresh air I still
think the HTC one though is a pretty
nifty phone so it's really more about
preference I think than actual like I
don't know technology so to say but I
will see you all tomorrow beta people
that have commented on my stuff so far
y'all all seem incredibly interesting
and I have been trying to keep up with
you as well so yay i'm gonna go have my
chinese now cuz i'm hungry it's left
over his bike
