hey guys so I just want to do like a
quick update it's been about a week
since I announced that I was going to
comb out my locks and I mean there you
can still see them but yes I have kept
my word and am coming them out it is
just taking far longer than I expected
so he to give you an idea as you can see
my hair is still here but I started in
the center and there's a section there's
a section there's a section got a few
little sections here going so you know
put a lot of perspective that's how much
of my hair I don't even know if this is
like seeable it's probably not I have
done um still got a long way to go home
as you can see i definitely recommend
starting at the center of your hair
especially if you have a job and there
for you to go to work and don't want to
go to work looking a hot mess so what I
do is I just put my hair in a ponytail
and like a bun and nav no one really
knows it all of it I'm going through a
major transition audition for all of you
thinking about considering starting locs
purely for the idea of just having them
for like a year year and a half to let
retain length I was strongly recommend
not doing that because combing them out
has just been a bit of a pain um I will
say this though it it gets a lot easier
to comb them out once i get to the
section of my head where I started
interlocking because the levels are the
hairs just folded on top of each other
and so like picking it out it's like it
picks out in those layers and it becomes
a lot more easy so if I ever do get
another set of locks which I think I
will you know eventually I mean you know
I'm doing that three-month give myself
three months thing um but if i do that i
will definitely inter
from the get-go and not retwist I guess
would be the word for it you want to see
how much hair i have already let me go
get it it's crazy time be right back
and literally just left we came back no
the video that's what I do yeah so I've
been keeping the bag of my hair let me
tell you what uh oh what's that at least
oh nothing it's just you know three
years of shedding that I didn't do then
burn it's three years of shedding what's
been really gross is that I have been
able to like literally comb out the
buildup in my hair from product when I
was first starting out it's pretty nasty
just throwing that out there but um and
this is just you know that section
that's just you know this middle section
I got going here of air I will say this
i'm very excited I'm very I like how
it's as soft and thick it's nice it
feels like my hair can breathe a little
bit and I'm noticing that now that I've
combed out all the nonsense just feels
like it retains moisture a little better
i don't know maybe that's just me and
just being like it's different you know
but i have retained a good portion of my
length um sick here's one you know see
how long the walk is and put next to it
i'd let lose the first couple inches but
you know I expected to do something and
I can tell the ends a lot of my ends are
just dry out there so dry and broken I'm
definitely going to cut them off you
know I'm going to trim my whole head
again and just start fresh so but even
so considering that I've ready to go
yeah I kept you know a good a good
portion of link so it's not horrible um
so I'm thinking it's going to take about
another week maybe we gonna have to
finish my entire head but I just wanted
to give you all an update of how it's
going slowly the show
I i am making you know it happened so
that's hehe
