I'm gonna try to get this in one take
cuz just cuz I don't feel like editing
this I really just don't feel like it
cuz I've been editing all day anywho
here we go
so this is a response video to the
thinning dreadlocks video I posted
months ago a lot of people have been
commenting on that video and I have
believe it or not I have read all of
those comments some of them are kind of
weird some of them are kind of a
sensitive kind of hurt my feelings what
can you do anyway I want to let y'all
know that I don't retwist my hair that
much anymore after I first made that
video I got a whole bunch of comments
back and stuff like that and that was
right when I started going to inner
walking which I made a video about so I
haven't retweeted since maybe a week or
two after I did that video so for those
watching it I don't do that anymore
also the breakage has stopped moisture
was the main issue I just needed to add
more moisture to my regimen and also I
am now paying for pride for mistakes
that I made the first maybe maybe your
one at the end of your one once my hair
was about once my hair was finally long
enough to be in a ponytail I put it in
one and I would use a rubber band yeah I
know y'all are gonna think I'm retarded
he needs to remember band to hold my
hair back and it was tight and so I
believe what happened was that rubber
bands slowly rubbing against my hair and
making it weak at that point and so
because I noticed that all of them broke
around the same length and around the
same area and I think that was the
culprit from what I did a long time ago
I'm just now paying for it
year three and year four you know so
what can you do for those people that
use rubber bands a lot because I I mean
I'd I would see people do that and so
that's why I was like oh just do what
I'm gonna get
so I'm gonna rip a band yeah way to be
hipster you know don't do it be
responsible go buy the proper types of
hair ties that you know don't rub
against your hair if you can help it try
not to put your hair up at all or just
to you know clip it back you know so I
believe that is the culprit for why my
hair started breaking where it did add
the link that did also I since I'm not
you know oh my gosh since I'm not
reading anymore
I'm interlocking now it's it's work so
much better for me and I mean I said
I've made a video about this before but
I love into walking I would recommend it
to anybody and everybody it doesn't make
your dreads look different I don't know
why people say that I mean it looks
different where you've interlocked but
once it's like expanded no difference
looks the same feels the same and for me
from my lifestyle it's a lot better I
like to work out I work out usually
maybe two to three times a week if I can
manage it if I make time and so I sweat
you know I sweat a lot and that was the
main thing was that I would sweat help
my retwist and be pissed
you know so interlocking is just so much
better and you're not having to put wax
or gel or whatever in the crap you use
you know gel kind of dries your hair out
not cool wax it's like thick petroleum
and that's in your lock for lord knows
how long so interlocking I just love it
it works for my hair because my hair is
thick and stubborn and my hair my hair
is so ready to be nappy you know so like
you spray some water on it it'll just
snap up so making the knots myself in it
my hair was like oh yeah I can do that
you know it just works a lot better so
this was just a response video to the
thinning dreadlocks video because like I
said I haven't been on YouTube in a long
time but I have been seeing all those
responses because they email me every
time someone's right some response to it
and I would read him I would read him on
me downtown um some of them are kind of
mean and for the ones that would mean ow
some of them had like nothing to do with
my locks or anything and we're all so
mean it's like ow you know but I mean
what's YouTube what can you do so for
those of you who were trying to give me
advice thank you so much I am still
reading in and still learning some
things you know try that so thank you
but I just wanted to let everyone know
in the community that I do not retwist
I interlock and hopefully I will be
making some more videos soon I just
tried a new product and it's only the
first time it's only been a week so I'm
probably gonna put a response out maybe
a month from now I don't know about it
yeah and go from there so yeah it's um
it's the black onyx hairline
I just bought some of it and using it
I'm not gonna give too much away but
it's enjoyable so thank you again for
all the responses I really appreciate it
I'm getting one wounded now and rambling
sorry and more video soon to come
hopefully sorry I've just been busy life
has happened so yeah thanks again
