youtube what's up it's been like forever
sorry about that a lot of stuffs been
going down i am in LA now I'm for my
last semester at UT doing like a
domestic study abroad thing out here
once you back y'all give you a little
bit of an update things like that right
now I actually don't use baking soda
anymore not because I didn't like it but
just because I want to try something new
and so I was that target again because I
just I don't know target's great in
their natural section I found um castile
soap I think it's how you pronounce it
casting so I use dr. bronner's this is
what I got dr. bronner's magic soaps and
it's pure castile soap with organic oils
really mild it's a really really mild
soap um it's technically not a shampoo
is just soap so you can use it on your
body's it you know whatever I tried this
for the first time this bottle is it's
huge first off and it's liquid legs is
liquid it's not um that was maybe ten
bucks I think and not like after washing
my hair with this is gonna last me a
long time using it for the first time
washed it out with my hair and
everything just did it like a normal
shampoo and my hair felt really soft
because there's so many different oils
in it like the moisture was back in and
folk lean so double whammy it's really
great if you don't think that maybe
baking soda isn't right for you because
it's just too socially weird for you
which is ok but you don't want to use a
shampoo because it's a little too rough
for you I would say definitely try some
castile soap they have a lavender one
they also had a eucalyptus 12 some more
great products for you to possibly think
about on your dreadlock journey um
hopefully I'll be able to love it i'm in
LA and settled i'll be able to like do
some more videos and stuff but yeah
that's all that's been going on with me
hope everything is well in the youtube
community keep putting out your videos
send responses it's great it's not talk
to y'all later
