hey youtube so i am i've been doing some
research and found out that i didn't
want to use shampoo anymore crazy so
what i did was i did the whole baking
soda thing and i just got to shower wash
my hair with it for the first time and
it is pretty cool like i was a little
worried i'm scared at first but as I was
watching I could feel my hair getting
cleaner but not losing everything um I
was a little worried that the baking
soda would dry out because I'd read a
lot of people's blogs and then like
websites and stuff and they said like
it's great it does its job sometimes I
make sure here a little dry though and
so what people said was that they put a
little brown sugar in it and so I did
that and I think that's what I'm feeling
as far as the softness goes is the brown
sugar working its magic cuz yeah here it
feels clean but not strips it's really
great and it it's got a little more like
luster to it it smells amazing to you
also I tried the rinse that keep it
Valentina talked about with rosemary and
I put a little sage in mine and it's
lavender just cuz I like to smell
lavender and i rinsed it out with that
after i cleaned it and it smells amazing
also and I can feel it I could feel it
working I could feel it kind of
stimulating the scalp a bit more and all
of that just want some water tubes so
I'm really happy with it so those are
you who are thinking about switching a
no shampoo at all I would say definitely
give it a try my soul my first time so
I'm sure it'll be a little bit more of
experience as I keep going see more
results but for the initial yeah I feel
just as clean as if I bought some
panting or something and try the brown
sugar if you're scared about your hair
getting dry because once i rinsed it out
I could feel that my hair felt
moisturised automatically so it was
great thanks for all the stuff once
again really appreciate the dreadlock
community giving advice and helping
people out and what not it's awesome
then you keep it valentino for the rents
try to
it was great and yeah till we meet again
