I mean how long have I been locked Lord
April May June July August so that's two
years of four months almost almost doing
that might as well be two and a half all
right
hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always I
wanted to get on and give y'all a lock
update because I think the last one I
gave was around the two-year mark and it
was showing the sort of abstract way of
how I wash my hair and how that's more
of like self-care for me now and I
really enjoy it so it's been a couple
more months I want to say I'm at the
two-year four month two and a half month
almost half two and a half years phase
I'm now starting to combine a lot of my
locs
to get them to a size that I feel
confident with that will last me for the
next four to five years because when I
first started my locs set I was
channeling Joyce la cara compass I loved
her locks y'all like I loved her locks
y'all there's so gorgeous she was trying
to start sister locks for herself but
what she ended up with was this awesome
set of locks that I just thought were so
gorgeous she's not locked anymore she
combed them all out is back to being a
loose natural and her hair is still I
mean she can do whatever she's like
whatever she does to her hair is always
gorgeous like I just I just I love her
hair and so I was watching her and
channeling how she started her set and I
thought to myself yeah I would if I
started another set I would want to have
around 200 to 300 locks when I was
starting this set I started it with
twists and I sort of mentally went with
that in mind my first said I had 115
locks and it was a good number but I
remember just thinking to myself if ever
come back to this I want a little bit
more than that but then also something I
really appreciated about the number of
locks they had that that was that they
were all about a pencil with thick I
really liked that level of thickness for
my hair texture and so now that it's
been over two years and I've had the
time to
sort of mature in their own way I'm
going back through and combining a lot
of them so all the locks that I feel are
too thin I'm going through and combining
it with with another thin neighbor or a
lock that maybe is thicker and I think
it can join with that lock well some of
them I even also have three-headed
dragons now instead of two-headed
dragons so I combined at first I
combined two these two and see how thin
these are so thin and then I combined
them again because that even after
combining them I was like y'all are
still too thin I combined it with this
one so now it's three together and so
yeah I'm pretty much just doing that all
over my head because I feel like I'm
basically trying to future-proof my
locks for the next at least four to five
years the thing with having thin locks
sort of like sister locks and things
like that is you have to constantly
worry about any little bit of breakage
you have because the locks are so thin
so if you have any sort of additional
thinning that makes the lock shaft that
much less strong and I want to try to
minimize that as much as I can on this
semi freeform journey that I'm on so
currently now I've just been going
through and I'll feel for some of my
thinner locks and kind of I'm watching
them you know if I haven't combined them
yet then I'm just watching them make I'm
paying attention so here's a good
example of one this one used to be two
locks and you can see the edge I just
trimmed off the other dragon but this
one used to be two locks and now you can
see how much thicker it is and I like
that I like how much thicker this one is
that and my edge is the front of my hair
is where my locks the hair doesn't grow
into the locks the way the rest of my
hair kind of naturally does it does but
just not as well as like the rest of my
hair so I find myself with my edges
constantly having after I shower and
wash constantly having to just kind of
come in and do a quick little just just
an ever so slight wrap around you know
especially with this one an ever so
slight just
you know and it's little it's very minor
boom just to make sure that they're
they're doing okay they're doing it okay
the way I'm combining is very simple I'm
literally just doing an interlock so
I'll interlock going across once and
then interlock down well and that's it
and then I let my hair do what it do in
the comments below let me know if y'all
have any tips on maintaining my semi
freeform locks or if I should be
combining in a different way I think I
still have about I think I still have
about three or four more sets that I
will make probably I will probably
combine like I might combine these two
we'll see I'm just meditating on it you
know what I mean you just want to like
let me meditate because once you stick
them through it's done you know there's
no going back so I'm still thinking
about it
also if the spirit moves you check out
my patreon page you can become a
producer of the channel and hang out
with me on monthly live streams and get
access to the private Facebook group
where all my producers get to hang out
with me and you can see extended content
and all that kind of stuff it is because
of the patreon producers that I can say
I will see you on Sunday
