hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always so if
you follow me on instagram then you know
that away sent me luggage to try out
they sent me the luggage with enough
time to take you with me on a trip I was
in Fort Worth recently because one of my
short films was playing in a festival
there and I used the luggage on that
trip so that way I could come at y'all
with a review of using the luggage so
yeah here we go away luggage review
if you're new here like share subscribe
if the spirit moves you so yeah a waste
sent me their luggage to try out
they sent me their smaller carry-on and
their bag I went with their newest color
the sky blue I believe was called you
know all these companies be having
interesting names for very simple colors
just a lovely sky blue
I picked the sky blue because that's
because you can't tell already I'm a big
fan of blue and then for the baggie I
went with our more unisex kind of color
the grey equivalent because I figured
that mr. hallease might also end up
using the bag as well but now that I've
tried the bag is mine I really don't
want him to use it at all like it's my
bag right off the bat I will say that
the construction is awesome so the thing
that a way preaches about with their
luggage is that it's made with this sort
of like semi hard top material that has
a little bit of give but not too much
give you can rest a little easier
knowing that if you're checking your bag
is gonna survive being checked one thing
I will say about the durability of the
bag is that I didn't actually get to
take the bag through an airport to
actually see how well it does you know
rolling across Heathrow or anything
crazy like that but I did roll it around
the hotel a lot and then also you know
getting into the hotel with it and all
that kind of stuff it does roll really
really well my only concern is that once
I got back from Fort Worth I already
started noticing some general scratches
and dings just from loading it into a
car and going into a hotel now I'm
really hard on my stuff just throwing
that out there so yeah I would say if
you are big on your luggage looking
pristine all the time maybe don't go
with the sky-blue color that would be my
biggest thing because you know it shows
dirt you know just shows dirt so be I
think the biggest seller of the bag is
the battery everyone talks about how you
have this awesome battery that is right
inside the bag and I will say that is
pretty awesome
as someone who lives online and has to
constantly have my phone being charged
and things like that having a battery
built into my carry-on is pretty amazing
and then also the way they've made it so
if you want to check your bag you can
easily remove the battery to comply with
airline regulations that is pretty cool
so overall it's like a plus on design
and I really appreciate it that about
this bag is a plus design of it also the
exterior of the luggage also includes a
TSA approved lock which is really neat
giving you that peace of mind people you
don't want any bag can't get in your bag
people that do need to get in your bag
legally can get in your bag all that
kind of fun stuff that's that's cool too
which brings me to the inside of the
luggage which is really cool so when you
open it up it's broken up into two parts
the first part if you open it from the
left side is where you can put all of
your bulky items that really can't be
compressed down anymore so your shoes
may be a toiletry bag can go there a few
gadgets and gizmos a-plenty if you got
them and you don't know readily need
them on your flight put those there all
of that stuff goes on the left side but
the right side is for your clothes and I
think what really sells this bag and why
a lot of people really love it is that
middle mesh the middle mesh clips on
either side and then can be strapped
down to really hone in and close down or
all the clothes that you're packing in
the bag which is really helpful because
something that really surprised me was
even though this bag is quite small I
was able to fit quite a bit of clothes
in there without actually using packing
cubes which is pretty mean now I'm a
small person and again I got their
smaller carry-on and they do have a
carry-on that's a little bit bigger but
I think the caveat with that one is it
might not be considered a carry-on
depending on the type of plane you're on
whereas the standard carry-on they have
I think is good across the board let me
know if I'm wrong on that what really
made this bag interesting to me was how
much I could compress down all of my
clothes and then on top of that put a
few things extra inside that mesh now
another thing that's really neat about
the design
that they get do give you a built-in
laundry bag so as you're staying
wherever you're at you can throw dirty
clothes in there and kind of keep them
separated from your regular clothes
which is a really cool design feature of
the bag that I appreciate I definitely
used it while I was in Fort Worth they
also claim that the laundry bag can hold
like a sopping wet swimsuit as well I
did not test said thing but that's what
they claimed it if you've tried out the
laundry bag in such a way let us know in
the comments below if it actually did
work or not so one thing about me is I'm
pretty cheap so I've heard about it I
had heard about a way a lot but never
really executed on a bag because I feel
like it's kind of expensive but one
thing I will say is that you do get what
you pay for you know the bag is very
well made and you're paying for nice
design you're paying for longevity
you're paying for that built in battery
that ejects cool in an interesting way
you're paying for the built-in pre TSA
lock you're paying for all that stuff
it's a nice bag all like the design is
there the inside compartment is there I
was again I was really blown away about
how much I could fit in the bag all that
being said though I didn't pay for the
bag the bag was given to me to try so
moving on though to the also hand bag
that they gave me to try as well
something I'm noticing consistently now
with a lot of travel luggage when they
do give you any kind of hand bag
situation they are making it so that the
travel luggage can easily be can easily
be combined with the man suitcase that
you're using so in a similar fashion the
hand bag comes with an open slit so you
can slide the hand bag on top of your a
roller luggage and easily move through I
know for me I'm constantly carrying a
backpack usually or something like that
so having any kind of bag that I wear
that can slide on top of my roller
luggage is a godsend especially if
you're waiting in airports long lines
things like that it's just helpful man
it just means you're on your back you
know I'm saying so I appreciate that
about the handbag as well also very
surprisingly spacious now again I'm
really rough on my stuff and I got carry
a lot of stuff that's why I usually tend
to go for the backpack more than the
handbag but I was pleasantly surprised
with this handbag it held all a lot of
my camera gear my headphones a couple of
hard drives I think I've put some spare
clothes in that mug like I loaded it up
and to be fair it had a hard time
zipping but again i io Verdoux it
because as a traveling digital
storyteller or video producer constantly
I'm trying to see how much gear I can
absolutely bring on every single trip as
easily as possible if I had to pick
because I'm more of a backpack person I
would invest more in the luggage itself
not necessarily the handbag but together
the handbag and the luggage they call
this the uniform and so it's they
definitely try to group the two together
so buying the two together is the ideal
way they want you to experience their
product which is here also with the
handbag again the pricing to me feels
high but it is a nice handbag like it is
well crafted the material that it's made
out of the nylon is nice it feels like
this handbag can go through it with you
a little bit you can scuff it and things
like that and it's gonna live to tell
the tale you know what I mean so you are
getting what you're paying for you're
getting a high quality product I'm just
saying if it's not in your budget I
understand and there are less expensive
alternatives out there in the comments
below let me know if you have tried away
as luggage and what you thought about it
let us all know in the comments below so
that way those of y'all who are
considering purchasing but having yet
executed can get those last little
nuggets of knowledge I'll also be in the
comments trying to answer your questions
if you have
that I didn't cover in this review if
you're new here and you enjoy the
content like share subscribe if the
spirit moves you also consider becoming
a producer of the channel where you can
get access to extended exclusive content
via patreon.com slash Holly's always
hanging out over there we have a
Facebook page together is lit it's
because of my producers of this channel
that I can say I'll see you on Friday
you
