jackie locks asks talked about being
woke and being in an interracial
relationship what tensions do you face
is it difficult
do you have differing views on whiteness
systemic racism being black in America
politics yeah collectively are we work
or not
so I feel like first we should define
ourselves racially so that way that
gives a greater context to the
conversation that we're trying to have
in this video so I'm a black American
and I am the Cendant of slaves who came
here to America by force so my family
line has been in America for a long time
American of Mexican descent
so first generation American I guess and
like 1/8 Lebanese yeah I guess so that's
so the way that I kind of grew around
identity was there were there were white
people there were black people and then
there was like the brown people right so
growing up in Laredo all I really knew
was brown people but you see white
people in the media's is like oh yeah
there's white people and then oh yeah
there's like specks of black people
around yeah I mean that's that's the
nation that's like the world I guess but
for the most part it was just
predominantly Hispanic I don't even know
when when I saw like an actual white
person that was weirding that was high
school
rhiannon the same for like a black
person - yeah because it wasn't until we
traveled for UIL for like debate and
stuff with the corpus how there's white
people okay and they were weird and
different
we were the brownest people there and
it's like yeah that's cool whatever so
that was that and then yeah went to
India like went to score college in like
northern Indiana like borderline
Michigan super white not really much of
a culture shock except for the fact that
there was a lack of culture so just
white people and then yeah oh yeah I'm
I'm Hispanic I'm deaf
Hispanic now whereas in the radio I
didn't really think that way I mean you
you hold on to every shred of identity
that you can then yeah I'm super Texan
and Hispanic and then after that came
back to South Texas and again it's
mostly Hispanic and then just meeting
you it didn't really I'm not gonna say
that I didn't see race but it's like
with you you're a black she's a black
woman but she's super cool to talk with
and we had talked about this in another
video it's just really easygoing and
there was no focus on the racial aspect
of it it's just I love this person I I
really connect with them and so the fact
that just everybody else kind of poked
around like well you know she's black
and just dig this up well yeah what do
you I don't know what that means I think
they were saying I think in their mind
everything like there's other women you
could be talking to or dating or
recording that like aren't black like
where you're gonna make it more
difficult for yourself when you don't
have to I didn't know if it was that
charged and if it was just kind of just
makes me more upset I don't think people
even realize that they're thinking that
way but they just subconsciously can you
know that they're working with yeah yeah
I mean you think about like no one's
really perfect and like outside of race
like no one's really perfect so if I
have somebody who's willing to give
themselves to you just like completely
and I'm willing to do the same thing so
why wouldn't you just it's like whether
they have six arms in Psych well that's
that's that's gonna be a little weird
because when you sleep like trim your
sign it's gonna be like yes like a B you
know but that's yeah it's not like an
alien species right right so I grew up
here in San Antonio which is a minority
majority cities so it's mostly the
schisms that are here in San Antonio are
more based around class than race and I
think a lot of that is also because we
have a heavy military influence and
generally speaking a lot of
generalizations but in the military you
get exposure to more cultures and
interracial relationships are more
common so I'm an Air Force brat so it
wasn't new to me too
see people mixing across racial lines
that's not something else - growing up
my parents always stress the idea of
finding someone that complements you
someone that's gonna respect you as a
woman someone that you can build a life
with they never really pushed race as
part of that so I think something that
also helped was that since I grew up
here in San Antonio its minority
majority but the majority that is the
minority is people of Latino descent so
that was a culture that I was very aware
of and understood a lot about just
because it's kind of like very adjacent
to my own culture as a black American
but then also I've just like
geographically been submerged in it yeah
I mean they got over the fact that you
were black the first time the first time
that I brought you down was Father's Day
it was my dad's birthday Father's Day
yeah but they met you the first time and
then they were like so yeah I feel the
tension the tension was more of
threatened if there it was much tension
it was like very initial with him dating
and it was mostly more from your side
than mine mostly and it was also just
the fact that we were moving the way we
were moving yeah we just moved very
independent and kind of in yeah yeah and
I'm really seeking anybody's opinion out
right which is honestly is it
so like the second part of the question
is like is it difficult to be like to be
in an interracial relationship is it
difficult day-to-day no yeah so day to
day is not a big deal but when there's a
like another again flashpoint
it's like socially it's like 2015 and
yeah I'll let you get into that but yeah
so that bothered you a lot obviously on
everybody's consciousness but everyone's
talking about the narrative differently
and so yeah black people getting shot
like people dying at police hands police
brutality
they're like military-style response in
Ferguson the cops shot this black man
that's not right
why is everybody rioting though I don't
understand it because it just seems like
an inappropriate response and then you
had responded we're Americans but we
don't have the same bedrock that
everyone else has and so when that's
your baseline of realizing that you're
basically a foreigner in your own
country and you have no trust or faith
in your government like it's literally
two Americas that you live in and you've
been like comfortable with the version
of America that applies to you
whereas with black people there's a
different version of America that
applies to us and trying to help you
work through that understanding it took
time it took a long time yeah well I
mean not forever years but it took I
mean well I think I think Trayvon was
like it's a pivot moment yeah us in that
yeah you really you really I remember I
remember his interesting cuz I remember
you came at Trayvon Martin from just
like what are the laws of that state and
I was like no no but you're not
understanding the cult the social aspect
of it and that's what matters here you
know and I remember for you it took a
while anything I finally like sat you
down and was like if we have because I
realize is like you have to get this
though because if we have children this
cult like even though they are half
Latino and I as their mother would try
to instill in them as much of that
identity and culture as I can the
country will see them as black when you
did it be on board like you need to
understand what that means so we need to
talk about it a lot you know and this
was also when we were still trying to
even figure out from wanting children
and stuff like that to so that was like
I think that was what pushed me to have
a lot of those conversations with you
around Trayvon because it was like if
you and I want to have children then you
need to understand what they're gonna
have to
go through right and it was so it's
really interesting to see the way that
your your identity morphed out of
everything that happened starting from
2015 on so then in 2016 you really
started kicking into your YouTube
channel and trying to connect with
people and really showing your your
voice and just kind of using that as a
platform yeah yeah so that's but it all
kind of came out of that it did
definitely and you kind of thinking
about who you were right yeah and I came
along for the ride
yeah because again I think here in San
Antonio with being a minority majority
city and it not really being more around
race lines but more around class lines I
didn't really I always knew I was black
and always identified as black but it
wasn't the first thing I ever had to
identify myself as because I was in an
environment where I didn't I just didn't
have to and so seeing yeah the rest of
the country and being reminded of how
separated and isolated a lot of the rest
of the country is it made and then go
also going to college and going through
a predominantly white institution in
college it just really made me realize
like oh no yeah I gotta like proclaim
this even though I've always known it
and I've never shied away from it I need
to like boldly proclaim this now so
people can understand what it means to
not only be black but just to be an
American and like to broaden your idea
of what an American is whiteness like
nothing I mean white people are white
people right like they either they will
either have feel a certain way about you
or they won't I I mean I don't see them
as a devil I don't either I don't see
them as the devil I've been really
blessed in my regard to have a lot of
like very woke white people around me so
much so that I have very little patience
or tolerance for white people that don't
understand because if you watch my third
I have three grandmas that video you see
like
who again is another Air Force she was
an Air Force brat her Air Force wife um
and as y'all can see in that video she's
from Boston she's feisty like if anyone
comes out here with anything about me a
black girl being in her presence she was
so quick to be like shut up you know and
very much using her white power and
white privilege to stand up for me like
I never felt like I had to have the
voice she would always be like it's not
your job to have the voice it's mine
because I'm the one with the power in
this situation you know
so I with white people in general I I do
not understand when they aren't down
like I just don't get it I would say the
biggest like constant or immediate
factor with I would say the biggest or
the constant more immediate factor with
us and our location here in San Antonio
is colorism and the ideas of colorism
within this area of Texas because within
his culture there's colorism within my
culture there's colorism so combining
when our two forces combine there's just
that much more color you know it's on
both fronts so what's weird is that I
distinctly remember a family
get-together where they talked about
like the features of either the
indigenous people or European like I
remember that but this was that
transition where like I still couldn't
speak Spanish still can't speak Spanish
still couldn't speak it but I understood
it not a lot of people knew that I
understood it and or didn't really care
because I was a kid but I can understand
what was going on and so they were
having that talk about whose features
have one and what what meant what and
what was good and what was bad you could
tell what was good or bad because of
just the way that they were saying it
yeah yeah even though they weren't maybe
explicitly saying dark-skinned is bad
the way they were talking about that
future it let you know of late
I should and thinking oh yeah I have the
good features okay
and then yeah - like I already see it
with my nephew a lot because he's so
fair and it'll be interesting like you
said it'll be interesting to see how he
grapples with an approaches identity as
well because he's my sister's son but
his dad is Mexican but more even though
he's Mexican he too has very strong
Spanish features he's very fair very
tall you see a handsome guy you know
like he's he's got a lot of those
everyone thinks they're related it's
really funny
except I'm like the slightly you later
looking doppelganger it's like oh you're
almost there and we're like almost as
tall you're actually like next to him
you look way more Arabic and you look
like darker but yeah is it'll be
interesting because even now Cedric is
not that dark he's very fair-skinned he
doesn't have very many traditionally
black phenotypic or phenotype yeah
expression at all so hair is curly but
very still pretty funny yeah and a fair
he's very fair and he's like he's got
like lighter your eyes and like yeah
it's just gonna be interesting that's
pretty much how we deal with being an
interracial couple or something like the
tensions and things we have to face as
woke people so yeah thank you jackie
locks for the question yeah we're happy
to answer it if you enjoy this content
want to see more like share subscribe to
the channel hit the bell that too if
you're interested in supporting this
channel now has a patreon patreon comm
slash Holly's head over there for
extended content probably an extended
cut of this video actually Oh in the
comments below let us know if there's
other topics you would like us to cover
favorite recipe favorite sock favorite
type of underwear I feel like if in the
comments of small
gonna be stuff pertaining to our
relationship they can just ask questions
I mean that'll be a short video but I
feel like do you want to know more about
like our dynamic or whatever
