I never washed when I'm in a rush even
when my locks were only five months old
it still took this long to wash them so
I've gotten used to the time I know a
lot of naturals talk about wash day and
how stressful it can be but I honestly
enjoy washing my locks now everything
about the experience is relaxing except
when it's not because of my displacement
I had to switch shampoos san antonio's
water is very hard and not having a
consistent water filter meant that dr.
Bronner's left a lot of residue in my
hair so much so that about a month ago I
had to actually do a deep clean
treatment of my locs
with boiling hot water and Dawn soap
which thankfully worked and removed all
of the buildup
I still always shampoo twice and I
appreciate the faint lemon smell that
the shampoo has more so than the
peppermint
I still follow up with dr. Bronner's
herons I've tried others in the past
that work pretty well if you're looking
for a different alternative just
following up with some apple cider
vinegar is a good low-cost option too
but I like this rinse because it's
affordability and longevity it takes a
long time to get through a bottle
I still haven't retouched my whole head
since 2016 and I still don't feel a need
to I'm considering palm rolling but you
all know I don't stick to anything I'm
still separating and maintaining my
locks to make sure that they stay formed
but just not in a traditional manner
that's why I hesitate to classify myself
as freeform
in the comments below let me know what
residue free shampoos you're using and
also how you would classify my LOC
journey
I'll see you when I see you
