hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere I just want to
get on real quick and let you all know
that you can now purchase the shirt link
is in the description box you can now
purchase this shirt it's Bella in canvas
unisex so no matter where you fall on
the spectrum this shirt is for you and I
really like the color I feel like it's a
good color and I feel this nice and soft
you know saying it's a nice soft shirt
but yeah proceeds will go towards
helping me to continue to create content
on this channel trying to be somebody is
a series that I started on this channel
last year where I interviewed different
people and their endeavors and what
they're trying to be and whose what
they're trying to create what kind of
life they're trying to live for
themselves and how they're taking the
steps to achieve that but one I want to
make more episodes of that because I
feel like people of color in general
just don't have don't get to see all the
things that are that is possible for
them within a variety of different
fields and I want people to see that and
then also to I want to start adding more
content that I feel is beneficial and
informational with trying to be somebody
so you know helping you to develop your
resume or helping you to leverage soft
skills things like that so you know
that's something I really want to do
with this channel because I'm trying to
be on that chaotic good life as you all
know you know and I like I like being a
resource you know I like being someone
that can help people even within this
digital space that were in you know be
the change and things like such as and
then also you know purchasing this shirt
will help me continue to run this
channel in a variety of different ways
whether that be buying more gear to make
to tell better stories and to tell more
creative stories and these abstract docu
flogged things that I'd be making I
don't even know short films I guess
they're short films I don't know so yeah
if you're interested in supporting this
channel the best way to do so for now is
to one continue watching because I
really do appreciate that
and to consider purchasing a shirt if
the spirit moves you
no pressure um that's it again still
displaced but you know I'm living my
best life I cannot wait to get on here
and make an announcement video talking
about how I'm not displaced anymore I'm
gonna go ahead and throw that out into
the ether I'm gonna go and send that
vibe out there Jesus be a fence I cannot
wait to make that announcement video but
until then I'll see you when I see you
