okay everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always today
we're gonna move away from the artsy
fartsy a little bit and I wanted to come
at y'all and talk to you about cloth
pads
I've been trying them now for a few
months and I just wanted to get on and
let you know about this alternative to a
menstrual cup if you're the type of
person that's not really into doing the
whole ministry cup insertion situation
thing I know there's a bit of a learning
curve with that and I know this is
something that I've been meaning to
review and try and talk to you all about
on this channel for a while so I'm happy
to get into it first things first the
reason why I really wanted to try cloth
pads and talk about them here is because
I'm big on just providing alternatives
you know find the you know find a
process that works best for you you know
and there's many different things you
can do now to manage your cycle
especially for someone who is used to
wearing pads in general which was who I
was I used to buy store brand pads and
then you know learning more about cycles
and how those brands and products in
those brands can kind of mess things up
a little bit for you I think they're a
really great alternative if you're
someone who is staunchly a pad where you
know but you want to be as organic as
you can be or as natural as you can be
you know you want to start to get some
of those benefits that people talk about
with switching to some of these other
methods like reduced period pain like
reduced menses amounts and things like
that so I think this is a great
alternative for you it's a great turn
so a little bit about the cloth pads
that I purchased I purchased this brand
called Mork see mor XY you can find them
on Amazon each set that you buy comes
with three cloth pads
I bought a set of the small which I
would say is about the general size of a
regular pad and then I also bought a set
of the medium and I would say these the
length of these it feels more like an
overnight situation so in total I have 6
and the front is actually so the front
of these cloth pads is made up of a
couple of different absorbent fibers
pretty comfortable to wear you know
feels good on the tissue not gonna lie
so it's nice I mean as nice as a diaper
like thing can feel you know and then
the back is sort of this non absorbent
material that kind of keeps everything
in and that's essentially what they are
they clip the via the buttons on the
side so you fold it down and I'll do
like a demonstration of this with better
angles but you fold them in and fold
them down and then you turn inside and
voila voila and now it's like clipped up
and protected after you've used it
you're good and then the same mechanism
is how you put them on to your underwear
so you put your underwear down your
underwear the bottom of your underwear
lines here you wrap it around clip it
and that's how it goes so very easy to
use very straightforward ease of use is
not a problem here unlike the menstrual
cup where there is a bit of a learning
curve with that something else that I
really appreciate about this is that
when you buy a set they give you a
little baggie to go with it and it just
feels like a little travel baggie you
know just something to put them
keep them out of the way so they don't
get with your other stuff and mess up
your other stuff you don't know what I'm
talking about um so since I bought two
sets I have two bags one bag is my clean
bag and one bag is my dirty bag and
that's how I keep them in between until
I'm ready to soak them wash them do what
I need to do with them
so yeah that's that I would say the good
is I don't feel like they're they feel
any worse than what I remember regular
pads feeling like or any better I feel
like I mean this one these in particular
they're pretty soft and they feel
comfortable it's like you're sitting on
a pillow a little bit you know they
absorb a lot that's a big plus
these absorb quite a bit I felt
comfortable wearing the medium size to
bed which is saying something
my I would say that my menses is a
little bit heavier than the average
woman but I felt comfortable wearing
these to bed I I could wear these on my
heavy days I could go through only maybe
two or three in a day and that's all my
heaviest day which was saying something
and I also even though this is like a
pro slash con but they're white and so
on the one hand it's like as you can see
they're never going to look as good as
they did when you first bought them
obviously but on the other hand you can
really go to town and like use a little
bit stronger cleaning agents to make
sure that you're disinfecting them and
getting them clean the way you want to
you know I take a bleach stick to these
things I do so because I want to make
sure that they're super disinfected so
you know that's something else I would
also recommend obviously doing some kind
of peroxide soaked with warm or hot
water before you wash them ba ba yung so
yeah the good is they work that you know
as far as pads go the good is that they
work another Pro the price of
price of these is great which is why I
wanted to get on and talk about them too
I was a big user of things and I still
am a big user thinks but things are
expensive I'm the first to admit that
they are not an affordable
I think alternative because they require
a lot of upfront cost to use them and
then I also have noticed with my thinks
that after about a year I need to throw
them out and buy a new pair even with
the proper cleaning methods and the
proper maintenance methods on them I
still feel that after a while they just
have there's a smell that just stays and
you it's like ok time to you know so let
me know in the comments below if you've
tried things and that's been your
experience to you but I've just noticed
that so I love things because you know
they just give you I love them for what
they are which is a very higher end
period panty that you know just gives
you a feeling of comfort you don't have
you know you don't feel like you're on
your period quite as much wearing them
they feel very comfortable they feel
like regular underwear almost you know
which is great whereas with the cloth
pads it's a pad so yeah you're gonna
feel like you're wearing a pad which can
be a good thing if you like that feeling
some people like the feeling of security
and the cloth pad gives you that you
know what I mean but something that I
really appreciate about the cloth pads
is their price point compared to
something like things they you can buy a
set of three costs anywhere from like
ten to twelve dollars that's not that
bad you know for twenty four dollars
thirty six dollars you can have a whole
set ready for your cycle and you're
ready for your cycle whereas with thanks
I mean there is a lot of upfront
investment that you know if you're lower
income or on a fixed income or you're
just you know you're trying to keep
track of em coins but you're trying to
be also as natural organic as you
possibly can be thinks is an expensive
option you know which isn't a bad thing
but it's something like I personally
want to pro make sure that people know
that no matter where your price point is
there's something that you can probably
use that can help
that you know so I feel like pads are a
really great economical alternative the
bad I would say the bad is you know
they're a pad so they feel like you're
wearing a diaper a little bit you know
just a little bit
it's a cushiony diaper it's a company
diaper but he's still a diaper you know
so you're gonna feel that so something
else to to think about with these that's
I would say a bit of a con is what you
wear them with so you know wearing them
with your underwear I wouldn't wear
these with like joggers or a looser
fitting Jean because they do have a
tendency to slide a little bit
I found that wearing them with you know
leggings or tighter fitting jeans
form-fitting jeans you know I like a
slim or like a slim cut or you know
jegging or something like that just in
general as a safer bet because you know
tighter fitting jeans are gonna just
kind of hold everything in and like
things can't really be moving that much
anyway so these will stay in place I
found that when I was wearing you know
tired of sitting jeans I didn't I wasn't
worried about this moving at all while I
was wearing it which is good whereas
with a jogger or a looser pant I would
you know just be very conscious through
most of the day you know about right
spot you know that sort of thing
that's the only real con you know I
definitely will still use them again
with thinks I'm in the process now of
revamping and getting rid of my old pair
and buying new pair but I even you know
I'm being conscious about the price of
things so in the meantime in between
time I'm using the cloth pads along with
my menstrual cup just so you know as a
backup and I'm good to go
so yeah that's cloth pads I just wanted
to get on and talk to y'all about them
so that way you can know of another
alternative that's out there for you if
you're interested in purchasing this
brand specifically I'll link to it in
the description box but there are many
different cloth pad brands out there so
you know I just found this one went with
this one there are many other ones out
there in fact in the comments below if
you know of any other cloth brands cloth
pad brands it's hard to say fast in the
comments below if you know of any other
cloth pad brands let us know and also if
you know of any other alternatives to
maintaining and caring for your menses
let us know in the comments below
I'm Holly's I'll see you when I see you
