hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavouring to persevere so sorry that
this mic is kind of here I just want to
make sure that whether I'm looking at
the computer screen or looking at y'all
you can hear me so what do people
usually say what does Peter McKinnon say
smash that like button I don't know
anyway um in this video I'm just gonna
show you a quick tutorial of how I
achieve how I achieve the overall
aesthetic of a lot of my films it's
actually very simple it's a combination
of the presets that are already built
into premiere and adjustment layers and
it's kind of the same aesthetic I used
on my Veda video from yesterday which is
how I wrap my head wraps so without
further ado let's just get right on into
it this is really easy I really I really
like using these presets because it kind
of gives your videos this sort of film
look like makes them kind of have this
appearance that they naturally that you
actually went out and shot them on film
which I didn't do that I have the
project from yesterday I'm gonna go
ahead and open it and I would show you
the pretty opening premiere thing but
it's on my other screen down here so you
can't see it I'm just reporting on this
one sorry about that again working
through the kinks on this
so church pray for me all right at the
end of the day you get in a tutorial
amen
all right so here we go okay so here's
my project and down here is my timeline
this was the other cut I did for
promotional purposes we don't really
need that anymore let me go ahead and
resave this actually while I'm thinking
about it
sorry pal tutorial you know sometimes
you look at a word and then you're like
you've seen it so many times you're like
you Stephanie spell it like really
though you know so here is the finished
film that you all saw as you can see it
has the bars it has those like film bars
on there and all of that and it's got
like yeah this sort of like film kind of
grain look to it the way I achieve that
it's very very simple we're gonna get
rid of it so this is what the actual
footage looks like you know so if you go
to your project and you click on your
sequence excuse my messy project I
usually actually like to have it a lot
more organized than that but it's fine
because this was such a quick video but
yet click on your sequence make sure
it's highlighted and then hit up to file
adjustment layer
and it's gonna bring up some adjustment
layer settings 1920 by 1080 is what I
shoot most of my videos at 23.9 is what
I shoot most my videos add square pixels
yeah hit OK and then you have this
adjustment layer that pops up and we're
going to go ahead and call this bars and
color
I'm gonna go ahead and call these bars
and color grading so when I click on
this layer everything that I do now to
it as far as color grading and effects
go it'll impact everything below it
which is the cut of the film itself so
the first thing I want to do is add my
color grading quote-unquote if you go to
your Lumina tree color scopes which are
all over here if this panel doesn't pop
up for you go to window and it is right
there
luminate recolor and that'll make it pop
up for you so yeah you have this show up
and I'm not gonna really mess with the
basic color correction because I'm more
or less like the way all of this looks I
don't really need a mess with the color
temperature or anything like that
because I tried to make sure I shot it
you know to where the whites are white
and the blacks are black and all that
kind of fun stuff what I am gonna mess
with is this creative the next one down
and here is my secret sauce if you will
about how I get my films to look like
films as much as I can within the budget
that I have and that is I use the kodak
5218 2395
and Kodak if you don't know is animal as
a film company they're still around kind
of sort of maybe and this is basically a
preset to make your stuff look like
Kodak film so I put that on but usually
when I put it on it makes it a little
too intense for me I don't usually like
it to be at 100% intensity or you can up
it and then that's like super super film
you know I don't usually like it to be
that high I usually keep it around 60%
that's where I just like to have it so
when we turn it off and you can see
that's what it added and then another
thing I also add is I add a little bit
of the faded film to it as well about 20
percent usually so you see that kind of
gives it I don't know that just kind of
gives it that sort of grain look just a
smidge just a smidge it's a it's funny
because it's just like film with its
imperfections look a little it just
looks more natural I don't know I don't
know comment below how you feel about it
but that's how I feel about it and
that's how that's that's literally it
that's kind of the tutorial um the way
to do the bars the cinematic bars that
you usually see let me turn this off so
you can see the whole thing and oh by
the way that's the title safe title
safety if you're putting graphics you
usually want to have them inside inside
this the second box here but that's more
for like TV and stuff it doesn't really
apply to the internet anymore it doesn't
really apply because we have the
internet now but I still don't know
I'm old-fashioned I guess um anyway now
let's add those bars at the top and
bottom of our clips so what you're gonna
do now is you're going to have your
gonna make sure your adjustment layer is
still highlighted and then you're gonna
go to your effects panel mine is here in
the left hand corner if for some reason
yours is not where it needs to be window
effects it's where you can find that and
then you're going to go to the crop tool
I usually just type it in cuz it's
faster than trying to find it
and then I'm gonna drag it on to my
adjustment layer that I've made and now
we're gonna go to our effect controls
panel if you don't know where that is
again window effect controls make sure
this is highlighted so the effect
controls for whatever is on this come up
here as you can see our luminance
recolor you can see it here as well what
we did right you're gonna go to the crop
tool and for the top and bottom I
usually have it at around 7% so you see
seven percent top
7% bottom boom so now we went from this
to this
and we have that cinematic look so yeah
that's how we go from this to this and
something I like to do is so I get to
play a little bit cool something I also
like to do though is I like to give I
like to like have the bars sort of lead
in a little bit so they're not there in
the beginning and then like get you in
the mood to be in a traditional film
environment but on your phone or tablet
or wherever you watch my videos so I
like to have the bars sort of just come
into the frame and that's just simple
keyframing really easy so we're gonna go
to our crop and we're gonna let's take
off this here let's take off this
cross-dissolve
so that way you can always see me
alright so we're gonna go back to our
crop and remember we have it at seven
percent here we're gonna put a keyframe
like I don't know like
couple seconds and we're gonna hit our
keyframe our little stopwatch is just
like a keyframe indicator and then we're
gonna go back to the very beginning and
hit it again but this time make sure
that for the front it's zero
look at that voila now something that I
think will be super cool if premiere
ever adds this is motion blur right now
you can't really get that and motion
blur is just an effect that just just
wherever you're doing these little
makeshift graphics and premiere it just
kind of gives it a little more like
natural just kind of like finesse
you know like smear think about like
smear you know so it's not like pixel
pixel pixel pixel moving you know it
just gives it a natural sort of finish
can't really do that in premiere yet I'm
I heard maybe that might they might
could possibly maybe do it one day for
now if you want to achieve that you have
to do it in after-effects but what I you
still like to do though is ease in and
ease out of things which again is
usually a lot better and after-effects
but you can still do it here in Premiere
and it just gives it just makes the
animation just a little bit more smooth
you know so you want to ease out of this
it's opposite of what you would think
and ease in to this and so now
again it's a it's a miniscule difference
but I I see it I see it you know that's
it that's how I that's a video that's a
video that's a tutorial so there you go
um go ahead and save that export close
anyway so yeah that's it that's how I
achieve this sort of like cinema
cinematic look if you will of of my
films when I when I choose to call them
films you know um sorry that my my
lighting is also not ideal again I'm in
a new co-working space so I'm just
trying to figure that out anyway that's
neither here nor there you don't even
know all that so yeah if you enjoyed
this video
you know like share subscribe and things
like such has any other tips and tricks
you would like me to show you in
Premiere it just in editing in general
let me know I do like doing this this
sort of like producers commentary and
whatnot so yeah I'll see you tomorrow
