hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere so I figured
for those of y'all who are new here to
my corner of the internet I would go
ahead and formally introduce myself so
my name is Holly's there is no
abbreviation there is no nickname you
say the whole thing like A Tribe Called
Quest hobbies when I'm not telling my
stories here on the Internet
I'm off telling other entities and/or
company's stories on the Internet so
basically I'm a full-time video producer
and editor and I use this channel to
catalog my life and my thoughts and also
to hone my skills as a storyteller I
just feel like whenever I'm creating
content that is unapologetically me that
brings me the most joy and so YouTube I
have found is the easiest and most
available platform to do that for now so
my husband and I are currently displaced
because our quest to find the American
Dream TM completely backfired on us my
husband and I late last year I bought a
house and it's basically a lipstick on a
pig situation it's a lipstick on a pig
situation like I don't even know what
still y'all anyway I'm 27 and I'm just
out here trying to be somebody and do
adult things and also just create you
know I finally reached a point where I
can say comfortably you know I am an
artist without feeling my blue-collar
ancestors cringe but I'm also old Virgo
so it's hard for me to take a step back
and just create without some sort of
bigger plan but if I've learned
something about being displaced for the
last three months and let me tell you
I've learned quite a bit it's that you
can do everything right and still fail
so
what's really a plan you know like
what's a plan in the grand scheme of
things
what's a plan get comfortable with being
uncomfortable it's all a facade that
being said though I do still have a goal
this year yes I know I just said what's
the point of having a plan but I mean
you know baby steps you know I'm saying
it's a loose plan it's a loose well I
can outline a guideline if you will so
my goal this year is not so structured
and it is just simply to be a chaotic
good say yes to things go out on a whim
feel the fear and do it anyway
all those entrepreneurial inspirational
quotes that you see in pretty ing
squares you know with with beautiful
flowers coming out of the sides you know
all of that stuff oh no I'm just out
here trying to figure out what this
higher power that I call God wants me to
be what do you want me to be I'm just
out here trying to live my life like a
Gryffindor when the world wants me to
become a Slytherin you feel me I'm just
out here trying to be a touch Allah when
the world is trying to fashion me into
what kill monger you know I'm playing
like share and subscribe because that's
what you're supposed to say at the end
of these things but more importantly
because this is where I truly live let
me know in the comments below what type
of content you would like to see me
produce on this channel thanks for
watching
I'm Holly
I'll see you tomorrow
