hey everyone it's me hallease back with
another video today I wanted to talk to
you about audio and some simple hacks
tips and tricks that you can use to up
your audio value whether you're just
starting out and have little to
absolutely zero budget or you have
started to up your production value and
have a little bit of money to play with
all of these hacks will work for you my
first tip turn off your appliances
dishwashers washing machines dryers your
air conditioning turn off all of those
things because what we tend to do as
humans is we notice when they come on
and then we notice when they come off
and so in between you kind of forget
that they're on and our ears learn to
just adjust our sound level accordingly
your camera won't do that it's going to
hear that hum going on in the background
and it can be very distracting and take
away from what your viewer really wants
to see in here which is your voice now
something else you can do if you have an
auditory distraction in your video and
you can't necessarily turn it off or get
away from it then call attention to it
and show it in your vlog for example for
me in one of my latest Vagos watermelon
mango orange margaritas sorbet is in the
beginning I'm outside working on the
wagon with my father and we're in my
garage now it's Texas so it's very hot
so we often have these large fans
running in my garage while we're working
on the wagon and instead of trying to
turn those fans off so I had the most
quiet environment possible it's way too
hot I just recorded the fan and then my
next shot so establish that sound and
then my next shot you hear my dad
talking and for y'all what ends up
happening is what I hope anyway is that
you kind of more or less forget about
the fan or you learn to adjust your
hearing to compensate for the fact that
that distracting sound is there so
that's option also an option to let your
viewer see what's making the noise if it
fits in with the vlogging style that
you're trying to achieve
usually where people will film
themselves is their kitchen when they're
starting out and the reason why they do
app is because since they don't have
lights their kitchen is usually the most
the best lit place in your house because
there's usually a lot of overhead lights
and kitchens and things like that so it
can be a great place to shoot I would
recommend though unplugging your
refrigerators so because once again the
same thing for the rest of your
appliances your fridge is loud
unplugging your fridge for a couple of
hours while your shoot isn't gonna mess
up your food or anything like that as
long as you just keep the door closed I
do that even now when I'm recording with
better gear I still unplug my fridge and
the way to remember to plug your fridge
back in and this is an old film trick
from what I learned when I was on set is
everybody puts their keys in the fridge
so that way at the end of the shoot day
no one can leave unless the fridge is
plugged back in
be aware of your surroundings a good
rule of thumb is if you can hear it
then the camera can so a lot of times
the content I watch is very much vlog
style content like this someone talking
directly to the camera and addressing
their audience directly and I really
enjoy that type of content but it asks
me when I hear things like an ambulance
passed by or a plane go over their house
or you know the mailman walking up and
knocking on the door or a dog or a baby
or just whatever it is you know unless
it's part of your character say you're a
mommy blogger and your kid starts crying
in the background you're like well let
me go handle that and you make it part
of the things and cool but you know if
it's if it's not adding any sort of
supplemental content to who you are as a
character or a person or whatever you're
trying to showcase yourself as try to
minimize outside sound and again if you
can hear it then the camera can so you
know wait for the ambulance to finish
passing by then start talking wait for
that plane to fly overhead then start
talking you know all of those things all
those little attention to details add to
the overall production value of your
video
finally for the zero to no budget folks
use your phone as a recording device and
this is something that is pretty easy to
do most smart phones now have a voice
memo app just put that on hit record and
voila your phone is gonna have pretty
decent audio just make sure you keep it
just out of sight of your camera so you
know don't have it here maybe have it
about right here you know and make sure
it just doesn't look awkward that's
that's the thing just don't look awkward
you can also buy a little phone stands
that you can get online now and maybe
prop it up you know right next to you or
something like that again just keep it
out of frame and now you've got good
audio another trick that I know is that
some women will hit record and then you
know make sure the phone is kind of off
or whatever and just kind of slide it
and now they've got good audio because
the foam is picking up the vibrations of
your chest right on you so your audio is
probably gonna be pretty good this is a
great way to start practicing syncing
sound in post so that way when you do
finally get that good microphone that
you spent the money on you'll know
exactly how to sync your sound well
okay so now you've got just a little bit
of budget to play with and you're ready
to dabble into the art of sinking sound
or maybe you upped your camera and you
can actually buy a microphone for your
camera and your audio can go directly
into it and you don't even have to sync
sound props to you these tips and tricks
are for you
so the h1 and zoom is a great starter
audio mic I love these things they're I
think they're under $100 and it's a
really great starter microphone it's
actually what I used to do my vlogs for
a while I think I just upgraded my audio
again and I would essentially put it
right out side of the frame and on a
little mic stand and just point it
directly at me and that was it and then
I would go into post and sync these the
audio with the video later it's a really
awesome little microphone it runs on a
micro SD card and something else that's
really cool about it if you so desire
you can buy a little love for it and
clip that and plug directly into it
stick it in your pocket or put it to the
side boom you've got a nice little love
set
now maybe you've actually upgraded your
camera itself so much so that you can
actually plug microphones directly into
your camera in there you don't even have
to sync sound on the back end props to
you another microphone that I would
highly recommend is the rode videomicro
it's a nice tiny little microphone that
goes directly on to your camera that can
plug directly into your camera and
usually will sit on top of your camera
and since Veda that's what I had been
using its once again comparable in price
to the h1 and zoom so not too bad and
it's also a great vlogging camera
instantly will up the audio quality of
your vlogs if you're the type to do the
run-and-gun I'm here I'm there I'm
everywhere and has a low profile on your
camera cuz you know vlogging in public
is quite weird and so keeping as low a
profile as you can really does help
that's a great microphone for that
finally if you're really if you're
passed these steps and you're ready to
go to the big time if you will um I mean
what's big time though honestly what's
big time
I recommend a road condenser microphone
or as I call them boom mics you're gonna
get the best audio quality when you can
boom from above looking down at you I
have ballooned from above I have a boom
I have my mic connected to a boom pole
that is then connected to a light stand
and an extra long cord that is plugging
directly into my camera and that is how
I do my audio when I'm sitting here and
I have the time to set up lights and set
off audio and all that kind of stuff
this is what I do all of the information
for any all the products that I have
mentioned will be in the description box
if you're interested in purchasing check
out those links in the comments below
let me know if you have any other audio
tips and tricks share them so other
people can see like share follow and
subscribe if the spirit moves you and
I'll see you when I see you
you
