oh my gosh me actually I'm so sorry to
say chief like the cameras oh okay so
Bianca yes you're a writer
I am so what late tell me what type of
writing do you tend to do um I do a lot
of article writing I have done
advertising what is the what kind of
articles to you sometime it's like human
interest stories I have done like most
make human interest stories and I also
do business profiles has been for
something or publishing in Lawrence
Kansas and then I do other article
writing film reviews you know tanning
safely and fun like in your backyard
going to the doctor as an adult all
sorts of stuff for a company called
adolescent that is in California so cool
yeah awesome
and so like how long have you I mean I
would say like professionally yeah I
really kept proper track you can check
out my LinkedIn yeah I have no idea
I'm just saying LinkedIn would be like
better if you really needed to know okay
and so you know for me I majored in film
and that's how I got into it but like a
lot of people that get into video
production and film in general don't
major in it like they just kind of fall
into it as a vocation with writing was
that something you like went to college
for and all of that I mean I would argue
yes but I have a creative writing degree
so it's not like the strategic comm or
anything like that um so I mean I have a
bit of that background but I would say
it did kind of in a way fall into it
because it's not exactly going to
college for I know so she has done stuff
for me for the age through the agency
that I work for research script writing
for us and assisting us on that kind of
stuff which is really cool but I mean it
is very what I do with the agency
who's very like marketing business to
business type stuff right
I feel like advertising has more of like
a like when I'm done I'm like yeah
figured it out like I feel very like
yeah so it's kind of like gamified in
that way for me but what are you
passionate about I'll answer both of
those questions yeah I feel like with
writing probably just continue to do
article writing maybe blog posts I don't
know I don't like writing for myself as
a form big work if I'm writing for
myself it's probably just for me so I
prefer to someone you know come to me be
like I want this and I'm like cool I can
do that
as opposed to me like just making
something up on my own I'm eventually
supposed to like turn into money like I
can make something up on my own and just
you know have it for me
oh really I feel like sharing our with
people yeah to like it like feedback but
right now I'm not at the place I don't
at least right now for seeing myself
being in a place where like that's what
I'm doing I'm just really general I just
like being around creative people and
helping them do whatever they need to do
so that could honestly be anything like
I'm acquainted with a filmmaker in
Lawrence I asked I was like can I like
hold a boom mic one time when you're
filming with that I would love to do
that like I just anything whatever so I
can help someone with writing I can help
some of the filmmaking yeah down I just
don't for me as I've for me in the video
world right I always find writers
fascinating cuz yeah I'm like how do you
like do how do you get how do you get
mm-hmm I did that for me to be yeah yeah
how you get the gig the gig things how
do you I feel like you just like home
email me yeah I think when you yeah
you're like a what you want YouTube
oh I know what I don't know what
happened notice the greatest yeah not
like them okay so I was on tumblr and
I'm scrolling through and I saw this
picture
yes I caught this person's really like
pretty and it's just like a cool frame
picture and then it was you and so I
like find the original photo because
whoever we blogged it wasn't
we're blogged what did I just say never
reblogged it wasn't you but like I was
like you know go through to like find
the source and so I just started like
following you and I would like I said
retweet I would read blog something you
tumbled and um sometimes I might like
say so I might sometimes I didn't try
were just like message you on there and
I was just like you know Internet
acquaintances and then you started
posting more about what you do editing
wise I was like this is really cool I
don't know like my curiously lives at
his person and I was like hey I think I
like straight up told you that and I was
like so can i connect with you on
LinkedIn and you're like sure and so
just to be clear like the point of like
connecting with you on LinkedIn was to
live vicariously through your editing
work experience because I thought it
looks that cool and then like a month
later you get back I mean you don't even
like ask if I want a job or anything you
just start getting into like so if you
did this to the script writing to the
and I like it was like halfway through
the paragraph I was like this person is
offering me a job
it was that random it's like obviously
you know I have a background in creative
writing but not so much in that and so
honestly that's kind of what got me
started in trying to do things that
weren't so much creative writing centric
the first thing I did was go write a
grant with someone and so that was
really what made me think like I could
do this as a job but then actually like
interact a little online and he came to
that I was like I could I could do this
I should do this so yeah that's that's
the story oh wow I had no idea yeah I
guess I just because I think what I did
was like I looked through your tumblr
and realized like oh she's a writer
me know and then might use my tumblr and
so long yeah not what I have on there I
think and then my boss it was like one
of those mobile my boss is like I need a
writer what yeah oh I know one well I
think maybe you guys asked me like you
know four samples and stuff and I was
like the sample I have is this grant
that I correct yeah yeah yeah big deal
it's it was it was a it's a grant but it
was a simpler grant so it was a it was a
good starting point for grant writing
which I didn't again so for so I
guess thinking what is your do you have
like a five year plan no you just like
no yeah I just kind of like winging it I
feel like um I think having that kind of
structure is helpful I don't know if you
saw that video from Asante I think it's
like a few months old then she talks
about it and like it can be nice to have
a plan and then if you deviate that's
cool you still gonna have a framework to
work with I just know that I want to
like going to work or working at home if
that's what I'm doing and I want to do
creative work that's what I know and so
it just wherever that takes me that's
where I go yeah I do not understand that
it's nice to just work at a place and
you have you know like retirement
savings going on and you just understand
exactly how much you're gonna make all
the time and there's value in that and
you know the ability to relax and that I
just I haven't found that type of work
where I am and I don't wanna stress out
myself
ya know I mean for me it's just similar
thing I bounce between those two
realities I think I'm wanting to just do
what I love and like just do but also I
think just coming from a very like
practical and logical like background
family whatever Dinah
where it's just like no no no but they
all say that I need this is enough from
the person who's gonna like do
engineering and I was like yeah very
like exactly a huge deviation so it's
like when I meet someone who's like
living in that truth yeah yeah I mean
it's not like it's stable and it's not
you know exactly what I want right now
but I feel like I'd much rather be doing
what I'm doing then work somewhere that
I I'm just like how much yeah I know
I've been there too even in that type of
position as well that's the word yeah so
okay okay the moss yeah so I live in
Lawrence Kansas and there's definitely a
lot of like advertising creative like
companies there but I feel like it's not
big enough where if it was like here or
if it was LA or something and so there's
not as much room or space to just keep
looking in a traditional workplace for
creative work so I feel like that's the
biggest thing for me I might move but I
might not know well let's just we'll
just see what happens what it like so if
you like keeping you want it to be do
you even want it to like necessarily be
writing based like when you feel me do
you like y know how I measure like
success what is success what are you
when you think Bianca Braun I'm
successful what Aang what are you doing
I'm working with people who I could
consider friends or maybe not I don't
know just like for acquaintances and
just lots of collaboration yeah yeah
that's what I think and money but not
like tons of money just like enough to
like get by and like travel sometimes
yeah yeah so I always like to end every
trying to be somebody okay how can we
support you you can send good vibes oh
we can't do that
you can eat some Jamaican beef patties
and matzo ball soup you could do that
you could also I guess you could follow
my podcast I do have a youtube channel
you can totally follow me in there if
you want to but the podcast is more
frequent so it's screen gab which I
don't know the SoundCloud URL afin you
can find us at underscore screen gap on
twitter and so we interact with people
and there's always lots of cute gifs
involved you can feel free don't you say
Joe yeah you know I was just this just
happened in the most recent podcast we
did and the person that I was recording
with was like you see jiff this like
just happened like what we could go I
was like I used to say gif and then I
just like I just go back and forth and I
guess I say jiff most often now I really
don't care you can say whatever you
wanna say I will link to the podcast in
the comments below or in the description
box yes so that way people can check it
out and then I didn't even know I even
know you had a podcast yeah so you know
I'm gonna go listen to it what's it
about
thank you it's like a film review
podcast so really yeah we just could see
movies like we've done wrote one we did
fantastic beasts and where to find them
hidden figures everything everything
we're in the process of like back
logging it to my youtube channel so you
can find it there too that's awesome all
over the place and you're you do it with
someone else yeah I do it with my friend
SJ do you so if someone wanted to hire
you to write some stuff uh-huh how could
they reach out to you to do that uh you
could go tonight WordPress which is
still wordpress.com WordPress Oh Bianca
Taylor Brown wordpress.com you can see
just some of the work that I've done
there you can get testimonials from
people I've worked for before and yeah
there's contact so check it out well
Bianca thank you for being on trying to
be somebody thank you for having me I'm
so excited like I said all of her
contact information will be in the
description box below if you are in the
in the need for a writer and it does
need to be location-based check her out
she's in Kansas if you are watching this
in transit check check her out and I'll
see you when I see
