hey everyone it's me hallease back with
another video when I'm running and
gunning for production I like to carry
my eBags TLS motherlode weekender
instead of a traditional camera bag
there are a few features that I really
enjoy about this bag one of them being
that there are a lot of different
pockets and sections that allow you to
be as organized as you want with this
bag and carry a variety of different
things the main compartment offers two
straps going across the width of the bag
four strap down support and a really
nifty fabric shelving system which again
makes organization a breeze and also
allows you to stack things without them
sliding all around the bag
a removable pouch is available as well
for may be dirty personal items and
last-minute belongings it has an
expandable zipper for when you really
need to pack it full adding a few extra
inches as well and finally hidden and
cushioned really well as a laptop tablet
holder with pocket and straps now when
I'm running and gunning this is the gear
I like to bring with it I can pretty
much be a one-woman band and capture
everything my heart desires while away
and edit on the fly if I so choose the
links to all my gear is in the
description box first off Jeff my Mavic
pro drone essential to any trip this
drone is so portable and lightweight
it's a must I like having a traditional
tripod around so when I need to lock off
a shot say for a time-lapse I can again
I keep the tripod in its pouch so if I
want to break off from my full bag I
have that capability and speaking of
time lapses this is my Sony nex-5 T
which is now called the a 5000 and I use
this camera specifically for sony's
time-lapse application and as a camera -
if I want a second angle for an
interview from my main camera I use the
Sony a 6500 and a basic lens package I
have a wide-angle mid-range and
telephoto lens I also use roads of video
micro when running and gunning and I
plug that directly into the camera this
all lives in my timber carrier I use
eBags cushioned pouches for all my
cabling and cords Jeff's charging pod
and power cables live in the big one all
my SD cards camera cleaning equipment
and card readers live in the middle
sized one and finally the smaller size
one holds all of my camera batteries
alright let's pack for the main
compartment
I put Jeff my tripod and the biggest
packing pouch with the mesh lining I add
my larger rode microphone that I keep
with me if I want to get better sound
than with the micro
for the front main pocket I add both
cameras hard drives and the remaining
two packing cubes and the power for my
laptop I like keeping a stuff in the
front pouch so I have a quick and easy
access the top pocket fits my Joby
Gorillapod
really well and of course my laptop goes
in the laptop sleeve last but not least
I use a Z clamp to hold my monopod
alongside the backpack and secure it
close by using the sides buckles of
course when you're running and gunning
you gotta stay hydrated in the comments
below let me know if you want me to
review this Q bottle quai bottle I don't
know
it was another impulse buy and that's
essentially how I pack for a run-and-gun
shoot earlier this year I used the setup
to shoot for Evelyn from the Internet's
we spent the day in the park so I kept
everything on my back so we wouldn't
have to go back and forth from a car and
it worked perfectly thanks for sticking
around to the end of this video I
reached out to e bags and they came in
clutch I have a free motherlode
weekender convertible to give away and
made sure to ask them for the full-size
one since I technically own the junior
size because I'm petite in order to win
the bag make sure you're following me on
Instagram at Holly's beast and comment
on the picture of this bag letting me
know what you plan to use it for in
about a week if you've won I'll slide in
to your Instagram DM asking you where I
can send you the bag if you're
interested in just purchasing the bag
for yourself from eBags
a direct link is below I'll see you when
I see you
