hey everyone me Holly's so something
once your doing is like commentary on
some of the films videos that I produce
on this channel just so you can get an
idea of some of the creative juices and
yeah just how I get to the end product
that you see so for this one we're going
to do the film journal about my time in
Miami find your vacations so so with
this first five seconds sound is really
important to me and part of that I think
is because of my background in music I
played piano and then I also was in band
all through high school played saxophone
I did drums or trumpet musics big and
sound as big in my family so that was
why I included some sound ambient sound
of the waves
and the idea was that even though I
didn't have the waves going throughout
the entire film you know you only
actually hear the ambient sound of the
location that I'm in within those first
five seconds and it's just a song and my
voice over for the rest I just really
wanted you to get this into place and
then within this first shot that guy
actually standing there next to the text
of South Beach
that's mr. hallease and this is actually
a drone shot something that I always do
whenever I'm about to slide Jeff is that
I always just hit record period because
that's usually the main thing that I
forget to do when I'm flying I'll be
flying and had it getting these great
shots and I'm looking at it like oh my
god it's so great and then I realized I
look to the corner and I haven't hit
record now I just hit record and so this
drone just really created this sort of
like crazy awesome tilt shift
perspective while I was setting some
things up on it and I just kind of went
with it so yeah that is mr. hallease
standing there keeping guard while i am
getting ready to fly the drone yeah and
even after that shot you know it's dark
for a minute I just really want you to
focus and get into the mindset of what
that song is
and how that song kind of sets the mood
and the tone I want for the entire film
and then finally we get the first drone
shot what was really fun about getting
this drone footage of the Miami of Miami
South Beach was that it was actually
kind of overcast for most of the time we
were there was very it was hardly ever
like blatantly sunny home this day it
actually was pretty sunny but you can
see in that shot that it's oddly dark
towards the back and that's because the
storm is on its way in and when I was
shooting this you know usually the best
time to give your own footages early in
the morning or late at night or kind of
the twilight of you know where it's
becoming night so that way you have more
of an even lighting and everything just
looks a little bit better but sometimes
you can't do that and you got to go
shoot your drone midday in harsh sun and
so what was really interesting about
getting these drone shots was I used
Indy filters which I actually did not
know existed for drones it was actually
Danny videographer a friend of mine who
let me know that you can get little ND
filters for your drone and so all the
drunk as you see is with an ND filter so
that way and your shot still looks
cinematic because shooting with a drone
it can tend to up the frame rate and
stuff in an attempt to try to capture
you know the best quality video that it
thinks so using an ND filter will force
the auto will force the auto features to
kind of lower a little bit keeping that
cinematic look that you want and that's
the thing about drone footage in general
is that you don't need to overthink it
you know the best drone footage is just
letting the scenery whatever you're
shooting speak for itself
so you know just a lot of the moves that
I did were very simple flying it forward
flying it back panning so yeah and then
from there you know we cut into these
kind of
centered framings of different shots and
the thing about all of this was that I
had watched moonlight I think maybe a
week or two before heading out to Miami
and so I was just really on my like
artistic moonlight vibe and I really
loved the idea of contrasting
african-american Nisour melanin as' with
this sort of classical victorian kind of
sound sounds like you don't readily
associate with black people and so that
was another reason why I made the song
choice that I made for this film I
really wanted you to kind of see me and
what it means to be me a black woman in
a different mindset I think with a lot
of content that you see on YouTube not
that there's anything wrong with it but
generally speaking you see African
Americans on here on this platform they
usually have kind of hip hop or RMB as
their undertone for all the content
they're producing because it's a
repetitive beat and it's not too
terribly distracting action from the
content you're pushing out and it helps
just move things along which is really
nice but for me you know playing piano
and all of that classical music is kind
of something that I've always known and
loved and a John Ruth at you know I just
I would like to see more of it on
YouTube so be the change you know I'm
saying you know the whole idea is film
was to just try to get you all into an
incredibly relaxed State
being so that way you could feel how I
felt being there the whole time
I was there for roughly eight days and
there's a much needed vacation one thing
I will say about this film though is the
last shot which I really like so the
last shot is a drone shot and you'll
notice that hopefully if you're watching
it it feels a little weird to you and
the reason that it feels a little weird
is because I'm doing a perspective shift
effect where the drone is flying forward
so naturally zooming in
but in post since I shot it at I think
2.5 k I'm actually zooming out so it
feels like the picture is pushing out
and so that makes this weird kind of
distorted view when you're watching it
and on to show you how I did that
in premiere so here's the shot it's
really simple right it's just a simple
Jeff is just flying straight forward
into towards the city towards Miami
South Beach proper any post here in
Premiere I have it so that the piece of
footage itself is actually pulling back
and zooming out the clip itself is
technically natively bigger than my
sequence I shot it in 2k and I assumed
it or I scaled it down over time so that
way you can see that awesome warping
effect that you get by the end of the
video so right now it's at a hundred
percent you can see it's really big so
we're just going to go in here and hit
the scale button and that creates one
keyframe there and then we're going to
go to the very last frame or wherever
you want you know and make another
keyframe button and then we're going to
bring it down
all you have to do is come here you can
type in a value or if you just hover
over it and then click and drag it'll
let you zoom down that way and so the
far right is there
71% it's still all in the frame there we
go and hit play so yeah that is a
commentary for the film find your
vacation let me know if this was
interesting if you found it or if it was
just kind of dull and boring I'm just
curious to set to know if this would be
helpful for some of you that have kind
of reached out asking different
questions about production and editing
and things like that and I figured the
best way to just be use my films as
examples of things I tell you so let me
know if this was helpful in the comments
below and I'll see you when I see you
you
