hey everyone it's me hallease and i'm
back with a hair update so it's been
around 15 months since I started locking
my hair and I just wanted to get on in
kind of one for my own record get an
update for myself since I haven't really
been on and fully shown my hair for
about three months now and to to update
y'all as well and kind of let y'all know
where I'm at with the LOC journey
overall you know one of my friends who
has been locked for 10 years she came by
to see me over the weekend and she you
know kind of reiterated like oh man
every time I see you your hair looks
longer it's looking so healthy so cool
and it took me a minute I was I was like
is it though is it longer and I had to
like go back and look at some of the
last video I made about my hair and
realize oh yeah it is significantly
longer and it made me remember why I do
this why I catalog this journey and why
I just catalog things in general because
it can be hard to you and you're in it
day to day you kind of don't see the
overall picture of how things are
getting better and you know can't see
the forest for the trees kind of
situation so that really brought to my
attention oh man I should probably do
another hair update yeah it's been
coming up on 15 months you know the
biggest thing that has happened since
the 1-year video I didn't start noticing
a little bit of buildup and some of the
front locks and I wanted to get rid of
that so I went ahead and did an apple
cider vinegar baking soda lemon juice
soaks in my kitchen sink and that
immediately got rid of any all the
little you know it's just the white you
get this a little bit of a white in on
your locks and it was very subtle and
that's a big thing about doing things
like that you know you want to nip those
types of things in the bud before they
get to the point where you've got
serious gunk in your hair and it's
taking two three four cleansing soap to
get it all out
I wouldn't recommend doing that kind of
intense so clean all the time it can be
very drying to your hair so you know I
it's been it had been 15 months and I
find
clean like that you know I probably as
my hair gets longer I'll probably do one
every maybe six to twelve months
somewhere in there just depends on how
my hair is feeling you know the biggest
thing for me about my entire journey is
just two things one is my scalp healthy
and - is my hair clean those are the two
things that I focus my entire regimen on
and I'm not really much here for the
aesthetics of locs you know like I don't
need to see my scalp I know it's there
but yeah those are the two big things
that I focus on is my scalp healthy and
as my hair clean the rest is just gravy
and to reiterate that aesthetically I've
combined a few locks you know because I
noticed that some of them at the base
we're beginning to get kind of weak I
just combined them because I wanted them
to be stronger and the front you know
edges the front has always been sort of
a problem area area gotta focus on take
care of be diligent with so you know
such as life you know I do wash more
often than I think most of the other
lockers that I kind of follow I wash my
hair two to three times a week depending
on how active I am you know this is
South Texas and I'm currently training
for a half marathon so I run three to
four times a week and so I need to
cleanse my hair that often to wash my
hair i use diluted dr. Bronner's castile
soap I use the peppermint lavender mint
one combined with a little bit of
lavender one because Heike actually
don't like the smell of peppermint at
all but it's the only soap that seems to
get my hair very clean without leaving
too much of a soap residue or soap scum
which in turn helps prevent buildup and
things like that I follow it up with the
dr. Bronner's citrus hair rinse I
stopped using it for a while thinking
like what is this really doing nothing
and immediately I started noticing a
little bit more build up and my hair
just felt drier and it's like
man okay this stuff works and have since
started using it again if my hair is
starting to feel dry in between washes
I'll use a little bit of rose water
sometimes with glycerin sometimes
without depends on the weather and
that's kind of it that's pretty much my
regimen like I said it's really focused
on keeping my hair clean and keeping my
scalp healthy my stop my scalp is
healthiest when there is as little
product natural or synthetic in it as
possible my scalp really doesn't like
having a lot of oils on it even when I
was a loose natural it didn't like that
so now that I'm locked to try to
maintain that idea as well
that's pretty much it I don't know
that's that's pretty much my whole
regimen and that's also I don't really
make a lot of videos about my hair
anymore because nothing is really
changing it's more just about
consistency and journey update on the
last time I retouched my hair I have I
still have it retouched my hair since
December of 2016
I haven't felt the need to once the need
presents itself I will
I mean I've touched you know every now
and then I will kind of notice that
there are a few sprigs of hair that have
gotten kind of wildly like I'll have a
five or seven strands sticking out that
are kind of long and so I'll just add
those to what lock they're supposed to
be in and do like a quick interlock you
know and only just one go just enough to
just lock it into the hair and that's it
but other than that I haven't gone
through and done an entire interlock of
my whole head or anything like that
because I just haven't felt need to my
locks seem to be locking into themselves
over time they just need time but so
yeah anyway in the comments below who in
the comments below something I would
really like to know is for all of my
fellow locked folks out there what are
you using a washer hair just curious I'm
always into trying new things and you
know dr. Bronner's works well enough I'm
not unhappy with it but like I said I'm
not really down for peppermint and the
peppermint one seems to be the one that
works the best for locs for whatever
reason so if you know of any other
shampoos prefer that are
you know very light and residue no
residue free as residue free as possible
let me know in the comments below and
also let me know if there's anything
like specific you want to know about
what I do to maintain my hair locks
tutorials things like that because yeah
it's just kind of hard for me to you
know like hair isn't my number-one
concern
in life you know all I'm doing is
checking in to make sure again is my
scalp healthy and is my hair clean and
that's it so you know if there's
anything specific you want me to talk
about any topics specifically about my
hair and just locks in general let me
know in the comments below I'll see you
when I see
you
