so you've probably noticed in my little
doggie blogs that I have been obsessed
with slow-motion footage in this
tutorial I'll show you two ways to shoot
slow-motion footage using a traditional
camera and an iPhone and then how to
bring that footage into premiere and
work with it so the first way to shoot
slow-motion footage is via a camera with
high frame rate ape abilities
I'm currently renting the Sony a 65
hundred from borrow lenses calm for beta
it can shoot 120 FPS which stands for
frames per second if you don't know
about FCS it's basically how many times
the camera takes a picture per second
when shooting video all video is is a
string of moving pictures the most
commonly used frame rate is about 24
frames per second because anything below
that looks really choppy and like
stop-motion II you can actually see the
individual frames or pictures and it
doesn't provide that seamless movement
of the natural eye anything above that
is pretty much just extra which allows
you to add and create different effects
or really focus in on the details of
something moving very fast so first
thing is shoot whatever you want to
shoot I shot some water boiling for the
sake of this tutorial with the a 6500 I
went into the camera settings and change
them to shoot 120 frames per second at
1080p with 100 m so not only is it
shooting 120 photos or images per second
it's also getting a lot of information
on each image to create the video clip
now if you don't have a camera like the
Sony a 65 hundred
shoot at a higher framerate chances are
your phone shoots at a higher framerate
- while you lose the capabilities of
adjusting things like ISO and shutter
and white balance you'll probably still
achieve at least a similar look for
exponentially lower cost I have an
iPhone 7
not even the 7s plus or whatever they
call it but just regular regular iPhone
7 to shoot at a higher frame rate
natively you just go into the camera
settings and change them now we've
gotten our slow-motion footage on both
the Sony and my iPhone 7 let's hop into
Premiere Pro disclaimer
I moved from Final Cut Pro 7 to Premiere
Pro about five or so years ago now all
the shortcuts that you'll hear me using
are based on changing premiers shortcut
functions to match Final Cut Pro 7
because that's what I learned when I was
back when I was in college and all of
that and so premiere just made it really
easy for me to adjust and switch from
Final Cut Pro 7 to it's a platform by
doing that so here I've started a new
project called slow motion I'm importing
the footage from my SD card from the a
6500 and I just air dropped my
slow-motion footage from my iphone to my
macbook
you'll notice that I put the a 6500
footage in twice there's a reason for
that I like to keep one clip natively
the same how its imported and then I
adjust the others so I can easily go
back and forth between the two during
editing
you don't have to do that I just liked
you so I'm gonna go ahead and label one
slowed now when you drop these clips
onto the timeline they play relatively
normally you don't really see the slow
motion even though you shot at a higher
frame per second you can achieve it by
adjusting the speed manually which gives
you more creative freedom during your
editing so hit command J which brings up
the speed duration adjustments and just
start playing around I notice going
lower than 20% begins to give you some
choppiness and glitch and your slow
motion isn't quite as smooth another way
to do it is to go to the clip you label
its load right click on it go to modify
interpret footage and adjust it to be
whatever frame rate your sequences in my
case because I'm here in America it's 24
frames per second you'll notice your
clip is longer now and it's natively
playing the clip at 24 frames per second
which will give it that slow-motion
effect
now you can drag this clip into your
timeline and again adjust accordingly
boom that's two ways to play around with
slow-motion footage from your camera now
to your iPhone footage it's essentially
the same thing
so yeah that's how you can shoot import
and edit slow motion footage go out an
experiment I find that shooting really
mundane things in slow motion adds a
flare to my everyday life and sparks
creativity for me just taking in the
detail and noticing the green on a plant
or the intricacies of boiling water it
gives me a whole new appreciation for
existence in all its forms just saying I
would love to see what you all create
link to anything you shoot in slow
motion in the comments below or throw it
up on Instagram and at me I'm at Holly's
Beast anyway I hope this helps and I'll
see you when I see you which in this
case will be tomorrow because it's beta
