how to find these are for your videos
the it's hard there's a couple of
different ways that you can find music
for your videos and I'll go over a few
of them pre pretty quickly so the first
one is fine music for your videos is to
just use copyrighted music this is
definitely a used at your own risk type
situation so for example youtube has a
music policies section and you can go in
there and see one the popularity of the
song you're trying to use and to what
are the restrictions on it now usually
most songs the restrictions are
different countries that the song just
won't play in if you upload a video with
the samel in it and or monetization
restrictions and usually what it is that
you can't monetize the video anymore but
the copyright holder of the song can
monetize the videos so for example this
week in beta I shot a docu blog about
just my day it was a day in the life
type vlog and I believe I called it the
world is dull or something like that and
for that vlog I used a song by this band
called Sylvan Esso called coffee and I
used it because I really felt like that
song gave an overall mood and tone to
that video that I wanted which was kind
of melancholy malaise and I combed
through all the other avenues that will
go over about where to find music and I
didn't really feel like I could ever
find a song that really gave that
feeling as well as that song did so for
me I am I looked up the copyright on
Sylvan Esso on YouTube platform saw that
I just couldn't monetize the video and
that whoever owns the rights to that
song which I'm assuming is sylvan esas
like you know music label or whatever
will be able to if they want to put ads
on that video
and gain revenue from that which on
boundless because they mean if that
means Sylvan Esso gets a cut then cool
because I really like that band so you
know that's one way to do it again so
use at your own risk kind of thing gotta
roll the dice on it and just hope for
the best on deck another thing to keep
in mind too is the popularity of the
copyrighted music guys using you know
there's a lot of songs that are really
really popular and I like that YouTube
gives you a popularity gauge with the
song that you're looking up because i
personally think if the song is very
very popular chances are it's actually
hindering the overall message and view
of your video more than it's helping and
that's because if the song is really
popular me know that means a lot of
people know about it and a lot of people
are already associating that song with
something else when they hear that song
they have a very specific vision of
something else that may collide with
what vision message story you're trying
to tell you know I used the Sylvan Esso
song too because when I looked up looked
it up on YouTube and I saw popularity
tell me about half percent you know so
that probably means most of my audience
doesn't know Silva so you know and I'm
actually introducing them to a new
artists generally speaking a good rule
of thumb is if you have heard the song
and an ad already it's probably too
popular the next place that you could go
is YouTube itself YouTube does have an
archive of free music to its creators
that you can look up and use I have
never used a free song off of youtube
archive just haven't done it most of you
cuz I feel like it's free so that means
while there probably is some good tracks
on there again it's that same idea of
popularity I'm relatively sure the good
tracks have probably been used literally
millions of times so this
it's not going to add to my overall
aesthetic if you're watching my video
and you hear a song that you've heard on
40 other youtubers videos you know so
it's about differentiating yourself and
how much that is worth to you are you
willing to lose the potential Adsense
revenue off of that video because you
really want that song or are you not and
in that case you need to find a song
that you pay for and in general I mean
you should pay for it when you can you
know like pay artists the next one is
the one that I use pretty regularly
actually both professionally and on this
channel and that is bio jump with all
your jungle you pay per song and usually
the songs are no more than thirty
dollars I don't think I've ever paid
more than thirty dollars for an audio
jungle song and you know there's a lot
of music on that platform however econo
you have to go through and find all the
good songs you know for every other so
what I feel is a good song or a great
song on audio jungle there's probably
about 300 min songs I have combed
through so many songs but and purchased
so many songs that the algorithm has
begun to work in my favor on that
platform and I have different folders on
there where I have like a vlogging
folder and a business folder and all
this like an avant-garde folder you know
just different genres and things like
that another thing I do when I'm bored
I'm just sitting at home kind of
twiddling my thumbs I get on audio
jungle and a start listening to songs
without even having made a video that I
need a song for and finally the last
place that I'm pretty sure you can find
decent music is through a
subscription-based service like epidemic
so it's subscription-based you sign up
and
essentially you pay a monthly fee and
you just get access you get access to
their whole library and you can use
their songs on your your youtube videos
they're really cool thing about epidemic
too is that they actually break up songs
by the bass beat the instrumentals of
vocals so you can it just gives you more
control in your cut to you know maybe
drop the bass out of this section
because you feel like that will work
more visually with what you're doing and
bring the bass back in bring the drums
back down just it gives you so much you
can work with I'm your first month was
usually free on that platform and so for
me I have known of epidemic for a while
but I went ahead and signed up for
epidemic now during beta when I knew I'd
need a little bit more music and it's
free until the end of the month so we'll
see how it goes I'm liking it I believe
I've already used two or three songs
from epidemic if you have other any
ideas on where and how to find music for
videos for YouTube let people know in
the comments below so that way creative
juices can get flowing art can be made
we can see and feel cool stuff because
that's the thing with music music is
what helps you set a mood set a tone for
a whole video I'll see you when I see
you which will be tomorrow because of
theta
you
