guys can you have to have the TPS
throttle position system sensor you got
to put that on first and wiring in then
we got to put through our speed sensor
we got a wired out in this is my dad
he's helping me a storage at a diet in
1987 dritte grand wagoneer i purchased
off a guy in an RV park for twenty five
hundred dollars about two years ago
steel or everything else up then when
you first powered up he said you gotta
ask you for the TPS sensor reading so
you're going to mash it all the way to
the floor and let it all the way back up
and it the computer says state okay then
you can start I grew up helping and
watching my dad fix things from medical
equipment to old cars and everything in
between he's a tinkerer he's always
working on something and i was like he
said i bet me guess you didn't want to
hook it up you guys i was Keith rochas
game zombie scared oh oh is it either
goes here but it looks you hey let's get
one two three four if it go for first of
all you know you screwed up once we
screw up what happens then we just try
it again yes I originally wanted to
restore the wagon to use reshoots so I
had something fun to put my gear in but
now it's more about just spending time
with him and working on this project
together great prom we might have a
cable around here that can fit this
grown in sensor reading which one which
I don't know you anyway we got to mount
this and wire it up for it to be right
they give you this little mounting
bracket for your stuff on the Gul ragat
fully works though yeah okay you still
smack you when i look at the wagon and
how much I spent on the light and I see
any quantifiable memories that I'm
making it could end up being right there
go you got a lot of cable okay we got a
lot of cable we can mount it over here
somewhere against the wall something all
we can mount it closer but I thought
squared up right about here and run it
over there right
