hey guys Anthony Holly's back with
another video I've recently been into
packing videos I've also been really
obsessed with only having carry-ons when
I travel on my Amazon wishlist this past
Christmas I had this backpack
it's eBags weekender bag I first saw it
as most things as an ad on Facebook and
immediately drawn to it and added it to
my Christmas list I really love this bag
because it's super flat which makes
carrying a lot of things in it not so
cumbersome on your back because it sits
so close to your body the weight
distribution is really good also this
bag is great as a carry-on because of
the many compartments and the ease of
use getting through TSA the idea behind
this bag is you don't have to remove
your laptop from it at all you just lay
it flat on the conveyor belt and the
material used here makes it easier for
them to see your luggage etc I haven't
tried this yet
I've only traveled via car with this bag
but I'm excited to try it out if you
have this bag and have gone through TSA
with it with a laptop let us know in the
comments below how that went so I'm
going to use this bag to show you all
how I pack for an overnight stay usually
it's when I'm going to Austin for a
couple days so first my clothes so e
bags also has packing cubes I use the
medium sized one for my clothes PJs
socks
underoos and you know what I'll just be
wearing for the next few days
it all fits perfectly and goes in the
front side of my background
second toiletries again having a nice
compact toiletry bag is really big for
me and bags once again makes a really
good toilet read bag so everything
you're seeing here fits into my toiletry
bag really well and what's awesome about
this bag is it lays flat which helps not
only with this backpack but also if you
use a traditional roller bag
I also love how this toiletry bag has
one side that's plastic lined for things
like my black soap or other liquid and
also an expansion section which works
great for holding my daily contacts so
now without the front of the backpack is
now practiced now on to my tech as y'all
know I'm a video producer and an editor
so no matter where I'm going I'm always
bringing these essentials for anything
and everything I want to shoot so first
I go ahead and I put my laptop and
creativity journal in my laptop pocket
next I put my camera and it's timba BYOD
carrier I like using the carrier because
when I want to be mobile I can easily
have my camera right at my side ready to
use I put it towards the bottom because
it's a little heavier and I don't want
anything to get squished next I take my
smaller eBags packing cube and I use
that for holding my drive and my h1 and
to do that I use four sounds
in the back of this backpack there's a
really awesome no crush section and
Internet's at my power cables but if you
have high quality headphones and you can
like that this is a great place to put
those things to the backpack also comes
with a net plastic lined baggy I
generally use this for my dirty socks
and under roof in the front I put any
little final knick knacks 10 travel
books Chargers my passport if I were
traveling internationally you can be as
organized as you want with this bag
which is why I really like it
finally I clip on my monopod in one of
the extra weeks
available in the front of the backpack I
made a video about this monopod a year
or two ago I'll link to it in the Eye of
Sauron and that's it this is how I pack
for a quick weekend or overnight trip
with my essentials thanks for sticking
around to the end of this video this
month I want to give away this toiletry
bag because I seriously love this
toiletry bag you can enter to win this
toilet aback by heading over to Twitter
at me and let me know where you're
planning on traveling this year and why
my Twitter handle is at Molly's
I'll pick a winner after about a week
and I'll slide into yo DM letting you
know if you've won and requesting and
addressing on where to send the bag
if in a week I ain't solidity a DM then
you didn't win again if you're not into
giveaways everything I've discussed in
the video is in the description box if
you want to check it out and purchase it
for yourself that's me
I'll see you when I see
