all right Cora video take one hey
everyone it's me hallease back with
another video in the clue voices series
I wanted to get on and talk to you about
Cora a tampon a company that is
available via subscription and in Target
they approached me a few months back to
review their tampons for them and I was
really excited to do that because I
wanted to present another option to you
as y'all know I use a combination of
menstrual cups and period panties to
monitor my cycle when it starts but I
know for a lot of you that is something
that you're not really into and you you
know it might not be your bag so I think
this is another great alternative for
you if you are so inclined to be in the
tampon family but want to switch up
maybe the brands that you use I was
essentially given their first month
subscription package it consists of a
package of tampons a combination of
super-sized tampons and their regular
sized tampons I was also given their
little black box that basically sits in
your vanity or your bathroom as a way
for you to store said tampons I was also
given their little black clutch as a way
for again you to store your tampons when
you're out and about during the day so
you can fill this up with the tampons
you think you'll need for the day this
is faux leather so if you vegan you can
still balance with this it's faux
leather you good and they also gave me a
lot of stowaways and these are meant to
be just one-off tampons that you can
keep in your again keeping your purse
your backpack if a friend needs a tampon
maybe they're running low or you know as
many of us know usually if you're not on
any type of hormonal birth control while
you can more or less know when your
period is going to begin we all get
surprised every now and then so a little
quick stowaway
is great as well so overall I actually
really enjoyed this product it's been 2
or 3 years actually since I've used
tampons so there was actually a bit of a
learning curve for me that um was
comical you know I kind of forgot how to
use tampons a little bit but yeah it's a
really great product I really love how
sleek and sophisticated their overall
design is the design is very
monochromatic which I really like it's a
combination of blacks whites grays and
the overall design of the tampons too
and the packaging is really cool
something that I find really fascinating
about their tampon design which I really
like is how compact they've made their
tampons so when you open one of the
tampons the applicator is compacted into
the tampon itself to have the applicator
work correctly you then pull down the
insertion and then push back up so
that's really cool because it saves on
space from what I remember from tampons
they were significantly longer with this
innovation and design it makes them a
lot more compact and easy to travel with
etc I'm going to keep all of the
stowaways to put in my purse in my
backpacks etc because and in my
suitcases because once again while I'm
usually pretty good about monitoring my
cycle using my clue app and knowing more
or less when it's going to start
accidents do happen and sometimes I
won't have my menstrual cup with me so
these are a really great alternative to
just having something around in case you
know nature calls I also like how its
subscription-based if you go to the kora
website you can build a subscription
model for yourself they will mail you
three months worth of supplies at a time
you answer a few questions for them
based on how many tampons you usually
use during a cycle and how many of them
do you want to be super how many of them
want you want to be regular etc and then
they will build a package for you which
is really cool if you're the type of
person that once again isn't really good
about making sure you have everything
you need when you need
etcetera or if you are the type of
person that is a little self-conscious
or a little shy about going to a
conventional brick-and-mortar store to
purchase your sanitary products this can
be a great alternative for you with the
subscription-based service and it's
relatively affordable seven to eighteen
dollars a month depending on how intense
your package is but they are also
available now in Target so that's cool
too if you are still the tech person
where you don't mind going into a store
you can buy their product the last thing
about kora that I really appreciate
about them is that they are a company
with a conscience so for every box of
their products that you buy they donate
a box of tampons to a girl in need in
India it can be hard for young girls
once they start their cycles to have
access to sanitary products regularly so
much so that a lot of times they will
need to drop out of school or miss five
or six days a month from school every
time their cycle begins so this is
empowering women and empowering young
girls to be able to continue their
education and I'm down for that
you know like I'm here for that so if
you're the type of person that likes to
purchase with a conscience definitely
check out kora for that as well so Cora
has been kind enough to offer me a
subscription code to pass on to y'all
but it is 20% off your first
subscription purchase with them go ahead
and use it it'll be available I believe
through January 23rd of 2017 also thanks
for sticking around to the end of this
video and in the spirit of trying to pay
it forward in the year 2017 I will be
giving away this package of products
that I receive from Cora to one of you
so if you head over to my facebook don't
wanna do this on Facebook or do this on
Twitter
let's do Facebook so if you head over to
my facebook page and head over to the
teaser that I made to promote this video
comment on it with something
anything and that is how you will be
entered in to win this set of free
tampon products from Chora so yeah
that's me
I'll see you when I see you feel free to
follow me on social media if the spirit
moves you I try to push out new videos
every Monday at noon but like don't
quote me on that I'm in these streets
I'm trying to live my life I'm trying to
be somebody above all things I will see
you when I see you
