second 10k training vlog take one so as
you all know I'm using the Nike run Club
app to train for a 10k that's gonna be
here in San Antonio I want to say
December 4th she'll look at the day you
should have she look today and like buy
into it or whatever anyway this is the
longest distance I've ever gone in a
race or just in general I'm actually on
week five of the nine week course that
the app has built for me this week I
actually ran the furthest I've ever run
I ran five miles without stopping yeah
I've just I've never done that before so
if you follow me on snapchat you you
probably got to see my response to that
and how I was just like what I mean I
hated everything I hated everyone and I
hated everything after that run was done
you know whatever but like I did it you
know like I'm here like I'm out here
running okay yeah like I said I've never
run that far before in my life so it's
really cool to just have this app to
sort of guide the process of getting to
this point something else that happened
during that run I was telling mr. police
about it after I got back from it he's
just like you know what made you keep
going and I kind of referenced the whole
so nerdy I referenced Harry Potter and
the Prisoner of Azkaban and how you know
there's a part where he does like the
Patronus charm and it's like crazy
intense and he thinks his dad is the one
that did it but it turns out he's the
one that did it
I kind of I told him it felt like that I
was like I've already run four miles
before this and I wasn't too terribly
tired after the four miles so I already
knew I could do it I just had to do it
and then he was like I'm gonna go ahead
and be Hermione and say that doesn't
make sense it was like I know it doesn't
but like it does in my head I've kind of
technically already done it so I'll just
do it you know I think the biggest thing
that's really cool about this is that
I'm really not scared about running the
10k now now that I've hit five miles
like yes I'm I was beat but I did it you
know that was really exciting the other
thing that I've noticed about just now
that I've been using the Nike running
Club app for a while is that how it's
like affected my overall lifestyle a
little bit and not in any huge drastic
ways these were things that I already
kind of did but it is having this sort
of effect and this is why when I do
decide that I want to be more physically
active I set like a goal for myself to
achieve that physical activity not
necessarily just like I'm gonna start
getting in shape with no end goal in
mind for me anyway it becomes more about
what can I do to have the best end goal
possible so for me it's like what can I
do to make this 10k run the best run
I'll have to to date so I'm starting to
make little life tweaks to fit that so
in regards to like drinking more water
after this 5k run I had not been
drinking enough water that day which was
why I wanted to kill everything at the
end of it because I was incredibly
dehydrated at the end of it and it's
because I I was bad that I was bad that
day I didn't do my usual setup of you
know drinking water in the morning and
just like having it throughout the day
and then also alcohol like I'm not much
of a drinker as it is but even now it's
getting to the point where if I know I'm
gonna go on a run the next day I'm not
drinking the day before because I like
I've done it right I've had a beer like
a light beer like nothing serious and
then set to go on a run the next day and
I can feel how sluggish I am I can feel
how much I'm just not into it and I'm
over it and I'm just like ready for the
run to be over and I know it's because
of the alcohol that's a good thing
because it also just like limits the
overall the amount of alcohol you're
consuming you know you know it's it's
it's all these little life tweaks that
are happening subconsciously and
consciously that are making me better
just building good habits for me to have
overall you know another thing
is that like my weight I don't really
feel like I've lost and you wait I
definitely feel like the fat that I do
have is distributing a little bit
differently now but um I haven't weighed
myself in a while because they just kind
of don't feel the need to but and that's
kind of not the point of this goal the
goal for me isn't to like hit some kind
of weight goal really but I do feel like
my my fat and like weight distribution
has shifted Mike I can tell that my legs
are getting thicker but leaner at the
same time I can tell that I'm getting
leaner up top - I like that I'm like
shrinking down at the top a little bit
that like big arms for someone my side
we're all our own worst critics y'all
know this finally on the last video a
lot of y'all commented with what y'all
do to like stay mentally in in the run
which is something that I've been
working on and yeah I think that's
that's the big growth that I've had this
slat these last weeks week and a half or
so is how much mentally I've grown to be
able to just run for an hour and not
become mentally exhausted by it and one
of y'all put on there like listening to
podcasts which I totally do now usually
end up running right around the time
that marketplace comes on on NPR Kyra's
doll is BAE I love that dude so I love
listening to marketplace a lot mom and
run and marketplace is like 30 minutes
so you know now I can run like 3 miles
in 30 minutes so it's great that really
takes out a big chunk of a run just
listening to marketplace and I really
get into it because of the content that
they produced is really interesting to
me and also a lot of you I'll put like
some really great songs that I kind of
forgot about like whenever y'all put
blow the whistle and I was just like I
completely forgot that song existed and
it's so good it's so high a lot of y'all
put really good hype songs that I have
begun to add to my run playlist as well
so thank you for that if y'all have any
more
coming but yeah that's kind of where I'm
at with the app and with this 10k
challenge like I said I'm just chugging
along and following everything that the
app is telling me to do and I think it's
going well so yeah until next time I'll
see you when I see you don't forget to
start your week with me I push out new
videos every Monday at noon Central Time
and make sure to follow me on social
media so you can stay in tune with
everything I've got going on I'll see
you when I see you
