um how did you skunk afire your dog take
two hey everyone it's me hallease so if
you have been watching my snapchat than
you know we have had a skunk problem in
this year house and the other week my
lovely dog Dakota decided to try to take
on a skunk and of course she lost
miserably so I figured out go ahead and
make a video of how to do skunk off I
your dog if they decide to take on a
skunk and lose so the best recipe I
found that worked for her really well
was a combination of hydrogen peroxide
baking soda and a little bit of dawn
soap you can flub or adjust this recipe
based on the size of your dog with my
dog Dakota she's an Australian Shepherd
Cattle Dog mix and she weighs about 40
pounds and this was enough of a mixture
for her to watch her once in the
solution and essentially you just wash
your dog in this and use it as a shampoo
the way you would any other shampoo so
you know work it massaged into their fur
be cognizant of their eyes be cognizant
of their mouth you know make sure to if
you need to wash off their face because
a lot of skunks do like to spray
directly into the face you know take a
little bit in your hand and work it on
to their muzzle tilt their head back and
work it on to their head and ears become
a scent of their eyes when you're
rinsing all of that sort of thing and
this worked really well I washed her
with it once and it was enough to
discography her and pretty much get her
smell back to just you know generic dog
smell and then I followed it up with my
favorite doggie Cologne that we have for
her that is also a flea and tick
repellent Cologne the sooner you can
wash them off post spray the better
letting it simmer you know that ankle
especially if your dog is an indoor dog
like mine Dakota is mostly an indoor dog
so you know keep that in mind when they
get sprayed if you can do it outside
even better but
you know I mean my dog is my baby blah
blah blah and you know I personally
don't like washing her outside because
the water outside is cold and she's
shivering and you know I'm whipped
so whatever yeah I just wanted to get on
and show y'all how you can discuss a
fire your dog if they do get sprayed by
a skunk I hope this helps I'm Holly's
I'll see you when I see you don't forget
to start your week with me I push out
new videos every Monday at noon central
time and make sure to follow me on
social media so you can stay in tune
with everything I've got going on I'll
see you when I see you
