a seat at the table take one 2016 has
been just such an oddly eclectic year
first it's sour then it's sweet 2016
sometimes I just can't with you but then
sometimes I can 2016 chill
I mean 2016 has to be a Gemini fight me
Gemini's by Friday was a high for 2016
because Solange dropped a seat at the
table and I'll tell y'all what my black
ass sat down at it ok
this album was the musical manifestation
of my mental state this album had me
prancing through a secret garden that
was like filled with the flowers of my
melon ated pride but also the weeds of
my woes Beyonce drop lemonade earlier
this year and in so many words she was
just like screw y'all I'm black my baby
black men suck sometimes and bow down
you know it was necessary and then
Solange has now dropped a seat at the
table which is more like I am a melon
ated empress that is often afflicted by
the struggles of my people but yet I am
also blessed to see how we create such
beauty and triumph from our collective
burden both messages are equally
necessary valued and so appreciated
I feel like when Beyonce gets into an
argument or as angry she'd probably like
throws things and is just ready to throw
bows like she's probably just had to be
like you know all my life I had to fight
but I think Solange I think when Solange
gets angry although actually we have
sing her angry and that elevator didn't
we pay anyway I think once but I feel
like so launched probably takes a
different way I feel like so launched
probably comes at it from she probably
hits you psychologically you know she
probably could tell her quiet when she
gets angry and you're thinking you have
the upper hand in the argument and then
she just hits you with a you know it's
just funny how she just brings up some
Sikh
stuff that you just told your therapist
but but she are where she always knew
because she has a master's in in
psychology she was like a doctorate in
psychology so she's just like you know
you know what it's fine it's fine
I know you're just doing this because
your mom didn't show up to your birthday
party when you turned five and it was
her job to bring the cake and we both
know she made enough money to afford one
and we both know she didn't have to
do that day I know it's just because of
that anyway
the point of the story is Solange
dropped a seat at the table this weekend
and it is a really awesome album you
should definitely go check it out
because for me it was the album that I
didn't know I needed this year and I'm
so happy that she has given it to us
don't forget to start your week with me
I push out new videos every Monday at
noon central time and make sure to
follow me on social media so you can
stay in tune with everything I've got
going on I'll see you when I see you
