where I stay / be shameless take two hey
everyone it's me Holly's kind of
breaking protocol on it's gonna be so
upset she'll get over it though I wanted
to come to y'all and talk to you about a
video series that I'm really trying to
push and get on to this channel called
where I stay before I kind of get into
it let me just show you the intro hi my
name is holly's I'm a video producer and
an editor I decided to start this
journey to learn about myself as a black
America and how people of the African
Diaspora have influenced cities states
countries and continents I figured it
would be most bidding to start off in
the city where I stay Austin Texas and
bring you all along for the ride this is
where i stay austin
so yeah that's in a nutshell the video
pilot episode that I'm trying to finish
is based in austin and where i stayed
for the past eight years or so of my
life and about the african-american
community there my goal is to eventually
have this show you know span across the
country and then go global and bringing
you know the African Diaspora and all
its diversity and its history and its
culture to you and so yeah I've been
working on this pilot now for the past
year i first started shooting content
for it in September of 2015 with the
help of Evelyn from the internets
actually and a few of my other good
friends my friend grace Hathaway who's
also an independent producer in Austin
so essentially I've gotten the project
as far as I can get it with sweat equity
alone as you could see I've used the
equipment that i do have at my disposal
to push the project forward I've used my
own skills as a producer and an editor
and you know a little bit of graphics to
push the project forward but essentially
it's now at the point where it needs
financial help to become finished it
needs financial help in a few ways one
to finish the graphics and the animation
that I want to add to it
to to pay for the licensing fees for a
lot of the historical photos that i am
using in the piece from the austin
history center and the african-american
archive it is in desperate need of a
sound mix finally it needs PR once this
first pilot episode is finished I want
to work with my friend ah no Vargas who
is a public relations and marketing
professional and she's excited about the
project too and she wants to help me get
it out there get it get it really
hardcore funded and get it to the next
step and that requires building a press
kit media kits reaching out you know
building social for it you know all that
kind of stuff that I can do but I can't
do as well as someone else so I have all
these resources at my disposal but not
the financial support to utilize these
resources and so that's where y'all come
in I want to ask y'all what can I do and
what can I provide to you all to
monetize myself a little bit on and I
have been talking back and forth about
possibly allowing people to download
some of my photography digitally and
then from that you can you know use it
as your background if you want to on
your computer or take that digital high
res digital photo and get it printed to
whatever size you want and now you have
either a wall mural or you know a simple
framed photo things like that maybe I
don't know put it on a tote put it on a
pillow I don't know so I'd be really
interested if any of y'all have any
ideas to monett of how I should monetize
myself and what you would be willing to
pay for said monetization because I want
it to be a reciprocal thing I don't want
y'all to just give me your heart and
money I want to earn your money yeah if
you have any ideas please let me know in
the comments below I have a paypal
account um Holly set Gmail it is there
you can send money as a friend or
whatever so you avoid the fees
associated with paypal if you blindly do
that just know that you will be getting
a producer credit you're gonna you will
be getting some sort of producer credit
on this piece for sure if you do
because you'll be like one of the
original investors but um you'll also
notice that I'm starting to try to build
a schedule around my youtube videos and
trying to push out content every Monday
at twelve noon central time and trying
to be on social media a little bit more
a little more consistently build a
schedule all of that all of that is with
help of my friend honor you know I'm
really just trying I'm just trying to be
out Chea you know the introvert and me
its heart I forget that I need to just
like tell you be shameless about it and
whatnot hate telling y'all like like and
subscribe but you know like and
subscribe because ideally because here's
the thing ideally I get brands to fund
this okay how to get brands and their
budgets to fund this and then y'all are
just reaping the benefits of seeing it
for free that's ideally what I want I
don't want to take your hard-earned
money I want to take their money but I
don't have influence I don't have a
significant amount of subscribers or
followers or you know I'm not
influential so you know I have to become
influential okay so that's the struggle
that's like the vicious cycle I'm in
right now so yeah that's me and back to
regularly scheduled programming I also
have a video out on Monday coming up so
yeah I'll see you when I see you don't
forget to start your week with me I push
out new videos every Monday at noon
central time and make sure to follow me
on social media so you can stay in tune
with everything I've got going on I'll
see you when I see you
