four months locked take one
it is officially been four months since
I started locking my hair and for this
one I'm gonna go ahead and just do a
little swoop back so y'all can see the
progression of month one month two month
three and month for today I actually
went back and watched all of them so I
could see my own progression and it has
been such a transformation at first I
think you know you're in it day to day
you don't really see the nuance in the
differences which is why I'm really
happy that I actually have been
cataloging this experience so as you all
know I've moved here to San Antonio and
I've been back for about a month or so I
have noticed that I have to wash my hair
a lot more often to maintain and to not
have buildup on my scalp and that didn't
used to be an issue for me and in Austin
even when I was being very active and so
I've realized that the reason for that
is that the water here is incredibly
hard when I fill a little pot with water
and put it on the stove and let it boil
for a little while I can see the
sediment like I can see the residue that
is being removed or separated from the
water dealing with that in terms of my
hair care has been a little troublesome
I'm gonna start looking into things that
I can do to maybe soften the water I
really I don't want to be bougie and buy
like gallons of distilled water just to
wash my hair buildup has always been an
issue for me I've always had been have
I've always had to be really cognizant
of maintaining a clean scalp so yeah
something I will do though is probably
switch shampoos as you all know I use
the Jason two-in-one shampoo when I feel
like my scalp is beginning to get a
little bit of an infection or just isn't
balancing or it doesn't seem to want to
get clean all the way I'll switch over
to Jason's sulfur-based dandruff shampoo
because it's a really great shampoo it's
really strong it but isn't stripping and
it really just eliminates any kind of
just you know infection whatever kind of
skin stuff is going on on my scalp it
really just gets rid of it and just
knocks it out real quick the downside of
using it though is that it makes your
hair smell like sulfur the second thing
I've noticed is the difference in hair
growth and how that affects my
retightening routine so I think in the
last video I talked about how I'm mostly
retightening every four weeks or so it's
about once a month and that's still
relatively accurate
I just finished tightening up the top
today um but I've noticed that you know
the sides of my head and the back don't
really need that much attention I have
about half an inch of new growth which
makes sense your hair grows about half
an inch a month I have about half an
inch of new growth here and because the
new growth is growing into the lock so
they don't really require much
maintenance and even though there is a
new growth here I don't really feel a
great urge to tighten them so this month
I'm not going to tighten them because
they don't really need it I'll separate
a few but even that is not something
that I really have to worry about now
for the top like this corridor from here
down I it's like clockwork at 3 weeks I
need to get in there and tighten them
and tighten them back up because the new
growth 1 this area of my hair grows the
fastest you'll notice how long these are
compared to the back right these are
like almost twice yeah
like literally almost twice as long
compiled with the fact that it doesn't
grow into the locks I'll end up with
this throw this intense furrow under my
locs
and I have to get in there and break
them up or I'll just end up with one big
huge lock on the top of my head which I
don't want so essentially I am now on a
two tiered tightening schedule I tighten
up the top about once a month and then
the rest of my head I'll tighten up once
every two months there's still locks in
here that at the end of each month when
I come back in and tighten at the top
that are unraveling that have unraveled
or
have to reinstall them ice at one point
it was getting so bad with one section
that I literally put a knot in the lock
at the end so that way I could just know
okay all of these groups of hair is
supposed to be a lock and that actually
helped I don't think I can find one
where I did that because there's only a
few of them that I did that for and the
ones that I did do that for and I went
back I could still feel the knot a
little bit on the end but it had mostly
disappeared so yeah hopefully the top of
my head will get with the program which
it probably will because I remember once
I started interlocking on my previous
journey I could go a while I could go
like 2 or 3 months without feeling the
need to reel to interlock my hair to
touch it up even though I had you know
inch an inch of new growth 2 inches of
new growth so what the locks are still
separated so I think it's more of just
like getting to my locks to mature
enough to where that will be the case
and then I can start going longer in the
comments below let me know if you live
in an area with hard water and what you
do to you know deal with that because I
am interested and open to ideas on that
in particular because yeah build up
build up build up we really got to
figure out how I'm gonna come back this
well anyway I'll see you when I see you
dang this me lens is awesome I look
really good
