where can you get all of these
progressive shows the Young Turks
postgame aggressive progressives old
school behind the scenes damage report
no filter rebel headquarters all right
by becoming a TYT member click the link
in the description box below and you get
all that today today Red Dead Redemption
2 comes out game that I'm very excited
for I'm living like eight years for it
to come out but that's not what we're
talking about right now what we're gonna
talk about though is a product of the
sort of product that it is if you guys
are familiar and I'm assuming that
you're not Red Dead Redemption to is a
video game being made by a company
called Rockstar it's an absolutely
massive company that has produced games
like GTA 5 which is literally the
highest-grossing entertainment product
in history it employs hundreds or at
times thousands of people in this game
that's coming out is going to be an
absolutely massive endeavor that is
required the work of hundreds of actors
and animators and writers and engineers
and coders and things like that it has a
script that if you printed it out would
be more than eight feet tall in terms of
paper and the issue with that is that
that requires an incredible amount of
work and during a recent profile in
advance of the game coming out one of
the heads of this company said that many
of the employees or some of the
employees depending on the fall
responses had to work hundred hour weeks
and this started a conversation about
something that's been ongoing in the
video games industry for a long time
called crunch in the run-up to the
release of a game weeks or months or
even longer employees either are told to
or receive social pressure to work
incredible amounts of hours huge amounts
of overtime working on the weekends and
in this particular case with Rockstar
about ten years ago after the release of
the game that this is a sequel to
spouses of workers at that company put
together a shared letter saying the
health and mental well-being of our
spouses is declining because of the
pressure you're putting on your
employees now this is not just a problem
with Rockstar Games the problem in this
industry and I believe other industries
as well where we put pressure on
employees where if you are not working
as much as everyone else if not more you
are a slacker you're not pulling your
weight and we as workers I think in a
lot of industries also see if somebody's
leaving early
are they really as invested in this as I
am I think that there's some social
pressure as well so I thought as people
who work in high stress high pressure
environments you might have seen things
like this in your own work as well yeah
I mean it's funny because when you
mentioned people leaving early
oftentimes that early means after 9
hours yeah and that that is you know it
my I think just engine I set in
Philadelphia sat on a panel a couple
years ago a few years ago with five
women who are successful in different
areas and one of them was so proud
talking about how she got where she was
because sometimes you know she doesn't
leave the office until 2:30 a.m. and she
never eats lunch she never takes the
lunch but in you know and she does this
and she was so proud and it's
fascinating that we have gotten in the
space where it's like you are lazy if
you only work eight-hour days you are
lazy if you take time to take a breather
in the middle of the day or to actually
eat if you go to the bathroom more than
once you are lazy if you take all your
vacation days literally that's actually
how it seems some places you are lazy
you're not invested in this and hey it's
not mandatory but you know if you write
write write set mandatory but you know
you know you know and if you how dare
you think that you can have off time and
that you don't have to answer work
emails on weekends and that you don't
have to answer work emails on vacation
like things like that I think that's
just and it's almost like Millennials
like we always talk about there's all
these bad things about Millennials how
they don't get married they don't do
this they also don't go home at 5:00
p.m.
yeah yeah like do you know but you don't
like okay so I mean and this is true and
it's it's it goes to show that there's a
political attack obviously on unions but
there's also this cultural attack
insofar as I think part of the reason we
we writ large the American people don't
rise up in defensive unions is all is
because of the misrepresentations of the
economics of the Younes but also because
of this point of like that actually
you should the goal of the American
economy should be for us to be as
productive as possible and enjoy that
productivity including our lives in our
leisure and our benefits and all those
things also where the black people
not these fictional things it's like
it's all fictional and yet and yet we
produce I will say that I have not
played the game yet comes out tonight
from what I've read the game that you're
part of includes women Native Americans
black Americans as well and there is
talk about civil there's there's talk
about the KKK there's reason to be
concerned because in the past I would
say that the depictions of race
relations and things I've been a bit a
little questionable but this game
apparently does have a nuanced
discussion and narrative about not only
oppression of Native Americans but race
relations because I mean if they're
working all those hours I would at least
hope they'd fix that that would be my
book about media right wouldn't be what
where are all the yeah so look I will
say one of the things so basically what
I talked about is we get into this sort
of position where people feel like they
have to work forever when we view like
that human activity is meant to serve
the economy rather than the economy
meant to serve human life like at some
point if you are driving yourself in
cricket driving yourself crazy and
destroying your health what is the point
of this entire thing that we have this
capitalist systems obviously you know it
deserves a quite a bit of discussion and
possibly attack because then what's the
solution well the problem that we've put
ourselves in not we but thanks to
decades of right-wing media and
Republican politicians and not just them
but a lot of them is that the solution
then might be unions except many of the
people even that are being exploited in
this way don't see that as a solution
they see that as a different form of
exploitation because that is how unions
have been presented to them their entire
lives if not longer going back even
farther than that and that is depressing
well this is why I think that the answer
to increase productivity and the dawn of
automation is guaranteeing minimum wage
for all Americans and that we actually
be able to enjoy our leisure do you know
what those speaking of leisure what's
interesting just about all of that is
there's always someone at the top who
knows what vacation and eating
in the middle of the day you know what
that's like yeah that is true like what
you see click this subscribe button
below and don't forget to ring the bell
to never miss another video from The
Young Turks
