let's say some stuff that base
counterproductive for my career
Mark Zuckerberg has a lot of interesting
opinions but perhaps his wildest one
came in the form of protecting Holocaust
deniers when answering questions about
removing fake news from his platform in
a 90-minute interview yesterday Brett so
I'm Jewish and there's a set of people
who deny that the Holocaust yes
Nazis and fascists and people they're
trying to actively brainwash but at the
end of the day I don't believe that our
platform should take that down because I
think that there are things that
different people get wrong I don't think
that they're intentionally getting wrong
but I think suck is absolutely wrong and
it's probably because fake news is
profitable but if I were to presume is
innocence I'd say it's because suck
hasn't studied fascist propaganda at the
very least Holocaust denial is
intentional Holocaust denial is also the
quickest tell for fascists and Nazis and
suck isn't the first to fall for this
trap either freedom of speech is the
framework Nazis performative Lee exploit
to gain access into platforms like
Facebook where they actively radicalize
audiences with misinformation don't
believe me ask the Nazis I think in the
short term we would favor government
regulation of speech but long term are
we even Pro free speech no of course not
but we have to use this platform in
order so we're being radically honest
here yes radically pragmatic I mean this
is literally Richard Spencer and his
Director of Operations from the National
Policy Institute giving away the game
and I get it it's a spectrum right if
Facebook started banning all problematic
content it would lose almost half of its
boomer base that uses the platform
exclusively to fight with their gay
bicoastal liberal family members but
obviously there has to be a line which
suck even acknowledges when he refers to
the role Facebook played in inciting the
ethnic cleansing of Muslims in Myanmar
let me give you an example of where we
would take it down in Myanmar or Sri
Lanka where there's a history of
sectarian violence okay you know there
are definite examples of people sharing
images that are taken out of context
that are false that are specifically
used to induce people to violence in
those areas Holocaust denial is
identical to the misinformation used to
justify burning villages with Muslim
babies and at which Facebook was far too
late to respond to as well it only
started removing misinformation after
the fact to cover their own ass
and what's happening to the RO hanga
people in Myanmar isn't the only example
of violent rhetoric inspiring actual
violence there are current examples of
violent rhetoric leading to white
nationalist legislation in the form of
ice brutality while violent extremism is
also on the rise here in the United
States all right now to the disturbing
arrest of a man police say was trying to
burn down his own condominium building
on Miami Beach to quote kill all the
Jews so maybe Facebook should step up to
the plate before it's too late
like in Myanmar now freedom of speech
allows Nazis to speak sure but it
doesn't necessarily guarantee them a
right to a microphone and Facebook along
with all other social media platforms
are actively handing these bad faith
actors of microphone while presuming
their innocence and then chalking up
their intentional misinformation
campaigns to mistakes it's it's hard to
impugn intent I'm and to understand the
intent I just don't think that it is the
right thing to say we are going to take
someone off the platform if they get
things wrong even multiple times except
we know the intent behind fascist
ideology it's ethnic cleansing by any
means necessary
just like we know the intent behind
Infowars is to incite violence against
whomever alex jones deems to be a
psychic paedophile vampire of the week
while selling his audience brain pills
in the end of times prep kids and we
know that Alex isn't just getting things
wrong since he was forced to admit a
bunch of times in legal proceedings
under oath that he is a liar or at the
very least simply acting so maybe this
isn't about getting things wrong or the
difficulty of analyzing intent maybe it
has everything to do with the profit
motive
if you said central to some people whose
interests it's all money to look it's
the really extreme really dangerous form
of content that attracts the most highly
engaged people on the platform Facebook
understood that it was desirable to have
people spend more time on site if you're
going to have an advertising based
business I'm a psalm piker and if this
frustrates you please use this platform
for good and share this video with your
friends and leave your thoughts in the
comment section below also please follow
me on all the other social media
platforms for one Facebook inevitably
shuts my page down and this has been the
breakdown
