recently during a an early-morning tweet
Donald Trump shared with the world that
he actually thinks that people who are
far more intelligent than the critics
are impressed with the job that he did
during his press conference is joint
press conference with Vladimir Putin now
that's the press conference that's led
to a tremendous amount of backlash not
just from Democrats but also from
Republican lawmakers but here's what
Trump thinks about how it all went down
he says so many people at the higher
ends of intelligence loved my press
conference performance in Helsinki Putin
and I discussed many important subjects
at our earlier meeting we got along well
which truly bothered many haters who
wanted to see a boxing match big results
will come again this was a tweet from
today this morning
2:53 a.m. yeah so which president says
like the haters didn't like it and
speaks like a child like this but
luckily I speak child language so I
could decipher it for you because people
are confused did you mean higher ends of
intelligence because he speaks so poorly
that the people who are really smart is
that what you're trying to say or the
higher intelligence officials in your
administration right I'm not confused I
know that he thinks he's like a really
smart person as he said now three
different times including the writing it
out on Twitter but I think that he's
referring to the intelligence officials
my guess as to what happened was he
probably had an intelligence official
talk to him afterwards mr. president
what did you do okay there and then but
trumping what it is who he is probably
asked him but I was great wasn't I and
the guy said to me
yes mr. president you were wonderful but
let's focus on the midterm elections and
how the Russians are trying to sabotage
them right he's like great I knew it so
he goes on Twitter people in the higher
levels of intelligence thought I was
great I mean he says by the way my
performance it's not a performance
you're not on a reality show or you're
on the worst reality show
it's called our lives thanks to you
because you're the president now
obviously we don't know exactly what
spurred this tweet but again I just want
to remind you that he tweeted this at 3
a.m. in the morning so there's no I I
don't
and this again happened almost
immediately after he met with reporters
and claimed that he misspoke when he
said that he didn't know why Russia
would interfere or meddle in our
elections okay so he keeps going back
and forth no that was that was a
disastrous joint press conference it was
disastrous for multiple reasons but it
should be clear to you that it was
disastrous when members of your own
party who are by the way afraid to ever
criticize you went on the record to
criticize you in the way that you
handled it right it was a disaster so II
know he didn't speak to intelligence
officials let me give you some examples
okay so the hill reported on this they
actually reached out to intelligence
officials to see what they thought about
this whole situation former US
intelligence officials told the hill
that Trump's statement was damaging to
the Intel community as a whole and
likely hurt morale across agencies okay
we'll find those are former intelligence
officials Director of National
Intelligence dan coates quickly defended
the US intelligence findings after
Trump's comments calling the conclusion
fact-based and the Russian efforts
ongoing and pervasive former CIA
director John Brennan on Monday went so
far as to describe the president's
conduct as quote nothing short of
treasonous so who told him that his
performance was great because it seems
as though there's a consensus indicating
that his performance was not great it
was a disaster you know Anna you might
be ready that I might be too kind to him
yeah he might like he's ready to
interpret any comment as you were
fantastic your performance was brilliant
your ratings are great but it's possible
that no one at all said that to him he's
just lying as he always does non-stop
but it doesn't matter if anyone said
anything that he could interpret that
way because the overwhelming consensus
of intelligence communities is patently
obvious they were not only was he
totally wrong and they were aghast at
how wrong he was but they were also
pissed that in front of the whole world
he said our intelligence guys are wrong
and stupid and the Russians are right
imagine I can't look just a Republican
forget put aside Democrats imagine if
Reagan went to talk to it name him but
let's say Gorbachev even though there
were far worse Soviet leaders back in
the day but he goes and talks to the
Russian Communist leader back then
Reagan's like now remember everybody
America is stupid and weak
the Russians are right okay can you
imagine Reagan's like mr. Gorbachev you
were right to put up this wall it's all
our fault
this wall is America's fault keep it up
what we had different standards back
then I mean we'll see we'll see if the
the critical feelings that those on the
right currently have will stick because
I feel as though we've gone through
similar issues in the past maybe not
with Russia but with Trump and scandal
they'll come out and they'll condemn
them in the beginning and then all of a
sudden the the scandal goes away and
they go ahead and they support him
anyway this seems a little different it
does it and look this is a tough thing
to say cuz you never know and he creates
so many controversies that he washes out
his previously unthinkable unimaginable
controversies it's a fascinating
cycle and and we've never seen anything
like it before but this does feel like a
bit of a tipping point and a turning
point where I mean he lost Fox and
Friends Fox and Friends was criticizing
him hey I mean the only people left were
Hannity Dobbs and the crazy judge Pierre
oh right going like oh no no all the
Republicans are wrong all the rest the
Fox is wrong everybody is wrong
Putin is right and Trump is right that
Trump is so right to be in love with
Putin I mean he is a very handsome man
also had this false dichotomy of you
know what did you want him to do really
take out a gun and shoot no no one said
to take out a gun and shoot Putin
yeah I remember Hannity defending Obama
that way come on guys you're saying he
bowed to a foreign leader what she want
him to do is take out a gun and shoot
the Prime Minister of Japan no I don't
remember them saying that no too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
