so far there has been one Republican
lawmaker who has openly spoke out
against Donald Trump's Supreme Court
nominee and that individual is
representative Justin Amash he is not a
member of the Senate he is a congressman
so he will not be able to vote for Brett
Kavanaugh and and say that he is not
supportive of Cavanaugh becoming the
next Supreme Court justice however he is
urging Republican lawmakers who care
about privacy and privacy rights to vote
against him and it seems as though he is
speaking out specifically to Rand Paul
and possibly Mike Lee so let me give you
more details he is a fourth term
Michigan lawmaker who founded the
Congressional liberty caucus immediately
denounced Cavanaugh last week as a quote
disappointing pick and he's kept up his
criticism of a nominee he views as too
deferential to executive authority and
hostile to the Fourth Amendment's
protections against unreasonable
searches and seizures so he is taking
issue with Cavanaugh's decisions on the
NSA spying which was a big story back in
2012 Edward Snowden was a whistleblower
who let us know that the NSA was
indiscriminately collecting metadata on
us Cavanaugh wrote an opinion on that
and he essentially said that know what
the NSA is doing is well within their
rights and it does not violate the
Fourth Amendment Representative Amash
disagrees with this wholeheartedly and
so let's get here from Amash a read from
Amash in his Twitter account he says
privacy advocates must fight there are
many potential nominees with a
conservative record on abortion guns and
regulations the only question is will
the Senate confirm one who is really bad
on the Fourth Amendment when so much is
at stake in upcoming digital privacy
battles and I think that he's right
there yeah so Justin Amash is very very
conservative and so I find a lot of his
views to be preposterous and and I've
said so on-air on a number of occasions
that's fine as long as
people are honest actors then that's
what democracy is supposed to be you're
supposed to have political fights and
debates over issues and in this case
credit where credit is due and it's not
just because I happen to agree with them
on the privacy issue but it's because
he's actually sticking to principle as a
libertarian you should care a lot about
privacy rights and you should not want
the government to intrude into every
facet of your life and be able to record
everything you do online so it appears
he's the only principled libertarian in
the whole Congress so is Rand Paul gonna
do as he's told of course he is Mike Lee
Mike Lee's already said how much he
likes Kavanagh Mike Lee has no
principles and Rand Paul on number of
occasions as pretend to have principles
and sometimes when they don't need his
vote he'll vote the right way meaning
the libertarian way not necessarily my
way right and then when they do need his
vote for like Mike Pompeo who he had
criticized for weeks and weeks and weeks
Pompeyo was moving from the CIA director
job to Secretary of State and then Trump
said no no we need your vote bow your
head I don't give a damn about your
principles principles shut up and vote
as we tell you and Rand Paul said yes
sir thank you sir oh absolutely sir I
never meant it sir and he voted for
Pompeyo
yeah well the weeks of political theater
will score you brownie points but the
eventual vote is not something that's
gonna stand out as much as the weeks of
political theater yeah and look it it
goes with guys that that whether I like
them or I don't like them like Chuck
Hagel he's a very smart guys a
Republican senator from Nebraska wanna
being Secretary of Defense for Obama and
and said a lot of great things but you
know what and I would say it all the
time back then when he was in the Senate
he voted with Bush 95 percent of the
time so he would criticize bush he would
make intelligent points about what bush
was doing wrong and then he would bow
his head and vote with Bush so I'm not
interested in that I'm just interested
in your votes so in this case that Hamas
doesn't get a vote but he is still
sticking his neck out to actually act on
principle
so great definitely credit on that right
and also just keep in mind that right
now Republican lawmakers are hesitant or
uncomplete ly unwilling to criticize
Trump or anything that he does so the
fact that Amash doesn't get a vote and
he's still openly speaking out against
Kavanagh is is important and admirable
in my opinion even if I disagree with
him on political issues it's still it's
a it's a strong move by a Bosch and by
the way Ted Cruz had also criticized
Cavanaugh before the pic and said he was
worried that he didn't hate roe versus
wade enough and that he didn't hate the
Affordable Care Act enough okay
but as soon as Cavanaugh was SPECT you
know Ted Cruz I mean beta to the egg I
mean Ted Cruz like we can't forget this
is in my opinion one of the worst Ted
Cruz moments one of the most
embarrassing Ted Cruz Trump went after
your wife and you went from you know
defending your wife's honor to becoming
reek he is I mean it's Tedra cruz and so
of course on this as soon as Trump said
I said Cavanaugh and Cruz was like yes
sir of course sir
I'm so sorry sir Cavanaugh all the way
sir I'm so excited
okay make more calls Ted make more calls
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
