our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt Mitch McConnell
was a huge advocate for the massive tax
cuts that these corporations have
recently gotten to enjoy and he also is
very concerned about the deficit which
is interesting because usually
Republicans only care about the deficit
when there's a Democrat in charge but
let's hand it to McConnell he is
concerned about the deficit so what is
he planning on doing does he realize
that maybe these taxes are a really bad
idea
does he realize that according to the
Congressional Budget Office it will add
one point nine trillion dollars to the
national debt over the next decade is he
gonna reverse course no he wants to do
something else take a look what's going
on with the debt it's very disturbing
and it's driven by the three big
entitlement programs that are very
popular Medicare Social Security and
Medicaid that's seventy percent of what
we spend every year the subject we were
just discussing the funding of the
government is about thirty percent of
what we smell there's been a bipartisan
reluctance to tackle entitlement changes
because of the popularity of those
programs hopefully at some point here
we'll get serious about this we haven't
been yet so it's over and and but
nonetheless the mainstream media will
continue to drive me crazy by calling
things even and going well it's unclear
who wants to cut Social Security
Medicare Medicaid he just said it he
said we have those are the that's the
real problem in the deficit and we have
to get serious about it that means we
have to cut it that means if the
Republicans maintain power the in the
house and the Senate they will
definitely that's their leader in the
Senate they will definitely go to cut
Social Security and Medicare nonetheless
the mainstream press will go I would
care well Democrats say this Republican
to say that no he just said it he just
they've sent a million times so look we
have the two IT army I don't think we
you guys enough there's another one
we're gonna ask for your help t
y-t-dot-com / harmony join up there's a
couple thousand of you guys you need to
let anyone in the press who's making
that mistake no the leader the
Republicans in the Senate has said that
they are targeting Social Security
Medicare and Medicaid it is absolutely
clear and so if you like Republicans
that is what you're gonna get they are
going to cut those programs he just told
you yes and this is another example of
how crucial these midterm elections
really are because if Republicans have
their way and they still control both
the House and the Senate they will cut
these programs these programs that
you've paid into these programs that you
can look at your paycheck and and and
realize exactly how much money the
federal government takes away from you
every single time to help fund these
programs you paid into it that's why
it's an entitlement you are entitled to
Social Security you're entitled to
Medicare once you're eligible for those
programs and the fact that they want to
go after that after they just went on
this nationwide tour bragging about
cutting the corporate tax rate from
thirty five percent to twenty twenty
five percent twenty one twenty one
percent I'm like wait a minute was it
twenty one percent we've talked about it
so many times on this show and every
single time it shocks me twenty one
percent and that's not even the
effective corporate tax rate because
remember they have not closed those
corporate tax loopholes we did that
story about how Jared Kushner has
quintupled his his net worth over the
last decade but for several years has
not paid anything in federal taxes why
well because there's a massive loophole
that Trump actually further expanded
right that allows him to acclaim that
his properties have depreciated in value
so he gets the deduct from his tax like
no this is not okay that's the problem
these entitlement programs are not the
problem look I don't care what your
political leaning is if you watch The
Young Turks you heard us say ahead of
time that they would do the huge tax
cuts for the rich and then they would
turn around and say oh well we got a
problem with the deaf
said so we got a cut Social Security and
Medicare and Medicaid we told you that
ahead of time and here it is
they put a one point nine trillion
dollar extra hole in our debt
okay created that much more deficit and
now Mitch McConnell restaurant says no
let's take it from you guys you put
money into Social Security Medicare
let's Rob you because the average guy in
the in in the top 1% got a tax cut worth
sixty one thousand dollars a year
sixty one thousand dollars a year so now
we got to come after your Social
Security and Medicare you saw it with
your own eyes you saw us predicted you
saw them do the tax cut you saw it go
mainly to the rich and now you're seeing
them saying yeah now we're gonna cut
Social Security Medicare just like we
told you you can go back and watch the
old videos you see it with your own eyes
now if you're coming if you're a
Republican or conservative you're
comfortable with that
okay fine and at least you've made your
decision and you made it with no armed
with the information you need it but I
think for the rest of us that is an
absolute outrage you work your whole
life to put a little bit of money into
Social Security and Medicare you need
that desperately when you retire I mean
look the drug prices alone are gonna
kill you I mean Medicare does a great
job of covering a lot of things but it
doesn't cover all the drug prices right
right and that alone is gonna swap you
because we saw the private health
insurance and this guy say no my rich
donors don't have enough but you have
too much not only that they get a load
of this at the same time they're pushing
for tax cuts 2.0 they say that if they
win the House and the Senate
they're gonna come back and do another
round of tax cuts you know how much that
would give to the top one percent
another $40,000 another $40,000 a year
they'd be up to over a hundred thousand
dollars a year in tax cuts per year two
easy ways to follow young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
