Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders addressed the way that
Donald Trump handled a question by a
reporter today the question asked
whether or not Russia is still targeting
the United States and it appeared that
Trump said no and so while Sarah
Huckabee Sanders was having this press
conference she's asked about the answer
that Trump gave and here was her
response we certainly believe that we
are taking steps to make sure they can't
do it again
unlike previous administrations this
president is actually taking bold action
and reform to make sure it doesn't
happen again
but he does believe that they would
target certainly US elections again so
it's I mean this is a tired talking
point that we keep hearing from the
administration oh well Trump's actually
taking a lot of action action that
previous administrations didn't take
actions that previous administrations
fail to take and it always goes back to
let's go ahead and attack previous
administrations so we can deflect and
not have Trump ever take responsibility
for his failures and for his actions I
mean it's just it's incredible it's the
same talking point over and over again
what what so what action is is he taking
well do is so secret really because
everybody in the intelligence community
is saying that it's the the red lights
are on that were under attack and Dan
code said we're we're not taking action
and so he's like look he thinks we
should go on the office I don't know if
I agree with that he doesn't mean
militarily he mends through cyber
warfare right he's like but we're
certainly not doing enough defense so
which one is it
of course the Director of National
Intelligence in this case a lifelong
Republican deeply right-wing is actually
looking at the intelligence he's not
making it up there's no secret deep
state thing here he was picked by Donald
Trump there's no reason for him to do
anything like that and he's not alone
every single person in the intelligence
community is like warning war
they're coming after the midterm
elections suhaka B Sanders now Trump
said that he you know that the Russians
are not doing it but he meant they are
doing it I have to correct him again for
the billionth time he's an either an
idiot or complicit or likely both and
what actions are you taking I can't tell
you
nonsense you're not taking any actions
that's why your intelligence officials
have their hair on fire so one of the
things that came up during this press
conference was Trump's credibility and
whether or not it's even possible to
ever take anything he says seriously
when there's double-talk constantly
he'll say one thing one day and then the
next day after he gets some backlash
he'll claim that he he meant something
else or he really said something
completely different from what was you
know told to reporters and so I love the
following line of questioning that
you're gonna see from Hallie Jackson to
sarah huckabee sanders take a look
two questions for you don't want to just
clarify some ETFs beginning the briefing
so despite the video that shows the
president looking at Cecelia and
answering no to this question about
whether Russia is still targeting us and
despite multiple people in the room
understanding that the president was
responding to that question and despite
the president having never before said
the word no-no repeatedly to us or
reporters out of the room you're saying
you're saying it's reverse you're saying
the president said it's the first thing
that the president says after the
question was asked was thank you very
much and he said no I'm not answering
any more questions and even further I
think even Cecilia didn't realize what
the answer was because she asked for
clarification and he didn't answer the
follow-up
she wasn't sure I talked to the
president he wasn't answering that
question he was saying no he's not
taking questions and I've stated what
our position is I'm actually asking
which is the president this is the
second time in three days that the
president of the White House has come
out and reversed what the president has
said eventually it what I'm interpreting
what the president said I'm not
reversing an opposite way why was his
arrest as well and I didn't take it the
way you did lashes but why should this
president have any credibility to
Americans in what he says if in fact 24
hours later or in this case three hours
later the White House comes out and says
just kidding first of all that's not
what I said I was interpreting what the
president is intention was and stating
the administration's policy it's not
exactly what you just explained okay
right wingers are you proud because I
love that explanation
I'm not reversing what the president's
say I'm just interpreting the no as a
yes
so this is remember when people attack
Bill Clinton for questioning what does
the word is mean right so now you have a
president who says well I meant no I
said no but I meant yes
that's why Sarah Huckabee Sanders read
my mind and later reinterpreted my no as
a yes that's called lying just in case
you weren't clear on it too easy
wasteful young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
