this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm now Sasha Baron Cohen
went after the right wing in his series
it's gonna be our Showtime and and I
enjoy that and he got him where it hurts
he knew that there nuts on on guns so he
came up with an idea of training
three-year-olds to twelve year olds and
he knew that he can get a lot of
Republicans to agree with that and they
did because that was their weak spot in
their crazy on that
now there's also part of the series
where he's going after Bernie Sanders oh
okay am I gonna enjoy this one as much
we'll find out so now what do people
perceive to be Bernie's weak weak spot
whether it actually is or not they think
oh he's not pragmatic his programs cost
too much she doesn't know he's
unrealistic etc so he's gonna in this
new character this such baron-cohen has
he's gonna try to pry a press on that a
little bit and see being yet birdied to
say something that doesn't make any
sense mathematically etc and not
understand what he's talking about
so pins and needles right you think and
what I want you to do is you watch this
watch Bernie's eyes cuz they're really
really funny
no matter what you think and then number
two does he fall for it and does he
agree with Sacha Baron Cohen's character
cuz the Republicans did all I guess you
having a three-year-old shoot people out
of a teddy bear that's a great idea here
let's do an ad together right well
Bernie agree to the preposterous things
that Cohen proposes let's find out may I
be personal with your place are you you
have a disability no I don't these here
scooters to conserve my body's finite
energy
what America is supposed to be about is
it's the land of opportunity
reiben I agree with that okay but what
we have now we have a situation where
the top one-tenth of one percent now
owns almost as much wealth as the bottom
90% so there's a lot that has to be done
and the goal is to create a nation that
works for all of us if not just the 1%
sir I don't mean it don't interrupt but
rather than complain about the 1% or the
0.1% why not make the rest of America
put them into the 1% well if you put
everybody into the 1% there wouldn't be
the 1% no it still would be no it
wouldn't be fucking us use the
population that by definition they're
not in the 1% that that the rest of the
population but all of the population is
a hundred percent all right so this is
simple math if you have 1% here the 1%
you have 99 No and if you move the nine
in there you've 19 and then you move the
other nine there well if you believe in
equality why not have 100 percent of
people in the 1 percent these are my
figures this is the International
Institute of scientific truth and
knowledge so this has been proven that
this can work this might lead to is some
increase in the deficit but essentially
it is possible what is your proposal
well that you keep the 1% but you move
the 99 percent into the 1 percent and so
you have 199 you just move over the
nines you have the 99 percent or in the
1 percent
Billy I don't know what you're talking
about I really don't passed with flying
colors see Sasha Baron Cohen is non
partisan in that sense he's going after
the Republicans he went after birdie and
Bernie was like yep nope I don't agree
that doesn't make any sense I don't know
what you're talking about
Hey nope you cannot move the 99 percent
it's the 1 percent because then they
would be the hundred percent so I don't
know the intent was looked intense
comedy but I guess that some people
would have thought like Oh Bernie oh boy
oh yeah
let's make everybody into the top one no
he's actually incredibly smart of course
by the way to be very doesn't think
someone incredibly smart it just had
somebody with that knows what they're
talking about knows what their
principles are and he's like you just
can't do that that makes no sense and
I'm not gonna tell you that it makes
sense even though it's awkward okay
so wonderful and look and no matter what
even he didn't get Burnie in that sense
and so I'm proud of Burnie and again
it's a low bar to be fair a bar that the
Conservatives couldn't clear but Bernie
cleared with ease but it was also really
funny anyway because of birdies eyes
like eating inteded he thinks it's a
real interview but he looks at him like
I love that side way glass that birdie
gives like mmm which talk about Willis
alright so there you have it a Bernie
Sanders does not fall victim to Sacha
Baron Cohen and seems to do an excellent
job in that fake interview so he turns
out you don't have to cry about it
afterwards so a lot of the co servers
are crying today was it fair he didn't
make you say anything he tried to get
Bernie Sanders to say something and he
wouldn't
by the way credit to Matt Gaetz again a
guy who really disagree with him really
really disagree with huge Trump
supporter congressman he also wouldn't
say what Sasha Baron Cohen wanted him to
say because you know they have their own
principles and so at least we get to
find out who makes us and who doesn't
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
