Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
here at TYT we have given Fox News host
like Sean Hannity a lot of grief for
pandering to Trump for refusing to ever
challenged Trump for essentially being
in bed with Trump well there are
examples of Fox hosts who sometimes
conduct interviews that are tough and I
would argue that this is a perfect
example of that Chris Wallace sat down
with Vladimir Putin and asked him some
pretty difficult questions and impressed
me so I'm going to share some portions
of that interview with you and in the
very beginning of that interview Wallace
asked Putin about the number one issue
that everyone has at the top of their
minds following Trump's a joint press
conference with Putin has Putin or has
the Russian government meddled in US
elections I have here the indictment
that was presented on Friday from the
special counsel robert muller that says
that 12 members of russian military
intelligence that GRU and they talked
specifically about units 26 165 and
seventy-four 455 they say you smile let
me finish they say that these units were
specifically involved in hacking into
democratic party computers stealing
information and spreading it to the
world to try to disrupt the American
election may I give this to you to look
at sir
here no boys its Prince okay
okay I have a lot of things to say but
first I just want to comment on Putin as
a person and how he handles meetings
with world leaders and with journalists
so a story that I had forgotten about
but I remembered through a podcast
recently was that Vladimir Putin was
gonna meet with Angela Merkel and he
knew that Angela Merkel was very much
afraid of dogs and so he showed up to
that meeting with a giant dog mm-hmm so
the reason why I'm bringing that up is
because he's he's an incredibly smart
guy and he's incredibly manipulative and
he is strong and in that portion of the
interview that's what you see you see
strength you know he smirks I'm glad
that it didn't throw Wallace off his
game he continued on with the question
but look at the way he handled you know
those documents he's like yeah I there
might be something else that documents
to know you're getting a little too much
speculation here but I won't hurt my
Putin and then Chris Wallace yeah so and
the Putin has a really interesting
answer to this to whether we'll get into
in a second so first Putin totally agree
with you but he's like a Bond villain
but like a good one right and you're
like oh I'm this guy might actually get
bond except he's not against bond he's
against Trump so it's like a good bond
villain against Austin Powers right and
and by the way I'm sorry Austin Powers
way way way better than Donald Trump so
like we come in with thunder and then
under the net and Trump say huh like
that Austin Powers scene we're trying to
constantly u-turn and running into the
walls
the second reason he might have turned
down the papers is because a lot of
these guys who do terrible things like
poison their political opponents they're
all so paranoid because they know what
they what they do so he might not want
to touch anything that anybody else
gives him it's like what my dad thinks
of IPAs it's poison why my dad IPAs are
poison he thinks they taste terrible
anyway fascinating
game t y-t-dot-com slice join me home
remember get those crazy stories anyway
so 100 Chris Wallace look I give it him
credit like at least half a dozen times
on different issues and so I still think
that he's definitely conservative now he
might say no I you know okay fine but
what I see on air is a guy who frames
issues in a Republican way by the way
that's okay like if he said hey if he
was just a little bit more honest about
and said look I leaned right-wing I'm a
conservative and so yeah I come at it
from a conservative perspective but then
I asked fair questions I say then I'm a
hundred percent fine with him because he
does from some a lot of times framing
him in the right wing position but from
time to time he really asked super fair
and tough questions of people who are
right-wing in this case see this is not
an American and and it's really easy
it's hard because it's Putin and he's so
intimidating in some ways and you've got
this big yet and then whenever you get a
big get you want to kind of like you
know appease the person a lot of the
people in the mainstream media feel it
that way but on the other hand he's not
an American doesn't have any power here
and it's not like you're gonna interview
Putin again right so it is a good
opportunity but he took that opportunity
credit where credit is due to ask the
right questions in the tough question
yeah let me just buttress your point for
a second because I think in this day and
age it's so refreshing to come across
anyone who's principled in any way so I
have no problem with him if he's
conservative you know at least he's an
honest actor and you can have a
discussion you can have a debate he's
not someone who waivers or falters
depending on you know how the party acts
at any given moment he's not Hannity
exactly so he would have been fawning
with Putin that's exactly what I mean so
I respect that and I respect the way he
handled this interview all right so
there's more let's get right to it
first of all Russia as a state has
interfered with the internal affairs of
the United States or let alone its
elections this is the indictment it
shows I have 12 names here it talks
about specific units of the GRU Russian
military intelligence is the GRU not
part of the Russian state yes Rama -
sure I'll get to it just have some
little a little bit of patience and
you'll get a full answer to your
question interference with domestic
affairs of the United States do you
really believe that someone acting from
the Russian territory could have
influenced the United States and
influenced the choice of millions of
Americans 'king whether they tried
dissipation I'm about to answer so a lot
of the Russia meddling conversation was
exactly what you just saw he would
deflect he would you know Wallace would
get frustrated because he was taking too
long to actually answer the question and
then Wallace would you know give him a
follow-up and then he'd be like you need
to be patient so it was this weird
combative part of the interview but I
think it was the right thing to do on
Wallace's part cuz it did actually
rattle him he's as you know strong and
manipulative as Putin is and fair is
fair you know we make fun of Trump
because he act strong but he's not
actually strong and Putin strong
strength is oftentimes a very disastrous
thing especially when he kills his
opponents which Wallace is gonna ask
about but he usually is but it kind of
rattled him and he gave a couple of
answers that actually were bad answers
that showed that that they might have
actually done it so work great right so
remember Wallace didn't ask him whether
or not Russian meddling influenced the
election in fact so far from what we've
learned from the investigation there's
no reason to believe that Russian
meddling actually led to a change or an
impact on the outcome of the election
now they're still investigating it so
there could be more
that proves that that did happen yeah I
just want to be clear look obvious logic
on its face shows that it probably did
have an influence on election because
the election was so close but what what
Anna's referring to is the government
has not yet charged they didn't say that
hey this may and of course the Republic
government days are all picked by Donald
Trump there and still they're like oh
they definitely did try to influence the
elections but we don't know for sure
that they did right so that's what
Wallace is referring to he's like but
okay you could say that you didn't like
the Americans were too savvy to be
influenced by you but did you try to
influence it right and he just refused
to really answer that question kept
deflecting and and giving non answers so
I thought that was a fascinating part of
the interview and then Wallace finally
pivoted to in my opinion an incredibly
courageous question about how Putin
treats his political opponents and his
enemies why is it that so many of the
people that oppose Vladimir Putin end up
dead or close to it
former Russian spy and double agent
Sergei scruple the victim of a nerve
agent attack in England Boris Nemtsov a
political opponent gunned down near the
Kremlin investigative reporter Anna
Politkovskaya murdered in an apartment
building why is it that so many people
who were political enemies of Vladimir
Putin are attacked well first of all all
of us have plenty of political rivals
I'm pretty sure president Trump has 20
political right I don't know if you I
wash the president of new do not always
well having presidents been killed in
the United States have you forgotten
about well has Kennedy been killed in
Russia in the United States which is
stop shit
now please quit mr. king what and
what happens to the clashes between
police and civil society and some
several ethnic groups well that's that's
something that happens on the US soil
ah I see Walla Scott yeah he was really
stumbling in that yeah to two things
there one he didn't deny killing the
political rivals or ordering it he just
said well don't you guys do it too
that's at least half an admission and so
there's a good case to be made about JFK
and and I think that you know King and
RFK and all those murders are deeply
problematic it should be investigated
even more even at this late juncture
that doesn't mean you get to do it too
and you get to do it today not fifty
years ago right and so when you say
nananananana you do it to that okay that
gives me a sense that you're not really
denying it so I think that's an
important at least like I said half
admission that Wallace got out of it
it's a deflection and it's par for the
course especially considering the way
political discourse happens in America
the whole what about ISM that that
occurs in every discussion well what
about this you you ask someone a
question about an injustice for instance
and immediately the answer is well what
about this what about that no no but
answer the question about the topic at
hand and they do it whether it makes
sense or it doesn't make sense right
like they'll always say about oh what
did you criticize Obama for that and
every time I'll be like yeah actually we
did like oh damn it okay that usually
works okay so anyway but this the other
thing that he got him on and I wanted to
go back to this because it's really
important he when he asked them kept
pressing on did you guys try to
interfere did you try to interfere Putin
said so was it some sort of forgery of
facts referring to the emails that they
potentially stole he said that's the
important thing that I'm trying to make
it was any false information planted no
it wasn't in other words that's saying
yeah we did steal information but it was
correct information that we leaked and
and Wallace then came back at him and
said you're indicating that they stole
real money not counterfeit money but
you're not denying that they stole money
in that analogy right
and that is another thing where he
basically got him to admit yeah we might
have gotten the emails but the emails
were correct we didn't make up the
emails so you should still be mad at the
Democrats no but you can be by the way I
think that it's incredibly reasonable to
be angry with the DNC and what they did
and how they manipulated the primaries
against Bernie Sanders it's absolutely
okay to be furious about that and
simultaneously concerned about a foreign
government meddling in our elections of
course I mean so imagine any government
Chinese Saudi is really whatever it
might be so they get this pick winners
by stealing everybody's emails and they
go hey well I like the Republicans I
won't release their emails I don't like
the Democrats because I need the Saudis
need a favor whatever it might be right
I'm gonna only release the ones that I
don't like so it's totally okay I
couldn't agree more with that and I was
outraged by the what we found out in
those emails right at the same time I'm
outraged that the Russians are stealing
emails and picking winners in our
political system I hate it when our
donors do that I don't like it any
better when we have foreign governments
going around saying I'll steal whatever
I like and depending on who I want to
win the election I'll leak accordingly
and then I'll try to get into your voter
databases so that is totally
unacceptable
and so it's it's perfectly easy to hold
both of those logical and consistent
thoughts in your head but to me the most
important part of this is Putin
basically saying yeah I stole it but it
was true two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
