Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
following fierce criticisms from those
on the left and the right in regard to
Trump's joint press conference with
Vladimir Putin
Trump has decided to switch gears and
say that he just misspoke during that
press conference in fact he does believe
US intelligence agencies and their
findings regarding how Russians
attempted to meddle in our elections and
the way that he explains this is
fascinating take a listen
totally clear in saying that and I've
said this many times I accept our
intelligence community's conclusion that
Russia's meddling in the 2016 election
took place there was no collusion at all
and people have seemed that strongly the
house was already very strongly on that
a lot of people have come out strong and
then I got it I love that he he looks he
can't help himself and he has no
sophistication so he looked looks like a
chastened child like he just got yeah
like yeah he just got punched he's like
okay fine I'll eat my broccoli so they
wrote this thing for me and I don't
can't even pronounce the words but I'm
gonna say it it's yeah okay I full faith
in support in America's intelligence
agencies and then you see him improvise
right the nd that is where you should
pay the most attention because what did
he say he said what could have been
other people could've been other people
they didn't write that day like hey
knucklehead you look like you're working
for the Russians I don't know if you are
but you look like you're working for the
Russians so can you come out and say
it's bad that the Russia's interfering
in the like suit and he's a character we
just know we said the Russians were bad
guys but it couldn't somebody else
could be somebody else there's no
collusion it wasn't the collusion in
there yeah he's not only a child
it's not a particularly intelligent one
like like mommy like the cookie crumbs
um what do you mean ate the cookie it
wasn't me it wasn't a cookie it wasn't
okay and I didn't take it while you
weren't looking and I didn't climb on
the chair to get the cookie yeah okay I
get it
you climbed up a chair and got the
cookie it oh you see so many times in
different press conferences and
different stuff when he gets challenged
she does this right right and when he's
like I have to do this he does this hey
he's just so pathetic yeah you can tell
he's not enjoying this process he
doesn't like reading from a prepared
statement but I would argue that the
most relevant part of this statement is
what you're about to see I realize that
there is a need for some clarification
it should have been obvious I thought it
would be obvious but I would like to
clarify just in case it wasn't and a key
sentence in my remarks I said the word
would instead of wouldn't the sentence
should have been I don't see any reason
why I wouldn't or why it wouldn't be
Russian so just to repeat it I said the
word would instead of would
the sentence should have been and I
thought I would be maybe a little bit
unclear on the transcript or unclear on
the actual video the sentence should
have been I don't see any reason why it
wouldn't be Russia sort of a double
negative are we great yet okay now I
know I said that I don't know why it
would be rush I while I was defending
Putin in front of the whole world but
mommy makes me read this note that says
I meant the opposite oh is that right
okay
was it a single sentence that you said
during that joint press conference that
people are criticizing it was an entire
joint press conference that people are
criticizing not the fact that you did a
joint press conference everything that
you said in that press conference the
most disconcerting part of the press
conference
it was Putin's smirked throughout he was
constantly looking like this hey
somebody online yesterday or like what
do you mean I saw that press conference
and I'm a body language expert
immediately all the other tweets were
like why are you adding his story from
last week and there's no such thing as a
body language I know I know we said we
joke around about it but no like but
we're Knox news is this is Keith Ablow
he's on the fox's medical a-team I know
I don't know what happened the medical
a-team let alone the medical B team and
he's like they're like since he's a
doctor he's a body language expert no no
that's not true
anyway so the concern was like no I his
body language showed that actually Trump
was the Alpha I was like well yeah but
his actual language the words that were
coming out of his mouth so we're saying
Putin is right and we are wrong so you
might want to pay attention to the words
as well
after that joint press conference
Trump sat down with an interview with
sean hannity where he continued the same
talking points that were very
in favor of Putin very much against the
Russian meddling investigation very much
against our intelligence agencies I mean
again it was not one sentence where you
misspoke and people miss peek every once
in a while we'll miss speak on the show
without even realizing it right oh no
but that's what humans do and that's
fine and I would give him credit for
that or at least I would give him the
benefit of the doubt if that were the
case but he has a long history a long
pattern of just defending Putin while
simultaneously going after the FBI and
going after our intelligence agencies
mommy says that I misspoke for the whole
30 minutes okay if you say so yeah I
don't know I'm depressed that's all I
can say about all this no I'm encouraged
I'm encouraged of course these usual
pessimism optimism we watch the post
Gibbs you get a lot of that T
y-t-dot-com slice Joey and become a
member so no I look tick tock tick tock
I mean he's lost a lot of Republicans
with this I get a del V back and blah
blah blah right but when you have my
estimation eyeballing it is about
two-thirds of Fox host speaking out
against you
yeah he held Lou Dobbs and Jeanine Pirro
and Hannity but that's the core of the
core those are like the ones like in the
street Jack it's like he's like alright
get him out of this side of Hannity
comes out and Dobbs comes out
Dobbs right anyway almost all other
foxes are like that was embarrassing
when you lose two-thirds of Fox tick
tock tick tock two easy ways for the
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
