Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts so
we have a Russian spy that we've caught
it's Maria boo Tina she's been charged
she's one of 26 Russians that have been
charged but she's the sole one that is
in custody in the United States of
America now the Nero Times reported the
court documents showing that she was
trying to wool Republican politicians
they thought that was an easier mark and
that they would be more prone to work
with the Russians and it turns out they
were it appears very correct and so
there are many pictures of her and with
a lot of the Republicans but I think the
National Prayer Breakfast is the one
that is not being talked about that
actually in the documents is the most
heavily featured so but first let me
show you her with other Republicans who
she is at the launch party of Governor
Scott Walker when he was running for
president and she reports back to
headquarters from time to time and we
have those documents now and she thought
Walker might have some chance of winning
she was wrong about that but and she
thought that he might be happy to work
with the Russians now that's her
conjecture on Walker but she was pleased
to have Walker greet her in Russian okay
look the fact that he knows the second
language is a good thing but she thought
this guy's good for us as it turns out
he turned out to be irrelevant cuz he
was a loser and lost right away in the
primaries and bowed down as soon as the
Republican donors like the Koch brothers
asked him to but she continued her
pursuits here she is with some folks
from the NRA and oh look at that so
she's in the lower left corner right
next to the sign that's Sheriff David
Clarke and the vest and the right that
guy is the one claiming to be a real
Patriot you know what it says in the
sign it says welcome to Russia comrades
those are gun rights advocates going to
Russia hang out with Russian agents and
being welcomed as comrades as Sheriff
David Clarke says that liberals are what
communists okay right comrade so they
explained a law and crime this sign
which was partially obscured and a photo
above indicated the
was being welcome to Russia as comrades
and that group was the NR a okay and
here is Maria booty no this Russian spy
that we caught inside the country with
Wayne LaPierre
the head of the NRA so that seems fairly
clear and there is a lot of talk of the
NRA in in the documents charging her
there's another group the National
Prayer Breakfast that I think is even
more important and in some ways well at
least equally insidious but before we
get to that there is one other person
that Miriam Utena actually made contact
with and that was Donald Trump now this
was at a public setting
she asked him a question during the
campaign and you'll have the usual
rambling insane answer for Donald Trump
but the end is very important so and he
to be fair to him he doesn't necessarily
know that this is a Russian agent so
right let's look at the question and the
answer especially the end of answer yes
ma'am I'm visiting from Russia my
question good friend of Obama Putin my
mom a lot good my question will be about
foreign politics if you would be elected
as a president what will be a foreign
policy politic especially in the
relationships with my country and do you
want to continue the politics of
sanctions that a dimension of both
economy or you have any other ideas okay
Obama gets along with nobody the whole
world hates us you know it's an amazing
thing you look at Mexico they hate us
they hate our leadership and yet they're
making a fortune China hates us China's
building ports in the South China Sea we
could never do a thing like that because
we'd have to get environmental impact
statements okay so we're I jokingly said
to a friend you think they got an
environmental impacts they've been when
they did so China hates us and yet
they're making it everybody hates us and
yet they make money with us with me
we're gonna make money on them and
they're gonna like us
I know Putin and I'll tell you what we
get along with Putin Putin has no
respect for President Obama big problem
I believe I would get along very nice
silly with Putin okay and I mean well we
have the strength I don't think you'd
need the sanctions I think that we would
get along very very well I really
believe that
so that's Donald Trump telling a Russian
agent that he would get along great with
Putin and it turns out that was the one
thing he was right about it was right
about anything else
he says Oh Mexico hates us under Obama
do they like us now under you hey hey
does a thousand times more and they
didn't hate us under Obama that was a
total lie
and of course usual incoherent answer
Putin he's a good friend of Obama but
Obama doesn't get along with him I'll
get along with him hey but the most
important part of that answer was the
sanctions we probably won't do those
that's what the Russians want to hear oh
you're gonna lift the sanctions or you
don't like the sanctions the sanctions
are killing us and and that punished us
for taking Crimea it said are you gonna
take those away that's our guy
go go go that's why Putin rubbed it in
during the press conference and said yes
we did want Trump to win man he unmanned
Trump right in front of the whole world
he didn't even hide it he did it on
purpose he's a sophisticated guy did you
want Trump to win it's easy to say oh no
I'm neutral it has nothing to do with
our country at all that's their
elections that's the simple professional
answer and Putin knows that unlike Trump
he's incredibly smart and he goes no I
did want Trump to win that's basically
him going I control this guy what are
you gonna do about it nothing oh that's
so sad all right but that's not the only
people that they control in America so
TYT investigates broke a story today Ken
clemency reporting here about the
National Prayer Breakfast because we
actually bought the Reda affidavit
against Maria Bettina so let me tell you
all about that the 17-page affidavit
includes several references to boo
Tina's dealings with organizers of the
National Prayer Breakfast and annual
ritual for both parties in Washington in
one incident Bettina recounts thanking
an unnamed organizer of the breakfast
for meeting with her and another Russian
official in Moscow this look if you're
not knee-deep in politics you might not
know about the National Prayer Breakfast
but these are the people who get
together and pretend to represent all
religious people
they do not air a secretive cult but
Democrats go and validate them all the
time it's maddening it's the way than
them saying oh yeah yeah I look I'm
super religious too
what crazy cult would you like me to
legitimize Hillary Clinton and others
have gone there as well and it is deeply
deeply frustrating but it turns out the
National Prayer Breakfast people while
saying hey if you want to be a real
American come pray with us are over in
Moscow well let's find out more
the affidavit refers to multiple Russian
contacts with unnamed individuals
associated with a National Prayer
Breakfast it says Russia was cultivating
political contacts in the u.s. to quote
weaken us partnerships with European
allies undermine Western sanctions
encourage anti US political views and
counter efforts to bring UK and other
former Soviet states into European
institutions by the way if there don't
have any compromise or compromising
information on Donald Trump man he's
doing what they want to a T they saw
they couldn't gotten any luckier like
wow we don't even have the tape and he's
do exactly what we wanted him to do we
have the documents that say this is what
they wanted to accomplish attack our
Western allies and undermine the
sanctions Trump didn't want to sign the
sanctions it passed 98 to 2 in in the
Senate so he eventually had to sign it
and then he didn't enforce them for an
incredibly long time every part of this
is exactly what Trump is done ok now
again it's not just Trump it's these
other Republican and conservative groups
as well so Maria boo Tina explains to in
an email the gift of your precious time
during the National Prayer Breakfast
week and for the very private meeting
that followed interesting a new
relationship between the two countries
always begins better when it begins in
faith so apparently people at the
National Prayer Breakfast had a secret
meeting with a Russian agent what
happened in that secret meeting we'd all
like to find out the National Prayer
Breakfast is organized by the fellowship
foundation
clovis Tina explains a Christian group
based in Washington that is famously
secretive its members take a vow of
silence about fellowship activities you
know what's hilarious is that all the
conspiracy theorists on the right
they're like oh the Illuminati and the
Rothschilds they got secret
organizations know the secret
organizations are right in front of you
it's not a hidden conspiracy it's out in
the open they go yeah we invite
politicians to come kiss our ass at the
National Prayer Breakfast even though
we're a secretive group that makes
everybody take a vow of silence as to
what crazy thing we're up to okay and I
don't know because it's secret you know
so but yet Democrats and Republicans
come by especially Republicans and
they're like yes yes we will have
breakfast with you we'll pray with you
and you're a wonderful legitimate
organization what are you up to I don't
know maybe they told the Republicans
they certainly didn't tell the public
but we do know they exist we do know
it's a big deal for politicians to go to
and it turns out it's a way of getting
backroom deals done you want to know
who's actually in power and how they're
actually making deals this is it so but
we bothered to actually investigate it
and point it out get a lot of the
mainstream media they're very afraid oh
oh it involves religion who's that super
touchy don't touch it don't touch it
okay sorry Christian sorry evangelical
sorry I didn't even mean to mention it
of course
Oh prayer prayer prayer no no you want
to be a good Christian bless your heart
it's that's what's great about this
country it's a it's a free country be
any religion you like me as fervent as
you like but if you're getting
politicians to do secret deals for your
secret organization yeah we get to
question you you're not supposed to
establish your religion or whatever your
other priorities are and by the way one
of the reports explained that something
that they might have in common and why
they might find the rush in this
particular Russian government attractive
is that both right-wing zealots the
National Prayer Breakfast here in
America and the Russian government are
anti LGBT rights and an anti Islam like
oh you hate Muslims you hate gays do we
hate Muslims we hate gays undermine
democracy yeah
and these guys are in favor of theocracy
anyway so what do they care so let's
continue back to the reporting of
clipping assignments but federal records
show that the fellowship has reported
sponsoring 37 trips abroad by individual
members of Congress in the last 18 years
fourteen of those trips have been by
representative Robert aderholt of
Alabama co-chair of the 2016 National
Prayer Breakfast since 2008 aderholt it
took 11 out of the 17 trips sponsored by
the fellowship why does it represent
them from Alabama I care so much about
Eastern Europe that's really weird okay
let's find out more a number of
countries to which the fellowship sent
an ahall to earn politically volatile or
contested regions between Russia and
NATO nations in 2016 the fellowship paid
for aderholt to travel to Belgrade
Serbia Sarajevo Bosnia Zagreb Croatia
Kiev Ukraine and Banja Luka that trip
took place just days after President
Trump secured the Republican nomination
from May 26th to June 2nd of 2016 why is
the National Prayer Breakfast going and
meeting with a Russian agent like Maria
boo Tina then sending Republican
congressman all over Eastern Europe
especially after Trump wins the
nomination for the Republican Party who
are they talking to and what is the
point of these trips do the people of
Alabama really need their representative
in Eastern Europe that much what is he
bringing back to them what in the world
are they up to like I told you before
this is 17 page affidavit and a lot more
will be found out in court procedure
proceedings as boo Tina is now charged
and will soon be an open court and then
her American collaborators will
presumably be identified very very
specifically so now for now we know
what's going on with these particular
gentlemen club assignee continues
Alabama congressman has been sharply
critical of allegations that Russia
interfered in the u.s. election having
call
them the birther issue of the Democratic
Party look at that National Prayer
Breakfast meets with Russian agents
sends Republican congressman all over
Eastern Europe they come back and say oh
the Russians even though every single
intelligence agency says that they did
and if your did not interfere because
because what so if you're a reporter in
Alabama or Washington you might want to
ask represent and Robert aderholt what
in God's green earth is he doing in
Eastern Europe and why is he so
convinced that the Russians are right
and the US government is wrong
it's not just Trump there's a lot of
people involved in this and Jeff Sharlet
who has spent a long time studying the
fellowship and the National Prayer
Breakfast group says one interesting
thing is they said they had a bunch of
property in Moscow hmm why does the
National Prayer Breakfast in America
have property in Moscow it's a good
question and he continued the National
Prayer group was designed created and
functions for back-channeling it's a
full week-long lobbying festival our
politicians get lobbied sometimes
apparently by foreign agents and then
they call it prayer if you're an actual
Christian you should be deeply offended
how they're using your religion as a
guys for their lobbying this is the
swamp and he just put a cross on it two
easy ways for the young turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
