Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts so
we finally got a Russian agent inside
the United States and she has been
arrested so in fact ladies and gentlemen
we got him got her so let me tell you
all about it is from a New York Times
story she has been brought up on charges
for interfering in our elections and in
trying to woo Republicans both
politicians and groups to work with the
Russians fascinating it's interesting
how they chose to target the right wing
and how they thought they would be far
more sympathetic to Russia and the
authoritarian leader turns out to be a
correct assumption so New York Times
explained it a Russian woman who tried
to broker a secret meeting between
Donald J Trump and the Russian President
Vladimir Putin
during the 2016 presidential campaign
was charged Monday and accused of
working with Americans to carry to carry
out a secret Russian effort to influence
American politics now the most important
and interesting part of that is working
with Americans fascinating who are those
Americans that has not yet been revealed
but it will be and we have some
excellent clues here so let's continue
at the behest of senior Russian
government official the woman Marie abou
Tina made the connections through the
National Rifle Association religious
organizations and the National Prayer
Breakfast to try to steer the Republican
Party toward more pro-russia policies
court records show look at that and the
traitors at the NRA and the National
Prayer Breakfast were like oh the
Russians would like to work with us
great to undermine our democracy yay
look we'll find out the contours of it
when all is revealed they already have
the information they already charged her
it's only a matter of time before it all
comes out in the court records and we'll
find out to what degree the NRA were
traitors to this country and maybe they
aren't maybe they'll say oh well when
they found out they were Russians they
refused to take their money or
collaborate with them at all I mean we
have pictures but hey you never know you
never know we'll find out soon enough
so we
what she's been charged with and we know
who is she tried to work with let's go
to more details
well mr. Putin denied any involvement
Monday and such activity is court
documents show that miss Bettina told
associates that her covert efforts were
approved by mr. Putin's administration
in fact she worked with mr. tortion
Alexander tortion who is the deputy
governor of the Russian central bank
he's linked to both Russian security
services and to shockingly organized
crime in Russia really organized crime
working with the Russian government who
would have guessed and she's now the
Putin says my guys working with her of
course not
this is one of her emails where she
asked tortion quote I am ready for
further orders gee I wonder if she's
working for torsion who's working for
Putin seems complicated I can't quite
solve it yes of course that's why she's
been charged the emails are super
obvious I am waiting for further orders
is not complicated all right miss beauty
now is the 26th Russian and the first
one arrested to face charges related to
interference in the presidential
election there are two relevant parts of
that one is sometimes problems we'll say
I'd say this is a witch-hunt
nobody's been charged 46 Russians have
been charged let alone man afford Flynn
Papadopoulos and the list goes on and on
and several of those people have already
pled guilty
gates another guy that pled guilty and
those are all Americans all worked with
Donald Trump
I'm sure it's all the coincidence and
then secondly well this is the one we
got so the others are in Russia
including the 12 Russian intelligence
officers that were recently charged but
Marie Bettina is in our custody um I
don't know if she's going to flip if
she's going to cooperate or if that
endangers her life I have I don't know I
do know that she's in prison now so
interesting and we have all of her
information
her home was raided in back in April and
they collected that information back
then we're finding out about it now
in one email the Americans
and this is the American collaborator
working with the Russian agent said he
had given miss boo Tina a map for how to
proceed
quote I and your friends in America
can't make it any easier for you than
that
the political operative road mmm yeah
and wait to find out who that operative
is that's an American saying we have
made it as simple as possible for the
Russians and giving you a roadmap for
how to influence politics is it a
democratic operative it doesn't look
like it but if it is we'll report it to
you guys it appears to be a Republican
operative we'll find out soon enough
fascinating the Russians thought the
Republicans they'll be easy okay we're
not done yet
mr. Makino viewed the NRA as a powerful
force for shifting Republican policies
court records show she described the
group as quote the largest sponsor of
the elections to the US Congress and as
a sponsor of the Conservative Political
Action Conference the NRA is not named
in court records but its ties to Miss
Rutina and miss mr. torsion have been
previously reported let's give you a
little bit more details about that
though the American operative is not
identified the New York Times's
previously reported mr. Utena developed
a close relationship with Paul Erickson
an NRA member and longtime conservative
activist who was part of the effort to
arrange a meeting between mr. Putin and
mr. Trump miss Bettina has publicly
described hosting mr. Erickson at an
event in Moscow mr. Erickson and his
lawyer did not respond to messages
seeking comment he is not identified in
court records and has not been charged
so I'm telling you what the New York
Times is reporting there and like Kay
now said three or four times don't worry
we'll get to find out soon who they are
because the government has them the
special counsel has their names has all
the documents so and you don't see the
NRA out there profusely denying this
stuff too much because they did it all
right but we'll find out soon enough and
you know sometimes as always with the
NRA and Republicans and conservatives
they do projection
they'll say oh the Democrats they're not
patriotic they're unamerican meanwhile
it looks like they might have been
working with the Russians to betray our
country that would literally make you
certainly unpatriotic and might even
literally make you a traitor can't wait
to find out who it is Oh what I do know
already that there is a picture that
butene of the Russian agent has with a
lot of Republicans including this
conservative activist oh right that's
Wayne LaPierre the head of the NRA now
look one picture doesn't prove anything
maybe she just asked for a picture and
he doesn't know who she is although
there are many pictures of her at NRA
events and we have the emails can't wait
to see you in court NRA can't wait to
easy ways follow young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
