listen up America you need to stop it
with this cock acity black no I'm not
african-american I'm black black isn't a
bad word
this is coupon Carl he's quaking right
now look just look at the way his body
is shaking an old boy you might be
thinking why is Carl so scared well cuz
a whole black lady actually had the
audacity to walk into Carl's CVS and try
to buy something get this with a free
coupon illegal so Carl naturally is
doing the only thing he knows when his
sovereignty is threatened because he
himself is the manager so he has to call
the manager in real-life cops you can
show up in her name is Camilla Hudson I
have ID and we'll share it so this is
where we're at in America we're just
calling the cops on black people at
Starbucks enjoying a barbecue we're
calling the cops on black kids when
they're being entrepreneurial like
mowing lawns or selling water for
Disneyland tickets we're definitely
calling the cops on black people
enjoying pools on a hot summer day oh no
and now deep discounts for $39.99 you
can buy educated DVD CD player and
there's no Jim Crowe ended right like
you can't just call the manager on black
people existing around you in real life
but what's even more hilarious about the
stories that Carl would question the
legitimacy of this lady's diaper coupon
so hard he called the cops it's not a
bit of work in the field of forgery
himself Carl knows a good forgery when
he sees one since he apparently forged a
bunch of signatures when he petitioned
to build an expensive waterfront bike
path to a beach near his own home Carl
said improving the beachfront would not
mean that there would be an influx of
people from the south side now Carl of
course is a Republican he's the
president of the Log Cabin Republicans
of Illinois actually and is now running
for 48th Ward Alderman
and one of his campaign promises is you
might have guessed this but increased
police pressure throughout aldermen
Matson's 48th Ward so you know I love
the Internet detectives and and keep
filming racist please and keep exposing
these idiots but there's an important
lesson to be had here and it's twofold
one stop calling the cops on people of
color existing
- technically most things are crimes but
it's about how those rules are enforced
and the reason why we criticize the
criminal justice system is racist is
because those unnecessary codes are
oftentimes enforced in a
disproportionate manner on demographics
of color keeping them in a perpetual
cycle of crime and poverty get woke
folks also keep racist shaking like
coupon Carl by filming them I'm a psalm
piker please don't forget to leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
and please share this video with your
friends if you're sick and tired of all
these races idiots don't forget to
download the TYT app the Android one is
coming soon and this has been the
breakdown
