worldcup happened this past month and I
personally haven't cared about it since
2002 when turkey courageously beat South
Korea to take third place but this year
France won defeating Croatia in the
final four to two and this is important
because wait a minute look at this team
turns out France produced 50 athletes
who played under a variety of flags in
this year's World Cup and more than half
of the French team's players are
immigrants wonder what happens when you
have a pure statistic driven meritocracy
with the sole goal of winning hmm
especially in a country that has great
youth development programs now if only
we could adopt this sort of mentality
when it comes to immigration across the
board because here's the reality
immigrants love the countries they
emigrate to and I can tell you this from
personal experience because we leave the
comfortable conditions of our home
countries behind we leave our friends we
leave our families behind to come to a
new country even when a lot of us are
aware that we won't be welcome for
France and for other European countries
this is also the legacy of colonialism a
timeless practice in which the French
and the English and Belgians and the
Germans and the Italians just kind of
went over to Africa and said this is
ours now and colonialism forever change
the cultural makeup of countries like
Cameroon Algeria Morocco and Libya and
then in the 1960s after these countries
that achieved independence France also
increased emigration from former
colonies to help address a domestic
labor shortage so then you had young
families coming in from Africa that
filled neighborhoods called
Bondi is that some fearmonger with
fascist leanings today call no-go zones
were Sharia course you're setup where
Muslim density is very intense this is
false we have made some regrettable
errors on error regarding the Muslim
population in Europe particularly with
regard to England and France
yeah that's Fox News apologizing further
no-go zones coverage to be clear there
is no formal designation of these zones
in either country and no credible
information to support the assertion
there are specific areas in these
countries that exclude individuals based
solely on their religion in 2005 France
specifically experienced some major
riots in these volunteers in the
aftermath of a police chase that ended
with two teens being electrocuted to
death which is unfortunately a similar
story to what you see in a
America its classes depression
exacerbated by racism creating a
never-ending cycle of violence and
poverty and we in the u.s. know the
devastating outcomes of police
departments operating as an occupying
force and lower-income neighborhoods all
too well this is no different than the
negative reaction we saw to a minority
quietly protesting an issue that affects
all Americans in the form of the NFL
protests sadly multicultural diverse
intersectional French and English teams
scoring goals won't stop people from
screaming lies about Africans and
Muslims like the outrageous lie that I
just mentioned that Sharia law is coming
to a barrio near you which the raccoon
or is this stay Muslim Muslim at law
that they've got that they've got that
law that's the English Defence League or
the Magid shuds of England which is a
group of idiotic hooligans were
absolutely terrified of immigration and
across Europe there's been a massive
resurgence of white nationalist
movements like this and France is no
exception as you may recall famous
neo-nazi daughter Mary lepen almost
became the president of France before
being defeated by Toby from the office
it was also a painfully average neo
liberal but at least not openly fascist
and raises like lepen racists and
anti-immigration fear mongers or idiotic
and when you try to intellectualize
these stances you don't actually sound
any different than this person you got
Muslim that Raycom moves
