so Donald Trump went to go have a summit
with Vladimir Putin he did this in
Helsinki and right before he went he
began the tweeting now you know that
there was just the indictments handed
out by Special Counsel robert muller
saying that yes in fact the the DNC the
Hillary Clinton's campaign John Podesta
Center were hacked by 12 Russian agents
so and all the Republicans and the
fish'll II the White House has
acknowledged yes that's true it they
didn't say that they cooperated with
Donald Trump or the Donald Trump
operated with them but the Russians did
do it no question about it well Trump
nonetheless tweets our relationship with
Russia has never been worse thanks to
many years of us foolishness and
stupidity and now the rigged witch-hunt
look you can defend yourself and say hey
I didn't do it this report says the
Russians interfered but I didn't talk to
them and I didn't ask them to interfere
it kind of did so publicly but you could
at least say that that was joking right
but no he says the whole investigation
is foolishness and stupidity the
investigation was not just about did
they do social media and fake news and
Facebook etc no it was also Enda
stealing the emails of cetera but they
also tried to get into our voter
databases that's messing with our actual
votes luckily they didn't make it in as
far as we know the investigation says
but they tried they tried to get into
the voter databases in a huge number of
states and so shouldn't you be concerned
about that what if they get in next time
and rigged the vote against you
what if they rigged it against your
party whether it's or what if the
Chinese kind of rigged it even better
like this is something that is obviously
should be a concern to the President of
the United States and our national
security and our democracy but he's like
no it's foolishness as stupidity do you
represent us or not so what does Russia
do they're almost trolling there like
laughing what looking for the puppet
that we have so they retweet what Trump
did and they add we agree well
I'm glad that his boss agrees he must be
so proud
Russia interferes in our election not
just with stupid tweets but tries to
break into the voter data and to the
ballot box and Trump's like oats it's
our fault it's our fault what happened I
thought you didn't like apology tours oh
you didn't like your way do they get a
little this one they meet for two hours
first of all when the Trump team is
asked what are the what is the meeting
about they literally say the leaders
will decide that once they're in the
meeting you're gonna go meet with
whether you consider them a life Oh
something in between you're gonna meet
with one of the most important leaders
in the world and you have no agenda no
that means you have an agenda you don't
want to tell us about so god knows what
was in that set in that room because it
was just the two of them with
interpreters and that's it because Trump
did not want anyone else to hear what
was going on so they come out into a
press conference afterwards and it gets
way worse so let's begin the madness
first a journalists ask them about the
tweets let's watch mr. president you
tweeted this morning that it's us
foolishness stupidity and the Muller
probe that is responsible for the
decline in US relations with Russia do
you hold Russia at all accountable for
anything in particular and if so what
would you what would you consider them
that they are responsible for so
excellent question you know you call it
a witch hunt foolishness stupidity just
giving you an opportunity here to say
hey yeah but I am a little concerned
about this at least a little all right
let's see what his answer is yes I do I
hold both countries responsible I think
that the United States has been foolish
I think we've all been foolish we should
I had this dialogue a long time ago a
long time frankly before I got to office
and I think we're all to blame
I think that the United States now is
step forward along with Russia and we're
getting together and we have a chance to
do some great things we're all to blame
could you imagine if it the Russians
were accused of bringing in two
Republican emails and into the voter
boxes to help Hillary Clinton and
Hillary Clinton came out and said I
don't know I guess we're all to blame
I mean yes America has been very foolish
and and if the Russians tried to rig an
election I guess it's also America's
fault heads would have exploded it would
have exploded and by the way to be fair
they're exploding today even a lot of
conservatives are speaking out saying
but John McCain saying is the low point
in it for the American presidency former
congressman joe walsh deeply right-wing
he's super proud of being Tea Party
he says that's it I'm never gonna
support Trump again this is borderline
traitorous activity I don't think even
included the word borderline so you're
gonna blame America first that's amazing
that's amazing but we're just getting
started here's more I do feel that we
have both made some mistakes I think
that the the probe is a disaster for our
country
I think it's kept us apart it's kept us
separated there was no collusion at all
everybody knows it people are being
brought out to the fore
the probe was a disaster the probe
concluded that the Russians did in fact
meddle in our elections every single
intelligence agency agrees a grand jury
just indicted based on that information
for one second put yourself aside even
if you're the narcissist that you are
Donald Trump they're asking your
question about do you think they try to
interfere with the votes something that
is couldn't be more fundamental to our
democracy
I think it's foolishness and the probes
of witch-hunt so okay you're basically
saying yeah go for it anytime you want
come in do anything you like to our
elections have added Russia not only you
but everybody else that wants to I'm not
gonna do anything about it I'm not gonna
protect American democracy you're right
there with them in a press conference
for the whole world to see
pathetic absolutely pathetic more so far
that I know virtually none of it related
to the campaign and they're gonna have
to try really hard to find somebody that
did relate to the campaign that was a
clean campaign
I beat Hillary Clinton easily and
frankly we beat her and I'm not even
saying from the standpoint we won that
race and it's a shame that they could
even be a little bit of a cloud over it
people know that people understand it
but the main thing and we discussed this
also zero collusion and it has had a
negative impact upon the relationship of
the two largest nuclear powers in the
world we have 90 percent of nuclear
power between the two countries it's
ridiculous it's ridiculous what's going
on with the probe the probe concluded
just divorced from you it concluded that
Russia was trying to actually hack into
our votes and he said it was a disaster
for our country not that Russia was
acting in but that we revealed that
Russia was hacking in he said well now
it's hurt our relationship because we
found out that they were trying to
subvert our democracy well I don't want
that to hurt our relationship what
should we have keep it in hidden yes he
says you should have never done the
probe you have done a great job of
serving Putin you must be so proud and I
know that there are voices on the
whatever left I mean they think they're
the most progressive they're not they're
just the most in fyast means the most
irrational and there are clearly a lot
of voices on the right who are like oh
no no that if you criticize Russia that
means you want world war 3 no it doesn't
no it doesn't I don't want any
hostilities I want them to have summits
but I don't want our president to go out
there and go you trying to take away our
democracy Bravo it was our fault I
apologize I deeply apologize what
happened I thought he was an alpha male
for the right-wingers turns out he's a
beta turns out he's getting cooked by
Putin on television in front of the
whole world oh I'm sorry I'm sorry for
doing the probe I'm sorry for doing the
probe just interfere anytime you like
yes sir
it doesn't mean we want them to us to do
military action against Russia doesn't
mean we want World War 3 it just means
hey can you take some sort of corrective
action so that our democracy is not in
danger by the Russians or anyone else or
we're gonna what's your proposal what's
the alternative we just do nothing we
just got
okay great hey anyone you like Saudi
Arabia whoever it's open season just
come in and try to get all of our voter
databases have fun okay more of this
insanity a reason why the Democrats lost
an election which frankly they should
have been able to win because the
electoral college is much more
advantageous for Democrats as you know
than it is to Republicans we won the
electoral college by a lot 306 to 223 I
believe and that was a well-fought that
was a well-fought battle we did a great
job and frankly I'm gonna let the
president speak to the second part of
your question but just to say it one
time again and I say it all the time
there was no collusion I didn't know the
president there was nobody to collude
with there was no collusion with the
campaign and every time you hear all of
these you know 12 and 14 it's stuff that
has nothing to do and frankly they admit
these are not people involved in the
campaign but to the average reader out
there they're saying well maybe that
does it doesn't and even the people
involved some perhaps told miss stories
or though in one case the FBI said there
was no lie there was no life somebody
else said there was we ran a brilliant
campaign and that's why I'm president
Thank You Putin's got everything how do
I get this lucky okay I got this schmuck
over here defending me - no and I don't
even have to say anything
here American president tell us why the
Russian interference was awesome great
yes I read a great election it was so
fantastic don't worry about the Russians
at all and them trying to interfere with
our democracy who cares turn Iowa 306 I
did a great great job the Russians are
great we try to have a great alliance
with them Putin's like continued okay
all right now we're gonna get into even
more interesting stuff watch this
did you direct any of your officials to
help empty that reducible legal but they
didn't bill you on a second because he
talked about being the us-russia
relationship back to normal question my
reporter did you want Donald Trump to
win Putin was at least a clear answer
yes I did I wanted Trump to it and look
at that low and behold Trump did with
now again it has not been proven that
that was determinative I think that the
the social media that the Russians did
is a little overhyped but the election
was so close almost everything was
determinative this is Putin going like
you're what are you gonna do about it I
have that your president right next to
me I control him completely he's doing
my talking points for me yeah I wanted
him to win and I got it I'm tough and
I'm strong this is my beta okay and so
I'm just gonna tell you I did there's no
consequences got you okay we continue
just now President Putin denied having
anything to do with the election near
Ference in 2016
every US intelligence agency has
concluded that Russia did what who my
first question for you sir is who do you
believe my second question is would you
now with the whole world watching tell
President Putin which you denounced what
happened in 2016 and what you warned him
to never do it again
so great question obvious question very
clear and a really easy answer even if
you want to obfuscate it's easy to do it
is he gonna take it of course that watch
so let me just say that we have two
thoughts you have groups that are
wondering why the FBI never took the
server and haven't they taken the server
why was the FBI told to leave the office
of the Democratic National Committee
I've been wondering that I've been
asking that for months and months and
I've been tweeting it out and calling it
out on social media where is the server
I want to know where is the server and
what is the server saying with that
being said all I can do is ask the
question
people came to me dan coates came to me
and some others they said they think
it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be but I really
do want to see the server but I have I
have confidence in both parties you say
you're tough you say you call out Russia
so great here's an opportunity we're not
saying start any hostilities we're just
saying he's right there can you say hey
we find what you did to be problematic
Hillary's server Hillary's server what
are you talking about Hillary he's right
there do you hold him accountable at all
you know I just asked the question
no as president you don't just ask a
question so if we were up against Hitler
I'm not saying that Putin is Hitler I'm
just using an analogy if we're up
against Hitler and Neville Chamberlain
goes in and goes hey Hitler do you have
any intention of taking Poland and he
says no okay he denies it he strongly
denies it
I hope my job is just to ask questions
look I don't want war okay and I want
diplomacy but your job as the president
of the United States is not just to ask
questions I go oh I guess he said so it
must be true sometimes people like Kim
jong-un who's a dictator runs
concentration camps lies to you Oh even
if you thought he was an honest actor
okay even if you think he's not in the
back pocket of Russia then he's
monumentally stupid like I don't know
Putin is a guy who was a former KGB spy
obviously incredibly sophisticated there
are instances where we have some
alliances there are places where we
disagree but obviously I'm going to be
careful with this guy no I'm just asking
the question and he says he didn't do it
he says it's and so I don't know why
they say that it might be Russia but I
don't know why it would be Russia over
the top man over the top so okay there
he is in the press conference not
holding Putin accountable saying he
doubts the
intelligence community and everybody
including the Republican Party he goats
every single part of the United States
government but the Russian government he
believes we have an American president
who says the American government is
foolish stupid totally wrong the Russian
government that try and if you are in
our democracy is wonderful I believe
them
I don't believe us if a Democratic
president had done that my god the fury
the hearings then etc best-case scenario
is he's a childish buffoon of a man but
I don't believe I believe that that is
true but I believe that it is also
obvious on its it's so obvious the only
reason it you don't if you don't
acknowledge it it's because you don't
want to see it
you're a blinders on no I think I would
have gone up there and said o Russia's
wonderful they should hack into our
elections all the time it's great
oh yeah we're the idiots they're
wonderful though but him me in his back
pocket wholly independent how could you
not see it
alright so we're not done yet almost
there okay so wait till you get a load
of this one watch but I don't think it
can go on without finding out what
happened to the server what happened to
the servers of the Pakistani gentleman
that worked on the DNC where are those
servers they're missing where are they
what happened to Hillary Clinton's
emails 33,000 emails gone just gone I
think in Russia they wouldn't begun so
easily I think it's a disgrace that we
can't get Hillary Clinton's 33,000
emails so I have great confidence in my
intelligence people but I will tell you
that President Putin was extremely
strong and powerful in his denial today
and what he did is an incredible offer
he offered to have the people working on
the case come and work with their
investigators with respect to the 12
people I think that's an incredible
offer an incredible offer Putin offered
to put spies in the middle of our
investigation of him
what an incredible offer what an
incredible offer
if you don't think he's corrupt then you
have to conclude he's the dumbest person
we've ever had as president I mean this
guy I'm investigating and my agencies
are and he says he'd like to put in
agents that help that investigation what
a wonderful offer congratulations Magga
guys your best-case scenario is your
president is to forget one of the
dumbest presidents probably the dumbest
guy ever elected into office the reality
is he's both corrupt and doesn't know
how to cover up because he is that thumb
it's both the answer was both but wait
to get a little Putin at the end rubbing
it in they ask him do you have
compromise compromising information on
Trump if he didn't control him
completely and he was slightly nervous
and he didn't have him in a gimp outfit
he would say no that's ridiculous
he never says no watch just the Russian
government have any compromising
material on President Trump or his
family
and now to the compromising material
yeah I did hurt this rumors that we
allegedly collected compromising
material on mr. Trump when he was
visiting Moscow while distinguished
colleague let me tell you this when
President Trump visit Moscow back then I
didn't even know that he was in Moscow I
treat present Trump with utmost respect
but back then when he was a private
individual a businessman nobody informed
me that he was in Moscow he didn't say
no he said yeah I heard those are worse
I didn't even know he was in Moscow will
see of Moscow how simple is it to say no
that's ridiculous of course we don't
have compromising information on the US
president what a preposterous question
right oh I heard that hmm with that nice
little smile up what are you gonna do
about it I own your president there's
nothing you could do about it
that's him rubbing it in later for good
measure he brought in George Soros not
Trump Putin did springing out a little
anti seven times he's like I had how do
you know the soros didn't meddle in the
elections he said in an earlier
interview with megyn kelly he had said
maybe it was the Jews in Russia that had
that did it so in case you weren't sure
about the anti-semitism why does he say
that he's like well it wasn't me and on
top of that I'll get some more
right-wing boats in Russia and we use
the same trick we run against the others
people who can easily be scapegoated
whether they're Muslims whether they're
Jews whatever it might be but hey
squirrel look away don't look at the
real problem and get a load of how
ridiculous that is I mean to talk about
rubbing it in Putin's thesis is maybe
George Soros interfered in the election
to help elect Donald Trump but Soros you
say is the most
there is why would he help Donald Trump
it doesn't have to make sense we just
have to scapegoat someone and move on
with our lives
because what difference does it make the
u.s. is never going to hold us
accountable you had every opportunity to
and you didn't because I control your
president at least now we know Young
Turks two easy ways for the Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
