so Donald Trump has been on a trip to
Europe you know that he went met with
NATO then he went to the UK and now of
course he's having a summit with the
Russians I'm gonna show you a couple of
things that happened on that trip that
are amazing and I don't think I've
gotten enough coverage so first let's go
back a little bit to before you went to
the UK he was asked about brexit this is
one of my favorite videos it gives you
an excellent sense of what Donald Trump
is all about and I'm curious if you're a
trump supporter at the end of the videos
you still think he's smart because that
would be amazing and then I'll have
other quotes for you as well
but let's get started you asked about
brexit let's take a look yes and breaks
it sorry said because you are getting to
the UK what will be your message on
brexit well brexit is you know I've been
reading a lot about brexit over the last
couple of days and it seems to be
turning a little bit differently where
they're getting at least partially
involved back with the European Union
I have no message it's not for me to say
I own a lot of property there I'm going
to Scotland while I wait for the meeting
I have Turnberry in Scotland which is a
magical place one of my favourite places
I'm going there for two days while I
wait for the Monday meeting but it's not
for me to say what they should be doing
in the UK I have great friendships my
mother was born in Scotland
I have great friendships over there we
have a wonderful ambassador Woody
Johnson and a student by the way what
he's doing a great job but it's it's not
for me to say I'd like to see him be
able to work it out so it could go
quickly whatever they work out if that
was a book report your teacher would
have told you to start over again I
asked you about Briggs attain your views
on it not your golf courses not your
mommy
not your ambassador that you're
obviously using the stall because you
don't know anything about it second of
all saying when you're president the
United States I've been reading a lot
about brazen over the last couple of
days it's not impressive you should have
known about Briggs in before the last
couple of days but he's bragging that I
did a little piece of my homework I
found out what Briggs it was Oh Andy do
you really read a lot about Briggs in
over the last two days of course not and
nobody asks you about your golf courses
can you for one second focus on Paul
as the President of the United States
you're supposed to be representing us we
don't give a damn about your golf
courses that you're trying to shill here
but mainly he's just trying to evade the
answer it gets worse and worse if you
thought he knew what Briggs it was or
anything with nuance like heartbreak so
well he's gonna get asked let's find out
if he does is it heartbreaking a heart
breaks and I see I thought you said it
was heartbreaking
I said that might be going a little bit
too far
heartbreak is it heartbreaking a lot of
things are heartbreaking
now I would I would say that you know
brexit is brexit it's not like I guess
when you will use the term hard brexit I
assume that's what you meant the people
voted to break it up so I would imagine
that's what they'll do but maybe they
take it a little bit of a different
route so I don't know if that's what
they voted for
yeah breaks it is to exit the European
Union and if that's the most basic thing
in the world he asked you about hard
breaks it and Anki you're joking around
about heart breaking because you didn't
know what the hell heart breaks it was I
don't mind the joking around I'm gonna
stickler for that stuff do you have any
opinion on what heart breaks it is you
don't know what it is you're you're an
embarrassment you don't know anything
yeah you know like they want us they
want to break it up
my favorite part though was if you
notice that this is such a Trump thing
it's what a kid does when he doesn't
know anything
watch brexit is brexit race it is brexit
correct brexit is brexit I'll give you
that one
well that ed is really clarifying or
glad you elucidated that for us because
I just I didn't know what breaks it
wasn't told you you told me that breaks
it is in fact brexit oh okay we're not
done yet with the idiocy
it continues rolling downhill I just
want the people to be happy are there
great people and I do think I have you
sure there'll be protests because
they're always protest but I think there
were there were protests the night of
the election both ways but in the end we
got a you know two hundred and six
electoral 306 electoral votes and one
states that you know is interesting one
of the states we won in Wisconsin I
didn't even
realizes until fairly recently that was
the one state that Ronald Reagan didn't
win when he ran the board his second
time he didn't win Wisconsin and we won
Wisconsin so you know we had a we had a
great night nobody asked you about your
own election he's such a pathological
narcissist
you don't we had a great night on the
lashes protest her protest brings it as
pranks but let me tell you about me okay
and you have it wrong for the third
straight time Reagan won Wisconsin
I don't like Reagan but he won Wisconsin
he lost Minnesota because Walter
Mondale's from Minnesota that was his
home state that was the only state
Reagan lost in 84 this is the third time
he's repeated that but that shows you
not only is he a moron and completely
uneducated that's such a basic fact if
you're a plumber you don't know that
that's okay if you're the president
bragging about it and this is the third
time you've gotten it wrong publicly he
has no ability to be embarrassed but the
dangerous part is that no one in his
inner circle can pull him aside and go
mr. Trump a little awkward but it was
Minnesota not Wisconsin because he but
what do you mean of course it was
Wisconsin you're fired you're fired how
dare you correct me so the moron keeps
saying it's Wisconsin what it wasn't
Wisconsin all right so far has he
answered any of our policy anything at
all any of you maggot guys are you proud
yet this buffoon doesn't know anything
but we haven't even gotten to the worst
part here you go protests there there
might be protests but I believe that the
people in the UK Scotland Ireland as you
know I have property in Ireland of
property all over I think that those
people they like me a lot and they agree
with me on immigration and I think
that's why you have brexit in the first
place because of immigration Ireland is
not in the United Kingdom he's the
president let's show maps because
apparently he likes pictures won't pay
attention unless you show him pictures
of the memos let's go to graphics seven
here this is a rudimentary map of the
United Kingdom you see Ireland is not
part of it Northern Ireland is if he'd
said Northern Ireland Oh
maybe right let's show you a picture of
Ireland see that's the country next to
the United Kingdom
uh-huh but I have great golf courses in
Ireland dancing okay I've great golf
courses in Scotland and Ireland when do
we move on to the next part of the book
report did I tell you about my mommy yet
Oh monumentally preposterous ly stupid
other people you know the the people in
the UK they like me they like me a lot
because of my stance on immigration let
me show you a poll Britain's with
unfavorable view of Donald Trump 77%
giant protests I Got News for your
Donald they don't like you they kind of
hate you they think you're an imbecile
and they're absolutely correct so wait I
got one more quote that I'm going to
read to you guys but but first let's go
to another video cuz he's if he just
left it at I don't know anything okay we
have an idiot for a president but no
he's gonna do more damage you know
another part of the trip after going to
the UK he declares that the European
Union art along with Canada Mexico our
top allies are actually our enemies what
okay let's watch well I think we have a
lot of foes I think the European Union
is a foe what they do to us in trade and
now you wouldn't think of the European
Union but they're a foe Russia's a foe
in certain respects China's a foe of
economically certainly they're a foe
it's not what you're supposed to say is
president to call our allies our foes
the Germans put out a statement saying
it is obvious we cannot rely on the
White House anymore meaning okay if you
think we're the enemy I guess we'll go
trade elsewhere
I guess we'll look for alliances
elsewhere because you're driving
everyone away with your stupidity yeah
you shouldn't talk about that in the
context of of trade and mixing that up
with national security and calling our
allies our enemies and then you go at
the end and do a kiss-ass
Booton why you're calling the European
Union our foes it's madness
now in that video you saw for yourself
he also mentioned Russia in China but
just have a little bit of common sense
so that you could say hey the European
Union is our great ally we have some
disagreements over trade that would
require a tiny percent of sophistication
in nuance alright
and then finally he's talking to Piers
Morgan when he lands in the UK and hears
these quotes sure gems Magga guys again
put on the red hat be so proud that this
is your leader man if your leader is
this stupid what are you okay so here we
go we would make a great deal with the
united kingdom he says because they have
a product that we like I mean they have
a lot of great product they make
phenomenal things you know you have
different names you can say England you
can say UK you can say United Kingdom so
many different you know you have you
have so many different names Great
Britain I always say which one do you
prefer Great Britain
you understand what I'm saying no no
even Piers Morgan who did a fawning
interview did not understand what you
were saying so he asked you know Great
Britain in the United Kingdom aren't
exactly the same thing awkward
so Trump answers right yeah you know I
know but a lot of people don't know that
but you have lots of different names
the fact is you make great product you
make great things even your farm product
is so fantastic well I don't know if he
knows the difference for you United
Kingdom and Great Britain in England I
don't know if he knows that Ireland is
not part of the country but I do know he
thinks you make good product even good
farm product well I guess problem solved
every time I think of those manga guys I
think this is what you're proud of
amazing enjoy two easy ways for young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
