so you guys have all seen the maggot
hats right make America great again
they're red they decide to put away the
brown shirts what and go to a Red Hat's
it's good but you gotta have some sort
of article of clothing to distinguish
here I get it here we show you a picture
of it from incredible gifts that is one
of the folks who sells the maggots in in
bulk and they've sold a lot of it you
guys are familiar with this obviously
well the company's owners David lass off
and he said they said David last saw
have said that the company has sold a
few hundred thousand Magga hats since
Trump announced his candidacy in June of
2015 well that's a lot of hats ok good
for them but there's a recent problem
well let's look into it ABC News reports
the new tariffs announced against China
on Thursday would hit 200 and billion
dollars worth of Chinese imports
especially consumer goods including the
popular hats sported by the Trump
supporters around the nation oh that's
awesome his own tariffs are going to
hurt the maggot at prices because
they're made in China look let's be fair
the official maggots that you can get
from the Trump campaign are made in
America and they are more expensive but
that's why a lot of his fans have been
going to the retailers like this or in
this case last softs company incredible
gifts look that's my second plug for
them but there's a matter that berry
there explore expensive and they want to
get cheaper hats so you could get it
from the official store but they don't
want to pay that price they want to pay
a lower price oops now your lower price
is gonna be gone price of the Hat
according to the hill could double from
between nine and twelve dollars to at
least twenty dollars if he's forced to
abandon his Chinese manufacturers and
make the hats in the United States the
Hat David lass off said is his websites
best selling item now let's dive a
little bit more into why it's gonna cost
more he says last soft says we usually
sell the manga hats for around nine to
twelve dollars but it could go to twenty
if we had to make them in the US and
then
broader them here there might be a
limited quantity of hats in the future
we're trying to make sure we have enough
hats in stock now so things change we're
prepared so hilarious on a couple of
fronts first of all you might see less
Magga hats because they just might not
make as many of them awesome it will be
ironically because of Donald Trump's
tariffs awesome and I like that they're
trying to old gun trick to the gun lobby
says oh my god the Democrats gonna take
your guns away okay so you better hurry
up and buy more guns so last up is
clearly going for I mean Trump is so
stupid
he's gonna make the past that hat so
expensive I can't so so you better grab
him right away while I still have them
at this price I see you I see you or it
gets better last I've said this company
is thinking about importing goods from
Vietnam to avoid the proposed tariffs
well I guess that'll solve it make
Vietnam great again okay
we're of course when I can make it in
America no be ridiculous okay I if I can
ISM in any of her stuff in America most
of the Trump Organization has deals
international they don't make stuff here
in America you think but we're not done
with all the ironies in democracies last
one last off said he also hopes big
online retailers like Amazon and Walmart
will lobby against the proposed tariffs
on behalf of smaller companies that use
their platforms that might have broken a
record for irony
your hat prices might double if you
support Donald Trump because of Donald
Trump's policies so the guys selling the
hats want to use lobbyists the swamp and
giant corporations to fight back against
Donald Trump's own policies so the guys
making the mega hat are like we will
fight Donald Trump on your behalf by
using lobbyists from big corporations
make America great again enjoy that
irony while you wear the hat too easy
wasteful young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and
you do that on YouTube you are notified
of our videos
