Donald Trump tweeted earlier today that
much of the media is the enemy of the
people well so there's two parts of this
the second part is how irrational that
is by definition so I will explain that
in a second but the first part is
obvious so this is just a couple of
weeks after the Capitol Gazette Massacre
where five journalists were killed I
wrote at the time about how a Trump has
blood on his hands because he keeps
attacking the media saying they're the
enemy they're the enemy egging people on
and people said how dare you that's
outrageous you don't know that that
shooter had anything to do with Trump
and and it turns out yes he had a beef
with the paper already but no I don't
retract that for a second yeah was the
precipitating event that lunatic hearing
from Trump that the media's enemy of the
people and that went from hey I'm going
to do a lawsuit which he did to maybe
I'm gonna pick up a gun if he keeps
repeating it will his lunatic base take
more and more action against the press
I mean it's entirely possible and he
also by the way called the European
Union our foe what are you talking about
they're our top Ally other than Canada
and Mexico and of course he's also
attacked them as well but Putin is our
friend Kim Jong Un's our friend
Duterte is our friend Saudi Arabia and
the dictators that run that country in
UAE and the dictators that run that
country are our friends but our actual
friends are not our friends our allies
are our foes Canada is an enemy and even
our own media is an enemy if he's not
trying to divide us and and and destroy
our alliances and create internal
divisions of the country well he's doing
an amazing job of accidentally doing it
either he's doing it on purpose or he's
such a buffoon that every one of his
actions is counterproductive and and
helps our enemies and hurts our allies
so now that's what you'll hear from a
lot of people and that's absolutely true
now let's go to the second part is the
press enemy of the people okay
unfortunately there's two different
camps in this country and I think
neither one of them is right when you
look at over
all way of analyzing that one camp says
of course Trump is right and and you
know the liberal media is terrible and
they're they should be we should destroy
them and get rid of them
and then you've got the establishment
media's counter that which is no the
media is great and they're just terrific
as they are and all this talk of biases
nonsense
I'm not neither one of those camps I'm
in the camp that yes the media has an
unwitting not conspiratorial just an
unwitting bias and it's not a liberal
one that's a hilarious preposterous
thing not backed up by any facts well a
lot of reporters vote for Democrats oh
really who do the executives of those
multi-billion dollar corporations vote
for who do they need approval from for
mergers etc and then you know the
establishment media will say oh well
that sounds conspiratorial yeah it's
conspiratorial that a giant
multi-billion dollar corporation would
want to maximize profit it would be
weird and conspiratorial and by the way
negligence not to do so so yes they have
a bias it is one that is to maintain the
status quo the establishment they're
part of it the status quo has been
terrific to those multi-billion dollar
corporations and they do it in subtle
ways in the stay invisible hand of the
market they don't get together in a room
so that's my point of view on it so I
don't think the establishment media is
right that everything is hunky-dory on
the other hand what does it mean that
they're the enemy of the people well
other than the fact that it encourages
violence is in a terrible way think
about it and it's on American because
the freedom of the press is protected in
our Constitution so that's about as
unamerican a statement as you can make
but now let's go finally the most
important part which is logic now does
that make any kind of sense to you
alright so if the press is enemy of the
people what are we to do with it get rid
of it get rid of it and replace it with
what and I know what the answer is for
the Conservatives their own propaganda
that's why they attack scientists that's
why they attack professors and that's
why they attack the press all the things
that bring you information all the
things that bring you facts and
why in an effort to rip it down and
replace it with our propaganda I another
hand and I think good smart reasonable
progressives believe that we don't wish
you that the press is far from perfect I
mean it's a hilarious thing to say I
think there are significant
institutional problems of the press but
the answer is not to rip it down the
answer is to fix it so you've got to
have a press one way or another do
right-wingers think that we shouldn't
have a press or do they think we should
have a pressed but they should all
repeat whatever Donald Trump says and
they should just print out whatever the
Republican National Committee says and
put it in their papers and that's the
only thing that's not fake news can they
really say that with a straight face I
don't think they even thought it through
they just said whatever Trump says I
don't know I hate the press but how do
you want to fix it or do you think there
should be no press and that we should
have a dictatorial form of government
but do you not believe in our
Constitution that we should have freedom
of the press to me it is super obvious
that of course we have to have a press
of course we do so how can we all work
together to make it better that is the
only logical solution instead Trump and
his right-wing base is going around
calling them the enemy of the people and
all they want to do is tear them down
that is irrational
it's unamerican it makes no sense and
now unfortunately it is dangerous and
these are dangerous times and they keep
egging unstable people on and and it's
both horrific damaging but also just
bottom-line makes no sense at least give
a constructive critique that could make
the press better but they don't want to
make the press better that's the whole
point they want to destroy the rest of
us got to work together to to put
pressure on the press to make sure that
they are actually objective and not
neutral there's a giant difference
actually give us the news I think the
press can be better and I think we could
all work together to make it better
