FBI agent Peter struck has agreed to
voluntarily testify in front of
congressional Republicans now there are
Democrats involved in this hearing as
well and we will show you some examples
of the exchanges that he's had with them
but he is essentially testifying in
front of the House Judiciary and house
oversight committees now this is all in
regard to the text messages that he sent
to an FBI attorney by the name of Lisa
Paige during the time that they were
both involved with the Muller
investigation now as soon as Muller was
made aware of these text messages he
took them off of the investigation so
they have nothing to do with the Russian
meddling investigation they have
absolutely no impact on the outcome of
that investigation with that said though
Republicans have seized on the text
messages that he sent as a way of
discrediting the investigation and so
they claim that there was or there is a
tremendous amount of bias and that it's
a witch-hunt when in reality anyone who
looks into the matter even a little bit
understands that that's not the case
they're just attempting to discredit
what's going on yeah so my favorite
point that he made and we'll show you
all super fun videos in a sec is he said
look if I wanted to make sure the Trump
didn't win and we had a conspiracy about
that I was one of the very few people in
the country that knew that we were
investigating Trump's involvement with
Russia or potential involvement with
Russia right I just leaked it I just
said it in which case that would have
tremendously heard Trump's chance of
winning the election but we didn't leak
it I didn't say anything so if I've got
if I was trying to interfere with the
election I had a curious way of doing it
because I didn't interfere and that is a
devastatingly good point so he makes a
lot of good points look I I was not
interested in this story until I saw the
way that he
is fighting essentially during these
hearings he represents a level of
strength that I wish that we would see
from some of our elected officials on
the left and he is not allowing them to
walk all over him so I want to give you
a quick statement before we go to the
first round of videos let's go to
graphic two he says I have the utmost
respect for Congress
Congress's oversight role but I truly
believe that today's hearing is just
another victory notch in Vladimir
Putin's belt and another milestone in
our enemy's campaign to tear America
apart damn and some of the exchanges
you're about to see really do play into
what he is trying to message in that
quote all right so with that said the
hearings are hours and hours long but I
want to show you what I thought was the
most interesting so here is an exchange
between struck and Darryl eisah
let's take a look at the first video we
have a one sheet of paper that was
presented to you a few minutes ago and
I'm gonna just go to go to a date and
then ask you to read your own words
March 4 2016
you want me to read this yes please yes
sir
OMG he's an idiot May 4th 2016
now the pressure really starts to finish
my ii july 19 2016 hi how was Trump
other than a douche Melania July 21st
2016 Trump is a disaster I have no idea
how destabilizing his presidency would
be yeah okay thank you thank you for
letting him read that that was awesome
that's in the Congressional Record now
so he didn't think the Trump was smart
that may seem perfectly suited for the
Federal Bureau of Investigations
okay if you investigated Trump's
intelligence you would conclude that
he's not very bright
I would love to conduct a polygraph test
on Trump's current advisors and aides
and ask them do you think Trump is a
smart person or the Republican
congressman asking those questions
remember that red state which is a
right-wing blog did an interview
off-the-record with a Republican
congressman who said oh we all think
he's a total
and we just got to survive our primaries
and after that I don't know what will
happen but he's an absolute disaster so
if you read their text it would probably
say the same exact thing and they're not
colluding against Trump it's just
obvious that he's an idiot
so this guy recognize it that doesn't
prove anything so struck thought the
Trump was an idiot what it's left out of
there is that he also did not like
Hillary Clinton or Bernie Sanders
particularly Bernie Sanders that doesn't
mean he launched some sort of deep sake
conspiracy against Bernie Sanders okay
it just means that was his opinions do
you think that other people the FBI
don't have opinions no they all have
opinions political opinions presumably
most of them vote some of them and why
according to inside sources most of them
are Republicans so does that mean they
can never investigate any Democrats know
you put hopefully if you're doing it
right you're a professional you put
those political opinions aside when you
do these investigations and yes some of
them voted for Hillary Clinton yes some
of them voted for Donald Trump it
appears most of them but or more of them
voted for Donald Trump but that doesn't
mean that by definition they're biased
against Hillary Clinton in the
investigation they did over her let's
see more from darrell Issa and Peter
strike August 8 2016 and I'll preface it
by saying this for context miss page
said not ever going to become president
right right no no he's not we'll stop it
repeat that again no no he's not we'll
stop it August 15th 2016
I want to believe the path you threw out
for consideration in Andy's office that
there's no way he gets elected but I'm
afraid we can't take that risk
it's like an insurance policy in the
unlikely event you die before you're 40
on October 20th 2016 I can't pull away
what the and I defer to the Chairman
well one letter if you don't mind why
the eff what the eff happened to our
country lease okay read it again that
way aye sir did you not was I'm not you
just want to hired you to repeat it
please okay sir
sure happy to indulge you
salty yeah and and with the Putin quote
he struck first here there Isis actually
at least parts of those were relevant
the the things that people focus on most
is him saying we'll stop it okay
and so he was given an opportunity to
explain that he does explain it he puts
it in the proper context it didn't mean
we'll do a deep state operation where we
let him win
and then afterwards stop it he won we
didn't do anything to stop them winning
in fact we helped them by concealing the
fact that we were investigating foreign
interference in his campaign right so in
the next video struck gives context into
these text messages and kind of explains
what was going through his head and what
this all means if I may what is
important is that these texts represent
personal beliefs just like those that
you'd find on my personal phone but
these texts do not represent is any act
any suggestion of an act any any
consideration that we need to do this or
not do this and furthermore I would
encourage you is I believe I forget who
I said this to earlier this morning you
need to read these texts in the context
of what was going on at the time so when
I make the comment about Trump having no
idea how to stabilizing his presidency
would be that came on the heels of a
speech where then candidate Trump said
he didn't know whether or not the United
States should honor its commitment to
mutual defense under NATO I pre thank
you very much that's not briefly mr.
chairman enlightenment in light of these
actual look they have no interest in
hearing any explanations this is all
about political theater this is all
about GOP members of Congress trying to
appear like they're these tough guys
because they're not letting him talk
there have no interest in anything he
has to say they just want to get their
point out there they want to make it
abundantly clear and apparent that there
are warriors for Trump and they're gonna
fight for him and they're going
- you know continue this ridiculous
narrative that he's undergoing a witch
hunt it's so pathetic all of its
pathetic and it's so discouraging to see
what's going on right now
yeah can you read your incriminating
text what we believe to be you're in
kerbin takes okay he reads okay can you
explain it I'm gonna explain it cut him
off cut him off we're moving on well but
then what would you have them in for you
could have just read the text yourself
the whole point of the hearings supposed
to be like and what do you say about
that and he's like oh well here's the
context in which Chuck don't talk and
why are we having these earrings
it appears that lawmakers on a local
level in Washington DC and also federal
lawmakers are doing what they can to
block a measure that would essentially
increase the wages of restaurant workers
from below minimum wage to $15 an hour
now this was a ballot initiative that
voters in the DC area overwhelmingly
approved and because the restaurant
industry is in the pockets of these
lawmakers they have decided to do what
they can to stop it so I'll give you the
details now the two GOP representatives
mark meadows and Gary Palmer quietly
introduced an amendment to the houses
government spending bill for 2019 which
would essentially block a local ballot
measure called initiative 77 from going
into effect now that is the ballot
initiative that I was speaking about
earlier now to give you more details on
what that ballot initiative would do and
now that it's approved was supposed to
do voters in the nation's capitol
approved the initiative to require DC
businesses to pay restaurant servers and
other tipped workers the full minimum
wage the new law would slowly rage raise
the sub minimum wage for tipped workers
from three dollars and 33 cents to $15
an hour by 2025 now the sub minimum wage
is something that has been banned in
seven states in the US and it
essentially says that you know in the
states where it's still legal the
employers in these restaurants do not
have to pay the waiters waitresses
bartenders the standard federal minimum
wage they can pay them a lot less as
long as their tips make up for the
difference and so essentially the
customers end up subsidizing the
salaries or the wages for these workers
so the federal sub minimum wage is just
2 dollars and 13 cents that's how much
you get if you're a waiter valet a
bellhop or a bartender at a minimum and
then you get your tips right in in DC
the sub minimum wage is three dollars
and 33 cents and they wanted to bring
that up to $15 which is the minimum
wage in DC through all the way to 2025
so it's really gradual right and there's
two important issues here what is the
substance of this particular issue and
and I'm pointing out that there's seven
states who ban the sub minimum wage
which means that yes the bartenders and
the waiters and waitresses that are make
$15 and then they get tips on top and in
some states it has an effect of the tips
at all they still have very high tipping
in those seven states in some states the
tipping is actually a little bit lower
California and Oregon actually it was
surprised to find out order is lower
alaska's one of the highest in the
country even though they've also brought
up their minimum wage for the waiters
right so but the the restaurant owners
are saying oh my god we're all gonna go
out of business instead of become none
of you went out of business in
California or Alaska or any of the other
states that banned the sub minimum wage
just like Washington did California is
the equivalent of fifth or sixth largest
country in the world if it was its own
country so if there was some sort of
disaster in California because they're
paying waiters $15 or whatever the
minimum wages in their local area we
know and it didn't have any negative pay
it's not a matter of whether we'd know
or not they've already studied it and
they in the studies showed that it had
no effect
they did not these companies did not go
bankrupt so why do they care so much
well if they pay their workers two
dollars and you tip them they get the
minimum wage and to be fair to the
restaurant guys in the law if they don't
get to minimum wage than their tips
after tips then they have to at least
get their employees to whatever the
minimum wages in that jurisdiction so if
they do it so they have to put it on top
but a lot of them do get past the
minimum wage and that's their whole
salary and that way hey I just have the
diner's pay for the salaries of the
waiters waitresses if you have minimum
wage then the restaurant owner has to
pay the actual salary and then you guys
tip the waiters or waitresses and
meanwhile the owner is thinking I want
that money
I wanted that money to go to his way
just so I wouldn't have to pay it no
customers paying makes customers pain
and
as is the case with so many companies
and corporations throughout the country
that refused to pay a living wage to
their workers and then we the taxpayers
end up subsidizing those corporations in
the form of government programs to take
care of their employees who they refuse
to pay a living wage to that's what
happened with Walmart that's what's
happened with major corporations
throughout the country but look that's
that's a big issue that's reoccurring we
talking about it on the show all the
time on a regular basis but the second
part of this that enrages me is what's
the point of having a ballot initiative
where the voters overwhelmingly support
the initiative if the lawmakers are
gonna block it what's the point yeah
obviously you don't believe in democracy
you just don't it's actually even a
little worse than that and it's
absolutely right the second point is
even more important so I'll tell you why
it's worse because if you pass
conservative ballot measures they go
into effect right away now if you pass
progressive ballot measures or ones that
are against corruption or one of the
ones that are against corporations the
lawmakers come in and go sorry
nope I'm gonna block all of those I'm
only gonna let the conservative ones
pass well that's not a democracy and
then why are we having these ballot
measures I mean they already corrupted
Congress you already corrupted the
Supreme Court now you're saying I'm
gonna corrupt a ballot measure process
by only counting the conservative ones
we do not have a democratic system in
the United States we don't and we
haven't for a long time we just don't we
don't I mean this is just another
example of it doesn't matter if you go
out there and vote for these ballot
initiatives and overwhelmingly approve
it because you'll have lawmakers on a
federal level and you'll even have local
lawmakers local politicians step in and
block it if they're in favor or if
they're in the pockets of these
corporations and restaurant owners okay
so let's give you examples of some local
politicians seven seven of the city's 13
council members introduced a bill
Tuesday to repeal it no you don't get to
do that man they do though this has
already happened in Maine so right now
we're talking about Washington DC but
the exact same thing happened in Maine
and I have no doubt that they will
succeed in doing this in DC
so in Maine they pass about measures
with the same exact proposal and the
legislators came and they're like yeah
that's like your opinion man so I don't
know I get paid by my donors my donors
say no so I just threw your democracy in
the garbage
the GOP doesn't care about you they
don't care about you they don't care
that you're the little guy they don't
care if you're in the middle of the
country and you've lost your coal jobs
or your manufacturing jobs they've never
cared about you they're exploiting you
and what you're going through in an
effort to win elections but other than
that they've never cared about you and
this is another example of that they
keep making arguments about tax cuts and
how fantastic they'll be because they'll
create jobs and increase wages wages
remain stagnant and they've created
drops sure but some of those jobs are
not paying most of those jobs are not
paying a living wage a lot of them are
temporary jobs a lot of them are
part-time jobs so the states that have
sub minimum wages the waiters and
waitresses are at the poverty line or
below at a much greater rate than in the
pay in the states that actually have
minimum wage for their waiters and
waitresses in those states they're
they're fine so this actually makes you
an enormous amount of difference the
Republicans say we're gonna give tax
cuts for the rich which will eventually
increase your wages they pass a law that
actually increase yours your wages they
go no don't increase their wages wait
and I thought it was for the workers
eventually oh it turns out it's just for
the rich they don't care about them and
and I'll give you the most egregious
example of a ballot measure being voted
down by the legislators afterwards it
was in South Dakota represent us a
wonderful group that fights to get money
out of politics when and got a ballot
measure passed overwhelmingly in a
deeply read state I think it might've
been like three-quarters and it because
it was very logical it said no more
gifts from lobbyists in South Dakota
they some of the worst laws they just
take unbelievable gifts from lobbyists
and it had a lot of other great
anti-corruption measures in their past
in a landslide right and they came in
not only did they say no I'm repealing
because I want gifts from lobbyists but
then afterwards legislators took
pictures with their gifts from the
lobbyists to rub it in and he put it on
social media like haha you don't have a
democracy
this is my corruption and I'll rub your
face in it so this destruction of
democracy is unacceptable and what
you'll see in media is yeah they'll you
know talk about Trump's tweets and hey
you know that and some people will fight
back against Trump others will be on his
side etc but these issues that actually
affect your lives well he says this she
says if they even cover it and if they
do cover it it's a lot of well a little
bit of this and a little bit of that no
it's not no corporate power it has
bought off our government and in it's
keeping your wages low so it can
maximize profit and that's why your
wages are so goddamn low that's what's
happening TV won't tell you that because
they're also giant multi-billion dollar
corporations
GOP lawmaker Vern Buchanan from Florida
uh apparently bought a very nice yacht a
day after lawmakers passed massive tax
cuts for the wealthy
now Buchanan happens to be one of the
wealthiest members of Congress in fact
he's the eighth richest member of
Congress and has a worth of 74 million
dollars and so the tax cut passes and he
goes out and buys this gigantic yacht
now apparently he bought this yacht on
November 16th of last year from ocean
Alexander and the price of their yachts
range between 3.5 million that's the 3.5
million is that the least expensive
yacht this company sells now he has to
disclose what he spends his money on
apparently he spent somewhere between
one to five million dollars he didn't
spend 1 million dollars as I just
mentioned the cheapest yacht they have
is 3.5 million let's be fair Hannah you
could buy one for 3.25 billion either
way even if people aren't yacht for 1
million this is a lawmaker who is
supposed to represent the best interests
of the American people so what we're
showing you is a yacht with a boat in it
which I didn't know until today is
actually quite common it's a boat within
a boat and the reason why I'm bringing
that up right now is because Alexandria
kasnia Cortez who is probably the only
person who's given me any hope today
tweeted something that I absolutely love
let's go to graphic 19 she said new rule
anyone that was cool with the GOP
inventing two trillion dollars out of
thin air for freebies for people with
yachts that have tiny yachts inside
doesn't get to demand how we pay for
people who need chemotherapy treatments
thank you yes
I think that has over a hundred and
sixty thousand likes on Twitter and so
what happened before no one outside of
Young Turks viewers knew about
Alexandria Curcio Cortes she wins a
stunning election now she has a lot of
followers and it turns out people love
her message and this is the message of
all the Justice Democrats but the
problem was there was it wasn't getting
any media
the minute against media attention
people like yes yes like retweet yes I
love this right she jumped up from
almost no Twitter followers to 700,000
Twitter followers okay and and now that
you know that those we've got a
candidate who won and and it's being
taken seriously that message is on fire
so Medicare for all was already pulling
it 60 percent that's amazing that's
wonderful we lived in a democracy it
passed tomorrow right and she's pointing
out what we've been pointing out on The
Young Turks for a long long time but
what the rest of the media won't ever
cover or if they do they cover with
tremendous bias well mister sanders how
could you possibly afford medicare for
all well why didn't you ask you can
afford to training us for people with
yachts with in yachts okay how did you
afford your boat or your coat okay so
living didn't go to Vern Buchanan okay
the person that animation in the
beginning to me the most like damning
part of it was not that he bought a
yacht at worth at least three million
dollars it said it's that he bought it
on the day that they passed the tax cuts
in a house that was to I guess that was
his victory dance and and so it was just
a rub it in your face a little bit
haha I gave myself a tax cut and with
that tax cut I bought myself a yacht no
I just look if someone's wealthy right I
don't I don't hate on people simply
because they're wealthy like if you
earned your wealth good for you go out
there and buy that yacht okay do you boo
but for me it's more about what these
people represent this lie that the tax
cuts actually help the economy that the
people who are on the receiving end of
these tax cuts take it and stimulate the
economy they create the jobs they take
care of the American people they
reinvest in America but they do the
exact opposite and that's what someone
like Buchanan does he celebrates you're
right Jake
this travesty of legislation by going
out there and buying a 3.5 million
minimum dollar yacht yeah and and by the
way with a straight face
host on Fox News have said well that
stimulates the economy too for yacht
makers
literally okay now but let me give you
the reality so Buchanan
they're a Center for American Progress
estimated that he with those tax cuts
saved 2.1 million dollars okay so he
gave himself a 2.1 million dollars by
voting for the tax cuts now if you took
that same two point one or the three
point two five or whatever he spent on
the yacht and you gave it to the average
American in tax cuts for them or a you
know in the form of jobs if we created a
project for infrastructure across the
country in so many different ways right
Earned Income Tax Credit that's for the
working poor they're working so that's a
great way of doing it and what would
they spend it on they spend it on food
they spend it on rent they spent it on
clothes they spent it on books and all
of that goes back into the economy into
the companies that make all those things
and the employees behind those companies
and it actually lifts the economy up so
that's a real way of lifting the economy
up but that wouldn't help your rich
donors or if you're an incredibly rich
Republican Congressmen yourself and to
be fair people like Dianne Feinstein in
the past have voted themselves hundreds
of millions of dollars in tax cuts and
she's a Democrat yet Dianne Feinstein I
mean it's it's devastating that she
still gets an opportunity to represent
the people of California because she's
nothing more than a fraud I mean she has
pushed for and succeeded in passing
sweetheart deals for herself and her
husband
to the detriment of people living in
California who are having affordable
housing ripped away from them Dianne
Feinstein is a pathetic excuse for a
representative because she has done
nothing more than represent herself
corporate interests and her husband's
business and that's it and and then
television hosts can't figure out why
people in the country are angry and why
they might want to populist whether it's
one on the right like Trump or one on
the left like Bernie Sanders now of
course Trump's a fake populist and all
he did was give people with yachts more
yachts Bernie Sanders would actually do
the opposite and that's why they're even
more scared of people like Bernie
Sanders and Alexandria Cascio Cortez and
sad day for them now people know and one
people hear that message they love the
idea that maybe a representative
representing them instead of the rich is
possible and it is if their justice
Democrats or others who don't take
corporate PAC money
all of a sudden voila they wind up
representing use that are their donors
Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
store be Daniel's the adult actress who
is taking Donald Trump to court has been
arrested and then the charges against
her were dropped after she was
performing at a strip club in Ohio
apparently a law was broken when one of
the patrons had touched her while she
was performing there so Ohio has some
strict laws regarding adult performers
and the amount of distance they have to
keep from patrons or audience members so
in this case as a dancer she's not
supposed to allow anyone to touch her at
all but as part of her act there is some
touching going on intimate touching so
Daniels had faced three misdemeanor
counts of illegally touching a patron so
under this Ohio law that was passed in
2007 an employee who regularly appears
nude or semi-nude at a sexually oriented
business is prohibited from touching
patrons except for family members which
I thought was interesting so if there
was a family member there who had
touched her that way she wouldn't have
to worry about any type of you know laws
being broken but since she doesn't
perform in Ohio regularly she was just
there to visit and do a one-time quick
performance the the prosecutors decided
to drop the case the city attorney
dropped the case and said this is this
is not a big deal do two parts of this
story one is the the horrific crime that
was committed and the other is whether
it was a political that they went after
her so let me describe the crime because
we were a little vague there there were
three detectives in the strip club
making you wonder what they were doing
in the strip club in the first place
that'll be part of the second part of
the story and they said that they
observed that she kept motorboating the
people she was giving lap dances to
so this is where CNN picks up the story
the three detectives approach the stage
mm okay they're like wait this is a very
serious crime let's get involved
Hey so they sat there and they say they
alleged that she allegedly made her way
towards two of the detectives and shoved
each of their faces between her breasts
mmm that does seem like a very serious
crime and then force forced officers
couldn't do anything about it man they
mean she they were overpowered forced to
officer's head between her breasts and
smacked the officers face with one of
her breasts hmm okay well I mean that's
that sounds I mean it's not only
inappropriate touching yeah I might have
been an assault by breasts okay I'm
gonna ask a question and this might come
across as you know a sarcastic question
but it's actually a serious question um
isn't that what's supposed to happen at
strip clubs so different states have
different laws and different amount of
touching that is allowed and it's by the
patrons or by the dancer
okay so almost none of them allow for
touching of the genitals okay they're
right and some are nude some are semi
nude and some allow the dancers to do
the thing with the breasts and some do
not allow it right let me understand
something in the state of Ohio patrons
who decide to visit a strip club mm-hmm
are not allowed to touch the stripper
even if the dancer even if the dancer is
consenting to it and comfortable with it
and one oh no they touch as in they do
the lap dance okay you're not allowed to
use your hands okay I hear from friends
then and then she is not necessarily in
states like Ohio I was supposed to rub
her breasts on you right on the other
hand she's a lot of rubber ass on you
because that's kind of the whole point
of the lap - so lap dances still happen
yeah it's preposterous okay I the whole
thing's preposterous okay but the fact
that we're wasting taxpayer money doing
a political actual witch hunt in this
case right it is the most outrageous
part of it so was it that they were
doing a sting operation they asked that
they were just randomly happened upon
stormy Daniels well they actually asked
the police department police departments
like well I mean we done summarized
similar to this and going back to the
fall the fall the fall of last year so
oh you did
one or two arrests at some point this
was and and then so you go to the
strippers or the dancers of this
whatever they're strippers and dancers
at this club they asked them how so have
the cops been in here recently doing
this kind of thing she's like one of the
dancers like no I haven't seen a cop in
two and a half years they said like nope
they just came in for stormy Daniels
they got what stormy Daniels was
offering yes very happy about the
motorboating situation and then
pretending to be outraged and arrested
her I mean couldn't those cops just
enjoy the situation for what it was cuz
it was consensual thanks for the
mammaries and let's move on I've been
dying to tell that joke all day okay Ken
hey well done and said that was one of
the breast puns I've ever heard
Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts so
the founder and CEO of Papa John's has
stepped down from his position now this
is following a Forbes report indicating
that last May during a conference call
John Schnatter
I like a shoe matter that is how his
name should be pronounced this sucks so
much because I really liked Papa John's
Pizza I mean back in the day until I
found out who this guy is but
nonetheless he was on this conference
call and the whole point was to kind of
coach him on how not to be racist in
public because he had hurt the business
considerably by making public statements
that were offensive there was the
example of him chiming in on the whole
NFL kneeling protest and after that
happened the stock price for Papa John's
went down and so they wanted him to do
this comeback where he would be coached
he'd be a little smarter and he would
fine-tune his messaging but during the
call he said some pretty offensive
things which I'll reach you in just a
minute and that led to the company that
they hired to help him out with this
just dropping the company dropping Papa
John's and then finally after the Forbes
report he decided I'm gonna step down
I'm a disaster he didn't say that I put
that in there ok so during the call he
was asked how he would distance himself
from racist online groups and he
responded by downplaying the
significance of his NFL statement and he
said Colonel Sanders called blacks and
words and he said the actual word right
and so basically he's saying like why
don't I get to say it if Colonel Sanders
can call now and why can I say things
like that that's not really helping the
situation so I looked at the PR company
dumping their client is extraordinary
they actually had to do layoffs and lost
10% of their workforce because it was
such a big contract but they did it
because they they have a conscious
that's fascinating it gets worse
I have to read the other one before we
were an out of time he also reflected on
his early life in Indiana where he said
people used to drag African Americans
from trucks until they died he
apparently intended for the remarks to
convey his antipathy to racism but
multiple individuals on the call found
him to be offensive well he's like what
look I'm not even dragging him behind my
truck and people are still complaining
but a nice piece of karma at the end
when the stock price went down 11%
because of his comments he personally
lost seventy million dollars and isn't
that worth how's that for a strike back
on a racist comment pretty good justice
and now he's not even there anymore
you
