a federal judge last week ruled that
children in this country actually don't
have they don't have a right to learn
how to read I mean if you really drill
down on the ruling that's what it is I
think what bothered me about this about
this story was you have this judge that
had the ability to really to say that
you know there are some rights that we
need to protect right and and one of
them should be the right to get an
education the right to be able to read
and instead gives us all this flowery
language gee-whiz illiteracy is a
terrible thing illiteracy something we
got to stop but I'm not going to show
any courage and find a way to make that
happen now understand this judge did not
he could this judge could have ruled
favorably without ever going down the
path that he said he had to go down to
pick it up from there well you know they
wanted to make this as it's a more of a
moral issue not a legal issue but but
really if you think about this because
the the people who brought this were
representing children who were arguing
that we were provided a substandard
education that did not prepare us one to
pass the mandated tests for public
schools into to be productive members of
society you failed us now on the legal
side they should have argued okay first
and foremost we don't have an option to
not pay taxes for schools we pay for
that it comes out of our checks there's
number one number two you're legally
required to send your children to school
and so if I'm legally required to pay
for it legally required to send my kids
to it you should be legally required to
provide some kind of substantive
education such as learning how to read
and the judge specifically says you know
play as plaintiffs point out voting
participating meaningfully in civic life
and accessing justice requires some
measure of literacy but that doesn't
necessarily make access to literacy a
fundamental what's bothering what's
bothering me about this is they did the
judge didn't even have to go there yeah
the judge did not have to go to a
fundamental right argument he could have
mandate
look you know it's just like busing I'm
mandating that this take place because
you're failing to do your job not based
on any type of you know fact that that
we're giving they were reviewing this
from the standpoint of this being a
fundamental right there there was no
need to get there now either one or two
things happen either the either the
people who brought the case kind of
screwed the pooch in in Pelin pushed it
that way at which time the judge could
have said well you know you got another
way you can come at this or the judge
said well you know I'm gonna say all
these I mean listen to this this is the
judge plainly literacy and the
opportunity to obtain it is of
incalculable importance this is the
judge judge Murphy judge Stephen Murphy
US District Court and it goes on to say
like oh this is awful
it's awful that these kids don't have an
education but rather than me being
creative and rather than me doing
something that there's another way to
get to it he chooses well I'm gonna I'm
gonna save myself I'm gonna say that
they're asking me to determine that
education is a fundamental right didn't
have to go that far could have gotten
this another way
and in 40-page opinion is what it was 40
pages where he's trying to say I so so
yeah you're literally yeah to me it
almost is reminiscent of the the
prosecutors with the the Baker who
didn't want to make the cake for the gay
wedding that would have been a slam dunk
case if the the lawyer had been wrong
yeah and it seems like the same thing
happened here because this you you could
have gotten what you wanted out of
there's no there's all kinds of mandates
they can come up with they could have
said look here the standards you're
violating the standards I don't have to
get to the issue of whether this falls
in any kind of suspect classification I
don't have to get into fundamental
rights I can make you do this anyway so
as either the lawyers that blew it even
if they did if this judge really wanted
to accomplish some equity he could have
gotten there and I think that's what
bothers me about this it's just nonsense
it's like his opinion was written it's
because sometime I want to maybe on a
higher court and I want to make it look
like I really
he cared about this and hopefully at
that point someone's gonna say well you
know what if you cared you weren't smart
enough to accomplish it
a former judicial nominee from Donald
Trump was forced to withdraw his
nomination after it was revealed that he
was sympathetic to the KKK and that's
not even the weirdest part of this story
good god I'm in this story yeah I read
it twice and I said it was a really this
bad yeah it is
go get pick it up well Brett Talley this
was the guy we've talked about him
several times yeah he's the one who
never tried a case he was only a lawyer
for a little under three Alabama Alabama
so he gets nominated to this federal
lifetime appointment he's in his early
30s I think 30 to 30 so you know he
would have been you know on there for
probably got 50 years maybe depending
but anyway once he made it out of
committee with his nomination they
decided let's let's look at his
background maybe he's on this message
board for tide fans calm for Alabama
Crimson Tide fans where he's talking
about all kinds of racist thing
disparaging Muslims jokes about rape
talking about how he's sympathetic to
Nathan Bedford the first Grand Wizard of
the KKK and how you know they were
actually doing some good things trying
to say the KKK is they're getting a bad
rap you go back and look at the KKK
they've done a you know they've done
some great things besides hanging
mutilating in torturing minorities
they've done some really good things you
know what amazed me this guy's never
tried a case in his life has never even
been it never been he been to trial he
graduates from Harvard well we know how
that happens Harvard operates they know
somebody yeah he's not it's not the
disguise of genius I can promise you
this guy is not a genius although he is
a he's a prolific conservative writer
here I hate writes constantly I mean you
can any day you could you could have
gone and found out something that this
character wrote but here's the real ugly
thing
he's with the Department of Justice
nouns making decisions his role in the
Department of Justice is who should be
the next judge he's taking a look at
judges determining who should
be the next judge this guy's never been
to trial we've got this as you pointed
out this background of writing about
statutory rape as if it's no big deal
the Grand Wizard the right you know no
right to abortion disparaging Muslims
gone and on this is guys now with the
Department of Justice well you know what
I'm actually gonna go out on a limb here
this may shock some people I don't fault
Trump for this guy at all Trump is not
picked a single one of his judicial
nominees people need to understand that
easily he sucks at everything but he's
not the one who's picking these this is
as you said it's coming from the
Federalist Society Mitch McConnell is
feeding these the US chamber and this is
all documented they're giving him the
names and he doesn't know any better
she's okay yeah sure Brett Talley there
you go roll talk about the judiciary is
in an abyss right now and it's not it's
not just Trump it's the people advising
Trump on this
