we have updates on the disappearance of
Jamaal khashoggi now it has not been
confirmed whether or not he has been
murdered but it does appear that the
Saudis are getting ready to claim some
responsibility for it not necessarily
the Royals but they're going to push out
some narrative indicating that it was an
interrogation that had gone wrong and
that the Royals had nothing to do with
it which is ridiculous when we give you
all the different updates that we've
learned through the last 24 hours
now first CNN shared some of the
surveillance footage showing a
gemologist shogi going into the
consulate and I want you to take a quick
look at that and then I'm gonna give you
some of trumps reactions and how he has
already started this narrative of
defending the Saudis Saudi Arabia
insists it is not responsible for cashew
cheese disappearance this security
footage shows the Washington Post
columnist entering the Saudi consulate
nearly two weeks ago
the Turkish government says it has audio
evidence that proves he was murdered
inside the Saudis have yet to provide
any evidence that shows keshavjee
leaving the building
so CNN is absolutely right there the
Saudis keep saying like what no no he
left the consulate we had nothing to do
with this we don't know what's going on
but they haven't provided any evidence
at the same time people who Saudi
officials who showed up on those
chartered flights are now being
identified and many of them are being
identified as individuals who have very
close ties to the Saudi royals and not
only did the Turkish authorities
identify them but the New York Times
went out of its way to also
independently verify them as well and
we're gonna give you the details on that
but before we get to all those details
Trump also had an interview with Fox
Business and during that interview he
basically made it clear that he has a
very cozy relationship with the Saudis
and so he doesn't know what happened and
we shouldn't be so quick to judge the
Saudis let's take a look at the first
clip you did man
some of these these deals there's some
arms deals at stake right now in Saudi
Arabia they're having a big big it's
called the Davos of the desert
conference and given the news out of
yeah that part of the world with the
Washington Post columnist going into the
embassy and and never coming out are you
still gonna send a delegation you still
gonna center she said we have right now
is Mike Pompeo is terrific who's done a
great job Secretary of State is with the
king right now and the crown prince
literally as we speak and we're trying
to find out what went on and a lot will
be determined he hasn't gotten back to
me he's going to probably over the next
couple of hours sometime prior to your
show okay but he will be getting back to
me and you'll start hearing what is
happening turkeys looking at it very
strongly we're all looking at it
together but Turkey and Saudi Arabia
looking at it very strongly and it
depends whether or not the king or the
crown prince knew about it in my opinion
mm-hmm number one what happened but
whether or not they knew about it if
they knew about it that would be bad so
that one statement if they knew about it
that would be bad was probably the
strongest statement the Trump had in
response to the Saudis the rest of the
interview he essentially talked about
how important Saudi Arabia is as our
ally and we'll get to those clips in a
minute but he did mention Mike Pompeo
and how he had gone to Saudi Arabia to
talk to officials there about what had
happened and in all of the images that
we've seen in all of the footage that
we've seen of his meetings he seemed to
be very friendly to them which is fine
because maybe behind the scenes there's
some tough talk happening but in his
public statements it makes it clear that
Pompeo Secretary of State has not been
tough on the Saudis in fact let me give
you one of his statements this is
graphic four he says I could go on about
the places that the Saudis and the US
are working together the US needs to
make sure that we're mindful of that
also on the same day that Mike Pompeo
went to Saudi Arabia the United States
received one hundred million dollars
from Saudi Arabia and this money is
supposedly meant to
vince us to stabilize Syria portions of
Syria that Isis previously took control
of alright so lots to get to here first
of all on the hundred million dollars
that that they just sent us first the
Trump administration says Oh heaven
forfend those things are not at all
connected oh come on come on come on
come on come on they owed us this money
for a long time or we asked them for
that money for a long time
they haven't give it to us just as Mike
Pompeo was talking to that it's the most
obvious thing in the world but please
please don't insult our intelligence
although that's what they do on a daily
basis so and and I before that news even
came out I had tweeted earlier in the
day about how look we all know what
happened now it's it's very very clear
the only question is what secret deals
are the governments of us Saturday
Arabia and Turkey going to strike what's
turkey gonna get what's America gonna
get and then how are they gonna cover it
up publicly afterwards cuz that's what's
happening right now they're negotiating
right and turkeys like we caught you
you're embarrassed and you know they got
a beef with Saudi Arabia they want
something and by the way the Turks gave
us a pastor Brunson back also
coincidentally at the same time and they
say well that one is also not at all
connected
the Turkish government says no the
Turkish judiciary is independent they
happen to release him at the same exact
time that were your meeting with Mike
Pompeo then Pompeo goes over and to
Saturday B and they released 100 million
dollars the same there's a lot of
coincidences going around here look if
so I know a lot of the mainstream media
can't say it's obvious they can just lay
out the facts for you and hope you
connect the dots it's our job to connect
the dots and I can say it's obvious
they're negotiating behind the scenes
everybody's gonna get paid except you
guys obviously then they will all come
out with a united front on how to lie to
you and so the mate looks like they're
settled on the lie of well okay it's
inconvenient cuz khashoggi is gone is
he's dismembered and he's all look so we
can't bring him back so the Saudis are
gonna stop likely according to the
sources stop lying that he was not
killed but say oops golly gee it was a
rogue team and that's why Trump has
already said it might have been rogue
killers
and as long as the crown prince and the
and the king didn't know about it so
super easy the Crown Prince the King
come out and go well God we are shocked
to find out that there are murders going
on in Saudi Arabia well this was
obviously not authorized
so was it not authorized so I'm just
gonna give you there's a million facts
showing you but let me just give you two
of them that I think are dispositive
they had a bonesaw with them mm-hmm they
sent a 15-person team with a bone saw
they say this is an interrogation that
went awry why'd you bring the bone saw
if you were just going to question them
number two they brought a forensic
doctor from Saturday every one of the
top doctors in the country in that field
connected to the Saudi government that
specialty is autopsies autopsies and
dissection and dissection yes okay gee I
wonder if it was an accident or they
plan that ahead of time it's not like
they're in a different country they're
in Turkey it's not like oh the guy's
dead hey you wanna bring the autopsy guy
in in the bone so high and well they
brought the autopsy guy and the
dissection guy in the bone saw with them
that's not a rogue operation and now the
New York Times has bothered to go
connect many of the people that were in
that 15 group of 15 to very closely to
the Saudi government but to which I say
of course of course they're gonna you
think that that operation gets
authorized by the Secretary of the tree
the Secretary of Transportation no the
crown prince authorizes that kind of
insane a really risky operation in a
different country this of course so we
have more clips from Trump that we'll
get to in just a second and then I want
to give you the details about those
Saudi officials who did go to the
consulate and have been identified but
this if things play out the way that
we're predicting they're gonna play out
where you have three major countries
striking some sort of deal to brush this
under the rug this sets in extremely
dangerous precedent right this signals
to everyone that if you have the
audacity to criticize the US government
well maybe not the US government for now
but if you have the audacity
to criticize an ally of the US
government and that government somehow
retaliates against you and possibly
murders you well arms deals financial
connections you know foreign policy
deals whatever it is those will you know
serve as the reasons for why our
government won't do anything to protect
you or prevent it from happening in the
future right and let's keep it real
there are only three countries that
matter okay in terms of our allies you
could do anything you want to Mexicans
in Mexico is a huge ally of ours nobody
cares in the Trump administration you
know anything you like to people in
Canada okay but if so or if they do
something wrong we will call them out no
question I mean Trump loves insulting
Mexico anyway but in the case of Saudi
Arabia whoa there's a lot of money there
Israel out of the question
you can Israel can do anything they like
they will never be criticized
okay certainly not by the Trump
administration and number three is
Russia I mean you know what Russia
Trump said about when Russia murdered
someone in the UK Trump said well it's
not our country that's the United
Kingdom it's our top Ally I don't care
about the Ally as long as my other ally
Russia and that's not that it's the US
ally it's just Trump's Ally is killing
them or Trump's allies saturated someone
he doesn't care doesn't care at all and
why why is it that he doesn't care it
always goes back to the money in fact he
was very transparent about that while he
was being interviewed on Fox Business
take a look I do not want to do that and
frankly they have a tremendous order 110
billion dollars every country in the
world wanted a piece of that order we
got all of it and what are we gonna do
so yeah I mean I've had some senators
come up and some congressmen they said
well you know sir I think what we should
do is we should not take that order I
said cool we hurting it's 500,000 jobs
it'll be ultimately a hundred and ten
billion dollars the biggest order in the
history of our country from an outside
military and I said we're gonna turn
that down why would we do that so
hopefully it's working out
we'll find out we'll get down to the
bottom of it I hope that
the king and the Crown Prince didn't
know about it so he sent it up again I
hope they didn't know about it wink they
already know that that's gonna be the
excuse and but you know their money
money money money money money money
that's all I care about
I mean isn't that sick if you're a good
Christian I mean did you ever read the
Sermon on the Mount did you ever read
about Jesus throwing out the money
changers this guy's obsessed with money
that's the only thing he cares about
oh you dismembered someone yeah but how
much money did you give me we think
about how sick that thought is it's
extremely sick and and remember when he
frames things in the context of oh the
the Saudis are important because this
weapons deal helps with jobs here in the
United States Trump is not thinking
about those things he's not thinking
about you he's not thinking about
providing jobs it's all about wins for
himself and financial deals for himself
and every once in a while he slips up
and doesn't say for the country or for
the citizens
he says straight up for me and here's an
example of that
so Saudi Arabia and they have I can only
say I've been here for almost two years
they've been a great ally to me yeah to
me they're investing tremendous amounts
of money
to me he said it twice I just
accidentally honest because he doesn't
know any better that that's why I say
he's so unintelligent cuz a more savvy
person would be better at lying right so
he's got a pathological need to lie and
he does on every issue including on the
jobs just know hundreds of thousands of
jobs being created by that contract
that's a total fabrication as usual but
but other times like when he said Oh
why'd you fire coaming because he was
investigating me you're not supposed to
say that you schmuck yeah he can't help
himself and here in Saudi Arabia of
Kotor they're good to me so let's talk
about why they're good to him so and
about the money during the campaign I'm
sorry in January of this year
trumpet said I would want to protect
Saudi Arabia he said but Saudi Arabia is
going to have to help us economically
okay so that's about you know the
country and
and here that's he struck that exact
deal you give me a hundred million
dollars for Syria and I give you
whatever excuse you want and you could
murder any journalist you like okay
and so that's brazen and then of course
there's the issue of his own personal
enrichment and there he registered eight
companies in Saudi Arabia during his
campaign that's pretty nice
the Saudis then after he won transferred
all their hotel rooms from other hotels
the Trump properties so that you might
say oh well that's you know is that
really a material number two hundred and
seventy thousand dollars the Saudis like
to use some hotels that's just a little
hasty taste though yes just a little
tasty taste of the type of financial
relationship or financial ties Trump has
had with the Saudis in fact some of his
ties go back to 2001 in June of 2001
when he sold the 44th floor of the Trump
World Tower to the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia for 4.5 million dollars there's
also a more recent example where he
specifically said of the Saudis at a
2015 campaign rally in Mobile Alabama
they buy apartments for me they spent
forty million dollars 50 million am I
supposed to dislike them I like them
very much that's in 20s he's running for
president in 2015 he said at the same
time he's saying we gotta ban all
Muslims right until we figure out what
the hell is going on but apparently with
the Saudis he figured out what the hell
was going on they greased them they give
him a lot of money so he's like oh the
Saudis I got that figured out they gave
me forty to fifty million dollars what
am I supposed to not like them I like
them well yeah okay you like them but
then how about when they killed a
journalist and and then dismembered of
dismembered of what were you scared
about with the Muslims you were scared
about like crazy fundamentalist the
Saudi government doing crazy things like
torturing murdering and dismembering
people the Saudis yeah but they gave me
a lot of money remember how good they
treated me so I don't care I like them
so now Trump is going around the country
lying on behalf of the Saudis and he's
gonna lie even more and they're all
gonna cover it up and they're gonna
pretend that that somehow
bond bone saw and the autopsy doctor
accidentally wound up on the flight and
all the guys that are right next to
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman on all
these different trips that are part of
his top security personnel golly-gee was
unauthorized that is the lie that Donald
Trump is saying now and will
definitively say very soon and you'll
see it with your own eyes Hey look
that's why if this I loved savings ahead
of time if you're a maggot guy right now
and you're going no way
I bet Donald Trump stands up to those
Muslims but he's your baby he fights
back and close about for what it is he's
really trying to figure out what the
hell is going on no Donald Trump selling
out for money he would never do that
he's okay go ahead let's see how it
turns out like what you see click this
subscribe button below and don't forget
to ring the bell to never miss another
video from the Young Turks
