Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
House Republicans grilled FBI agent
Peter struck yesterday for about ten
hours Thursday of course you know struck
was reassigned from Muller's
investigating team after text messages
anti-trump text messages he sent came to
light but I want to take a look at what
happened when Republican Congressman
Paul Gosar pointed to his ESP like
intuition during an exchange with struck
this morning I watched I by the way I'm
a dentist okay so I read body language
very very well and I watched you a
comment and actions with mr. gowdy you
got very angry in regards to the gold
star father that shows me that it's a
Nate Lee a part of you and a bias sorry
I disagree I don't know if you're saying
this is Clarence is like being at the
dentist if that's what you're suggesting
I would tell you sir my response what
you see in my response is a genuine
passion for the United States of America
I don't know that there's been a funnier
line that my expertise as a dentist
leads me to be an expert on body
language what yeah I don't even know how
to make sense of that yeah yeah he
thinks it's the dentist and I think it's
just that people don't like him yeah I
like the flip are you saying it's like
being at the dentist right he was he was
so wonderfully salty and also aggressive
throughout the entire oh you mean struck
well yeah the best possible way cruelty
is good in in the proper context this
was the proper context he was fighting
back a laugh oh yeah the whole time I
was a good at the same thing what's this
reaction is if someone says I'm a
dentist so I can read body language yeah
yeah I don't know what that means yeah
and then by the way then he was like you
got mad that's not even body language
right right you know I mean it just did
nothing there was it was wrong from the
start but but nothing about it's so
great that I'm a dentist and I can read
body well to be fair I'm a talk shows
I can read mine that works I would go
with it no I'm uh I got a good one I got
a better one I'm a cable television host
so I can read a teleprompter and I can
tell ya speaking of not making sense a
lot of people are I guess you could say
confused by this bit ghost or had to say
on American government because it gets
better we are not a democracy we are a
constitutional republic that is why we
have two ways both from a democracy
voting and then from the where we have
the Electoral College so make sure that
we time of the gentleman has expired so
I'd like to grilling on this topic with
the people and the votes where each
state has a thing and then they put it
together
but first let's keep me in front of them
but if you notice he's like we're not a
democracy we're a constitutional
Republican that's why we have the voting
in a democracy I feel like that's like
his mind finally got to the point where
he realized the argument that I'm about
to make is really stupid so I think and
he lost his train of thought right I
don't think it's because he doesn't know
how government works
he realized oh my god I'm in the middle
of saying something incredibly stupid
how am I gonna get out of it no no
that's the serious shouldn't take it
back right no I think it's actually a
little bit simpler than that so this is
a comic that I see online all the time
from right-wingers it's off right
wingers yeah and it's a fairly new
talking point yeah years anyway a couple
years in it's because they're
authoritarian by nature and they hate
democracy and they don't want democracy
so a way that they have gotten a way to
frame that is we're a Republican it's
true we are a republic but it's fair to
say we're a democracy we have votes
I wish we were better democracy I wish
it wasn't corrupted by the money in
politics and the donors etc so now they
don't want to say hey I'm against you
voting i I just want an authoritarian
leader like Trump so they use the excuse
of well actually you're ignorant Julie
we're a constitutional republic but it's
just a talking point there's nothing
underneath it that's why when he goes to
explain it he knows the talking point
I'm supposed to hate democracy so I say
we're cut you know we're technically a
constitutional Republican not a
democracy but he since it's an empty
talking point he doesn't know what to
say after that because he's just a
dentist with me and speak again I could
read his body language there he was dumb
he couldn't figure out what to say you
know we are a not a direct democracy and
that's what they've relied on to say
that we're not democracy we don't accept
in California vote on laws right I don't
believe there is a direct democracy in
the country where every law passed they
just put it out and though to have the
citizens vote on that mm-hmm right
because that's a crazy form of
government we do by the way one of the
definitions Washington Post wrote a big
piece on this common definition of
democracy is government by the people
exercised either directly or through
elected representatives that that's
that's what we have and think about why
you're even saying yeah right what's the
point of drawing the distinction we are
also a constitutional republic right so
but why put those things at odds but
they're not at odds they're actually
both that our form of government
it's like saying wait a minute we're not
a democracy we have a constitution no we
have a constitution and we're a
democracy that in in the Constitution it
says we should vote on our
representatives to represent us and pass
laws why are you even saying it because
the right wing state of mind is against
democracy so weird thing to get on your
high horse about man I don't want
democracy my my pins tweet since the day
after the election was you know I don't
know why people criticize the electoral
college it's in the century it's it's
it's only been wrong forty percent of
the time right you know and so the
number of responses I get to that or are
you idiot we don't even have a democracy
we have a constitutional republic so
it's part of you know it's helpful in
the argument of why we shouldn't do away
with the electoral college right they
love that because small states all these
things that totally aren't true
it was an effort to mostly to protect
slave states but it's useful in an
argument where it ends up hurting them
because of course we know that for the
Lasser wood you know six of the last
seven elections have been won the party
receiving the most votes has been the
Democrats it's absolutely ridiculous in
this moment I mean I'm said this is what
I used to say to people when I first
started in this business when I would
delete comments on my Facebook page that
I didn't like this is not a democracy
it's my Facebook page it just seems like
and yeah and so last thing in this case
are you proud of it if you're one of
those right-wingers who says that we
don't live in a democracy you say hey
look we're in a constitutional republic
we have the electoral college and and so
that's why the popular vote doesn't
determine who's our winner in in in the
presidency is that a thing that you're
happy about but whoever has more votes
should not win well but that's like a
point of pride for you yeah but the
thing about how weird that is like you
think like that and only because it
happened to be Republicans if it was
Democrats who got three million votes
less than Republican right and they were
president anyway oh my god we've changed
it too easy wasteful young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
