we're currently in the middle of a
multi-year fight over what sort of
candidates that the Democratic Party
should be running and what sort of
presidential candidate could actually
win in 2020 against Donald Trump and now
we can add to that fight a little bit of
new data coming out of a survey done by
YouGov they asked a number of Americans
the question do you want a candidate
that is more like Bernie Sanders or less
like Bernie Sanders and here are the
numbers 57% of Democratic respondents
said more like Bernie Sanders only 16%
said less than 27% weren't sure wait
until they get a load of him and once
they see him actually being covered by
the media so those are pretty
overwhelming numbers and I don't think
if you had polled most in the media
certainly not in the Democratic
leadership they would have guessed the
level of support for candidates more
like Bernie right yeah 16 percent where
it's all super-delegates by the way so
yeah look I if you see the number 57
percent that's already a great great
number but I'm afraid that and this
hasn't happening yet to be fair I'm
afraid that some people report it just
as 57 leading you to think there's 43 on
the other side there isn't the only 16
percent said no I don't want Democratic
candidates to be like Bernie Sanders
that is a very very low number so this
is excellent news and then on top of
that they continued by saying only and
in this is Newsweek I'm quoting only 13%
of Republicans said they wanted
candidates to be more like Bernie
Sanders what do you mean only 13% of
republics you know how the establishment
Democrats always say no no we got to be
more right-wing we got to be more
corporate to get Republican voters to
vote for us if we got 13 percent of
Republican voters to vote for us we do
in every election what do you think in
the meeting this morning woody how many
Republican voters do you think would
respond affirmatively to we would like
more Democratic candidates to be like
Hillary Clinton negative yeah seriously
it and unless unless they interpret it
as yeah all of them because we'll never
never look
right and I say seriously so some wise
guys okay just just to be clear the
question isn't that do you want the
Democratic candidates to be more like
Bernie Sanders's do you want the person
running for Congress to be more like yes
Bernie Sanders which means that a lot of
Republicans want their candidate to be
more like Bernie Sanders so when the
Democratic Party is out there shooting
down candidates that are like Bernie
Sanders in congressional races in Texas
and all around the country they're
shooting themselves in the foot which is
what we suspected for a long time now
can i muddy the waters a little bit with
the unfortunate part of the data which
of course we can interpret I have some
theories of my own based on my time in
poli-sci independence were split 27%
said more like Sanders while 35% said
less and 38% said not sure so that is a
lot of not sure higher than in the other
two categories but that's not the
numbers exactly you'd want to see mm-hmm
yeah I would have thought that the
independent numbers would be stronger to
be honest my argument we we I was gonna
say I think in the meeting I said we
mythologize independent voters but I
don't think I think that the media and
America generally fetishizes
independence and has ideas about it that
are not actually borne out in the data
this idea that a lot of people just you
know I go one way on one issue I go
another another I just think about it I
just come up with it I'm not dogmatic
about the part yeah that is not how
value systems work and that's not how
ideologies work generally although not
universally and this is not about is not
about partying identification
necessarily this is about people who
like you haven't really got into it it's
less a lower level of political
information a lower level of political
sophistication so they don't have an
attachment to either party necessarily
and to add to that there's been research
that shows that independent voters are
very rarely that genuinely independent
person desolate there's a lean and
wondrous or another can lean Democrat so
so they're really not and then the rest
just don't know anything you know but
but at the same time guys independents
do matter okay both Morrison and so now
the kind of information to this which
actually drives with what John is saying
is Bernie Sanders had far better with
independence than Hillary Clinton did
in 2016 that was borne out by all the
polling yeah okay and I would say scream
about it every day on the air so number
one we should be consistent and we
thought independents were important then
they're so important dependents who
voted in the Democratic primary yeah no
no but also the poll voted in the
general election okay right appendix who
vote right they'll enter now so what is
the difference between those
independents back then a couple of years
ago and the polling today independents
are low information that they don't they
get less information generally than the
partisans of Republicans or Democrats
right back then Bernie was in the news
more and he was giving the speeches etc
and you might have seen some of the
particulars and thought oh I can have
health care too or my kids could go to
college too maybe I kind of like that
and is polling among independents were
way better what has happened in the last
two years you don't see Bernie's
features anymore all you see is a
Republican smears the socialist
socialist by the way aided and abetted
by the mainstream who non-stop talks
about his socialism if you go online
anywhere including at the comments
section of this video you will have
right-wing trolls saying oh they just
want everything for nothing right and if
it low information voters here's that
for the moment being and he thinks oh
well I don't want to give away
everything for nothing right so but but
that's why you have elections and we'll
have a primary that'll probably last two
years and then you will have plenty of
information and and by the way if they
if some other candidates doing better
with independence and has a better
chance of winning we will report that
honestly as we did last time in last
time it was Bernie who had a better
chance and we were right and right now
the Democratic voters love Bernie
Sanders that means he has an excellent
chance of winning the primaries and he
would have even peel off Republicans and
we'll see what happens with independence
you know I just mean like first of all
well yes the Democratic Party has
directed resources and winking a lot of
winking to more establishment candidates
than progressives and congressional
races throughout the country that said
at the national level every significant
REMIC rat who's running for president
has almost fully embraced every word
Bernie Sanders says they may not mean it
and people may not trust them
but they have grout so so there are
there are two different tax happening at
the same time yeah look guys it's true
so really faster so let's say also
there's a little bit of self selection
going on here because if you are you
voted for the Democrats before you voted
for the Republicans I mean you weren't
necessarily saying that you have paid
attention to politics you've gotten
engaged to politics and independent in
lumps together multiple types of people
so there are some people who pay
attention to politics constantly but
don't support either of the parties I
would consider those more true
independents but the same but a
different sort of person who has never
paid attention to politics doesn't care
about politics but does not thus
associate with either the democratic or
the pro kleh can party would be
classified as an independent both of
those types of people and I would say
one group is probably much larger than
the other so it's really using one term
to apply it to two totally different
categories yeah and last thing is look
when the election season begins this
time around we get to make our case
because now you've got Alexandria
crosshair Cortez that everybody's paying
attention to yeah I was just on CNN
it'll appear it was taped you'll see it
on Sunday and now CNN is asking us hey
what are progressives thinking waha how
did they have the success that we missed
that is a change of conversation that is
very significant so one example from
yesterday Alexandria sends out a tweet
saying while the Republicans spent two
trillion dollars out of invented it out
of nowhere to give it to people with us
within Yass and she had a picture of a
yacht going inside another gigantic
yacht they're saying that you can't
treat your mom who has chemo see now
that that message has oxygen they are
screwed yeah when we are all over
television all over all the media saying
we're not giving away things for nothing
Medicare for all saves up to this is a
shocking number seventeen trillion
dollars it saves money and it gives
everybody insurance oh that's imposed
well you what Chris it's not impossible
you take out the middleman you take out
the insurance companies that is in giant
waste of money the way they are trying
to maximize profit for themselves
the marketing and everything else that
goes into it how do we know other other
developed countries have already done it
and they already had better results and
they spend less when that message hits
the American people which by the way it
already has medicare-for-all already
incredibly popular at 60% it could go to
70 and it could go beyond that we're
gonna win we're gonna crush them this is
why when people say to me for example oh
you can't go into South Carolina or
McComb County Michigan and talk about a
medicare-for-all and I'm co-authoring
the book on medicare-for-all now I'd say
I'll make that case all day long average
family of four according to actuaries
pays more than $11,000 a year for their
medical expenses Medicare for all
estimate about 5,000 I'll go any town in
this country and say you want to save
$6,000 here I'll make that case all day
hey you know what's happening right now
Brent welder James Thompson they're both
winning in the middle of Kansas just
running on Medicare for all you know
what there's that people in Kansas want
to save money and have health care
better o'rourke in Texas his number-one
issue Medicare for all in Texas why cuz
when you tell people you could actually
have insurance and and as a society we
could save trillions of dollars they're
like where's the question and the other
side says yeah but on the other hand how
about those poor insurance companies
okay good luck with that message brother
no I got it that's that's the truth
but the fact is the message is you can't
afford it you'll bankrupt the country
and nobody will have health care and
then we put our tweets of yachts with
Enya saying oh you afforded two trillion
dollars for the rich hey guys in Texas
guys in Kansas did you get a yacht with
a yacht no you didn't did you and the
top 1% got on average at 61 thousand
dollar tax break 61 thousand dollars a
year you didn't get that and they say no
I can't afford insurance for your kids I
can't afford education for your kids
because I spent it all on yachts with in
yachts that's good come and get it come
and get it two easy ways to follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
