today Donald Trump had a press
conference in the UK but even before
that he gave an advance interview with
the son or maybe he didn't he doesn't
think that he did but they posted the
audio so it seems like he did it's it
gets complicated once he get into the
weeds there he talked about a lot of
things but I think the most interesting
part of it perhaps is his discussion of
European culture he's a cultural critic
he doesn't think that what's happening
recently is good for Europe he said a
lot but here's a few parts allowing the
immigration to take place in Europe is a
shame I think it changed the fabric of
Europe and unless you act very quickly
it's never going to be what it was and I
don't mean that in a positive way we got
that I think that's exactly you didn't
need to say that we know I think you
were losing your culture look around you
go through certain areas that didn't
exist 10 or 15 years ago I don't think
he's gone through those areas but he
goes on to say I think it was as been
very bad for Europe I think what has
happened is very tough it's a very tough
situation you see the same terror
attacks that I do I just think it's
changing the culture I think it is a
very negative thing for Europe I know it
is politically not necessarily correct
to say that but I will say it and I will
say it loud yeah and can I just briefly
moment don't think that off so the
expression is politically correct it's
not about whether it's correct or not
that's just an expression so when you
say politically not necessarily correct
you're not saying anything that doesn't
mean anything well but you are making it
clear that you're a white nationalism
racist proto-fascist who deserves to be
hustled out of that White House as
quickly as we can get him out of there
yeah that's just I'm tossing that out
yeah I think responsible yeah I mean you
know the Nazi comparisons are generally
weak and and and and and foolish and
undermine an argument but that is
precisely the language that the National
Socialists used in Germany in the 1930s
about Jews and now they use a note about
Muslims yeah all right so and and
probably Jews too in a pinch
yeah so the right wing will say well are
you saying because they'll over
generalize and it's and and no
do a strawman argument oh so we can't
criticize anybody's culture no nobody's
saying that and if they are if some
small number of people are saying that
we don't agree with them so if Donald
Trump was specific hey there's a part of
a culture that I think is problematic
and I don't think we should adopt that
part of that culture there would be
great agreement and it's I've used this
example a thousand times in some Central
Asian countries they still do kidnapping
and women and then sexual assault and
then they marry them okay so that is
because of the nomadic culture that
arose in Central Asia back in the day
that part of the culture is wrong and
you are allowed to criticize it now
there are other parts of Central Asian
culture that are fantastic
each culture including Western culture
has wonderful parts and terrible parts
so if you were to have an intelligent
conversation around culture that would
be great that would be wonderful that's
a conversation the country should have
it's a challenging one sometimes and you
need a little bit of courage to engage
in that conversation but when you say
the immigrant culture is bad what does
that mean every immigrant and every
immigrant and every part of their
culture see that's why it's racist like
you think we throw that word around no
if this isn't white nationalism what is
when you say everything is wrong about
the immigrant culture how could that
possibly be true no you're not worried
about the culture then you're making a
comment about who they are personhood
you're also saying everything is great
about the your white European culture I
mean that's that's the flipside of is
our great white European culture well
you know we have some pretty barbaric
history in the white European culture
too including today in the United States
now they're so blind to that I one of
the things that I was most amused by is
when the right wing grabs something I
said made headlines all over the the
right wing websites now like chanc huger
outrageously says that the Holocaust was
committed by Christians but that's who
was the Muslims and it wasn't the
Buddhist so-and-so but they're so
blinded because they think no true
Scotsman would do that no true Christian
well because Christians are great and by
definition they must not have done the
Holocaust even though
it was Christians who did it not
necessarily because they were Christians
but then that gets the point we're
making some Muslims do it terrorist
attacks but not necessarily because
they're Muslim or they certainly don't
represent all Muslims so when you say oh
no the Nazis don't represent all
Christians of course not right but the
terrorists don't represent all Muslims
and the fact that you can't even see
that is what's wrong with with this
level of thinking yes and to the
barbarism that that I love the idea of
him going to this country and saying as
a white person you all are barbaric for
coming in here when you go back a year
or two and we're bombing their countries
we're devastating them economically you
know go back ten years go back 20 50 100
200 throughout that entire span we come
in we steal their resources we disrupt
their society we overthrow their
governments if they ever get a shred of
democracy and every possible opportunity
we kill them you took and then we say
now you all are barbaric for coming to
us largely to escape the chaos that we
were instrumental in cause we took 3,000
children took them away from their
families and haven't made no effort to
reunite it and we did it to one prove a
point to discourage other people from
coming and to to win an election in
November to fire up a vase and get them
excited and that's not pretty barbaric
that sounds a little barbaric it's just
there they are dressing up Trump is the
modern-day 21st century version of the
white Citizens Council they put on a tie
and they take off the mask
yeah and so look guys hood so a wrap
around NASA the whole I thank you yeah
again they're so blinded like look
Western culture has wonderful parts my
family moved from Turkey I mean that's
it kind of in the middle of the world
but if you want to call the east we move
from there to to America because we love
America there's so many great parts of
American culture by the way one of which
is that it accepts all other cultures
right and we and we've we have a boiling
pot and we have great contributions from
Italians Irish Jews
yes Muslims yes blacks yes Latinos
that's part of what was inviting about
America and democracy and all those
things but this though is the West
infallible does it have terrible
parts of this culture if you can't see
that it does there's something weird
about you if we had slavery that was
pretty bad what the Holocaust happened
in the West it didn't happen in the East
it happened to the West now that doesn't
mean everybody in the West is guilty
doesn't mean all white people are all
Christians or bad people but that is
also part of our heritage in our culture
and that is something we should root out
and so we have to be open to all
cultures but that doesn't mean we have
to accept every part of each culture but
when you say I'm against
multiculturalism
that that means you're saying I'm only
for one culture I'm not for your other
cultures good or bad and what's the one
culture you're in favor of it's obvious
the white culture that's why when when
Richard says you're white nationalist
that's exactly what you are you know
what and then when guys like ben shapiro
speak up and say that is their you know
and they would have heard your point and
be like hey man you know once again
here's jancuga equating all cultures it
is it so wrong to acknowledge that some
cultures are better and we're more
comfortable with in other cultures right
I suppose sure everybody's more
comfortable with a certain culture but
that would also hold then that because
you don't want to be infected with other
cultures they don't want to be infected
with us which should make us think about
our foreign policy yeah look Trump is
just brazen about it it used to be a dog
whistle and it ain't a dog whistle
anymore we can all hear it when he says
they're coming in here with our cult
their culture and changing ours and
making our culture worse that that's
some 1930s talk and and it is not subtle
it's not intellectual it's not an
attempt to tweak and protect the ideals
and the traditions of democracy he
doesn't even believe in rule of law it
is an attack on other races so you have
to call it what it is yes those comments
are deeply racist two easy ways for
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
