rusha if you're listening I hope you're
able to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing I think you will probably be
rewarded well this video aged as well as
Steve Bannon didn't it this was Donald
Trump back in 2016 saying Russia come
hack us well as it turns out white
supremacists I'm not the only ones
emboldened by Donnie's words as a
federal grand jury is inviting 12
Russian intelligence officials for their
hacking campaign during the 2016
election the bombshell dropped today
just as Trump was sipping on tea with
the Queen around the same time a giant
Trump baby blip was circling the UK oke
not find that funny Mills indictment
alleges at 12 Russian defendants all
Russian intelligence officers engaged in
sustained effort to hack into the
computer networks of the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee the DNC
in the presidential campaign of Hillary
Clinton now I'm no expert nor am ia
Hillary supporter but when partnered
with the fight the Trump's former
campaign manager is in jail doesn't
sound like no collusion no collusion no
collusion as Trump would let on but here
I could be wrong I also thought Scottish
people could get time which I was
clearly wrong so who knows but more
importantly what this news highlights is
yet another example of Trump Putin Putin
first Rosenstein said that Trump was
told about the indictments against 12
Russian military intelligence officers
early this week yet Trump continued to
tweet that the Mueller probe is a witch
hunt doing everything imaginable to
avoid ignoring that in fact Russia
interfered in our election so even if
this has nothing to do with him or his
campaign as the president of the United
States you would expect him to show some
concern about a foreign agent
infiltrating our elections but then
again he won so why would he democracy
means nothing to him because if it did
he would condemn Russia's actions and
look at appropriate ways to address the
fact that his nation's democracy was
compromised now it's worth noting that
because the Russian officials remain in
Russia it is highly unlikely they will
ever be prosecuted in the United States
nevertheless the u.s. action follows a
practice of so-called naming and shaming
of foreign government operatives
implicated in actions against the US but
here's my question how much are they
really being shamed when the president
is willing to sit by and basically laugh
at it
minimizing Russia's decision to
undermine the greatest country in the
world has nothing more than Putin liked
him more than Hillary what a patriot
right
