obviously the timing of these new
indictments is interesting for us for
the media but also especially for Donald
Trump because he's got a high-profile
summit coming up very soon with Vladimir
Putin I think it's actually in Helsinki
on Monday he's gonna be having the
summit it's already previously been
planned but it is still expected to go
forward now it might seem like perhaps
this information was being released in
these indictments were being timed to
affect that rod Rosen Stein said that's
not the case he says the timing of the
indictments release is a function of the
collection of the facts the evidence and
the law and a determination that it was
sufficient to present the indictment at
this time which I guess could be true
but it certainly is in the is in the air
as this summit is coming up we have to
actually I don't think it's terribly
important but if to take that it I would
say at face value because they've had
any number of opportunities to drop
balls at more damaging times
particularly the before the election
later and and so I just imagine that
they just proceed rather to oblivion
extent that they although now they did
also suggest that there'll be no report
coming until after the midterms no these
conspiracy theories look I get it you
you say hey look the timing sounds
suspicious
how's this if you really want an
embarrassed on the Trump you wouldn't
tell him any of this remember he got
this information couple of days before
the public did right and you would let
him go and fawn over Putin which is what
he's almost certainly going to do and
would have done without this information
we had a wonderful relationship we had a
tremendous talk it was a wonderful guy
etc then you would drop this and he'd
look like a total jackass if you wanted
to embarrass Trump and you want to do
the timing right you wouldn't do it now
and then hound upfront again yeah Friday
afternoon right right is Friday is when
you release news you don't want people
to cover right and then it allows Trump
to then come out of the hear out of the
meeting with Putin to go I was very
tough on him I asked him about it and he
says he didn't do it right
whatever he's gonna say something absurd
but it's if he was if he had like two
brain cells to rub together he would be
a it would be a soft ball it would be a
layup I mean he oh great
when yelled at Putin you wouldn't
believe how tough I was on him you
couldn't ask for better timing if you
were Trump so at with this information
so are you predicting that he is going
to say I was really tough on Putin uh
yeah I'm predicting that he'll say that
but he can't help himself so he will
follow up I say but we had a tremendous
meeting and I think what's being done to
Russia is very unfair I think we'll get
that second part I'm not sure he
respects me I think good getti I was
tough on him and he respects me he heard
like he said he didn't do it but he's
gonna look into it
yes and as for your theory I tend to
agree with it it makes a lot of sense to
me but with the caveat that Trump is
immune to a embarrassment and shame he
embarrasses himself eight times a week
and it doesn't matter so what's one more
embarrassment or less at the end of the
day I'm serious you know I might have a
five-year-old daughter and and and like
when she starts crying hysterically
mostly it's because she's done something
wrong and she got caught and so I'm
encouraged by that because she feels a
degree of oh I shouldn't have done that
so I actually don't like I usually I cry
laugh at her right I wanted to go on and
on and on but Trump doesn't have that
there is that doesn't that that little
thing doesn't exist you see it sometimes
and other kids and I always think oh
psychopathy Kelley well look so rare
list of what the timing was I mean it is
coming up right before the summit and so
some politicians on technically on both
sides of the aisle have called on him to
postpone the meeting until Russia makes
some sort of assurance that they're
gonna do something about what they have
already done and I was that and will
almost certainly do again this chanc was
getting at it because we I imagine I
don't see North Carolina and Wisconsin
and Indiana and all these states we got
to tighten up
we got trouble kind I think Rhode
Island's got it so Chuck Schumer said
President Trump should cancels meeting
with Vladimir Putin until Russia takes
demonstrable and transparent steps to
prove that they won't interfere in
future elections glad-handing with
Vladimir Putin on the heels of these
indictments would be an insult to our
democracy just the most recent one I
suppose
and there was a tweet with a statement
from John McCain saying if President
Trump is not prepared to hold Putin
accountable the summit in Helsinki
should not move forward asked about this
Sarah
said it's on that was literally what
she's what does that mean no they're
doing the oh okay so us reasonable
progressives are stuck in the middle
here I don't know that I want them to
cancel the summit or spit in Putin's
face or launch missiles or to whatever
right well I don't want to launch
missiles I just wanna be clear about
that yeah but you don't want him to do
this of it I don't care yeah that's what
I was gonna get at so to us look I want
him to meet with Kim jong-eun I want
peace in North Korea etc but I don't
want him to be a sucker and then have
him say oh he's a great guy and he's
gotten rid of all of his nukes what he
hasn't that didn't help right
I don't want and so if he goes to Putin
and is actually negotiating on our
behalf for things that are important in
the world and to avoid further conflict
wonderful but do you anybody really
think that that's what Donald Trump is
gonna do he's gonna go there and
embarrass himself embarrass us he's
gonna kiss Putin's ass and he's gonna
give him whatever he wants he went to
NATO and said well they speak Russian in
Crimea anyway why don't they just you
know are you crazy
and he is he just gives a bunch of
everything they want so he's gonna go to
Putin and look you know what I think I
think he's in his back pocket but even
if you don't think that I'll tell you
ahead of time like I always do
I guarantee you that he's gonna get
nothing for us and whatever Putin wants
he's gonna give it to him so he might
come out and declare that Crimea should
be brushed I don't know but I know that
we're not gonna get anything out of it
so it is there's no point to it so I
don't want further conflict and yes
there are some people out there who
think oh good let's use this to drum up
more conflict in the world we're not in
that class but we're also not in the
gullible class who thinks that trumps
gonna go to talk to Putin and get
something good for America this is not
gonna happen first Trump's I mean
Putin's objective look no one wants war
no one and there isn't going to be war
and that's not an issue right so that's
a massive red herring Trump got what he
wanted well there is massive discord
inside NATO there's weakness and
indecision and uncertainty on
part about what they can count on from
the United States of America that
emboldened aggressive autocrats like
Vladimir Putin he that's a win
it has it and by the way that makes war
more likely overall this goes and kisses
his ass one more time what's gonna stop
Putin from taking Estonia and what's he
if he does that and says hey Trump said
they speak Russian and Crimea they speak
Russian in Estonia a lot of people in
Estonia speak Russian so I you know I
used the Trump logic to take Estonia
then war becomes more likely not less
likely so here's all right one of the
things I preface my comments by saying
one of the things has bothered me about
a lot of the reaction to the Russia
stories is that a lot of Democrats and a
lot of pretty liberal people sound like
they're trashing diplomacy and I believe
in diplomacy and I believe you've got to
keep talking to the Russians there the
other nuclear superpower I I'm a backer
of the diploma so we can't let that stop
but on this one I gotta say I'm a fairly
tough position that part of diplomacy is
you gotta know when to say no the
meetings off because with this new
information that's unacceptable we'll
get back to you at a later date but it
is not appropriate for two chiefs of
state to meet while this this is
unresolved so I would actually for all
of my talk for diplomacy I my first
reaction maybe I'll think about it more
over the weekend but my first reaction
say no Trump ought to call it off yeah
as a site that's diplomacy too right
acting tough we're not cancelling me so
large a I'm glad you said that because
the the diplomacy that we're talking
we're not on the verge of war when we're
on the verge of war you talk and you
keep talking and nobody walks out of the
room right because when we give a walk
out of the room then you're on then you
run the cost then you're on the cusp of
missiles being launched this isn't that
versus a long issue with diplomacy of
course we're all in favor of diplomacy
but diplomacy isn't it isn't only oh I'm
gonna meet with this guy and have a
giant some of the publicity stunts of
course I'm glad he talked to Kim
theoretically but the low-level
discussions are what's important anyway
and we weren't on the verge of war with
North Korea we're not now we weren't
before so this is all nonsense diplomacy
is a long game that we've been playing
successfully in the parts the in
regarding NATO and the Soviets since
1945 effectively for 73 years okay and
Trump says in following up to his
message that the Russians should
basically have Crimea he said well if it
was Obama's fault anyway if I was
president he no he wouldn't have been
able to do that well hey I'm a trump
good news for you
you're president now and you have a
chance to be so tough on Russia that
they don't do anything like an
aggressive action like that against the
West again cuz that's your point about
Obama all we'd let him take Crimea right
well we just found out for sure that the
Russians tried to interfere in our
elections not with tweets but actually
get into the ballot box they try to
steal our elections so are you going to
let him get away with it my guess is yes
in fact in the first statement that he
did that the White House put out was see
this shows that Trump was never involved
number one of course as usual not true
it doesn't show that at all they didn't
speak to that but they said this is not
about that that's a different matter
this is about did the Russians actually
hack into the DNC Hillary Clinton's
emails and steal those emails yes it was
Russian intelligence officials that did
that and more importantly in all of our
minds they try to get into the ballot
boxes okay now that's a thing you should
be pissed about if you're the American
president you should be outraged by that
and there should be consequences not
military consequences but some things so
because if there's no consequences no
sanctions no anything it's you why don't
you just open up a sign that says China
anyone else break into our ballot boxes
any time you like will reward you
afterwards so like it Richard pointed
out part of diplomacy is also being
tough tough doesn't mean war i if you're
a neocon that's all it ever means right
but we're not neo-cons we have the whole
range of actions here and if Trump goes
there and he's done nothing so far
Eastern that showed 1% interest in
actually protecting America and he's
president now so is he going to protect
America or is the only concern
about himself and you know what they
answer that is that's why every single
comment so far has been me me me me me
it's a witch hunt oh they're coming to
get me but I'm innocent
how about us you're supposed to be the
President of the United States you're
supposed to represent us and he does no
such thing so I don't want that
embarrassment meeting with anyone two
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
