Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
announced a series of new charges
against 12 Russian intelligence agencies
arising out of this special counsels
investigation of the last election the
new counts 11 of them include charges of
conspiracy by the Russian intelligence
officials against the US money
laundering specifically with Bitcoin
reinforcing my idea that bitcoin is
inherently bad and attempts to break
into state election boards and other
government agencies so that's sort of
the broad strokes but we want to go to
rod Rosen Stein from earlier today
during that press conference announcing
what the situation was
so already in there there's quite a bit
to unpack one part that we should
mention is when they talk about the the
state boards of Elections we had
previously known that a voter data had
been stolen I believe at the time we
thought it was two hundred thousand
voters data had been stolen it turns out
it's actually half a million voters data
had been stolen during that part of the
operation and Ron Rosen side mentioned
that they know they have the particular
names of the Russian intelligence
officers those include both lieutenants
but also majors as well showing that
this would went up to higher levels of
the GRU look like they had one of them
there behind rod Rosen yeah interesting
man alive yeah yeah so look guys there's
a lot of talk about Trump and we're
gonna do that too and it's very very
relevant but I want you to focus on the
most important thing here they got into
the state boards of Elections and they
were trying to
back into the software that administers
our elections so that is super serious
if if they were successful in that
effort last time or if they are
successful in that effort next time
that means they flat out just steal our
democracy that it's not a hyperbole if
they are successful that is hijacking
the actual vote not a tweet not some
fake news on social media that's going
straight into our votes so whether
you're on the right or the left the the
time to talk about how the this is
hysteria and that there's actually no
evidence has passed if you made that
argument before I love your brothers and
sisters but you were wrong so whether
it's connected to Trump or not connected
to Trump that's an interesting
discussion and we'll have it but the
rush is definitely interfered in the
election and it wasn't just on social
media it was actually trying to get to
the vote and that is incredibly serious
and a threat to our democracy and
whether it's the Russians or anyone else
we must safeguard those votes under any
and all circumstances and what I'm
really afraid of is that all the
different states are needlessly
territorial and parochial they don't
know how to safeguard themselves against
Russian or Chinese or Indian or any
other hacker right and we have to get
serious on a national level here to make
sure that those votes are real and
protected that to me is by far the
biggest news here and is really being
overlooked by a lot of the other media
so I totally agree on the stakes we do
have to be clear and I'm sure you would
have thought if you'd continued that
there are no allegations in these new
indictments that the outcome of the
election was affected by the particular
things that they're talking about here
also there's no allegations that any of
the people who communicated with those
intelligence officials which we'll get
into how they were attempting to spread
information and all of that knew that
they were interacting with Russian
intelligence officials now some
Republicans have gone a step beyond and
said this proves it didn't happen which
is not what rod Rosen sign is saying but
they did make clear that they are not
alleging those things at this point but
again to the the whole evidence argument
again this 29 I think a page it was a
indictment
does that include the wrong intelligence
gathered or anything like that but it
says that these particular Russian
officials not some building these
particular people they have the
information on exactly what they did but
also that they were watching them in
real time while they were planning it we
don't know for sure that it was US
intelligence that was gathering it as
the planning was happening or if we are
collaborating with some other foreign
intelligence agency but this is based on
information both when that the acts were
actually done and during the planning
and communication phases earlier with
particular Russian intelligence
officials that that really suggests that
the deep state dropped the ball yeah
like they really knew yeah and then
didn't do anything to avoid the outcome
they were seeking to avoid yeah if the
deep state wanted trump to lose well
they got a curious way of showing it
okay but look one last thing before we
get to trump which is look if you're at
this point still saying no not enough
evidence I think maybe that the entirety
of the FBI and the Justice Department
might have made this up and you think
you're on the left I mean I don't know
where you think you are in the political
spectrum but that's a lunatic conspiracy
theory at this point so I'm sure Alex
Jones is saying similar things and so I
it's up to you you do whatever you want
with your life okay but if you think
that the Russians did not try to do this
man
okay then you don't believe anything
then you're in the camp of the the Trump
like people who say everything is fake
news everything's contrived and
everything's a conspiracy and that is
that's loony I've always been a follow
the evidence kind of guy and very early
on in this conversation people would say
to me you're a Russia skeptic and I
would always say I'm an everything
skeptic that's my job right but so early
on I would say let's see where the
evidence takes us that's what I've said
all along and I have to say at this
point man this would have to be a very
elaborate conspiracy to see the American
people into thinking the Russians were
trying to interfere because otherwise as
you said you've got so many people of
our own Rosenstein own Muller and all
these things it would take a lot to
convince me that this isn't real at this
point what
and and and yeah well good I'm glad to
hear that and I'm I'm you know again
there were not meaningful dissents from
the beginning there would if it if these
guys were making it up if this was an
orchestrated effort to make it seem like
the Russians had engaged in behavior
they didn't I imagine like if you go see
shock and awe the number of intelligence
officials who went to those
knight-ridder journalists or when they
called more like this is not how we do
things they're making this up this
evidence does not exist where there that
didn't happen right that simply didn't
happen really fast just for context
because we have new numbers here just to
add to the total because interestingly
this information which we just got today
Donald Trump actually got earlier this
week rod Rosen signed brief to the
President on these new charges and the
intelligence that was used to generate
them but apparently neither didn't stick
where he forgot because Donald Trump as
of this morning said I think that we're
being very hurt hurt very badly by the I
would call it the witch-hunt I would
call it the rigged witch-hunt I think
that really hurts our country and it
really hurts our relationship with
Russia
so just several days after being told
extremely specific information about how
this was actually done he still calls it
a witch-hunt it's actually one of my
favorite witch hunts it's an exciting
dynamic one because we're now up to 100
criminal counts against 32 people and
three companies among the people
previously charged a 14 Russians three
Trump associates who have already
pleaded guilty there are five guilty
pleas one sentencing is already done and
if you look out there there's also an
awesome photo from inside prison of Paul
Manafort so exciting times in the
witch-hunt I think Paul Manafort
actually because there was a Ben Nelson
quality to Paul Manafort before you know
where he just looked like that guy is
fake and lying every and I think he
looks better
his hairs gone gray it's grown out he
looks like more of a regular guy like
you'd meet on a weekend and have a
barbecue two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
