so curt schilling randomly decided to
attack me on twitter this is this is fun
yeah okay
he apparently came across a video from a
little while back about diamond and silk
that we did and their nonsense crying
and lies about how Facebook was
discriminating against them we already
showed on The Young Turks so that's just
not the case and in fact good on them
they actually performed pretty well on
Facebook and there was no discrimination
at all but he sees that video and he
tweets out diamond is silk ladies this
fat toad is still lying dude your clown
okay now that video was from some time
ago so I don't know why he's saying
still lying
yeah plus of course we weren't lying and
I might be overweight but as far as I
know I'm not a toad just want to correct
the record on all the different things
that were stated there do I care oh wow
Curt Schilling whoo see a the right wing
is a bunch of snowflakes if you're
criticizing again at all yeah yeah us
bring it man ain't nothin I haven't seen
on the Internet
so I decided I'm gonna have a little fun
so I tweeted back at him Kurt you
welfare queen have you ripped off any
taxpayers today how much did your
fraudulent bank robbers cost taxpayers
in Rhode Island was it 75 million
dollars no wonder you like Donald Trump
you guys have at least 7 bankruptcies
between you hashtag loser oh my god
that's so good thank you so good did he
respond he did yes first of all he was
heard dawg
