joining us now is Lisa Gilbert she's
with Public Citizen she's the vice
president of legislative affairs and
Public Citizen has a secret plan to
fight Donald Trump which I can't wait to
find out about and I want you guys to
find out about Lisa welcome to the show
thanks so much for having me
no problem so first off you collected
380,000 signatures to make sure the
Trump is not above the law let's talk
about that so what were the signature is
for and and how do you plan on using
them sure well it's actually much deeper
than that so it is a place where people
can sign up to react if Trump's does
something that crosses a red line in the
Muller investigation so we're very
concerned that Bob Mulder could be fired
or rod Rosenstein that could be fired or
Trump might harden key witnesses in the
investigation and so Public Citizen
working with a huge number of other
organizations set up Trump is not above
the law
to get people ready and so folks who
signed up there are committing to take
to the streets within five hours of one
of those red lines I mentioned being
crossed so it's a pretty impressive pre
commitment which we are pursuing at the
same time as we try to ward off Trump
actually doing any of those things and
there's some vigils coming up - I want
to talk about that in the same but let's
stay on this planet because I I find it
fascinating so you've got 900
pre-planned events across the country if
Trump crosses one of the red lines is
that right yeah that's exactly right and
it's a very interesting organizing
paradigm to get people to prepare to
think about you know what they'll do in
that moment well at the same time were
soliciting their help to try to stop
Trump from doing that so it's been an
interesting thing it just shows how
committed folks are to protecting the
rule of law to making the case that
Trump himself is not above the law
so I was at a conference put together by
American promise another wonderful
progressive group and I was talking to
someone about hate this do any of the
progressive groups have a plan for if
Trump you know fires Muller or does
something completely outrageous because
people should be in the streets and
they're like you
yeah actually it's Public Citizen they
have a plan I was like oh that's me
let's talk to them it's a good plan man
so I'm glad that somebody's thinking
about it so one more time can you review
what what you guys consider the red
lines that would get these launched
these nine hundred events sure thing so
you know the biggest one is if Bob
Muller is removed from his position he's
no longer in charge of the Russia
investigation that's a red line the next
one is rod Rosenstein who's the deputy
AG at DOJ he oversees Bob Muller because
sessions has recused himself because of
his conflicts with Russia
if rod Rosenstein is removed from
overseeing the investigation that's a
red line and then the third one which in
some ways scarily seems the most
plausible as we move towards the mana
fork trials is if Trump pardons key
witnesses of course that would include
the self pardon but if that happens that
is absolutely a red line yes okay great
and and then now I want to talk about
your vigils so what are the vigils that
are coming up and when are they
absolutely so next Wednesday the 18th
all around the country at 8 p.m. we will
be standing together to confront
corruption and demand democracy so this
is spurred by the fact that every week
we see a new scandal and the Trump
administration you know whether it's
Pruett resigning or the Russia
investigation stuff I was just talking
about there's reason to continuously be
reminded that this administration is
trying to profit off the presidency so
we want to pivot from that from all the
corruption that we're seeing and talk
about what we want the democracy we
envision where there is not big money in
politics where ethics can be upheld
we're voting rights is supported and
more people are registered get together
to talk about all of these solutions and
really hold a vigil there's going to be
a visual with candles everywhere in the
country at the same time so hopefully
it's very powerful and just reminds us
all what we're fighting for
so the websites are confront corruption
org you can find dividuals near you
there then trump is not above the law
org that's to protect a Russian
investigation and then to learn more
about Public Citizen its citizen org so
all three of those are very easy
confront corruption not or
Trump is not above the law Oregon
citizen org and and I love progressive
groups working together on on real
issues that matter and and so I know
Wolfpack is is one of the many sponsors
of these vigils as well they're involved
that's great and then to I T we call
ourselves homo progressives so not only
are we telling you guys that these
vigils are happening and that Public
Citizen is working on these great
campaigns but we're going to be covering
the one in DC live so make sure that you
guys check that out on our Facebook
pages whenever there's any progressive
event or rally Young Turks will cover it
and and will usually livestream it on
Facebook as we will with these vigils so
Lisa can you tell us a little bit more
about if people haven't heard of Public
Citizen what it does overall sure thank
you so Public Citizen is a national
nonprofit and we've been around for 40
years we have half a million individual
citizen members around the country and
our mission is to take on corporate
power on behalf of those people on
behalf of the regular public Main Street
Americans so obviously there's a lot of
work to do nowadays but we try to take
on these power imbalances wherever we
find them whether the financial sector
whether campaign finance reform whether
you know the power imbalances are
hurting workers you'll find us there and
we do a lot of lobbying in DC to try to
represent regular people to make it
happen and you take no government or
corporate money absolutely oh can we
take none well if you're trying to fight
corporate power that's very logical but
yeah you might be surprised though who
does take money from and and then do
different things but anyways it's a
wonderful group let's just talk about
just a tiny bit more about if Trump
crosses one of the red lines okay so
what is it that we you would want out of
those protests so let's say that at nine
hundred of them happened at once and
that would be amazing and the 380,000
people who sign the you know on to be
part of this or hopefully even more wind
up in the streets what would you want to
happen next
right so I mean I think it's gonna be a
moment that we can can barely picture
what it will be like it is a true
constitutional crisis the like of which
we haven't seen since Nixon since
Watergate and so we anticipate though
we've signed up 380,000 people around
the country there will be many more who
take to the streets within five hours to
protest and then after that we're gonna
have a set of demands that we make at
first we need to protect and preserve
everything that was part of the Muller
investigation we have to make sure we
have all the documents and that Congress
immediately appoints a new special
counsel if Muller was removed then we're
gonna turn on them and say you must hold
hearings Judiciary Committee hearings on
abuse of power and then the Senate needs
to put together
Watergate style a special select
committee to investigate what Trump just
did after that you know we just
anticipate that people are gonna need to
stay in the streets and we cannot let
Congress move forward in business as
usual mode this is different than
anything that we'll have seen to that
point and certainly that we've seen in
over 30 years and so we're gonna be
expecting chaos and then focusing it on
those three asks yeah because Lisa when
I think about what happens if they don't
do anything
so Trump let's say fire smaller and and
Congress says nothing about it then what
is the state of our rule of law at that
point exactly and that's what we can't
let happen and so it's gonna be
incredibly important that although
people rally on day one within five
hours that it's not just a day one
there's the day two a day for a day ten
and that Congress really understands
that this is it cannot be business as
usual it is a crisis and so they need to
react as such and take every lever that
they have to push the administration and
to make sure that chunk is held
accountable all right Lisa Gilbert from
Public Citizen doing a public service
because we need to protect our democracy
this isn't about Democrats or
Republicans this isn't about some
politician you don't like if there's an
investigation and a president is allowed
to be above the rule of law then there
are no checks or balances on what he can
do
then then anything can happen and we've
lost our democracy so it's a super
important
effort and Lisa thank you for joining us
to tell us about it thanks for having me
