Donald Trump's meeting with NATO allies
ended in what could be called a more
conciliatory turn of phase but it's
unknown whether or not things will
continue to be bumpy along the way with
Trump and our allies so let's talk about
that a little bit following Donald
Trump's meeting with NATO allies he
decided to have an impromptu press
conference where he made all sorts of
accusations toward the allies but more
importantly claimed to have achieved
this ambitious goal of getting the
Allies to pay more for NATO now he had
said and we gave him credit for that our
NATO allies had promised to pay 2% of
their gross domestic product for NATO
and they hadn't done that yet well it
turns out that they had promised to do
that
by the time we reached 2024 but
nonetheless we got it NATO should NATO
ally should pay more now he's claiming
to have moved the goalposts and that the
NATO allies have agreed to things that
they have not agreed to
so in this impromptu news conference
Trump declared that it was unnecessary
for the u.s. to withdraw from the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization after
telling allied leaders that morning that
if they didn't immediately meet the 2%
goal I'll do my own thing okay okay I
mean he again I know broken record but
it's true
he's like a kid who says oh yeah then
I'll take my ball and go home and then
you guys won't be able to play I'll do
my own thing I you know look I know he's
careless with words to say the least but
it's not your own saying it's the United
States it's about our national security
and telling all our allies you'll take
your ball and go home is not productive
and your constants stupid yo-yo strategy
of Darr you Germans are working with the
Russians it's unacceptable you got to
get to 2% the next day 4% otherwise they
take my ball and go home I'll do my own
thing right okay it was fantastic it was
a tremendous meeting he talks about how
it was a tremendous meeting and they had
great success it was a
little tough for a little while but you
can ask anybody in that meeting they're
really liking what happened over the
last two days this is this is a standard
is a standard tactic that you see from
Trump
I mean he'll slap on random ridiculous
tariffs on our allies and then turn
around and say that the Allies love it
he just puts words in people's mouths
and by the way to some extent it works
I mean he's it is incredibly good at
manipulating the conversation and
convincing people that what he's doing
is effective that he's tough and that
while he's punching people in the face
the while he's punching his friends in
the face they're loving every minute of
it that no one's ever seen people love
getting punched in the face like this
before not as much as when I punch
people in the face it's tremendous I do
the best punches I mean it's it's
laughable anyway again this was an
impromptu press conference but but I got
it looked two things about that one on
your point about how it works Democrats
take note it turns out making your own
case even if it's a preposterous one at
one riddled with lies one that makes no
logical sense at all it still works
because at least somebody's making a
case where Democrats like no no I got it
oh my god we're scared about the the
Republicans in in these five Democratic
seats that are up for re-election that
are inbred states we're so scared
maybe those senators should vote for
Kavanagh and make the Republican case
for them
no make your own case and it might
actually work and by the way you have
the advantage of being right on most of
these issues and more importantly having
the American people agree with you on
almost all the issues meanwhile this
buffoon goes out and goes oh we had a
tremendous me meeting ask anyone
involved stated asked people involved
they didn't think it was tremendous they
thought it was borderline disastrous
great buddy but he says it and 40% of
our country goes home by they must have
been a tremendous meeting so just to
give you a little bit more of that
messaging here he is
during that impromptu press conference
talking about how these meetings went
and what he allegedly accomplished and
tremendous progress has been made
everyone's agreed to substantially up
their commitment they're going to
at levels that they've never thought of
before prior to last year where I
attended my first meeting it was going
down the amount of money being spent by
countries was going down and down very
substantially and now it's going up very
substantially and commitments were made
only five of 29 countries were making
their commitment and that's now changed
the commitment was a two percent
ultimately that'll be going up quite a
bit higher than that okay nobody agreed
to have it go up higher no one agreed
and I'll give you statements from
McCrone and other leaders that said no
we agreed during the Obama
administration to increase the spending
to two percent by 2024 we plan on doing
that we will continue doing that and by
the way Trump keeps talking about how
I'm the tough guy I'm the one who
convinced you know our allies to agree
to spend more no no no and if you don't
believe me you don't have to believe me
you can watch it for yourself
here is Obama urging NATO allies to
spend more to fund NATO and as your ally
in as your friend let me say that will
be more secure when every NATO member
including Canada contributes its full
share to our common security
oh the problem is he didn't say it in a
stupid way
so it wasn't entertaining it was just
dull when he asked for the two percent
so when Trump comes in and goes which
the Germans are doing is very unfair
very unfair trying to do an energy deal
with Russia like I was trying to do a
little bit ago very unfair then people
pay attention and oh my god maybe
there's gonna be a two-by-four etc what
was incredible about Trump's press
conference was that he kept looking down
at his notes mm-hmm like which indicates
that he prepared somewhat for that press
conference and he still sounded like an
idiot yeah that's not that's not
surprising I guess but I mean wow yeah
can I note the irony or the interesting
situation that we found ourselves in
were the Americans and the rest of the
world to some degree are asking the
Germans to spend more on their military
two easy ways folly
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below then you're a TYT subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on youtube you are notified of
our videos
