initially again in 2014 Obama got the
knot the NATO allies to agree to spend
more on NATO and they plan on doing that
now Germany had fallen behind they
weren't meeting their goals and Trump
was right in calling them out on that
but he wasn't right in the way he called
them out on it I mean doing it
diplomatically doing it in a way that
doesn't alienate your allies is I would
argue a better strategy but Trump I'm
sure doesn't really think too much about
those strategies so not only did Trump
demand on Twitter on Thursday that
countries meet the two percent level by
this year not 2024 but he also said all
countries should eventually hit four
percent which is more than even the u.s.
currently spends in fact spending four
percent of GDP on defense represents
wartime levels of investment now who
would that spending go to oh right
defense contractors so and who do they
donate to oh right the Republican Party
so well what a nice break that the
defense contractors would get incredibly
rich off of this and so would the
corrupt Republican and by the way a lot
of Democratic politicians too who take
money from those defense contractors you
might donors say you have to increase
your military spending did I say donors
out loud in this case he actually didn't
say donors out loud but we can hear
pretty clearly so what is the response
from these allies look everyone's glad
that NATO hasn't been dismantled or
destroyed so I guess in that respect in
that regard people are happy no I got it
look when Bush was talking to Brian
Williams a long time ago when he was
president he said the trick is to keep
expectations low yeah okay now this is
how low the bar has gotten for Donald
Trump he went to a meeting with NATO and
NATO did not immediately immediately
explode like they did not disband the
alliance on the spot if he were like
bravo Trump okay you got out of the
meeting without ruining an alliance that
has lasted for decades upon decades
congratulations
that's the lowest bar in history right
now McCrone responded to calls to
increase
funding by 4% and he just denied that
anyone has agreed to do that
he said allies reconfirmed what they
already pledged in recent years to
increase their defense spending by 2
percent by 2024 but he didn't mention
any country committing to fresh spending
following the Thursday discussion and so
what that means by the way is Trump
during the press conference cool after
we talked you know that now they're all
you know gonna increase their spending
and micron saying no not a single
country agreed to further spending after
these discussions that's supposed to be
clear and and just to be clear I mean
there are other examples when it comes
to talks with other foreign leaders
where Trump has completely lied about
what they said they would do so after
the summit in Singapore with kim
jeong-hoon trump comes back to the
united states and says that they've
already sent back the remains of 200
american soldiers who fought in the
Korean War guess what they haven't sent
back a single soldiers remains not a
single sergeant soldiers remains in fact
North Korean leaders were North Korean
officials I should say we're supposed to
meet with American officials to discuss
the logistics of returning those remains
and guess what they didn't show up and
that just happened so that was a total
lie might be rely out of that was the
parents of the fallen soldiers keep
asking me to bring the bodies back the
youngest that the parents could be is a
hundred and eight years old ok so but
we've gotten used to a serial liar as
president and and here we are so in his
version of events which is ironically of
course fake news he was super tough on
the Europeans and they loved it they
loved getting punched in the face and
then they immediately conceded to his
demands none of which are true but the
ban marches are two easy ways to follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
