all right well the Young Turks we're
going old school today I'm gonna be with
second by myself then Anna's gonna join
me for the rest of the show and helvis
show it is Donald Trump saying crazy
things
fascist attacking people assaulting them
in the streets and man that is that's a
wild wild story speaking of wild stories
the Saudis apparently as we told you
have dismembered a Washington Post
columnist every time I say it it sounds
insane and weird okay but we have more
details on that and what if anything is
a trump administration can do about that
all that a little bit later in the
program and tonight
Beto versus beta a debate that will
cover for members only TRT calm /join to
get that i'll tell you more about that
in a second because i've got a fun
surprise for you guys
in this segment all right so but let's
start out with in West Virginia okay so
guys which camera that one all right
that's what I thought
that's what I thought okay it's been a
while all right Richard rosetta is
running on West Virginia he's a Democrat
it's the third congressional district
now normally the way that these races
work is if you're running in a red state
like West Virginia and Donald Trump won
that state by over 40 points the
conventional wisdom for Democrats is run
Republican light so go towards the
Republicans in pretend you are one that
is not the route that Richard or Jetta
has chosen bless his heart so I'm about
to show you a series of ads which are
incredibly aggressive they match our
slogan here at TYT too strong now you
think well I mean are they really too
strong holds holds now and at the end
we've got an exclusive for you guys his
new ad out in this race you're gonna
love every one of these let's start out
nice and easy let's show you an ad that
normally Democrats wouldn't run and I'll
explain why let's watch I'm Richard Oh
Jenna
one huge drug company McKesson has
dumped over 5 million pain pills out of
a small pharmacy right here in Logan
County alone and they've made millions
off of pushing their pain pills they get
away with this because they Gries the
pockets of the members of Congress but
make no mistake about it I don't want
their money they need not darken my
doorstep and I will have no problems
throwing drug company lobbyists out of
my office I approve this message because
I'm sick and tired of watching our
politicians sell us out damn right you
are Richard all right army of one indeed
all right now we're just getting warmed
up now what did he do there that is
forbidden in democratic circles normally
first of all he talked about a specific
company my donate to us what are you
doing well I don't he said I don't care
I don't want him to donate to me and I
love that line I don't want them to
darken my doorstep oh there you go okay
second thing that's a no-no for
Democratic elite an establishment is
don't talk about corruption did not get
that memo he's talking about a
corruption in almost every single ad
that's how you win now guys we're gonna
find out who's right and who's wrong
this guy's running an actual populist
campaign and by the way you don't have
to agree with him on every issue I don't
agree with him on every issue but there
is a litmus test if you're wondering
what's the litmus test corruption you're
either corrupt you take the corporate
money and you do their bidding or you
are not corrupt and you actually
represent your constituency your
constituents are different than me
they're in West Virginia they might have
different views on guns or other issues
that's that's not important it's a
democracy of course I gonna have
slightly different issues than you would
in California in New York or anywhere
else right the question is are you an
honest actor and are you willing to
represent them and no Chetta stepped up
but like I said I'm just getting started
now he's gonna take out on his opponent
again in very undemocratic ways and in
normally the Democratic Party is oh well
I mean you know we want I remember signs
I think Asaf had when he lost like a
premade sign that said civility what you
wasted twenty million dollars in that
race more than twenty million being
civil that is not how a general rule
rolls this is how he rolls I'm Richard
Oh Jetta drug companies have made
millions pouring their opioids into our
communities ripping apart our families
what is Carol Miller done she's accepted
campaign cash from the very same
companies responsible
she's even profiting from this epidemic
an epidemic that has killed thousands of
West Virginians she actually owns stock
in one of the companies responsible for
it all McKesson I approve this message
because Carol Miller's not going to
fight this opioid epidemic but I will
he's not playing man so another thing
that Democrats don't normally do I mean
like if you're gonna name your opponent
and call her personally corrupt oh my
god the mainstream media will yell at
you come and get some get some Carol
Miller is the daughter of a former US
Representative Samuel Devine whoa I do
declare and she is currently at West
Virginia House of Delegates member and
so normally that requires kid gloves
that's again not how old Jenna does
things let's keep going
I'm Richard Oh Jenna and I've been under
fire multiple times in places like Iraq
and Afghanistan tattooed on my back are
the names of my brothers that did not
come home now my military record and my
love of this country has come under fire
once again by Carol Miller how dare she
a millionaire who has enjoyed a life of
privilege under the very freedoms that I
have fought for I approve this message
because I love this country and I'm
willing to fight for it
and you
Oh 404 tricks is over okay let me
explain something I have not looked at
the polls and on purpose normally I do
announce for you guys that look at the
polls how are they standing where they
go on etc with what is the district
normally good no no no not a sight
unseen this race is over that guy wins
he doesn't loose okay so when he said
that that hit the fall soldiers were
tattooed on his back I in my mind I was
already doing this race is over I'm
calling it okay the walk off from the
camera the way that Carol Miller right
these are all the rules that make no
sense at all and look if you're a
regular person you love this kind of
stuff and and you think why do Democrats
follow the nonsense rules that don't
work that's why they lost a thousand
seats across the country in the last ten
years over a thousand seats so why do
they keep doing a losing strategy
because they get paid to do the losing
strategy because oh don't talk about
corporations don't talk about corruption
don't fight back against the Republicans
once you remove the corporate cash and
you have an uncorrupted candidate then
you could just run to win that's what
he's doing and that's what someone
running to win
looks like Carol Miller he's not done
yet
hit him again I'm Richard Oh Jenna and
people say that I'm angry
well angry is an understatement when I
come home and I found that I got
children in my backyard that have it
worse and the kids that I saw in Iraq
and Afghanistan I can't accept that when
I see companies using bankruptcy
loopholes to keep her paying our coal
miners the pensions that they work for I
will not sit quiet
and gentlemen we have been sold out
we've been sold out by people like Nancy
Pelosi Mitch McConnell and the
Washington insiders I approve this
message because I am angry and I'm ready
to fight back
drop the mic already Jesus Christ
somebody throw in the towel for Karen
Miller oh man when he said some people
say I'm angry goddamn right that's what
I've been saying on the show for over
ten years
Queeny can someone finally say angry at
god damn right I'm angry okay you know I
mean you've got kids in West Virginia
suffering so badly the streams are
polluted you've got the corrupt
politicians running everything some of
you might not like it couple of things
in there all while he said Nancy Pelosi
Nancy Pelosi when they asked her why why
do you consider yourself according to
her own words master legislator oh
please what have you gotten done she
said oh that's because I raised the most
money not interested not interested so
yeah there's nothing wrong with calling
that out and and some of you might think
it's too aggressive would you like to
win or do not like to win that is a
candidate that wins in West Virginia how
did the other candidates do when they
run milquetoast cameras well I mean
there's a couple of Democrats running in
Kansas that said the courage to lead
from the middle no I'm sorry it was
leading from the middle and it courage
to compromise
ain't no courage to compromise with
Richard or Jenna you know here's who
you're not gonna find in the middle of
the road Oh Jenna okay but whoever he's
coming for you might find in the middle
of the road okay so now they exclusive
he's got a new ad and it's going to be
featured right now for the first time
ever on The Young Turks let's watch
10,000 gallons of toxic chemicals poured
into the Elk River threatening the
health of 300,000 people and what did
Carol Miller do she voted against
monitoring the health of those sickened
by the spill Miller even supported
legislation allowing corporations to
dump Mort
the chemicals into the water no surprise
Miller's accepted thousands in campaign
cash from corporations that profit by
poisoning us crooked Carol Miller sold
us out
I'm Richard Oh Jenna and I approve this
message crooked Carol Miller oh well you
shouldn't do that that's the kind of
thing that the other side does get the
other side one a thousand seats you lost
the thousand seats you know what I don't
mind her him calling her name she's
earned it through corruption it's about
time a Democrat stepped up and called it
what it is
voto Jetta calm is a website I think
you're gonna want to go to it there will
we put up the links for donations and
volunteers at the bottom of this video
in the description box for comments
section yes we will oh wait you're not
supposed to do that you're supposed to
be neutral I am NOT neutral that is
exactly the kind of Democratic candidate
that I like that is strength Republicans
there's a new kind of Democrat out there
an uncorrupted one you ain't seen
nothing like it before Richard Oh Jetta
and winter are coming for you ah love it
finally man I don't know if his hey Suze
back there yeah we've been waiting 16
years for this haven't we about time
about time go get him Richard go get him
now let's take one from his playbook now
we had done this independently not
really Richard yet or anything like that
playing this a while back okay now we've
been telling you about Meadow versus
beta this is one of the most important
and interesting races in 2018 midterm
elections better or or currently a
Democratic congressman versus Ted Cruz
currently the most loathsome politician
in America and he's the incumbent in the
Senate race better o'rourke has raised a
tremendous amount of money but none from
corporations or corporate PACs so he is
also an uncorrupted candidate Ted Cruz
is the definition of corruption and the
problem with better o'rourke and I'll be
honest about it is that he's a little
too polite and a little too nice so he's
got a great record on policy he talks
about it he talks about policy
aggressively and and I don't want you to
get the wrong impression because he's a
fighter and first time I ever talked to
him I said what's gonna be your
number-one issue in Texas he said
single-payer health care I said wow this
is a long long time ago now I totally
agree with that but know what almost no
one else in Washington at the time
believed in that so he's a strong
fighter for things that matter ok but
for whatever reason he has decided that
he is not going to attack Ted Cruz that
much in his commercials maybe that's his
political strategy I got nothing to do
with that me I like attacking Ted Cruz
so here's what we decided you we're not
the Young Turks you're the owners so we
did an ad and we're gonna ask you guys
to finance it as much as you want you
don't like it don't put money into it
and we won't run it against Ted Cruz you
like it put money in we'll run it a lot
against Ted Cruz obviously in Texas and
there's three weeks before the election
could be a little bit relevant I'm gonna
tell you where to go in a second but
hold I'm about to release the ad hears
that we put together in this particular
race in Texas against Ted Cruz this is
Ted Cruz
that's him phone banking for Donald
Trump after Trump called his wife ugly
look at him what kind of a man does that
oh yeah Trump also said his father was
probably a murderer he made calls on
behalf of Trump after being unmanned by
him you're looking at the saddest man in
America Ted Cruz 2018 pathetic hmm
fun for everybody t y-t-dot-com slash
Cruz gets you to an act blue page where
you can donate to your heart's content
the money goes strictly for running that
particular ad and and if so if you like
it let's run it a lot
totally up to you guys how much you want
to do it okay I I think that that ad
could be effective and oh by the way you
might be when I wait isn't the
intercessor company our company's
allowed to do that yes you know why see
United whoa hey wait a minute is that
fair no it's not fair it's a terrible
terrible ruling well the worst rule is
the Supreme Court history Ted Cruz and
the other Republicans better hurry up
and fix it otherwise we can run ads to
game on by the way if you like what we
do and we are the home progressives and
that's why we do things like this also
become a member and be way too strong
with us t y-t-dot-com /join okay that's
how you get 18 different progressive
shows and a media organization that will
kick ass on your behalf Ted Cruz
we're coming okay let's see what happens
yeah all right we're having fun today
now let's go to Trump oh boy after this
series of ass kick is we move on to
Donald Trump okay now I told you about a
very peculiar case of the server in
Pennsylvania the Donald Trump was using
to communicate with a seemingly with the
Russians I told you about that a long
time ago and it was not based on our
reporting it was frankly a four it's
late who had done some great reporting
on it Eric Lichtblau at New York Times
tried to do some great reporting on it
but was blocked by his executive editor
they thought that it might be too
political right before an election to
reveal the Donald Trump might be
receiving communication from the
Russians no it's political to hold a
story like that as a political decision
you're making when you have a story they
eventually ran the story but with a
completely misleading title saying that
the FBI basically had concluded that the
Trump is not working with the Russians
now they were of course to reverse that
and it was never true in the first place
I'm about to show you what is true now
there's some new details
it was great reporting from Dexter
Filkins at The New Yorker and and if
you've never heard the story before it
is amazing and in my opinion conclusive
proof that at least someone on the Trump
campaign very very clearly communicated
with the Russians yeah if you don't
believe it I I think after you look at
the evidence
there might be something wrong with you
so we'll get to that in a second and so
first I'm just asking everybody keep an
open mind here and look at the evidence
okay and obviously we'll put a link to
the actual article down below if you're
watching on YouTube or Facebook later in
the description box where all the links
always are so you can read it for
yourself it's a long one here let me
summarize first of all they talked to a
group of computer scientists who are
prominent and apparently monitor the
internet in ways that we were not aware
of before I told you about this in the
last story and and Filkins explains its
members sometimes work with law
enforcement or for private clients but
mostly they acted as self-appointed
guardians of the internet trying to
thwart hackers and to keep the system
clean of malware a guardians of the
galaxy if you will now there's a guy
named max that's a pseudonym that he's
using because he doesn't want to be
outed and he is among these computer
scientists but again the reporters have
confirmed that he is in fact a prominent
computer scientist the guy who worked on
this and asked many other computer
scientists dozens including professors
who are experts in this area to also
look at the evidence to see if if he was
getting anything wrong and they all
concluded no it is exactly right and and
max it turns out was a John mate McCain
Republican so not only was he not biased
against Republicans initially what he
saw was oh the Russia's hacked into the
democratic servers so they're probably
trying to do the same thing to the
Republicans so he thought to himself
quote we were trying to protect them by
them he means the Republicans he
initially took on this task of looking
around to see if the Russians were
trying to tap into anything else hacking
anything else to protect the Republicans
hey they don't get hacked didn't you
like the Democrats did but he found
something else completely so here's what
he found out in the small town of Lititz
Pennsylvania domain late the Trump
Organization seemed to be behaving in a
peculiar way hmm while they looked into
it a little further
why does Trump even have a server there
and and why is it receiving these
bizarre messages from specific folks
well examining records for the Trump
domain Max's group discovered
DNS lookups from a pair of servers owned
by alpha bank one of the largest banks
in Russia alpha banks computers were
looking at the address of the Trump
server nearly every day boy that's
really weird
and here's what Mac's had to say about
it we were watching this happen in real
time and we thought why the hell is a
Russian bank communicating with a server
that belongs to the Trump Organization
and at such a rate now there was a lot
of different explanations after he came
out with that story initially or or
slate did but things like spamming and
spoofing they're all absolute nonsense
I'll get to that in a minute as well but
certainly when you first look at it it
raises they're almost a literal red flag
but not a Red Scare this is actually
based on evidence and it goes okay
that's weird let's look into it more and
see if there is a logical explanation
but the part that to me last time I
explained was the clincher was the
second largest entity looking and
communicating with that Trump server in
Pennsylvania and so he found the same
thing so here it is only what other
entities seem to be reaching out to the
Trump organizations domain with any
frequency spectrum health of Grand
Rapids Michigan spectrum health is
closely linked to the DeVos family
Richard DeVos jr. is the chairman of the
board and one of its hospitals is named
after his mother his wife Betsy DeVos
was appointed Secretary of Education by
Donald Trump now you're telling me that
there's a server in Pennsylvania
belonging to Donald Trump and the two
major groups communicating with it are a
Russian bank and the DeVos family later
Betsy DeVos is named education secretary
and that's a coincidence
hold we're not done with the
coincidences how about divorces brother
her brother Eric Prince is a trump
associated who has attracted the
scrutiny of robert muller the special
counsel of SE ating Trump's ties to
Russia
Moeller has been looking into prince's
meeting following the election with a
Russian official in the seashell
at which he reportedly discussed setting
up a back-channel between Trump and the
Russian President Vladimir Putin Prince
maintains that the meeting was
incidental demo okay so the Russian bank
and the DeVos family communicating with
a trump server during the campaign
critical parts of the campaign for May
on after the election Betsy DeVos
incidentally becomes education secretary
that her brother incidentally goes to
seashell Islands to meet with the
Russians to set up a back-channel with
Vladimir Putin what a bunch of incidents
and coincidence spamming spoofing are
you crazy
okay you think that accidentally the
server happened to look up a Russian
bank and the DeVos family and then one
of the divorced family members wound up
in an island what the rush is
communicating after Trump won oh that
was a coincidence no person in the right
mind could believe that but I got more
so what look maybe these are two things
that are communicating with a trump
server but there's a million others and
you're picking a needle in a haystack
and trying to make connections no 2,500
lookups nearly all of them from alpha
bank and Spectrum Health it's not two
out of a million it's two out of two
almost every lookup I believe it's over
99% of the communications with the Trump
server was alpha bank spectrum health
the Russian Bank the DeVos family
there ain't no coincidence that large
anyone who doesn't understand that is
completely irrational okay okay you say
well no I don't know maybe spectrum
house was this is some of the absurd
absurd theories maybe spectrum house was
spending sending a marketing emails and
the Trump server was accidentally
responding to it a lot okay how about
this it would require for that theory to
hold it would require the service of
Spectrum Health to be as well as here's
was a glitch a computer glitch hilarious
it would require the service of Spectrum
Health to be simultaneously experiencing
the same glitch
yeah Oh golly gee there was a glitch
that with Trump talking to the Russian
bank and then another glitch from the
Russian Bank Bank of them there's a lost
family another glitch oh my God look at
all these coincidental glitches there
ain't no glitch there obviously
obviously communicating to one another
now what's inside those messages that's
super important we're gonna get to that
because we don't yet have all that
information but is there a way we can
find out hold so
Maxo some other scientists I spoke to
according to Dexter Filkins here
theorized that they may be using the
system so signal one another about
events or tasks that had to be performed
money to be transferred for instance or
data to be copied ding-ding-ding-ding I
believe we have a winner now it might
not be the case we got to see what's in
the communications and can we do that
again I'll get to that in a second
so are those hypotheses far more likely
saying they're a million times more
likely actually literally scientifically
statistically underplays it it is way
then way more than a million times more
likely that they were actually
communicating or perhaps saying when
money would be transferred then there
was a computer glitch or a spam and it
happened to miraculously happen from
only those two things and both going in
both directions okay so max concluded we
decided this was a covert communication
channel to which I say oh of course of
course it is okay so we're not done on
September 21st he wrote The Times had
delivered potential evidence of
communications to BGR okay now this is a
really important part of the story
that's a Washington lobbying firm that
worked for alpha bank two days later the
Trump domain vanished from the internet
now this was not part of the earlier
story and so as I looked at that I
thought I mean if it wasn't over already
it's definitely over now do you
understand what happened
so the New York Times in the story that
I mentioned in the beginning reaches out
to alpha bank and says look we're gonna
do a story on you what's your
explanation on this very peculiar fact
right at that point alpha bank doesn't
shut it down
Trump shuts it down but wait a minute
they never contacted Trump oops
Max's group was surprised the Trump
domain had been shut down after The
Times contacted alpha bank's
representatives but before the newspaper
contacted Trump so the obvious
conclusion is the one that max reached
that shows a human interaction certain
actions leave fingerprints he explained
now if you were just communicating and
there was just spam going back and forth
investigators would tell alpha bank how
would alpha banks end to spam to the
truth of course not
no someone actually had to pick up a
phone and say they're on to us
and so the Trump server cuts off how in
the world would they have known unless
they were already communicating to alpha
bank okay for four days this is a get it
keeps getting worse and worse for four
days the servers at alpha bank kept
trying to look up the Trump domain then
10 minutes after the last attempt one of
them looked up another domain which had
been configured to lead to the same
Trump Organization server well if it was
spam or a glitch why would the server
continue to try to look up the Alpha
bank guys try to look for a trump server
and then find a second one they
miraculously in their random sending of
marketing emails found a second Trump
server no one in their right mind could
believe that no one in fact here's Paul
vixie from far right security saying why
did alpha look up either name and
especially the second name well there is
no logical explanation for that unless
they knew what the second name was and
they were told to look that up and they
did so they could reestablish the line
of communication now here is what the
latest is in terms of whether we are
ever going to find out what was in those
communications those communications
happen apps
lutely were they a sign that the
Russians and someone in the Trump
administration were communicating and
hence colluding absolutely absolutely
you'd be crazy to think otherwise and if
you are I don't know Anna maybe you got
a dog in the fight I don't maybe your
have already been in a certain position
you maintain it for so long you don't
want to see straight but this is
overwhelming now will we find out what
was in those communications now here's
really bad news before I get to the good
news in June 2017 Trump nominated brian
benz Kowski a lawyer who had overseen
the straws Friedberg report for alpha
bank to lead the criminal division of
the Justice Department Oh No
so here's what happened first of all the
law firm representing the Russian
oligarchs and this Bank was law firm
that were that don McGann worked at you
remember who down me ganas he's the
White House Counsel so he gets hired to
be White House Counsel after his firm
works on this case now the guy who was
in charge of the so-called investigation
that alpha bank did once they were
exposed was this guy Brian Benz Kowski
and he concluded oh yeah I talked to
alpha bank and they say it was a
coincidence and we're done with it
that's that guy appears to be a complete
and utter fraud now I get it he's a
lawyer gets paid to to lie basically on
behalf of his clients really you looked
at an investigation well poisonous yeah
let's wrap this up oh who did the
investigation of Apple Bank Oh alpha
bank oh wow okay Jay hired a-- straws
Friedberg to do it destroys Friedberg
after being paid by alpha bank included
alpha bank was awesome now the guy who
let all that at the law firm is now the
guy who is at the head of the criminal
division of the Justice Department so if
something is rigged it is rigged in
favor of Donald Trump the Democrats
objected of course
Republicans steamrolled him and he was
confirmed this is the corruption that is
happening and New Yorker explains he and
a referring to Richard Durbin and other
Democratic senators were especially
troubled that Ben's cows he would not
commit to recusing himself from dealing
with Muller's investigation even though
he had worked for two of Russia's
leading oligarchs you worked at the law
firm that led the investigation
so-called investigation into clearing
Alpha Bank you work for two of the
Russian oligarchs that's at the center
of the Muller investigation will you
recuse yourself he's like of course not
remember why Trump is so mad at Jeff
Sessions because he recused himself this
guy was not hired to recuse himself he
was hired not to recuse himself he was
hired with this it peers with this
specific intent make sure you get in
there and you're our guy on the inside
he's not a small little guy he's the
head of the Criminal Division at the
Justice Department that oversees the FBI
so that's the corruption that's going on
so where's the hope well the Democrats
have asked us for this in the past but
if they win the house in about three
weeks they can stop politely asking and
they could subpoena so what are they
asking for the Democrats implored the
majority and again they won't have to
implore much longer potentially
depending on how the elections go to
force Senden who is that that's the
company that dealt with the server to
turn over computer data that would help
determine what had happened those
records could show who in the Trump
Organization use the server they would
probably also be a record of who shut
down the Trump domain after The Times
contacted Alpha Bank Senden might have
records of any outgoing communications
sent by the Trump Organization now I
don't know that they do I don't know
what information they have I don't know
if molars already got that information I
do know that Democrats if they win the
majority in the House will be looking
for that information and my god if they
save the communications inside those
messages that went back and forth
game over now until you have those
communications could you prove all this
in a court of law well maybe they were
talking about tennis maybe they were
trading food recipes now you and I know
if you're anywhere within the universe
of rationale but that's not what was
happening but we don't know for certain
with specificity enough to prove in a
criminal case what happened
but those messages they know so will
they be able to get the messages will
Trump's lackeys that the Justice
Department blocked the investigation
will the Democrats be able to subpoena
the records do they exist and to what
degree do they exist will they show
actually what was in the communications
it is possible that that will determine
everything so there's the collusion
right there the question is what's
inside we might find out in just a
couple of weeks so I conclude this
report with tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick tick he definitely did it the
question is exactly what and will they
get them gonna find out soon we'll be
right back we hope you're enjoying this
free clip from the Young Turks
if you want to get the whole show and
more exclusive content while supporting
independent media become a member at TYT
dot-com slash joined today
