Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts so
the founder and CEO of Papa John's has
stepped down from his position now this
is following a Forbes report indicating
that last May during a conference call
John Schnatter
I like a shoe matter that is how his
name should be pronounced this sucks so
much because I really liked Papa John's
Pizza I mean back in the day until I
found out who this guy is but
nonetheless he was on this conference
call and the whole point was to kind of
coach him on how not to be racist in
public because he had hurt the business
considerably by making public statements
that were offensive there was the
example of him chiming in on the whole
NFL kneeling protest and after that
happened the stock price for Papa John's
went down and so they wanted him to do
this comeback where he would be coached
he'd be a little smarter and he would
fine-tune his messaging but during the
call he said some pretty offensive
things which I'll read to you in just a
minute and that led to the company that
they hired to help him out with this
just dropping the company dropping Papa
John's and then finally after the Forbes
report he decided I'm gonna step down
I'm a disaster he didn't say that I put
that in there ok so during the call he
was asked how he would distance himself
from racist online groups and he
responded by downplaying the
significance of his NFL statement and he
said Colonel Sanders called blacks and
words and he said the actual word right
and so basically he's saying like why
don't I get to say it if Colonel Sanders
can call them then why can't I say
things like that that's not really
helping the situation so looked at the
PR company dumping their client is
extraordinary they actually had to do
layoffs and lost 10% of their workforce
because there was such a big contract
but they did it because they they have a
conscious that's fascinating it gets
worse it gets worse I have to read the
other one before we run out of time he
also referred
acted on his early life in Indiana where
he said people used to drag
african-americans from trucks until they
died he apparently intended for the
remarks to convey his antipathy to
racism but multiple individuals on the
call found him to be offensive well he's
like what look I'm not even dragging him
behind my truck and people are still
complaining but a nice piece of karma at
the end when the stock price went down
11% because of his comments he
personally lost seventy million dollars
and isn't that worth how's that for a
strike back on a racist comment pretty
good justice and now he's not even there
anymore two easy ways for Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
