during FBI agent Peter Struck's
testimony and also GOP hearings he had
an interaction with Louie Gohmert that I
found interesting and so Gohmert really
wants to hit struck hard because he
believes that struck has enough of a
bias to play a role in this alleged
witch-hunt of an investigation into
Trump and possible ties to Russian
meddling now that said take a look at
what Gohmert says - struck at the
beginning of this interaction and let me
tell you when you have text messages
mr. struck the way you do saying the
things you did you'd been better off
coming in here and say look that was my
bias and you kind of get around to that
a little bit when you say hey you know
everybody's got political views those
are called biases and we all have them
and you have come in here and said I had
no bias and you do it with a straight
face and I watched you in the in the
private testimony you gave and I told
some of the other guys he is really good
he's lying he knows we know he's lying
and they could probably pass polygraphs
well you know if you pass the polygraph
that means he's not lying I mean what
you couldn't believe or not believe in
polygraphs but if you believe in one and
even pass one that means you're not like
anyway so know there is a difference
between views and bias everybody has
political views but if it affects your
conduct of your official role then that
becomes a bias so for example I'm not a
big fan of Hillary Clinton but if I was
doing an investigation of Hillary
Clinton I would not let that affect me
and bias me I would try to stick to the
facts
whether it was as a prosecutor or in
whatever role it might be I would hope
that FBI officials would do the same
thing and it appears they have because
he clearly struck did not like Trump
really dislike Trump and he had
incredibly incriminating information
about how he might have been working
with the Russians during the campaign
and he didn't release it during the
campaign thereby helping Trump
tremendously
let me see that's his political views
not leading Tobias look let me just
remind everyone that leading up to the
election the FBI made it very clear that
there was one person being investigated
it was a public announcement that this
person was being investigated and that
person was Hillary Clinton Comey
reopened the investigation he decided to
go against his superiors and call a
press conference where he announced the
reopening of the investigation and it
was a public spectacle right on the
other hand there was reason to believe
because people like George papadopolis
were talking to all sorts of people
claiming that he had been in touch with
Russians there because of those
interactions there was reason to believe
that the Russians were involved in
Trump's campaign and so the FBI
you know implanted an informant to see
what was going on none of us knew about
that until recently because the FBI
didn't announce that there was no press
conference about it it was all top
secret so leading up to the election the
person who had the upper hand even
though he was also facing an
investigation was Donald Trump so it's
just fascinating to see members of the
GOP keep making this point about how you
know all this unfair stuff was going on
and I how can you how can this FBI
person be against Trump how was he part
of the FBI what a terrible buys it's all
political theater it's all BS okay look
Democrats are so weak you know that
Obama selected James Comey James Comey
is a lifelong Republican were or was
until Trump fired him and and worked
under John Ashcroft is his number two
yeah for his whole life he's been a
Republican but Obama brought him in and
said no that's okay he won't be biased
most of the FBI officials are
Republicans no that's occurring they
won't be biased and what did they do
they actually smeared Hillary Clinton
and you could say hey it was a
legitimate investigation but it was not
legitimate to say right before the
election we're reopening the
investigation right and even though they
knew that they had excellent as the
Trump campaign was working with Russians
they wouldn't say it so they were biased
against Hillary Clinton I got no love
for Hillary Clinton but that's what
actually happened
and what this Trump and the Republicans
do they flip it no even though all
evidence points to you being biased
against my opponent I will claim that
you're biased against me
meanwhile the Democrats nothing okay and
to be further Democrats they don't want
to rip the FBI to shreds they don't want
to destroy their credibility they
actually believe in our system of
government but there is a guy who's
being investigated who was a lifelong
criminal and doesn't believe in our
system of government and would like to
of course shred the people that are
investigating him he'd like to take down
the cops who are on the beat and that's
Donald Trump trying to take down the FBI
who's investigating him today all right
more from Gohmert a member of this
committee just asserted that this
witness was under oath and a former
agent of the FBI lied there is no
evidence that I asked him to withdraw it
I do not withdraw it he is not a member
of Congress it's not a violation of the
rule and just as you have been
expressing bias through your members
about what a huge was ever characterized
we had a man from Rhode Island gentlemen
time that's not just gentleman from
Rhode Island
no the disgraced mister this man has
done gentleman from Texas will suspend
for a moment is the disgrace and it
won't be recaptured anytime soon because
of the damage you've done to the justice
system and I've talked to FBI agents
around the country you've embarrassed
them you've embarrassed yourself and I
can't help but wonder when I see you
looking there with a little smirk so how
many times did you look so innocent into
your wife's eyes and lied to her about
the people that make decisions for us so
stork was struck was having an affair
with the other FBI agent and they were
exchanging these texts that's where
these texts come from and so Gomer
brought his affair into
and talked about how he lied to his wife
and but to be fair to go home or go he
has been livid about the dozens of
Affairs that Donald Trump has had
including paying off stormy Daniels a
porn star
very recently and maybe doing campaign
finance violations while having
unprotected sex with an adult film star
and and also the one with Karen McDougal
and possibly Sarah Bouchard and the
abortion that she got but Gohmert was
out oh right oh I'm just getting in now
there's no AFP but still good no it's
never been outraged by any of that never
cared bravo Trump way to cheat on your
wife way to lie to her way to lie to
everyone else
wait the line to the whole country but
now that I got a guy who sent a couple
of texts that I don't like oh I am
shocked and chagrined do you have
breunig opinion they all have political
opinions the question is does it affect
their work let's see mark well then why
wouldn't you wait until the
investigation was over before you have
her the nominee and winning a general
election against an opponent that hadn't
even been named yet a hundred million to
zero agent struck that's how bad she
should win mr. gowdy those personal
expressions of my observing the
political process of the presidential
primaries had no bearing on my actions
of any investigation to include the
investigation of Secretary Clinton who
couldn't thank or anybody else a single
person that would not vote for Hillary
Clinton for president 100 million to
zero so it was clearly hyperbole which
well let's say it was hyperbole let's
divide it by 10 how about we say it was
hyperbolic and divided by 10 100 million
divided by 10 I'm pretty sure is 10
million zero divided by 10 is still zero
you couldn't think of a single solitary
person that was going to vote for her
for president before you interviewed her
and while you were supposed to be
investigating her congressmen clearly
that's not the truth clearly I could
envision millions of Americans who are
likely and did vote further then well
you wrote it my point sir did you write
it did you write that I did write that
sir okay
you want a direct physical expression
engaging in hyperbole look at this
ingenuous that is does anyone really
believe that struck thought literally
it'll be a hundred million to zero no I
definitely I think it was literal what
did you ride it did you ride it did you
ride it yeah he wrote it as a joke you
come on if you're a Republican or a
right-winger you think that he meant
that it'll literally be a hundred
million to 0 Y is gaudy wasting time on
this and the Gaudi supposed to be one of
the ones that are like sometimes tweak
Trump and and then people get all mad
know when it comes to the cameras are on
they're all trying to desperately give
their bananas to Trump Oh
mr. Trump I know
gaudy did how many investigations of
Obama and how many investigations of
Hillary Clinton when the Republicans
were in charge of Congress and that an
Obama was president and in all of them
up oops
turns out there's nothing that they did
wrong but I'll launch another one I
think they did nine and Benghazi every
single one concluded even led by
Republicans that there was no law
breaking nothing wrong etc but let's do
another one cuz I want to be on camera
and I want my base to know I'm as stupid
as they are 100 million to zero you
wrote it I am outraged do you have any
idea how many Republican members of
Congress have personally invested
hundreds of thousands of their own
dollars into private prison companies
and then turn around and support laws
that criminalize nonviolent behavior of
Americans throughout the country so they
can be arrested prosecuted and
imprisoned in these private prisons so
they can make some money I would argue
that that type of conflict of interest
is more of a bias that that really
influences the decision-making that they
do while they're supposed to be
representing the American people
there's no hearings on that we're having
hearings on an FBI agent who is not part
of the Moller investigation MO at all
he's not part of the Moller
investigation and and having
conversations and hearings about his
text where he was joking Wow ladies
gentlemen you got him are you gonna
investigate at to Anna's point your own
colleagues and say is it
little biased of you to be ruling on
criminal justice when you make money
every time the stock price goes up for
private prisons no hearings on that two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
