an X Apple engineer has been arrested in
fact he was arrested while he was at the
airport attempting to leave the country
and go to China because Apple has reason
to believe that he was stealing the
company's data and information on
autonomous cars so of course they have
their own trade secrets their own
driverless car technology and it appears
that this former engineer was trying to
sell that data and information to a
Chinese based tech firm so he started
working at Apple in December of 2015 and
he has been accused of downloading files
that included engineering schematics
schematics and technical reports before
leaving to work for X Motors
it's called X Motors as well so just
putting that out there anyways okay so
okay so let me give you more information
on this at the time of his arrest he
said he was working for a Chinese
startup that is also developing
autonomous vehicles I mean he's already
said some pretty incriminating things
he's gonna be put away for ten years
that's my guess that's the max he can
get yeah and look the government takes
this stuff super seriously yeah the FBI
was investigating yeah you steal from
regular folks okay you steal from giant
corporations you're in a lot of trouble
friend and so they did a lot of them
that on them and then and then to get
this guy so they're like how that's
weird he was on leave and then he went
to China even though he didn't tell us
he was going to China but we found out
later and then all of a sudden he starts
downloading all this information from
the Apple servers and then we see him on
video walking over it away with like a
box and keyboards etc and and and they
caught him and he's like wow yeah that's
okay and I'm gonna go to China a month
from now and then he starts to sneak on
a plane and apples like FBI go get him
right and I just don't
yeah and they nab him at the airport I
just don't I don't get it right like so
he was one of the Apple engineers that
had it good right so there was a very
select group of people who had access to
this information and he was part of that
group so that meant
that he was valued he was important in
the company he got a huge amount of time
off for paternity leave right like
you're living the life dude like just
enjoy it and don't be a bad person
like don't go off and try to sell you
know the company's secrets to a
competitor in China was it Hulk Hogan
who you say don't be a bad guy be a good
I mean no you know what it is it's the
same all over greed I know
endless greed you have an amazing job
and by the way Apple didn't want to
getting out that they even built a
working out autonomous cars but now it's
out cuz they had to arrest this guy
publicly and by the way they should I
think Apple did the right thing you
can't just have workers go and steal the
things that everybody at the company
worked on that's worth a ton of money
and then just bring it over to then add
to the next company and that has
consequences so it is what it is and and
I am impressed by their than the
redundant us yes yes I mean they used
surveillance let's go to graphic 1021
days before his resignation his Apple
Network activity increased exponentially
authorities alleged that sang had
downloaded copious pages of information
from various confidential databases
records and closed-circuit TV footage
also showed him entering the autonomous
car software in Hardware labs he had
even downloaded some of the some of this
information to his wife's private
computer yeah so at first he said no I
didn't take anything like that then they
showed them the video and he's like yeah
okay well fine I took it but you know I
was just gonna work on it from home dude
you're already leaving the company ok so
he's not very done that undone they got
him yesterday the post-game I explained
the origin of than the London and then
Bill then and in fact we even figured
out it's
dan Anna no wait no you see I got the
banana thing wrong anyway check out
yesterday's postgame TYT calm slice join
for me to actually get the Mission
Impossible song right
what was the banana thing that wasn't it
too easy wasteful young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
