after Sacha Baron Cohen is coming out
with a new movie it's titled who is
America it's actually not a movie or is
it
it's a Showtime it is a Showtime show I
apologize so he's coming out with the
Showtime show and there are
conservatives who are very upset about
it namely Sarah Palin because he tricks
them into thinking that he is a disabled
veteran and then he meets up with them
to talk to them and has them do all
sorts of funny thing so just to give you
an example here is his interaction with
Dick Cheney former vice president
Victini is it possible to assign my
waterboard jerk that's the first that's
first time I've ever signed a water book
no except that I love and he's been
doing this for a long long time as le G
you might know it was boring my name is
algae there's a bunch of characters
obviously that he does my favorite from
the old allergy was Newt Gingrich where
he kept having him spell his name and
and Newt was so bothered cuz he's like
you should already know me but he got
under his skin because of his ego and it
was a perfect way to get under his skin
and he's like what spell it again that's
and is it just G ing I love that I love
that he got chained to sign the water
work it I gotta say though posing as a
disabled veteran Oh about that okay so
it's a show it's a comedic show and I
feel like I've always feel uncomfortable
whether it's a joke that you know
offense progressives or a joke the
defense could service I hate policing
comedy I just I don't agree with it
but I had the same reaction where it's
like disabled veteran but I look I don't
really want to get into that
conversation because again I think
comedy should be allowed to be comedic
right yeah have a wide berth and now I'd
be curious to see what conservative
online reaction is I get the
Conservatives in Washington will be
outraged they're outraged by everything
but the Conservatives online they say
hey banned liberals judge comedians too
much they do say that right they say hey
you guys are being too politically
correct I mean I hope you guys aren't
gonna be politically correct right right
and that certainly is in some cases a
valid criticism right so anyway let's
get that out of the way because I want
to talk about what Sarah Palin's
reaction was because it plays into you
know the projection that we see from the
right wing over and over again so here's
what she had to say she posted about it
on Facebook because apparently she was
also victimized by Sacha Baron Cohen she
was duped and she says so
she says yep we were duped you got me
Sasha feel better now I join a long list
of American public personalities who
have fallen victim to the evil
exploitative sick humour of the British
comedian Sasha Baron Cohen enabled and
sponsored by CBS Showtime she continues
to write that or say that she and her
daughter traveled across the country to
meet Cohen in disguise while he was in
disguise of course she says that she
experienced an interview full of
Hollywood isms disrespect and sarcasm
and that she removed her microphone and
left okay so I am amused by the idea
that Sarah Palin would going this guy
she like oh yeah then that I'm done
right back at you just take it easy like
like she it really got to her man oh
yeah yeah she did she know like that so
and again I don't know if this part is
true if it is this is gratuitous there
she claims that that the staff then
drove her to the wrong Airport on
purpose so they would miss their flight
back to Alaska I don't trust anything
Sarah Palin says so I don't know if
that's true or untrue if it was true
though I would I'd be bothered by them
yeah me to tell your daughter and you
got her for the show you don't need to
rub it in and and do that move but
anyway but we don't know if that's true
now is Sasha Baron Cohen evil as Sarah
Palin suggests well I guess it depends
on your perspective but let me give you
a sense of who this guy is
he's Orthodox Jew and has given over a
million dollars to help Muslim
immigrants refugees I should say okay so
now if you're a right-wing are you by
God I can't believe he's helping Muslim
refugees if you're a decent person you
go see now that's an open-minded guy who
has done something incredibly
magnanimous to help the most powerless
and and downtrodden people in the
country you know in the world I should
say those refugees that are absolutely
devastated so he put his money where his
mouth is and both him and his wife have
done incredible charity so keep that in
mind as well
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
