migrant families are now being reunited
thanks to two federal judges that
demanded that Trump do so and stop this
zero tolerance policy of prosecuting
everyone who tries to seek asylum while
simultaneously separating them from
their children now we're hearing some
pretty devastating stories about what
it's like to be reunited with children
especially extremely young kids who
unfortunately don't recognize their
parents anymore because they've been
separated for such a long period of time
so just to give you some examples this
is according to reporting from the New
York Times when the reunions finally
happened on Tuesday of this week in
Phoenix the mothers were met with cries
of rejection from their children one
mother said my three-year-old son didn't
recognize me my joy turned temporarily
to sadness so he was pushing back and
and saying that he wanted
I want miss I want miss the child cried
and that's referring to the social
worker who had been taking care of them
so what I was looking at this story look
I look for bias - even in the case of a
you know against Trump or conservatives
and I I'm a parent so I thought if the
kids above the age of five ain't not
gonna forget his parents right under the
age of five that easily could happen so
I thought that before I read the details
so then you read the details and no and
and in both cases it was a
three-year-old and that easily could
happen the second three-year-old story
is even more devastating but but the
first three-year-old story this one
there for four months is an eternity for
a three-year-olds right and and this
happens sometimes with parents who die
the kids never remember the parents and
it and it's man it is heartbreaking but
you take a three-year-old away for four
months he's not gonna remember it's
possible that he's not gonna remember
his mom Jesus Christ and I got a restart
a relationship and the mom knows the kid
but the kid doesn't know the mom Oh what
have we done that's why this is
monstrous yeah it really is so let's
talk about the second case that was
outlined by the New York Times and I
made a mistake I said that the first
child said
I want miss I want miss that was
actually this child that I'm about to
talk about right now so Milka Pablo's
three-year-old daughter Darlie screamed
and tried to wiggle free from her
mother's embrace and how she was doing
that she kept saying I want miss I want
miss and miss refers to the social
worker that it was apparently working
with this child while she was in one of
these detention centers for children and
okay and they think that you know
oftentimes what happens is they think
the children that they were detained
with are their siblings and they keep
asking for their siblings but of course
they're not the siblings and it's it's
just a devastating situation is why you
don't take four kids on a five away from
their parents it's crazy but you know
what actually the worst story is the
last one so some of the parents were
allowed to explain to the kids that
they're going to be separated and
they'll see them again some of the
parents were not allowed to do that
so in one case a father was separated
from his three-year-old never got to
tell him why all of a sudden boom the
kids gone now that's terrorizing to the
to the dad but for the kid it's it's the
way worse and in detention the kids
stopped talking he just he clammed up
and he wouldn't talk when they brought
the kid back and finally United him with
his dad he wouldn't leave his dad's arms
no matter what they did he wouldn't
leave his dad's arms so that's the story
of where he did recognize his dad but if
they still haven't gotten him to talk
yet and he wouldn't even take toys he
just wouldn't leave is that my god what
have we done and right now there are
still dozens of parents they have not
been able to locate to match the kids
and some of them might have already been
deported
these fools I mean in almost every
instance you when you're separated from
anything it when you're separating from
your baby at a hospital when they're
first born you have the tags to make
sure that you don't lose the baby and
the parent and one of our listeners made
a good point he said when you go into
into prison they actually take your
wallet your
watch etc and they make sure to tag it
dude didn't make sure to because a
system in place they don't care they
don't care look for all the all the
criticism that people on the Left get
for being bleeding hearts and and
focusing too much on empathy and
compassion I mean just think some on the
right not all because there were
Republicans who criticized this there
were conservatives who criticizes but
extreme right-wingers that are
supportive of this whole zero tolerance
policy I mean no humanity right don't
have no humanity don't care about
what'll happen to these kids to these
parents like just think about just for
one second put yourself in the shoes of
a mother or a father who gets their
three-year-old taken away from them I
mean they come to the border
I get it maybe you totally disagree with
the the immigration maybe you don't want
them here alright fine we disagree on
that but can we at least agree that it's
incredibly cruel to separate these kids
these small children from their parents
no and apparently we can't I mean we
showed you the videos from the Trump
rallies where they're like oh there's
flu crying about it and of course
Lewandowski former campaign manager
Trump on on TV said womp womp about a
ten year old with Down syndrome
separated from their mom out of a
hundred and two kids that were under the
age of five only a third of them have
been returned by the deadline they say
their effort in another third or so and
like I said there's a couple of dozen
that they're like I don't know we have
the kids but we don't know where their
parents are and yes and the judge is
asking them these the you're in court
here I gave you a deadline for returning
the kids where are the kids were the
parents and the Justice Department goes
well for some of them we have no idea
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
