Donald Trump's Supreme Court pick Brett
Kavanaugh is now of course being looked
into
reporters are looking over his financial
filings which of course these had to do
as a judge and they have found that his
financial situation is very different
from previous Supreme Court justice
nominations and most of that has to do
with the debt that he's incurred for
purposes like sporting events and the
fact that when it comes to his assets
based on what he has disclosed he
doesn't appear to be as wealthy as other
judges have in the past so this is just
information that I found interesting I
wanted to share with you guys now this
information is also verified by Raja who
is a press secretary for Donald Trump
and he has given some explanations in
regard to the debt that he had incurred
so the Supreme Court nominee incurred
tens of thousands of dollars in debt
credit card debt specifically for
baseball tickets over the past decade
and at times reported liabilities that
could have exceeded the value of his
cash accounts and investment assets okay
so Cavanaugh's most recent financial
disclosure forms reveal assets between
$15,000 and $65,000 that's not a lot I
mean it's a lot for the average person
but it's not a lot for someone who's
worked as a federal judge right yeah
that's a tiny amount for a federal judge
to have and there's some there's two
weird things about this story but let's
give you all the details and I'll tell
you what what I think is weird sure so
let's talk a little bit more about the
debt and you're gonna notice that
there's a lot of disparity between the
amounts that it could be and it's
because these financial disclosure forms
you know don't require you to give you
exact amounts they give you ranges so in
2016 Kavanagh reported having between
$60,000 and $200,000 in debt occurred
over three credit cards and a personal
loan each credit card held between
$15,000 to $50,000 in debt and a thrift
savings plan loan between $15,000 and
$50,000 now we know that some of that
debt was used for home improvement per
but we don't know exactly how much of
that amount now the credit card debts
were paid off in 2017 according to the
filings which do not require details on
the nature of the source of the payments
also he lists just two kinds of assets
unspecified accounts held with Bank of
America and his wife's retirement fund
from employment in Texas and it totals
between $15,000 and the $65,000 yes so
all right let's get into a couple of
weird parts he just paid it off so is
that why he's down to 15 to 65 did he
you know if it was up to 200 did he have
265 and he just paid off where'd he get
all that money to pay off the credit
card debt that's the smallest part of
the story maybe he just had accumulated
it and paid it back it could be totally
normal alright it's weird that they were
voluntarily reporting this I know that
they have to have it out anyway so they
maybe they're just getting out ahead of
the story and maybe that's and when you
get out ahead of a story you want to
emphasize the thing that's most positive
to you so they are emphasizing look at
how little money he has you see how he's
an average guy now he's not an average
guy his family was well established in
Washington DC went to one of the best
private schools in Washington DC went to
Yale Yale Law School another wrong with
that but he's not a regular Schmo and he
worked for Republican politics
politicians for a long time and so he is
deeply and he's deeply pro-establishment
in fact Fox News on-air personality
called him out for that and said he is
the swamp he is the establishment so
don't get tricked into like oh poor guy
coming from a middle-class background
etc no I mean he was he was already
working in law when Bill Clinton was
facing impeachment he was working with
Ken Starr at the time yeah so but the
weirdest part of the story is how much
money he spent on baseball tickets
that's super weird I mean you're gonna
accrued tens of thousands of dollars in
in debt because of you like to really
really like to go to baseball games and
and take your friends to baseball games
I smell something fishy
there so I like my friends no I'm not
gonna wreck up $17,000 a debt taking
guys of the ballgame that's insanity or
37,000 or 57,000 the only way that you
rack up that kind of debt taking people
to the ball game is if it has some
business implications right so I'd like
to see who his so-called friends are
that he took to those baseball games and
he paid off his debt I mean everything
was paid off by 2017 and remember we've
reported on how you know the retiring
Supreme Court justice has had lengthy
ties with Donald Trump and his family I
mean I'm sure that these types of
conversations regarding who would
replace him took place last year and so
I don't know look this is this is
speculation on my part so I want to be
fair and honest about that but it is
these numbers do seem weird especially
considering how long he's been a judge
and and when you compare that to how
much other judges had you know in assets
by the time that they were uh nominated
as Supreme Court but I want you guys
understand when we say something is
speculation we're trying to be clear
that hey hit look we know the facts
about the credit card debt etc and then
here's our analysis of it but that
analysis is from a lot of experience in
covering politics so the White House
does not in any white house does not
volunteer bad information about a
Supreme Court nominee because they just
wanted to be honest with the American
people like oh by the way you probably
not going to catch this but let me tell
you some damaging information no that
means likely there was a more
significant story that was about to come
out about that issue yes right yes and
that's normally how politics works so
we're gonna get out ahead of the story
right so I don't know if there's more
damaging stuff coming but I know that
spending tens of thousands of dollars
for baseball C baseball tickets for your
so-called friends is not normal this guy
is a political operative his whole life
before becoming a judge worked with Karl
Rove work done with Jeb Bush George Bush
and and the list can star and the list
goes on and political operatives take
people to the ball game for political
reasons and business reasons it's not
like he's just taking the guys out to
the game non-stop so just understand
that that spin is likely to be enormous
nonsense and I'd like to know what the
reality of who he took to the games on
why two easy ways for the Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
