Donald Trump is in Brussels meeting with
NATO allies for the NATO summit and the
summit began with conflict right off the
bat which was expected considering some
of the statements that Trump had made
prior to traveling to Brussels now there
was a heated exchange between Donald
Trump and the nATO Secretary General
Stoltenberg stone Berg has been very
nice and complimentary toward Trump
because it is my suspicion that he
understands that's the only way that you
could potentially get through to Trump
in some way and so even through this
very combative exchange you can see that
Stoltenberg is trying to negotiate with
Trump with a cool calm you know head
intention and and Trump fights back by
arguing that Germany happens to be a
puppet for Russia so we're gonna we're
gonna get to the details of that I'm
gonna break it down for you in just a
minute but first let's take a look at
the first part of this exchange so if
you go back 10 or 20 years you just add
it all up it's best if amounts of monies
of the United States as they
and stepped up like nobody this has
gotten out for decades by the way this
has gone on for many presidents but no
other president like I bring it up so
again that goes along with what Trump
has been saying the u.s. pays too much
our allies pay too little to be fair to
Trump as we mentioned yesterday you know
our allied countries promised to
increase their spending on NATO back in
2014 after Russia had annexed Crimea and
they have not followed through on that
specifically Germany Germany said that
they would increase the spending to
about 2% of their gross domestic product
and they have not done that they
promised to do about 1.5 percent by 2024
and the only reason why they promised to
increase it is because Trump has
pressured them to increase the amount
they pay now to be fair the European
allies they had actually been increasing
all along even before Trump came in but
I do believe Trump's pressure did help
to to ratchet that up and so what we try
to give credit where credit is due but
there's a line between strength and
bullying so if just Trump just stuck
with strength and handle this behind the
scenes and maybe tweaked them in front
of the scenes etc and got them to
increase their percentage is fine but
now of course because he can't help
himself because that's who he is he
reserves a public humiliation and
bullying and embarrassing everyone at
the table and you know there's a
breaking point and at some point it's
good they're gonna break and they're
gonna do what is logical which is okay
well then I guess if you're not our ally
we're gonna go find other allies
especially economic partners and there's
a very serious consequence to this as
well another thing he can't help himself
with of course as always is no other
president was doing it and now I'm doing
shut up already Jesus Christ I mean
everything is a stupid brag what a silly
child and so my guess is that at some
point one of the other foreign leaders
is gonna snap and justifiably so
and while the Trump is going around
doing is bullying act they're gonna
stand up in public Merkel did it a
little bit here but it is a tiny tweak
one of them is gonna stand up and say
why don't you
shut up already you always run your
mouth and you never know what the hell
you're talking about I don't know if any
of them will go that far although they
should but somebody's gonna punch back
and and then he's gonna get his feelings
hurt
and then we're gonna have huge issues
and and you can't discount the allies
who stood by our side after we were
attacked and that's the whole point you
know after 9/11 that the biggest
terrorism attack in the United States
history and and it's just interesting to
see a u.s. leader u.s. president turned
his back on these individuals or these
countries I should say after you know
they have supported us historically have
supported us in in various situations
okay with that said though let's now go
to Dalton Berg's response to trump we
don't have to do more I agree with you
that we have to make sure that the good
news is that have started to list more
in the fence
purchase constitute have billions to the
transporters and lost tales the biggest
is in defense spending tourism in a
generation
why was that well here is also because
of your leadership because the actual
message
I have said it before and another thing
is that it really has its if your
message is having an impact and that we
are going to build on that to make sure
that further increases the US military
presence here helps to protect Europe
this also helps to not estate projects
power to Africa
the Blitz without also is helpful
dealing with with its what a pathetic
child and what was that why was that Oh
mr. president also because of your
pressure yes yeah but they won't write
that the media won't write that hey
child focus this is our most important
alliance can you focus on that for a
second other than yourself no he can't
because he's pathological he's a
narcissist unlike anyone I have ever
seen in public before so how's the right
way to do it or wrong way to do it right
way to do it is yeah we've got a lot of
strength and leverage in America and you
want to get them to pay up more you
exert pressure and you do it in a strong
way that's fine what part of that
involves having to kiss your ass like if
you say hey I'm gonna use American power
to deliver for American voters citizens
etc great I want a president that's
strong but if you said book it oh so you
got to tell everybody hates it's me it's
me
then you're pathetic man it's it's sad
watching this guy every day looking for
he's so insecure how can you not see it
he's like the weakest man oh look
there's somebody give me credit and
ironically ironically he could have used
that moment to really prove or you know
prove what he thinks of himself which is
that he is strong that he is a good
leader that he is a good negotiator
because if you listen to what
Stoltenberg said by the way in an effort
to finally get Trump to cooperate he was
very conciliatory he was conceding
exactly what Trump wanted right you want
more money to be poured into NATO into
this alliance and we are we are going to
do that it's because of your leadership
but what Trump does is you're right Genk
he appears to be even more of a child by
constantly wanting validation and credit
and then on top of that the way that
he's about to respond to Stoltenberg you
see in the video that I show you I think
it pushes people to not want to
negotiate with Trump to not ever want to
concede with Trump because essentially
when you do agree with Trump or when you
do concede to Trump he
ends up looking at you as if you're weak
and then he doubles down he attacks even
further so to prove my point here is the
next part of this exchange where he
starts talking about Germany's relations
with Russia take a look
when Germany makes a massive oil and gas
deal with Russia you're supposed to be
guarding against Russia and Germany goes
out and pays billions and billions of
dollars a year to Russia so we're
protecting Germany were protecting
France were protecting all of these
countries and numerous of the countries
go out and make a pipeline deal with
Russia with Russia so we're supposed to
protect you against Russia but they're
paying billions of dollars to Russia and
I think that's very inappropriate and
the former Chancellor of Germany is the
head of the pipeline company that's
supplying the gas ultimately Germany
will have almost 70 percent of their
country okay so I have a lot to say
about this I do want to preface it
though by saying that the pipeline is a
bad idea for for numerous reasons
however Trump attacking Germany for
having any type of economic tie to
Russia is ridiculous especially when you
consider that the United States did a
considerable amount of trade in energy
with Russia during the Cold War so I'll
give you the the facts and you know
details on that in just a minute but
Jake I want you to jump in all right so
first of all in another party said
Germany as far as I'm concerned is
captive to Russia because it's getting
so much of his energy from Russia
that's the Missy Elliott strategy flip
it and reverse it so he was accused of
having fake news help him win the
election in 2016 which was absolutely
true positively no question about it the
fake news was overwhelmingly on the side
of Donald Trump in the right wing and
what did he do he flipped it and
reversed it and he's like no I'm not the
fake news dude the fake news which by
the way of course another childish thing
oh yeah it doesn't
economy goes on you or whatever the kids
say about robber in blue okay so and in
this case I'm not captive to Russia
alright Jesus Christ
alright now the part that is valid is
that girl former German Chancellor
Gerhard schr√∂der has a very questionable
deal with the Russians he right before
he left office and after he was voted
out in that interim period he made a
deal for this pipeline with the Russians
that he goes over immediately afterwards
starts working for the Russians that's
crazy that's crazy he now is the head of
Ross Neff the largest gas company in gas
and oil company in Russia so now but the
important part is widest Trump care you
know so some of the articles rightly
point out oh you know this circumvents
some of our Eastern European allies like
Poland and Ukraine let's pause to think
about whether Trump would give a damn
about that he does not and just to you
know buttress your point I mean he seems
to support the Russian annexation of
Crimea and he makes make sure to mention
that the reason he supports it is
because there's a lot of
russian-speaking people in Crimea I mean
come on
yeah so I believe the actual reason the
Trump's opposed to that deal is because
we had a giant deal with Rosneft exxon
mobil did and i told you about that many
many times and that was a half a
trillion dollar deal but its revenue
could equal up to nine trillion dollars
it was an enormous deal with the
Russians so apparently we and in in this
case the right-wing and the Republican
Party and Donald Trump doesn't mind
making a deal with the Russians
apparently he didn't think it would make
us captive to Russia as he just accused
the Germans of being it's just that he
wanted the deal and not that he didn't
want the Germans to get it so that's why
he brings it up now right and also you
know just to give some credit to our
allies and and others who believe that
this pipeline deal is a really bad idea
you know it it essentially does
make Germany a lot more dependent on on
Russia so according to reporting Germany
is Russia's biggest export market in
Europe for gas with the dependency that
may grow further once this Nord Stream 2
is finished this is by the way the
second pipeline so this will again
increase the dependency that Russia that
Germany has on Russia for oil now moving
forward why are other allies concerned
about this well let's take a look at
what happened several years ago let's go
to graphic 5 amid the fallout over the
Russian annexation of Crimea Russia cut
off Ukraine's gas supplies for weeks in
what Kiev said was an attempt to
blackmail Ukraine EU pressure on Russia
helped to eventually solve the conflict
so that EU pressure is important and
that included Germany right but if
Germany is very very dependent on Russia
for its energy for its oil then it's
less likely to be as vocal in supporting
countries like Ukraine yes so I'm
concerned about that I'm concerned about
what appears to be brazen corruption by
the former leader of Germany and but I
don't think that Trump's concerns are
the same as ours
I can't imagine he's like oh my god
what's gonna happen to our ally Poland
no no couldn't care less right and is he
like wait this appears to be corruption
I'm really concerned about corruption in
a different country come on I'm very
worried about right all right so final
part of this was Stoltenberg response
and in it just pay close attention about
what he says regarding trade because it
is relevant take a look
different views and also some
disagreements under
to determine a small issue we're allies
that disagree but the strength of NATO
is that despite these differences we
have always been able to unite around
our force to protect and defend each
other people understandably are stronger
together than I think we are stronger
together than to form standing its
energy from the person you want
rejection against because they
understand that when we stand together
also in dealing with Russia and we are
stronger I think what we have seen is
that you just making Russia richer well
that's the element we're making right
which you didn't even in the Cold War
made on us were trading with Russia
there have been disagreements about what
part of a Arrangements we should
I think is wonderful I think energy is a
whole different story okay so I know
it's amazing
what's Oldenburg said there was 100
percent accurate though because European
allies along with the United States did
trade with Russia with the USSR during
the Cold War and by the way traded oil
okay let's this is insanity it nothing
he said makes any sense yeah so have we
traded with Russia or other people that
we consider not our allies not our
direct allies before and now all the
time all the time we have hundreds of
billions of dollars in trade with China
with Russia we do not just Germany not
just the European countries we do in
fact Donald Trump just lifted sanctions
on the Chinese companies ZTE which we
were worried was spying in on us and
causing national security problems for
us etc etc so what happened to oh you
can't or will you want protection from
them but now you're doing trade with
them yes you could do both of those
things at the same time you could be
concerned about Putin you could be
concerned about China and still do some
degree of trading Germany needs that
energy they gotta get it from somewhere
you we might not be happy with that deal
but of course any trading partners the
energy in Europe is dwindling as a
resource they have to get it from
somewhere else and that leads to the
final irony which is that Trump wants to
do an energy deal with Russia
what's Ross left so he oh I could
understand everything but but not energy
then I come you what did you do energy
deal with Russia what an unbelievable
liar right and and he says at one point
in that exchange he said so explain that
and it can't be explained and you know
that no it could easily be explained if
you weren't a child if you did any
homework if you cared about your job and
you cared about anything relating to the
American people and actually looking out
for our interests reminds me of a Bill
O'Reilly with tides going tides go out
you can't explain that yes we can we
have scientists that explain it in this
case this is simple economics anyone can
explain it if you bother to study it for
one minute and finally the most
important part of all
this is constantly questioning the
Alliance itself for whatever imagined or
real reasons you're not paying enough of
your bill you're doing a trade deal I
don't like etc etc so now what is the
heart of an alliance don't attack any of
these countries otherwise we are an
alliance and we will counter-attack or
defend ourselves against you if now our
adversaries think they're not really
going to defend each other and they have
internal dissension now Trump is calling
into question the entire alliance
Estonia is in NATO Estonia has a lot of
native Russian speakers that's Trump
logic okay
maybe I go take Estonia and see if
they're actually gonna stick together
well that's certainly got to be crossing
some people's minds and and if you have
an alliance where it is not rock-solid
that you guys are actually going to
defend each other then it's not a real
alliance and it encourages your enemies
bingo two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
