yesterday we spoke about a story
regarding a 91 year old Mexican man who
was in Los Angeles to visit his family
he was unfortunately violently attacked
by a woman who had a concrete brick we
didn't know why she attacked there was
one witness there who said that the
woman kept telling this man go back to
your country you don't belong here and
luckily the police have made an arrest
they have found the suspect
her name is Laquisha Jones she was
arrested Tuesday night in Los Angeles on
suspicion of beating Rodolfo Rodriguez
last week she was being held on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon with
bail set at $200,000 the witness who saw
everything said that there were a group
of men who joined in on the attack but
that the men were told false information
by the suspect
the woman had told the men that Rodolfo
was trying to take her child away her
little girl she has a four-year-old girl
apparently that was not the case and I'm
happy that there has been an arrest
because they had no leads as of
yesterday when we reported on the story
so Laquisha Jones is african-american we
don't know right now what the race of
the three or four men are right and so
we'll find out if you're wondering if
someone can be discriminatory against
others while being black the answer is
yes right and so the witness says that
Laquisha was yelling go back to your
country go back to Mexico so here we are
in The Hunger Games pitted against one
another and we're not looking up to see
who controls power we're looking down to
see who we can literally hit with a
brick underneath us yeah I mean again
this is a 91 year old man he's gonna
turn 92 in September and he is not a
threat at all we showed you the video of
you know what he looked like after the
attack and I want to show you again
because this is the consequence of hate
you have a powerless person an elderly
person being attacked for something that
he can't control he happens to be
Mexican and you
the results are horrific take a look so
that he was just walking to the park and
then the lady was walking with her
little girl and he had two ladies tap
the little girl by accident when he was
walking he was trying to get over them
and she just tossed him to the fore she
started beating him yeah he's got a
broken jaw
two broken ribs broken cheekbones and
and you could see the rest of the damage
there that's his grandson that he was
visiting he visits them fairly regularly
in America and he's known for taking a
walk around the neighborhood once a day
but this one obviously did not go as
others have and there's so much fear and
paranoia in the country now that I mean
but again that's definitely a huge
father story the other part of the story
is this particularly monstrous person
who thinks that it's okay to hit a 91
year old with a brick it's crazy I just
cannot comprehend it yeah it really is
what human beings are willing to do to
each other is a frightening thing and
and that's unfortunately one of the
consequences right there two easy ways
for young turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
