del Lamanna joins us he's candidate for
Congress in New York 19 he's running as
an independent that's interesting
del is a interesting guy in a lot of
different ways he's also tweezerman so
now before we get into your run which is
fascinating what is tweezerman Oh
tweezerman is the world's finest eyebrow
tweezers which I invented by accident 25
30 35 years ago mm-hmm so most women who
I am okay and so did that turn into a
big business it sounds like it might
have it turned into a rather big
business first of all it was successful
and right from the start and I did it in
an unusual way I practice responsible
capitalism I made my employees part
owners of the company they got 20% of it
and when I sold the company they kept
their jobs and walked away with twelve
million dollars to split amongst
themselves it was quite a run and Danny
was that's that story yeah I wish I knew
tweezerman back in the day how many
employees did you have that split that
12 million bucks in America I had 212 I
also had a factory in India was at where
I had two other partners an Indian and
an Italian and the in that factory which
we also sold we could we couldn't make
the employees on his so instead we gave
them a year's salary as a bonus plus
they kept their jobs which freaked them
out I mean a year's salary in India what
we and we had to do it in cash funny
story was in India the issue of women
not being treated equally not getting
the same pay where we paid our women the
same and so we had we had this event
where the nanoa came together and they
were going to quit because the women
were making the same amount as they were
and we you know we said to them
why do you care uh I mean you got the
best job in this area well we really
don't care about everybody's making fun
of us so we got the women together and
said hey you can't talk about how much
money you making here because not
everybody is doing so well and and it's
just causing trouble for the guys so
they worked that one out but when we
were giving away a half year salary a
year salary to everybody the Indian
owner said to me we can't give the women
a year salary and so why not he said
well because if you do either the father
or the boyfriend is going to take it
from them and be drunk for a year so the
way we work that one out is we gave them
a bond and 8% bond for 80 percent of it
and we gave him the rest in cash so that
no the father or boyfriend grabs the
cash you wouldn't know that there was
another 80 percent in a bond that you
know becomes part of their dowry so
tweezerman was an incredible and and to
this day is an incredible example of the
kind of businesses that should exist in
our world and exist for the benefit of
everyone not just the shell for the
benefit of the workers all right well
that's an excellent example so now let's
turn to politics which is what you're in
now why run as an independent not a
democratic if you're deeply progressive
I well I wouldn't say I'm deeply
progressive um I would say I'm practical
okay and and to be practical you have to
you know the two-party system isn't
working I did everything I could
back in the day when we were in 206 when
we were trying to stop the Iraq war and
all of us activists were out there doing
whatever we could and we flipped to
Congress from Republican to Democrat
both houses and the darkest didn't do
anything they didn't stop the war I I
was so frustrated by that back then I
actually ran for president in New
Hampshire in 2008 is just to take the
message directly to the people about the
situation in Iraq
and since then I've just lost faith and
either party mostly because of money in
politics and mostly because of what has
happened now is the leadership a speaker
for instance what is their job the job
isn't to put bills up and get things
done their job is to raise money for the
party so yeah I'm running against the
two-party system I'm also running for
Hudson Valley happiness which is really
why I'm running for the district just we
live in a great place up here and have
some Valley and we're pretty happy and I
want to keep it happy and I want to make
sure that everyone in here is happy so
that's my my basic platform and
everything Elias was can fit under that
you know you can't really get anything
done and so talking about all the things
that you stand for and what you want to
do no that's fine it's a nice exercise
that's what the Democrats did there were
seven of them and they all know great at
it and they they had their their
positions and what they would like to
see done but bottom line who's going to
get it done in this environment
nothing's gonna get done they couldn't
even get those kids stop them from
taking the kids away from their parents
because there's a law that requires them
to do it and the Congress couldn't
change the law or pass some kind of
ruling to stop the enforcement you had a
unique arrangement with a Democrat in
the race it was Jeff Beals he's a he was
just Democrat that was running in that
race
what was that arrangement well I
basically got said to Jeff that if he
won I wouldn't run I would I would back
him I know I knew of Jeff from the Iraq
war days because I was in Iraq basically
working to negotiate a ceasefire
arrangement between the Iraqi insurgents
and the coalition forces and Jeff was on
the inside he was a diplomat trying to
help construct an Iraqi government he
was very frustrated by the process
because he could he saw that there was
no intention for us to get out
Rock and and stop the war and he pretty
much quit and then moved on and instead
of going to work for Exxon or some kind
of like that he came to Woodstock here
and became a teacher real smart guy and
so I I looked at all the candidates and
and him in particular I said well a few
wins I won't run I was hoping he would
win because I you know being a member of
Congress there's no walk in the park I
mean it's a pain in the butt job and to
me it's more like doing public service
to go to be willing to go to Congress
and put up with it and try to get
something done mm-hmm
so he didn't win is he is he backing you
now well you know he's he's he's not
backing me publicly and I wouldn't
expect him to and there was another
candidate Brian Flynn who had he won I
probably wouldn't have run actually
after a while you know it was look so
what what what's happening now is I'm
out collecting signatures which is a
daunting task I have to get 5,000
signatures only need 3,500 but you got
to get 5,000 getting more so they can't
challenge you and knock you off the
ballot to get on the ballot I have until
July 20th to do that and I'm actually
running ads on the radio to get help and
hire people and where we've got 20 days
we got about 1,200 signatures so we're
on our way and we'll see what happens if
I don't get the signatures I'm not
running
if if I do then the fun begins
so doubt you you're a fascinating dude
and like your relative indifference
you're like well I mean if it happens
but I trust you I I do believe that you
will actually try to get money out of
politics trying to clean up the the yeah
I could you know it's people I'm
tweezing me and I'm oh you must have
millions of dollars how much you're
gonna put in the race um I'm just
funding my startup but I'm not it's this
is not about me buying a congressional
seat that is not what's happening here
yeah do you sometimes we shared that 12
million dollars back so you could spend
on things like this what twelve million
dollars the one
voice no way
oh my life Holly guys I can't you can't
believe what it was like when I was
handing checks out to my employees
people were buying houses they were
sending their kids to school they were
crying I was crying and this happened I
did this in 2004 so this is like you
know this this I was a pioneer there I
think of the American worker as a group
should own 10% of the companies that
they work for I think that should be a
policy that the government promotes so
that workers who were really the reason
why these companies are doing well
sharing the in the capital gains at the
end the other thing I think should
happen is that these productivity gains
that we see from robots and from AI
these large corporations you know what
happens you know the ownership the
people our own capital makes a lot more
money and what do the workers get they
get laid off what I'd like to see is I'd
like to see the workers share in the
success and instead of laying them off
basically pay workers a 40 hour a week
for 30 hours of work give them 10 hours
a week of free time now one of the
prices we have in America is all workers
don't have any time to spend with their
family and and I do this that I still
and I'm now have a company in Brooklyn
that I'm trying to turn around where we
we're not down to 30 hours a week but we
give them the employees we pay them 40
hours for the 37 and a half hour a week
so they have a half hour a day now free
time and they can come to work a half
hour later if they're dropping a kid off
to school you know go home on down
you're getting carried away now you
sound like a wonderful person Lamanna
for congress.com fortunately out of
tenant but I want everybody to make sure
that they've got your website lamar
hudson valley happiness calm hudson
valley happiness calm yeah that's not
they get to me right and and by god if
you work for dell you would definitely
be part of the Hudson
happiness that's for sure all right it
rise what lasagna okay there you have it
it rhymes with lasagna on top of
everything else sir man running for
Congress as an independent go get'em
tweezerman
