hey cops don't do this here's literal
child getting jujitsu death-grip by this
mall cop in Cobb County Georgia and to
make matters worse he knows the kids
young
listen here we got a perp he's 12 years
old that's the legal age where I will
mess you up kid I said to myself also
just for the record let's revisit why
this child is being detained a 2:00 to
7:00 is a Watson warrants check this cop
is at a mall doing a Watson warrants
check on a child he understands and
acknowledges is 12 years old for those
of you unaware watson warrants check is
conducted to figure out if the suspect
you're apprehending has an arrest
warrant issued like a bench warrant a
judge might sign for a person who fails
to show up to their court date how could
you a pretend a 12 year old in your
first thought is let's see if this
little boy has warrants out for his
arrest
also shouts out of his little boy not
gonna lie I would be dealing with the
situation much differently than he is
right now if an officer just latched on
to my arm like a goddamn perched Falcon
I mean he has the wherewithal to be like
listen officer I got my rights bitch
little man literally pulling am I being
detained on this dude hand brings a tear
to my eye
can you imagine continuing to hold on at
this point as the pressure builds around
you and you're surrounded by onlookers
with cameras coming to the realization
that maybe you mishandled the situation
by escalating it and at this point you
have two options you either back down
are you double down I wonder which way
this specific instance will go
no she's literally like I'll mind my
manners I know my rights please let go
of me how much more respectable can you
be in dealing with the cop here but alas
a second hero mall cop comes into the
fold and puts his hands on the aunty who
was very clearly upset but still
respectful leading up to this moment and
everything changes after that man
another day full of freedom in America
or the Cobb County Georgia mall is free
from the wrath of 12-year olds and their
aunties I sure feel safe
very cool Thank You officers now if you
look at this entire interaction and
think yeah they deserved it then you
might be beyond reason very obvious that
this person needs tremendous amounts of
training but also basic human empathy so
why is this cop treating a 12 year old
like a violent perp you might ask well
there are actual studies conducted on
the prevalence of white people
overestimating the age of black people
according to a study by the American
Psychological Association black boys as
young as 10 are often not viewed in the
same light of childhood innocence as
their white peers but are instead more
likely to be mistaken as older be
perceived as guilty and face police
violence if accused of a crime a similar
thing happened in a viral incident last
week dub cornerstone Caroline or a white
lady at a Brooklyn bodega accused a
nine-year-old black boy of groping her
how could you sit there look directly at
these two little bawling kids and
falsely accuse a nine-year-old of
grabbing your ass
that doesn't absolutely destroy your
heart you should go play in traffic
seriously and this seems like an issue
that happens all the time though like it
happened with Reggie Fields a 12 year
old who had cops called on him for
mowing the wrong part of a yard and
while most of these altercations go
unrecorded the fact that police officers
have a carte blanche approach to use
force even when dealing with children is
absolutely inexcusable at its lowest
impact you've created an environment of
hostility in the community you're tasked
with protecting and serving in most
unreported instances you also end up
putting these kids in the system when
they're just minors but in the worst
case scenarios the consequences can even
mean death like what happened with 12
year old Tamir rice whose murder
recently was rehired by another police
department only to quit after public
pressure I guess what I'm saying is
treat black children as regular children
please and practice a bit more empathy
everyone if you think police need
desperate reform now please share this
video with your friends leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
also catch me live at twitch every day
at which TV slash ha Sanaa be and don't
forget to support TYT by going to t
y-t-dot-com slash join this has been the
breakdown you like this video great
never miss another breakdown video by
hitting the subscribe button below and
also ring the bell to get notified
whenever we publish a new one
