now joining us in the studio is Thom
sterling he is this true Tom the first
person ever licensed to sell dope in
America yes I want to say it that way
yes all right so you made marijuana
legal in a sense I was a pioneer and I
was the first to break out and to have
the legal ability to create and
distribute marijuana centric products
okay so in fashion you got Versace and
marijuana you got sur la Qi there you go
yeah
so in a sense that you got lucky you
were in Denver Colorado and you guys
were the first to legalize right but so
what made you want to jump in right away
and get that first license well Jake I I
have a long career of being on a
bleeding edge of technology prior to
doing the marijuana thing I was doing
speech recognition you talk to your
phone at it types you talk to a computer
and it listens that's what I was doing I
got tired of corporate America after 38
years and I decided well what else is
happening and I started two companies an
alternative energy company and the
cannabis company I got the first license
and the cannabis company took on a life
of its own yeah I bet it did so you were
involved in both green rushes in both
green movements to make energy more
green and so in the case of marijuana
that's true yes true so maybe we can
call you mr. green so how did it take
off so so you so got gets legalized you
set up shop you get a license you're
legal did it was it a freight train did
all of a sudden business boom or no no
it didn't start like that it actually
started relatively slowly you actually
got a license to get in line to get a
license uh-huh and prior to House bill
1284 we were making stuff out of our own
kitchens and we were doing things that
were
legal but the legal compliances the
rules of regulations were just being
formulated you know I took a lot of
active steps into helping formulate that
I had four meetings with the marijuana
Enforcement Division I testified in
front of the house on child safety and
packaging and things like that as well
as bringing in a Hickenlooper group to
teach them so it was a learning on both
sides on the on our side as producers
and also on the people who are trying to
track and understand this from a
legislative perspective
yeah and for those of you unfamiliar
with Colorado Hickenlooper is not a
strain of weed it's the governor of
Colorado but I could see like hey can I
get a Hickenlooper hey so you go through
all that rigmarole but is it I still get
the sense that it's not a booming
business am i i but I have no idea
that's why I'm asking you well Jake I
you had an excellent question and that
is that we started medically with
licensing mm-hmm
so it took a couple years to get up to a
hundred thousand patients those were the
only people you can sell to so it didn't
like just take off and become a rocket
we were all just building brands we were
learning process procedure we were
trying to work with the powers to be if
you will to do things the right way and
the compliance way so it was a slow
start and if you would think about my
company was 80% penetration in the
market I had 80% distribution
distribution in the state of Colorado
mm-hmm you would think that that was
millions and millions of dollars a month
but when you do the numbers and say well
there's only this many patients there's
only as many dollars mm-hm but it was a
difficult thing to get yourself out
there and to continue to be on the good
side of the law so to speak right right
because they're always ringing it hard
here's what it's gonna get easy when big
corporations come in and then all of a
sudden they're gonna grease all the
politicians and we're off to the races
has that not happened yet yes it has and
it has more so from a licensing
perspective so Colorado for one had
unlimited licenses at least they have
for the first few years so that anybody
with the wherewithal to get involved and
the twelve thousand seventeen thousand
dollars can get a license but some of
the states had licenses limited from
anywhere from six to a hundred and
twenty six so that's where the people
with the clout with the backing with the
political know-how if you will started
getting these licenses because they
realize this is going to be a seventy
three billion dollar business by 2030
mm-hm so yes it's already started to
change and some of the big companies out
there like r.j. Reynolds anheuser-busch
Procter & Gamble Mont Saint there's a
lot of them out there Big Pharma they're
kind of sitting there not exactly idling
on the sidelines they're doing things to
get prepared to jump in that would what
I call phase three we're in phase two
right now so Monsanto is gonna go from
killing weeds to selling wheat I guess
okay I hope it's not Monsanto but you
know it's funny I was just gonna
literally make a joke about it how do we
have the anheuser-busch of weed yet and
it might be an azure bush it could very
well be ionized or bush right that's
interesting
so now we you got out of the actual
selling business and now you start a
different company before I get to your
company why'd you get out of the selling
business well I had four different
companies I did edibles I did
concentration I needed canna suit achill
supplements as well as vapor oils vape
pens the thing is that I'm not really a
general manager type I'm more the
cutting-edge type you know I like to go
where little where fewer or anyone has
gone before I don't want to read the
book I want to write the book Tom the
james t kirk we to go where no man has
gone before
so talk to me about canis cannabis one
that's your new company
so I sold all four of those divisions at
the end of 2017 because again the
day-to-day stuff is not what thrills me
there are so many challenges in this
industry people don't know what they
don't know who are trying to get into
this business you can learn it you know
but what it took me eight and a half
years to learn and maybe you could learn
it in half the time maybe the hundreds
of thousands of dollars that I spent
maybe you can do it for less money but
no one has that time we're at a point
now where this out of this seventy five
billion dollar industry the biggest
company only has three to four percent
so you see it still opened up for people
with great ideas who want to apply
themselves but why learn the mistakes
that we've already learned why not go
and you know introduce yourself learn
about people like myself who are
pioneers who have already done this you
can get there faster not only can you
lose hundreds of thousands of dollars
within a couple of months but you will
lose that ever shrinking window of
opportunity once that's gone it's gone
right and and there's definitely going
to be so cannabis one because I got the
first license I'm offering you know my
expertise and experience to help
companies get in people get in and
accelerate their learning curve so they
can be more successful
it's called cannabis one consulting.com
as a website cannabis horn consulting
calm felt that one yes you're not like
the hip kids who like to use the numbers
you actually spelled out one okay and
you look if anybody gets called
themselves cannabis one in a sense you
you you get to do that thank you
yeah so all right so did you get the
third kind of green when you sold the
four companies did you get it's a good
good cash out of that or I got a good
amount of cash out of it and I think
that some people hear the word marijuana
and they think you've got a Lamborghini
sitting next to your two Ferraris in
your garage
some people do make a significant amount
of money the people that I met starting
up most of
them have lost money most of them
basically spent the money but couldn't
keep up for a myriad of reasons and
that's why I have this company cannabis
one to help other people not make those
same mistakes is a regulatory thicket
and it's hard to get out of those weeds
and you know what jank
how many industries do you have do you
know where a $12 an hour person can shut
your door mm-hmm
yeah so all right then I'm gonna ask do
you just run the business or else.you
are you also a customer I have dabbled a
little bit I have dabbled a little bit
okay do you enjoy it a little bit I'm
kind of what you'd call it an infrequent
user mm-hmm you know maybe once a month
if I happen to be with people who are
doing it you know are people that work
with you with me or I know in the
business you know I'm not gonna be
stuffy and not yeah I mean you don't
wanna be stuffy okay when you say once a
month I hear once a week but that's okay
it's legal and all right you know in
California and Colorado etc all right
real quick last question if you had to
give one piece of advice to someone
starting in the cannabis business what
would it be
plan a very clear you have to have very
clear business plan you've got to stick
to that business plan no matter what of
course there's certain amount of
flexibility you have to have with any
business but because things move so fast
and change so quickly it's so easy to
get off track and to be distracted so
you really have to put a plan together
that's a workable plan you need to plan
for every possible misstep and don't
step in any potholes pun intended
okay he's got puns too otherwise your
business will go up in smoke all right
Tom sir la Chi thank you for joining us
canis burn cannabis one consulting.com
is the website we appreciate her brother
thank you my friend all right enjoy the
Mile High City
