hey everybody porto rico is a part of
the united states and if you don't think
so
you're an idiot here's an old racist
arranged individual harassing a woman
setting up for a birthday party at the
park because she had the audacity to
rock a puerto rican flag on her shirt
illegal well what's your point sir
because i came here thinking he's the
fashion police what are you wearing
broke does the ass cutoff shirt for
increased mobility of your arms when
you're harassing women at the park
shorts looking like a parachuting though
what what are those shoes my guy luckily
i lead a double life as a fashion
Instagrammer so I can make these calls
officer I got one question for you this
story went viral yesterday with over 10
million views last time I checked it's
an important one because it demonstrates
the ignorance that most Americans have
towards Puerto Rico and Puerto Ricans in
general and too it portrays how that
ignorant can lead to potentially
devastating policy decisions made by our
bigoted administration and I'm referring
to our awful disaster relief efforts in
Puerto Rico an island that still does
not have power imagine if this person
could just mind his own business
you know what a nightmare she just keeps
asking him politely to step away and
he's just relentless can you please step
away from me I'm not trying to change
anyone I'm just trying to come here for
a birthday party wonder where he got
that idea from okay yes I am can you
please get away from me only there was
like a cop in the area or something
officer can you I'm renting this area
and he's harassing me about the shirt
that I'm wearing
mm maybe the officer didn't hear her
cries for help officer I feel highly
uncomfortable please officer oh never
mind he hurt her all right he just
doesn't care I loved it so many cops act
like they're stopping gang violence and
locking up criminal masterminds every
day but can't help a terrified poor
woman as she's about to be assaulted by
some drunk old moron only three feet
away from him and of course I'm not
saying all cops are like this idiot but
if you're a good cop don't look like
this slide luckily that cop in question
is now on desk duty now look this entire
incident would have never happened if
she was wearing an Irish flag or an
Italian flag or a Texas flag which
ironically looks a lot like the Puerto
Rican flag for that matter no one's out
here yelling at people for repping Texas
but that's the point it eats like this
guy I think Porto Rico isn't as American
as Texas actually almost half of
Americans don't even know that Puerto
Ricans are US citizens so this isn't
just some isolated incident with one
racist especially when this is idiot and
his views are represented by our current
administration and that's precisely why
the relief efforts in Puerto Rico after
Maria were transparently different from
those in Houston after Harvey parts of
the islands still don't have power and
it's been nine months
it's the largest blackout in US history
since we invented electricity it's the
second largest blackout worldwide
there's a housing shortage spikes and
suicide spikes and murder more than four
thousand and six hundred deaths and the
administration is treating Puerto Rico
like it's an island full of lazy people
that's just taking resources from the
real American folk of the mainland and
listen this isn't about Texas versus
Puerto Rico either I love Texas I love
its people and I'll actually be coming
to Texas to debate charlie Kirk in
Dallas in November after the midterms
and I hope you'll come out and support
me but you have to look really hard in
the other direction to not see the
flagrant double standard in the way we
treat Puerto Rico and this tragic
incident serves as the perfect analogy
for it you have an island being
brutalized by a storm asking the
administration for help and this
administration is too bigoted to care
enough and allocate its time and
resources to save it just like the cop
but luckily after more people show up in
force the officers hand
gets arrested so be those people scream
as loudly as you can to help those in
need and force our administration to
help were Toriko I'm sorry if this
Apocrypha makes you angry please share
this video with your friends and please
don't forget to leave your thoughts in
the comment section below and also if
you want to continue this conversation I
go live every day at 7 p.m. and you can
join the big tent Democratic coalition
group I've created specifically for this
purpose and this has been the breakdown
