it appears that Donald Trump has readied
a list of tariffs additional tariffs for
Chinese goods to the tune of 200 billion
dollars this is response a response to
China's retaliatory tariffs if you could
recall back last week on Friday Trump
had announced 25% tariffs on 34 billion
dollars worth of Chinese goods China
vowed to retaliate and they will and as
a result now Trump is ready with an
additional set of tariffs again to the
tune of 200 billion dollars on Chinese
goods so he's gonna burst that bubble so
stock markets are already overinflated
they took the tax cuts and they did a
lot of stock buybacks which increases
the price of your stock without your
company doing any better it didn't mean
that it doesn't mean that you sold any
more products or made any more profit
it's just them buying back their own
stock they artificially inflate the
price so they could have bigger fatter
bonuses when you introduce this kind of
instability and start a trade war and
200 billion dollars ain't no joke
China will 100% retaliate and then our
allies turn and go well he did it to us
to China why don't we deal with you
instead of America and you know what you
do you take a bubble that already
clearly exists in the stock market and
you burst it that has actually already
begun happening leaders in Mexico have
already begun negotiations with China
and so I know that Trump is under the
impression that the United States is the
center of the universe and that other
countries can't do anything without us
but that is not the case in fact our
allies are now looking to form alliances
with other countries because they can't
rely on Trump and his unpredictable
nature and so sometimes people ask like
okay Jake you think Trump's gonna be
taken out of office early how right now
the Republicans are standing behind him
yet they won't if the markets crash and
all their donors tell them take that
clown out of office then they don't
stand behind him so and what did I tell
you is really really dumb and what does
a dumb guy do he doesn't understand the
consequences of his actions oh I'll do
really
strong I'll give them two hundred
billion dollars in tariffs and see what
happens what's gonna happen is at some
point you're gonna light a match and
then you're not gonna be able to control
that fire and and the more that fire
will take down the markets and the
markets will take you down and then
everybody'll think that it had to do
with the investigations etc and will to
some degree but it'll also be because
the Republican donors thought well the
tax cuts were nice now we're done with
them too easy wasteful Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
