Harvey Weinstein is one of the most
prolific rapists in the United States
and the publicity surrounding his
atrocious actions inspired the meet to
in times of movements that seek to end
sexual harassment and abuse worldwide
but given how wealthy and powerful
Harvey was many people were left
wondering whether he would even face
criminal charges to begin with but after
Weinstein's pattern of abuse was exposed
new allegations for more recent
incidents arose leading to a criminal
investigation and as a result he could
be facing life in prison but for now he
remains a free man walking amongst us
because the judge in his case denied the
prosecutors request the place Harvey
under house arrest now the reason why
I'm mentioning this is because in the
same state of New York a young black man
kalief Browder took his own life three
years ago Khalif spent three whole years
on Rikers Island without ever being
convicted of a robbery waiting on a
trial that never came why because he was
too poor that's it a 16 year old boy
wrongfully arrested for a robbery he
took no pardon and the worst part is
Khalif isn't alone there are 16,000
others like abort currently sitting in
Rikers Island simply because they cannot
afford to pay their bail while they
await their trial dates this is an
insane practice that cost the New York
state taxpayers 116 million dollars a
year and this issue shouldn't be
analyzed exclusively from a racial
perspective either this is an example of
our two-tiered criminal justice system
at work where those who can afford it
remain above the law while many others
are left to wallow in prison as they
await trial just because they're just
too poor however the racial line still
exist because they compound existing
class division systemic racism combined
with lower socioeconomic backgrounds
leads poorer people of color to face an
increased likelihood of arrest false
convictions and longer sentences and in
kalief Browder x' case and many others
as case bail that poor people can never
afford in America you're not innocent
until proven guilty you're innocent
until you're proven poor or black or
brown or an immigrant meaningful and
significant reform to our criminal
justice system could be achieved
tomorrow if the law started treating
everybody like their rich white men
Thomas on piker if you're against the
practice of cash bail please share this
video with your friends and leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
also if you want to continue this
discussion please don't forget to join
my facebook group big tent Democratic
coalition I created
exclusively so we can have a safe space
when discussing these more complex
matters
