so let's talk about Cavanaugh first Anna
tell us a little bit more about him
so Cavanaugh is deeply conservative
deeply pro-business which is evident in
the way that he's ruled in the past he
has served as a federal judge so he does
have quite a bit of experience but
before I get into all of the different
decisions that he's made or written I do
want to talk a little bit about his role
in the Bill Clinton era he worked with
Ken Starr very closely for many years
and he played a role in helping to
impeach Bill Clinton so when he was
being confirmed for a different role as
a judge it was a long and contentious
process because there were a lot of
worries by Democrats that he was too
partisan to serve as an unbiased judge
but he eventually did get confirmed and
he went on to make all sorts of rulings
as a federal judge now one of the things
that Trump apparently really liked about
Kavanagh was the fact that he went
through those tumultuous times the new
york times specifically says that Trump
was looking for someone who had liked
those battle scars mm-hmm and Trump also
loved the fact that Cavanaugh had
graduated from an Ivy League school he
went to Yale and then later a Yale Law
School so he impressed Trump during his
interview and was enthusiastically
backed by the white House Counsel Don
began so that's that's a little
interesting tidbit there also when it
comes to his rulings Cavanaugh claims
that he takes precedent seriously so on
the issue of roe v wade he claims he has
no interest in overturning it but when
it comes to business issues that's where
I'm most concerned he did not appear to
be a fan of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau 2015 he found that
those directly regulated by the CFPB
could challenge the constitutionality of
its design in October of 2016 Cavanaugh
wrote for ADA
panel finding that the CFPB's designed
was unconstitutional remember this is
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
which was created after the 2008
financial collapse and the whole point
was to prevent a future collapse and
actually advocate for US consumers
Kavanaugh wasn't buying it he felt that
it was unconstitutional but at the the
circuit court actually reversed the
judgment seven to four over the descent
of Kavanaugh meaning that the court
eventually found that the CFPB was
constitutional Kavanaugh disagreed yeah
so this breaks down into two camps right
social issues and and business issues so
its first of all I when he says that he
believes in precedent and Roe versus
Wade is precedent I don't believe him
I've yet to see a conservative judge
other than actually to be fair this
actually about to that have stuck with
that and back when when I was a
Republican and I was judicially
conservative and I would argue that I am
still judicially conservative now
politically but judicially there were
two judges who are really well renowned
back then and they have remained
consistent on the issues but outside of
them everyone every other conservative
judge that I saw that I was told has
these principles etc no they don't they
will overturn any precedent if it
doesn't match their political beliefs
and the biggest hypocrite of them all
was Scalia and and to give an example of
Cavanaugh's track record not as a judge
but in another part of his career he
represented Bush and Bush v Gore in in
the India 2000 elections right so well
the Conservatives in that case totally
trashed states rights which they had
claimed to be in favor of all along let
alone precedent let alone so many other
the principles the Conservatives prented
pretended that they care a lot about but
it turns out Kavanaugh and the rest of
the Casal Rosen certainly the ones on
the Supreme Court at the time didn't
care about it at all it turns out that
they didn't mean states rights they just
spent the states rights to discriminate
against black people but once it's the
states right to actually protect a vote
like no you don't get the protective oat
so Cavanaugh was on the wrong side of
that and didn't seem to care about any
of those principles at that point now to
be fair he wasn't a judge at that point
and he was an advocate I understand that
but it would be shocking if he actually
cared about precedent and and almost
every conservative on the Supreme Court
today I've seen all their confirmation
hearings and I've seen when they were
announced and they all say the same
thing I'm here to call balls and strikes
that's what John Roberts famously said
in this case Cavanaugh said this is
being a judge it's just about what's
right and what's wrong well that's
curious then why do you come out on the
conservative side politically on almost
every single decisions come on you tell
me politics doesn't matter and he does
he also said that it's a standard trite
thing you're supposed to say when you're
you know looking to get confirmed
politics well golly gee I would never
allow politics to interfere with my
decisions but somehow magically you vote
with the Republicans and pro-business
interests
100% of the time right so I actually
want to give you an example
pertaining to abortion and it's not
comparing apples to apples exactly but
it's still a ruling that or a decision
that he wrote in regard to abortion so
if you guys can recall this wasn't too
long ago in October of 2017 there was
this huge controversy involving the
Office of refugee resettlement and they
apparently had an undocumented immigrant
in their custody who was pregnant and
who was seeking abortion and so the
courts got involved in this and they
they had this unsigned divided panel
opinion and Cavanaugh essentially said
no the office of refugee resettlement
could prevent an uncommon in its custody
from obtaining an abortion that was that
was what he wrote now of course later it
was decided that she could get the
abortion and she did but Cavanaugh
wasn't necessarily consistent what
happened with precedent and not being
against Roe versus Wade that's
interesting
so look am i positive that he's gonna
rule against Roe versus Wade no I'm not
so and I just don't believe him when he
says he cares about precedent I don't
know that he's ever shown that I don't
know that any conservative judge
two that I mentioned have shown that and
by the way those conservative judges
that actually stuck the principle are
now considered on you know yeah you even
though they're among the most scholarly
not possible for the Supreme Court
because they did not follow conservative
political ideology not legal or judicial
right so now one of them was Easterbrook
by the way so but to me the main reason
that he's picked is the main reason why
mostly justice are picked and to some
degree even the Democrats do this is he
pro-business enough that is the
number-one and overwhelming
consideration and in the case of
Kavanagh like with Gorsuch he's raised
his hand and said corporate masters what
do you need you want me to destroy
consumer protection I'll gut it right
you you need anything done I am your
guide that's how you get to be picked to
be on the Supreme Court and that is why
right now in the Supreme Court even with
Kennedy the so-called moderate on there
is the most Pro corporate court we have
ever had in our history and it keeps
getting more and more quote pro
corporate as we go along so he will be
in favor of citizens united he will be
in favor of every single thing that the
corporations want and he will look to
crush the average American worker and
any rights you might have left and and
keep in mind things that are already bad
in that realm of US politics because
okay let's just talk about the CFPB for
for a minute Mick Mulvaney as the acting
director of the CFPB gutted that agency
to the point where it had absolutely no
power so those consumer protections
essentially gone it's it's now
understaffed and you know has
essentially been castrated you can't do
anything on the Supreme Court side it
was already pro-business with the
confirmation of Cavanaugh assuming that
he does get confirmed and I would
venture to say he will it will become
even more pro-business we're already
having an issue with antitrust laws not
being enforced we have these massive
corporate mergers which are essentially
shedding jobs
Casal in consolidation and also leaving
americans with few options when it comes
to big financial decisions like
telecommunications companies for
instance there's monopoly after monopoly
when it comes to that kind of stuff if
you're living in a certain community you
have no options you have to go with one
of these massive telecommunications
companies so look it's it's just it
keeps getting worse and I I don't even
if Cavanaugh didn't get confirmed even
if we had a liberal get chosen for the
Supreme Court things have gotten so bad
when it comes to politicians in bed with
corporations that it's I don't know how
this country is gonna end up but it's
not looking good
yeah and remember the one that Democrats
are most upset about is Merrick garland
that's Obama you know nominated him and
the Republicans wouldn't let him up for
a vote for a year but Merrick garland
had also voted in favor of citizens
united and the Democrats made all sorts
of excuses oh he had to no other judges
voted the other way in that case he
didn't have to right he chose to vote
for Citizens United
so whether it was Obama or it's Trump
yes Trump's picks are way more extreme
and yes on social issues they do differ
significantly so you have to call it as
it is but on corporate issues they will
rule us right that's why by the way we
have to go above the head of the Supreme
Court and get an amendment to get money
out of politics otherwise all the
politicians are going to be forever
corrupt and they're going to pick the
most corrupt judges and and that's how
the system works that's why you must get
an amendment now last things on
Cavanaugh two things I want to talk
about how do you get the job well there
were a couple of strikes against them
one was that he was close to the Bush
family and Trump didn't like that
okay well Trump's aides didn't like that
they consider that to be well I'm sure
Trump didn't like it either but his
aides argued that being associated to
the Bush family in any way is not a
politically popular thing it's actually
a strike against you which I thought was
fascinating and he doesn't like the Bush
family and and they're also worried that
since Kavanaugh was more of a divisive
figure that he'll have a harder path to
confirmation Mitch McConnell is worried
about that Trump I consider that as well
now so
what were the things that were going for
him daivi League education that Adam
mentioned this Trump's all about
appearances oh okay you sound really
educated that sounds really good I like
that
he liked that he was in a battle now to
credit to trump on that one because
democrats would be like oh no battles
alright
whereas trump was like oh you were in a
battle that's good I like that you want
someone who can fight yeah and that's
fair and that makes sense and then
finally it is we saw at the very
beginning of the press conference
announcing the pick he was good at doing
the main thing that Trump likes which is
praising Trump so you got up there he's
like no president has ever talked as
many people as Donald Trump before
making this selection and has worked as
hard I'm like oh please please please
please no one believes that and how
would you even know that do you know how
many presidents how many people that
Obama and Clinton and Bush spoke to
before making their selection you don't
know that at all okay okay I get it you
want to kiss his ass but it worked it
worked yeah it did work and so now the
last thing is he argued for a separation
of powers right and he said he believes
in the rule of law etc again I don't
really take anything he says at face
value but if he did mean that well that
would be interesting another part of his
career was that he was on ken starr's
impeachment team with Bill Clinton now
if he applies the same standards to
Donald Trump as he did for Bill Clinton
well that could be bad news for Donald
Trump now the good news for Donald Trump
is that conservatives are almost
universally hypocrites and don't care at
all about what they've said in the past
and will contradict themselves without a
moment's thought or hesitation so my
guess is he'll turn right around and go
patron broad qualifications for
impeachment
no I meant really narrow narrow it's it
can't it's the thing that you really
shouldn't count on us at all it's my
guess and my guess as to what Trump
cared about the most etc but but we'll
see we'll see
and no unfortunate thing about a Supreme
Court pick is you won't see until it's
too late
yeah so when they go in front of Senate
they will office Kate they will
try to evade all the questions and if
absolutely forced to they will lie and
they've all done it and they also have
political opinions well golly gee that
would never affect me but somehow the
was faked by Democrats almost always
support the liberal positions and the
ones except for business business must
win no matter what right and the and the
ones picked by the conservators always
support the conservative political
positions so what happened to just
calling balls and strikes no it's all BS
and that's what you're gonna see in the
confirmation hearings
