this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm the Metropolitan
Republican Club in New York had invited
the proud boys to show up and have some
sort of event and if you don't know who
the proud boys are their leader Gavin
McGinnis is a very vocal in support of
violence in fact we're gonna give you
several examples of him advocating for
violence in just a minute he's also a
co-founder of vice and he is a proud
white male he's said a lot of
misogynistic things homophobic things
and he's been pushing back against any
and all progress made for non-white
males ever since I don't know like 2016
was when he really became vocal about
all of this now with that said there was
unfortunately a violent situation
following the event at the Metropolitan
Republican Club the proud boys left the
event and as they were leaving
surveillance footage shows a member of
possibly an Tifa all we know right now
is for sure they were protesters we
believe they might be members of an tyfa
one of them threw a bottle or some
object at the proud boys and then that
led to a physical altercation we have
the surveillance footage for you so
let's take a quick look at that so the
guys in the mass are the counter
protesters they throw something and now
the proud boys guys in the red hats I
mean this is absurd they have uniforms
on both sides right and then they get
into a fight and then there's a lot more
proud boy guys there because they just
had an event there's dozens and dozens
of them so they take control the
situation and start beating down what
are presumably the antifa guys and of
course once they got them down kicking
them stopping them
touching them over and over and over
again because that's who they are
now following this incident the very
first thing that happened was the cops
arrested three of the protesters and I
believe that that was the right thing to
do don't throw things don't physically
assault anyone if you do you should be
arrested that is the law
however the proud boys face absolutely
no arrest no charges no nothing until
there was pressure from the City Council
and also Andrew Cuomo they were
essentially telling that NYPD you need
to do something about these white
nationalists that have been going around
the country brawling with people and
there have been multiple stories
involving the proud boys doing just that
and so the NYPD essentially says now
that they are looking to charge nine of
them and they're asking for help
identifying them they've posted images
of various members of the proud boys
online and they're hoping to find these
people now with that said though what I
found interesting was how Gavin McGinnis
was outraged that he was met with
violence especially because he has been
a pretty strong advocate of violence he
has been open and transparent about that
and I want to give you a few examples
let's go to graphic 40 this is a direct
quote he said quote I want violence
I want punching in the face I'm
disappointed in Trump supporters for not
punching enough let's go to the next one
while talking about women he referred to
one woman and said this woman yes I'm
advocating for violence against women
this woman should be punched in the face
shouldn't be by a man maybe by another
woman her twin sister should just punch
her in the face or maybe macer yeah I'm
Pro free speech I don't want her ever to
be censored but this woman needs to
experience a little bit of violence I'll
give you another example of him
advocating for violence choke a tranny
get your fingers around the windpipe I
have more McGinnis invited notorious
right right wing rally fighter Kyle
based stickmen Chapman to start a
paramilitary wing of the proud Boys
it's now a defunct group called the
Fraternal Order of alt Knights
there's more I mean I have example after
example but Jane should jump in yeah
so first note that McGinnis is no longer
with Vice they asked him to leave at
some point secondly notice that he says
I'm for free speech but if you say the
speech I don't like you should be
punched in the face that is not a belief
in free speech that's a belief in
fascism and so in the old days they used
to have a uniform - they wore brown
shirts now they wear red hats
now I deplore violence on all sides and
so if those are antifoam protesters
whoever they are it doesn't really
matter if they call themselves an tyfa
or not but if they do it's still a
hundred percent wrong what are you
throwing a bottle for and encouraging
fascism all you're gonna do is get them
to commit more violence and and in their
minds justify the violence and in the
minds of other people and perhaps
unfortunately the Republican Party
justify the violence you think you're
helping you're not helping it's an
incredibly stupid tactic do you know who
what you want on your side you want the
cops on your side
okay but no in this case the cops come
to help and he says nobody wants to talk
to you one of the guys who just got beat
down says we don't call 9-1-1 1188 so
the next time you're gonna get your head
stomped in and nobody's gonna come to
help you the guy the cop says we're here
to help you and he says get the F away
from me this is the antifa guy I just
got punched 70 times yet that's why he
showed up now if cops do the wrong thing
then okay then you don't trust I mean
and you call it out and you look for
justice right if cops come to help you
take their help they I don't know if you
know this they have more weapons than
the proud boys or you guys and they are
backed up by the rest of the government
and the rest of us okay so I think it's
I get the frustration with cops were
talking about on the show all the time
that is not the time to show your
frustration with cops and so if you
think you're gonna fight him in the
streets it's a stupid idiotic strategy
now to the ones who celebrate violence
like Kevin McGinnis and the proud boys
so when you say free speech and now it
means it's clear what your intent where
you intend is I'm gonna speak for as
long as it takes for me to actually do
violence upon you and get you to stop
speaking bye
to you in the face I know I don't mean
free speech I don't believe in liberty
that's a punchline for us the minute we
can we're gonna oppress you we're gonna
beat you in the streets we're gonna
commit violence against you and we're
proudly declaring it so that's who they
are and they had a cache of weapons in
in Portland and a different incident the
cops didn't even bother arresting them
there were loaded weapons they've gotten
into a fight with antiva guys a couple
of days before they bring loaded weapons
ready to fight to potentially use them
in a parking lot
cops see him go go okay you're free to
go no no no this is this is fascism and
what did the Republican in in New York
at the Manhattan Club do they welcomed
them with open arms you know what they
were there to do they were there to
celebrate the assassination of a
Japanese socialist this is the sickness
that is now within the Republican Party
like what you see click this subscribe
button below and don't forget to ring
the bell to never miss another video
from the Young Turks
