a prosecutor in the state of California
is wondering why Maxine Waters hasn't
been shot yet and I'm not kidding this
was literally something he publicly
posted on his own Facebook page I'm
gonna read you the exact quote and by
the way this is the deputy district
attorney in San Bernardino County
California
he wrote being a loud mouthed expletive
in the ghetto you would think someone
would have shot this bitch by now and
that's the c-word yeah
listen the same c-word by the way that
comedian Samantha B got a lot of heat
for from the right-wing mm-hmm yeah oh
well Trump can't stop tweeting about
this he's absolutely outraged oh right
he hasn't said a word not remotely
outraged okay so you got the C word in
there he got ghetto in there he got
bitch in there and he got why don't you
murder her already in there that guy is
a prosecutor he's a prosecutor yep would
he prosecute someone who actually did
what he asked for which is kill
Representative Maxine Waters I don't
know would he prosecute people who think
he thinks murdered the people that he
doesn't like or that his political
opponents it's a fair question he is in
a position of power obviously and if you
care at all about the justice system and
ensuring that the justice system is at
least somewhat fair you would find these
comments first of all even even if he
were a man who had absolutely nothing to
do with the justice system this kind of
rhetoric is appalling and so when their
calls for civility on the left you want
us to be civil when we reread stuff like
this coming from the right like why is
that double standard in existence and
why would anyone think that members of
the left would want to be civil after
reading stuff like this so low you can
go back and look at all the videos I'm
very reluctant to call for people being
fired it's a high bar he cleared it
easily he should immediately be fired
it's and and what kind of context does
he live in that he thinks that he
make this comment publicly publicly
right not to a friend not doctor
colleague privately even even if he
thought that privately terrible
disastrous but he thinks no big deal
doesn't everybody agree that that Maxine
Waters is the C word and she's from the
ghetto she should be shot listened to
everybody agree to that I want to say
this publicly cuz and apparently he
thought there would be no consequences
at work why because enough people at
work agree with him well yet it wouldn't
be an issue he thought there wouldn't be
consequences at work because he has a
history of saying crazy things and not
getting punished for it so I'll give you
just one other example so on Mexican
immigrants his name is Michael Selim
Selim posted a photo of a man in a
sombrero with the caption quote Mexican
word of the day hide he also shared a
manipulated photo of Michelle Obama
holding a sign that said Trump grabbed
my penis
he is a prosecutor I mean come on
do you think that that guy is going to
be fair to either defendants or victims
that are Mexican mexican-american that
are African American that are trans that
are women do you think that he's gonna
look at and go well no look let's be
fair here I'm gonna put aside all my
biases and I'm gonna make sure that this
victim gets justice or hey you should
make assumptions about defendants let's
figure out who actually did this crime
this guy's gonna think that he should
have been fired hours ago the minute
this broke he should have immediately
been fired I'm not saying that you don't
have an investigation and you don't call
him into your office and go was this the
world's worst joke of course you look
into that right but once you realize no
he meant it gone not close and and how
many prosecutors are like this all
across the country and we never find out
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
