a woman in new jersey has lost her life
after the utility company that provided
power to her home decided to shut off
the power because she hadn't made
payments or allegedly hadn't made
payments and the oxygen tank that she
needed to survive stopped working her
name was Linda Daniels 68 years old she
was in hospice care her family told
local media they used a smaller oxygen
reserve for her for her while the power
was shut off and called emergency
services when the reserve ran out
paramedics had brought a portable unit
to the house but it was too late she
later died of heart failure so we know
that she was trying to pay it oh there's
documents indicating she paid $300 in
April $450 in another month $500 on July
3rd and the utility company by the way
turned on her power a little bit after
she died two days after she yep two days
after she died and my guess is like oh
she died let's cover our ass let's turn
on the power because it turns out she
did pay okay now she didn't pay it in
full to be fair but is that this is the
country we're in now right where if you
don't unless you don't Trump by the way
then you can go bankrupt six different
times they never pay your bills but if
you're a poor or middle-class god help
you you don't pay a dollar that you owe
we're gonna crush you and if you need
energy power to save your life and we
know it and it's on our record and you
in fact their utility company complained
that they were calling too many times to
tell them that they're that they're like
our mom's gonna die she's gonna die like
I you're bothering us and they said oh
well send someone out and of course
never sent anyone out and then she died
and then they like cover your ass cover
your ass down turn down the power no you
don't get it it's too late she's dead
and so and the government goes oh yeah
great no problem protecting our own
citizens no no no well she made payments
but it wasn't enough turn off her power
she made a payment of $500 on July 3rd a
couple days before she died so
he makes a payment and then they decide
to shut her power off anyway you know
sometimes when we talk about immigration
issues in the country specifically the
zero tolerance policy and how children
were ripped away from their parents
right-wingers will come at us and argue
that we care about immigrants more than
our own no no we've been talking about
our own for years ever since I started
working here it's been 11 years we talk
about you know income inequality how the
poor keep getting you know kicked aside
brushed aside while you know the wealthy
continued to hoard all the wealth in the
country where have you been right it's
okay to care about immigrants and the
American people simultaneously that's
okay that's called being a human right
but where have you been
if you're a trump supporter where are
you when it comes to stories like this
yeah look the utility companies know
that some people require the power for
their to stay alive they have a list of
people who needed for emergencies things
like oxygen tanks so if they shut off
your power looks for some of the elderly
it's still a threat to their lives but
it's not on the list they have a list
they just don't care about it and if you
don't know this utility companies are
actually among the biggest political
donors at the state level they're
gigantic donors so well if you're a
donor your financial interest is above
all other things including the lives of
the citizens and and finally if you're a
true Christian what would Jesus do would
Jesus shut off for power - sure to teach
her a lesson
I'm done having conversations about
religion and and you know their
self-righteous BS because they don't
genuinely believe in what their religion
preaches they don't love thy neighbor
they don't care about kindness or taking
care of the poor they utilize their
religion in the worst possible way to
discriminate against people who live
that a type of lifestyle that they don't
like and to essentially force women to
live their lives in a specific way so
they can control them
that's all it's about now there are
wonderful Christians in there in the
country who do believe the the Sermon on
the Mount and do fight for justice you
should try to take your religion back
because right now the most monstrous
people are the face of it in this
country they're the ones who are the
so-called evangelical leaders who
celebrate prosperity gospel and
celebrate things like this Oh take care
of the poor the needy the sick no Jesus
says cut off their power make sure they
die if they don't pay their bills two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
