recently Donald Trump hit China with a
new set of tariffs in fact Trump enacted
tariffs on July 6 to the tune of 34
billion dollars worth of Chinese goods
and that's affecting hundreds of
products from boats medical devices and
auto parts so there were some products
that were spared though and those
products included conveniently included
items that Ivanka Trump's company makes
okay so she will not be impacted by
these Chinese tariffs at all at all you
guys want to say with me oh of course
you won't so everything is everything's
changing rapidly the new cycle is so
overwhelming it's hard to keep up with
things it's hard to process you know
some of the injustice that's happening
right now because there's so many
different stories that are you know
spreading our attention a very thin but
just think about this for a second
Donald Trump has been aggressively
attacking Harley Davidson for wanting to
ship some of its jobs abroad because
they're gonna be hit by these tariffs
significantly and they want to save a
little bit of money and and produce some
of their motorcycles in a different
country at the same time
Trump's attacking them you know saying
all these terrible things about them
bullying them on social media which is
what Trump does Ivanka Trump hasn't made
a single item in the United States she
hasn't manufactured a single item in the
United States she continues to
manufacture these items in other
countries so while Trump you know
bullies US corporations or US companies
for manufacturing products abroad how
about take a good hard look at your own
family and the way that they run their
own businesses so if you're Magga you
like the idea making America great again
and you loved his slogan which was
Trump's and it still is today by
American and higher American but his own
family absolutely refuses to do that now
you can say everyone in the news
business is lying and in fact Ivanka has
a great factory in Kentucky you guys
won't tell us about it okay
all right fine you choose to believe
things that aren't true there's nothing
I can do about that but if you believe
that the entirety of the news business
is actually reporting things that are
true
and then you realize that Ivanka does
not make one product in America not one
she's never made a single product that
she's sold here in the United States of
America now I know what a lot of manga
guys think oh that's a smart business to
outsource then why is it a smart
business for harley-davidson you can
outsource you can't have that double
standard right you can't have it both
ways they want their cake and they want
to eat it too that's the same right yes
okay so you can't be angry at
harley-davidson for shipping jobs
overseas and then simultaneously call
Ivanka Trump a smart businesswoman for
manufacturing jobs or manufacturing her
products overseas by the way just to
give you the the specifics of what her
business is like until January of 2017
all of Ivanka Trump's products were made
in factories in China and Hong Kong
since then though some manufacturing has
apparently been moved to other overseas
factories in Indonesia South Korea and
Vietnam
none of these products are being
manufactured in the u.s. none I love the
idea that she diversified by going to
Vietnam in Southeast Asia so you got to
make a call or just live in a non
reality world and just feel good about
your own bubble where things are you
know there's unicorns running around all
with Magga hats so but in the real world
uh and I don't believe this but you guys
do in the real world Ivanka Trump
according to Magga ideologies on
American she sells out the country for
an extra couple of dollars that's what
she does and she's one of the global
elites that you guys hated and she's
willing to sell out your jobs she's
willing to saw it everything about
America cuz he's got a meet just another
extra dollar by producing an in Vietnam
rather than America now I don't believe
that I believe that the world that that
trade is global and I think that
sometimes it makes a ton of sense to do
it here in America and sometimes it does
make sense to do it in other countries
but I'm not Magda you you know the Trump
guys are so it and by the way it's not
just a vodka who I'm sure do any of our
is there a single right
in the country that is a Trump fan that
is ideologically consistent is there one
is there one is there a guy who has a
manga hat who says now well it to be
fair that it that's not right what about
cuz to it no I don't think so
I mean 88% of Republicans support Donald
Trump to this day and I think that if
you asked them all 88% would say yeah of
course if I could not producing any
America is awesome and anyone who else
just the same exact thing it's not
American and I hate them okay you're
stupid what can I tell you or you don't
care about reality I don't know what
else you want me to tell you okay now
finally if it's okay fine let's say you
found three people who were consistent
going bonkers not doing the right thing
but but the Donald the Donald is awesome
wait a minute the Trump organization
continues to manufacture most of the
Trump products in foreign factories yeah
how could you not call out your own
leader on this because that's not what
you do you bow your heads like a bunch
of betas okay okay but if you if you
actually cared about logic and reason
you would say it's outrageous that
trumps own organization manufacturers
the great majority of their products
abroad and Latin America and also when
it comes to construction jobs for Trump
properties here in the United States
keep in mind that as soon as Trump got
elected he applied to or he pushed to
raise the cap on the number of foreign
workers so those foreign workers can
come into the country work on his
properties and then be sent back
why didn't American workers get hired
for those construction jobs yeah and and
finally look I think that what would
Trump did with ZTE is it's so corrupt
that it's borderline treason so the
entire United States Congress agreed the
ZTE was a national security threat to
the United States not a fake one like
the Trump invented about how Canada is a
national security threat and we had to
put tariffs on them that's preposterous
no our own military all of our
intelligence I know he doesn't believe
in any other it doesn't believe in the
intelligence community doesn't believe
in anything that the American government
does but every part of the
American government said this Chinese
telecom company is spying in on us is a
threat to our military etc etc and they
put sanctions on it and Trump lifted it
and what happened right around the same
time one is a smaller thing that I think
people make a big deal out of it's to me
it's the smaller portion of the puzzle
Ivanka got all of our trademarks
approved in China okay that's just the
appetizer for the corruption but the but
the main course was Indonesia China
three days after so right after Trump
says oh it's unfair what's happening to
ZTE too many good jobs being lost in
China is that what you ran on
oh come on Magra guys you voted for
Trump because you were worried about
jobs in China you can't possibly think
that anyway three days later China
phonos half a billion dollars to a
project in Indonesia which is paying the
Trump Organization licensing rights a
tremendous amount of a multi-million
dollar deal that goes straight into
Trump's pocket hmm he sold you out
he is the swamp he's the most corrupt
president we have had in my lifetime by
an order of magnitude his corruption is
not subtle it's not systemic it's brazen
it's obvious China you want ZTE back in
action so they could spying on us and do
whatever you want well give Indonesia's
half a billion dollars so they give me
tens of millions of dollars and I put it
in my pocket and I betrayed the American
people that's what he did but most of
all he betrayed his own voters this is
exactly what they voted against two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
