hi I'm having someone that does not have
a vendor permits at selling water across
from the ballpark why do I need to show
you my the backlash from this video has
been painful I have gotten so much hate
mail I think they can jump to
conclusions that aren't there all right
I've got the craziest idea right listen
close if you don't want to be known as
that tool made famous for being racist
don't be racist
crazy right over the past month or so
we've been counseled barbecue Becky
permit party douche-lord New Yorker and
most recently ID Adam now despite the
obvious similarities between these
examples there is one through-line that
i can't help but notice after they've
been called out on their bigotry the
victim card that's right from Patti to
Adam we've seen that after these
neighborhood do-gooders who never seem
to Patrol any young white girl selling
water or peaceful white mothers playing
in the neighborhood pool get called out
on their behavior they grovel backpedal
quicker than Milania from her group
happy hobby it's like the surprise that
people all of a sudden stop looking at
them as a selectively stand-up
Samaritans they claim to be and instead
started looking at them as well pretty
racist or something so again here's a
tip if you don't want to be known to the
world as a racist whose closet or
upfront racism is plastered across
America don't be racist how is this hard
if your immediate reaction to people
being pissed off that you call police on
a young child selling water is per me
then you are so awfully ignorant and
lacking self-awareness so maybe a few
months of being known as permit party
will open your eyes to your bigotry
despite your best efforts to hide it say
with ID Adam what is it with people like
this who feel entitled to turn vigilante
against people of color as if they have
some form of superior status that gives
them this right to act as law
enforcement oh wait yeah it's because
they can't it's because there is no
punishment to people like Adam or Patti
when they waste police time their
humiliation is so minimal compared to
the devastation they could have caused
which is why they will keep doing this
sort of thing and that is why I'm
proposing the basic bigot charges and I
want it to be written into the laws of
this nation where law enforcement can
you are fine on the spot to the basic
bigots who use police as a weapon to
intimidate people of color or otherwise
use the police to poke their nose into
other people's business and I'm sure
I'll get a great deal of support from
blue lives matter right because surely
you agree with me because if you believe
there is a war on cops isn't this
behavior also putting the police in
danger by putting police in the middle
of altercations left right and center
because these imbeciles are too fragile
to tolerate the mere existence of
someone with a different color of skin
why aren't you with me where's your
outrage now all right that's just
reserved when black people get shot and
you wanted to come up with something to
yell back the reality is ask any person
of color besides red pill Kanye if these
incidents seemed familiar to them people
of color have had the parties and atoms
call the cops on them for decades while
just trying to live their lives
yesterday's Emmett Till is today's the
forum Club and until we impose real
legislation to discourage these people
from using 9-1-1 like it's some customer
service it will only be a matter of time
before another name is added
