this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm Donald Trump loves to
brag about the economy and his claim to
fame is that he successfully pushed for
and passed tax cuts mostly for the
wealthy actually almost exclusively for
the wealthy in fact the corporate tax
rate was slashed from 35 percent to 21
percent but the economy is a ticking
time bomb and there is a bipartisan
consensus in the financial word world in
regard to that and part of the equation
has to do with the deficit something
that Republicans claim they cared a lot
about when Obama was president but now
don't really care about at all
now the deficit has gotten a lot worse
in fact we have some new numbers from
the Treasury Department yes the Treasury
Department so this is under the Trump
administration and this report is again
from the Treasury Department it
indicates that the 2018 federal deficit
hit the highest level of the last six
years and a lot of that has to do at the
corporate tax rate and how it's been cut
corporate tax collections in the United
States fell twenty-two percent or
seventy six billion dollars in the
fiscal year which ended in September
30th or on September 30th hold so two
things about that one is what happened I
I thought that there was gonna be magic
the Republicans said and have been
saying for as long as I've been alive
that if you cut taxes it magically
increases government revenue and they
made the same argument in this case and
Donald Trump said over and over again if
we cut taxes for corporations the
government will get more money from
corporations turns out it's not true so
the reason Anna kept is pointing out
that there's a Treasury Department this
is Trump's administration he can't call
it fake news it's him they they're
admitting yeah no revenues did not rise
for the government they fell they fell
by 76
billion dollars and it turns out if you
cut corporate taxes they pay less taxes
Wow ders that reality is still real and
water is still wet even from the
standpoint of water and second point is
what we're about to get to this is just
the tip of the spear remember the tax
cuts just got implemented next year's
gonna be way worse
so exactly so on one hand he cut revenue
in the form of tax cuts for the wealthy
but he also increased spending and
that's what's leading to this massive
deficit so the Trump administration has
also admitted and they have estimated
that the deficit will increase to one
point zero nine trillion dollars in the
next fiscal year you know just to prove
Jencks point that it will get worse also
the deficit jumped seventeen percent or
one hundred thirteen billion dollars to
779 billion at the end of Trump's first
fiscal year and that's according to
final figures by the Treasury Department
now let's get to the spending Trump
increase the budget for the military no
surprise there every administration does
that with the exception of the Obama
administration to cut defense spending a
little bit but for the most part
presidents are very willing to increase
defense spending the Trump
administration and Republicans in
Congress have been pretty clear about
how they're planning on cutting
entitlement spending which means
Medicare and Social Security they
haven't gotten there yet
probably because the midterms are
quickly approaching and they realize
that it's a very unpopular thing to do
with voters also the US government's 523
billion dollars in interest payments to
service the debt in 2018 the highest
ever was more than the entire economic
output of Belgium this year so I believe
I'm one of the very few set of people in
the country who have been consistent
about the deficit no matter who's in
charge so if you think that we should
never run a deficit a it's an
unsophisticated way of thinking know
from time to time a person has to borrow
money so for example when you buy your
home you borrow
money to buy the home otherwise almost
no one can afford one and the government
has to do things that are similar to
that from time to time especially in
recessions hard times wars as the urban
did significantly during World War Two
which helps us to win that war on the
other hand a deficits can get out of
control and if they do they start to
burden the economy now that the great
point that Anna just made we're paying
over five hundred million dollars a year
in just interest that money's totally
wasted
that's half a trillion dollars we throw
in the garbage every year now the
difference has gotten so large it is 78
percent of the entire gross domestic
product for the nation at some point
this becomes unsustainable I said it
during Republican administrations I said
it during Democratic administrations now
the Democratic answer is well maybe we
should stop doing tax cuts and and Wars
which I'll get to in a second because
Bernie Sanders based a terrific point on
that I say the Democratic answer but
that's really the progressive answer the
Democratic answer is usually like yes
sir what are your Republicans want sir
of course sir so the Republican answer
is when a Democrats in charge deficits
dads what a Republicans do Church our
deficits they don't matter
Dick Cheney famously said deficits don't
matter now Donald Trump and his actions
are saying deficits of course they don't
but by the way down the Trump during the
campaign said he was gonna balance the
budget what happened Donald turns out
you were a loser just like I said I mean
you couldn't even balance his own budget
like there's no way he's gonna balance
the country's budget that's ridiculous
you know what he did he promised goodies
at Christmas to his voters oh I'm gonna
we're gonna have coal for everybody and
then we you're all gonna get giant tax
cuts through thanks we're gonna be rich
anyway and then you're all gonna have
universal health care coverage he
promises we're never gonna touch Social
Security Medicare he promised it but
then now the Republicans are want to cut
it and and we're gonna somehow balance
the budget none of it was true
no and this is his Treasury Department
admitting yes it wasn't true
we now have massive out-of-control
deficits so remember under Clinton
surplus and it also george w bush
massive but deficits in fact over
dollars Obama brings it down from about
1.2 trillion dollars just six hundred
billion dollars so he cuts the deficit
in half now the Republicans are back in
charge time to get drunk so Trump and
all those guys they like beer
Soho so all of a sudden you know work
out have some beers and now the deficits
gonna be over a trillion dollars again
next year because they never cared it
was a lie it was a lie that's one of the
reasons I left a Republican Party I was
Republican cuz I cared about fiscal
sanity and it turns out they were lying
they never cared about it okay so and I
want you to understand one more piece of
important context which is spending has
gone up three percent okay and largely
because of defense spending but that's
not the main reason the main reason the
deficit is up is because of the 22
percent less taxes corporations are
paying so by the way you're now gonna
have to make up that deficit with you
paying more taxes and your Social
Security or Medicare being cut okay but
it's it's not the spending nearly as
much as it is the tax cuts so now here
comes Bernie Sanders terrific point here
and I really need you to absorb this
right what I really need is the media to
absorb this he explains why we have the
deficit we have today and he gives
numbers behind it the Bush tax cuts
effects for this fiscal year was
actually even greater than the Trump tax
cuts it was four hundred and eighty
eight billion dollars and I talked about
this in the past the Bush tax cuts were
monstrous by the way Obama made most of
them permanent let's keep it real that's
the establishment Democrats under the
covers doing what the Republicans won
anyway
Bush tax cuts four hundred eighty eight
billion dollars Trump tax cuts a hundred
and sixty four billion dollars is the
effect on the deficit wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan just this year one hundred
and twenty seven billion dollars the
first increases since 9/11 one hundred
and fifty six billion dollars this is
all for one fiscal year so if you took
away the tax cuts for the rich and the
wars and the extra defense spending we
don't need we would actually have a
hundred and fifty six billion dollar
surplus isn't that amazing and then they
tell you can't afford college for your
kids which is
next to nothing compared to these
numbers okay it's 75 billion dollars a
year that doesn't even register on the
any of these scales but know you your
kids can't have the American Dream you
can't have health care you can't have
higher wages all those things are
unrealistic because of the deficit the
reality is the deficit is created by the
tax cuts and the wars that's a fact
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT calm slash join
