for our friends who believe a convention
is too risky I like to say for the
record what I think almost every
progressive in the country knows we are
not winning we're it's not 2114 to use a
football analogy it's 49 nothing we're
getting slaughtered
now I remember the first discussion I
had in this case with common cause and I
asked ok what is the alternative if
you're not going to go to the States and
it was two things one was demographic
changes I don't know if that takes two
or three decades I don't know how many
decades that takes the other one was the
Supreme Court how's that working out so
that is in my opinion and I think the
opinion shared by a lot but we'll have
the discussion not a very viable path
and it can be overturned by the next
Supreme Court there is only one thing
that cannot be overturned that is a
constitutional amendment and
unfortunately there's only one pathway
right now to get that constitutional
amendment and that is to go to the
States
now I have great news for you at the
state level the corruption is not
anywhere near the level it is at the
national and they are more responsive to
their voters because they represent
smaller and smaller number of voters and
those voters are overwhelmingly on our
side both Democratic and Republican
voters 93 percent believe that
politicians represent their donors and
not their voters they believe that
unfortunately our democracy has become
completely corrupted obviously that's
why I think strategically it is
absolutely necessary and then of course
people say well there are risks if
you're winning and you're up 28 nothing
Matt don't take any risks run up the
middle get your yard and a half and punt
right but what since we began that
conversation not just with common cause
but with everybody in all the different
groups what has happened we have lost
a thousand seats at the state level
making it much harder we've lost the
House of Representatives we lost the
Senate and we lost the presidency to
Donald Trump every day that we don't do
something is a day we fall further
behind while people tell us it's too
risky to act it is far far riskier not
to act you can read article 5 for
yourself
article 5 says that a cat whatever is
proposed either through Congress or a
convention must be ratified by
three-quarters of the states it is one
of the hardest constitutions in the
world to amend you must get
three-quarters of the states to ratify
lucky for us
we represent the only issue in the
country that three-quarters of the
states actually agree to which is that
money and politics has corrupted and
nearly destroyed our democracy let's
take it to the voters of the state level
and that is our pathway to victory thank
you first of all I want to be clear I
support American promise and every other
group that tries to do it through
Congress and we've had people on the
show to fight for that in fact I started
a whole group called Justice Democrats
to create enough momentum in Congress to
be able to pursue that path as well so
and and most importantly that actually
several of the panelists here have
described call for convention creates
enormous pressure for Congress to act in
fact more than half of our amendments
have been because of pressure created by
a convention including the 17th
amendment which I believe Craig said it
was an immutable fact that how close we
got to the convention the 17th amendment
forced Congress to go yeah I meant
direct election of senators so that
these two things help each other they
don't fight each other if you do both
but you must do both I've got to address
some of the things that would say rules
there's not enough rules but Ken is
exactly right the Constitution is not
supposed to set out the Robert's Rules
of Order zuv anything let alone a
convention but to say that there are no
rules and it'll be it just mayhem is not
true we've had hundreds of state
conventions there are plenty of rules we
know exactly
how we would proceed now you could say
hey well look you're not positive about
some of those I hear you Craig but my
god are we going to be frozen into
inaction because you're not sure about
rule 17 b3 so we have to go forward and
if unless and by the way I totally
support your call for clarification of
rules and in fact we've gone and had
meetings of Democrats and Republican
legislators to try to sort out those
rules because we are thinking ahead and
and but and so god bless you on that
fight so great let's do that together
but let us not say okay let's all pause
before we figure out the rules you know
what's gonna motivate people to figure
out the rules if a convention is coming
then they're gonna say yes my god let's
get the rules right and hold on and in
terms of 1787 look this is super
important I the it was ratified even
1787 the Constitutional Convention that
was not an article five convention
because article five did not exist at
the time that was the Constitution
didn't exist at the time an article five
convention is different it is limited by
definition and but even so the
Constitutional Convention was ratified
in fact Rhode Island and North Carolina
were briefly foreign countries because
they refused to ratify so they're
advocating process is incredibly
important and the worst case scenario
they have is a runaway convention that
created the best document ever written
so if you trust the people you will get
to good results so I'll work backwards
and a briefs go ahead and a question out
to the moderator counsel you know better
beers the only way is to go through the
convention because we'll never get it
through Congress but we can elect a new
Congress and in fact we have in my view
have a better chance of doing that than
going from the five we only have five
states right now and we have to get to
34 and the balanced budget the thing has
been going on for years and years and
years and they still haven't gotten to
34 so what makes you think that we're
going to get to 34 before we can elect a
new Congress that will be much more
amenable to basically I'm
used by the fact that if we have whether
it's a convention or the amendment
process that we're following if the
amendment wording calls for multiple
issues and there are other amendments
that are out there for a single issue
does that constitute in your case a call
for the same thing it's confusing to be
so that's an excellent question so how
many calls are there for a convention
and can you put them together so that's
actually one of the most important
questions and before it was unsettled
because there was actually hundreds of
calls for a convention on different
issues and so it seemed like well if you
want an unlimited convention a general
convention like the 1787 you could have
one
well last couple of years has been a
great clarifying moment because Congress
started counting they started counting
all the different convention calls right
now they have counted up to 75 from 36
different states so that is enough that
you need 34 states to call for a
convention the reason we don't have one
is because they have decided and by
Kenna's right all of these groups agree
American Bar Association Congressional
Research Service Department of Justice
and the Senate Judiciary Committee you
cannot combine issues if you could
combine issues we would already have one
in fact it would be a constitutional
obligation for Congress to call one so
we've settled that issue you cannot
combine them it must be limited okay and
then I'm gonna put the last maybe a
slight rephrasing of the alec question
to Vicki because it may be somewhat
responsive to Jenks because I hear in
both of these some concern about on the
what if there's different calls or and
so what is to prevent Alec from mucking
it up in the legal phrase mucking it up
once the convention begins is that I
think it's whether it's Alec or any
special interest group I think we have a
concern um you know we can poopoo the
rules all we want to but the truth of
the matter is we don't even know who
would be at the convention would it be
one person from Wyoming and one
person from California is that really
fair for America so we don't even know
who's gonna go there how they're gonna
be picked I just want to say we've been
working to pass an Ethics Commission in
New Mexico for five decades we finally
passed it last year to put it on the
ballot because we don't have a ballot
measure mechanism we have to go through
the state to eat it on there the number
one question the people in New Mexico
have about an Ethics Commission they're
like oh that sounds like a great idea
wait a minute who the hell is gonna
choose who's on that Commission Vicki
because if it's legislators or the
courts or any of those people then I'm
not going to trust it why would this be
any different at all so you ask question
of how do we know so Alec has already
taken over a body that can propose a an
amendment so that's really scary it's
called the United States Congress they
already own that so my my point is that
that a convention at least gives us an
opportunity to get there and and
whatever you do do not get scared three
quarters of the states must ratify a
convention is only to propose an
amendment three quarters must ratify and
did we and and for all you progressives
out there I'm sorry but we're not gonna
get a really progressive amendment we're
not going to get a really conservative
amendment we're only gonna get one that
an overwhelming majority of Americans
agree with and great news for us
overwhelming majority of Americans agree
on only one issue which is the get money
out of politics
you
