the Supreme Court Justice Anthony
Kennedy announced his retirement this
week caving the way for a Republican
super majority of the court that's a
very scary thing considering that
Ginsburg is in really really tough shape
I mean at this point we're already just
what loss of one is bad enough yeah I
mean so we're looking at basically a
solid five four and to be honest you
know this last term of the court
pretty much everything has been a 5-4
with Kennedy going for the Republicans
he's gotten a far more conservative with
age I you know what I've been following
Kennedy for a long long time in this
idea well he's the swing judge for us
and he's gonna help us out count the
times that that really has happened he's
a conservative you know he likes to
dress up maybe every now and then on a
liberal mostly a social issue it's never
gonna be it's never gonna be an issue
where corporations are trying to steal
from consumers he's gonna go with the
corporation every time it's never gonna
be where government is you know allowed
to spy on us he's going to the
government every time he's not a great
justice I mean let's be frank about it
any and he's not that powerful in his
influence with this court I don't really
see this as a big deal I mean other than
the fact we knew we're gonna lose we
knew we're gonna lose a job I mean at
this point you got a 5-4 okay so you're
gonna replace him with a conservative
you got a 5-4 the real problem comes in
is when you lose Ginsburg and it's
almost you know trying to reverse that
trend is a generational kind of problem
it really is and see that's the thing
that I I think the Conservatives also
understand better than the Democrats do
is that you put somebody a little bit
younger on that court and then you've
got a solid 20 to possibly 30 years
right of not being able to touch that
seat Bush did it with Alito and Roberts
younger folk Obama not so much I mean he
picked decent judges I've given that but
they're not people who are still going
to be on that bench in 20 years
you're such could be that Trump put in
there this year yeah I remember the term
I remember the discussion when
Obama was making his appointments if
Obama were playing chess with the
Republicans he would get clobbered and
that was one of the issues you'd say
well why don't you just you know don't
you see what's happening you know we're
losing here we gotta have some young
people on there yeah it's not like
they're it's not like these women that
he appointed her ancient they're not
it's not I'm not saying that but from
the standpoint of planning down the road
and that was always the problem with
with Obama's a strategist he never he
never got it as a strategist
unfortunately Trump does we're gonna
start seeing some of these next I say
two appointments we're gonna see my
prediction is we'll see two appointments
before 2020 one's gonna be Kennedy and
my guess would be would be Ginsburg one
like you said though this is a you lose
it for a generation right just like
these other coy court appointments that
Democrats have ignored for you know ten
years now you lose them for a generation
let's talk about that you know look
people don't understand it's not all
about SCOTUS right it's about that trial
judge that was appointed that doesn't
even understand what evidence is has
never done anything for consumers has
never been a judge at all in any other
capacity typically was a Politico that
came up through the ranks in the
appointee was a trial judge or the
appellate judge the same thing and
everybody everybody doesn't realize
that's where the real damage is done
because where it comes to policy White
House can make all the policy they want
if a judge wants to take it away they
can hold it up for a very long time and
I mean we just saw this with the you
know we see it all the time we see the
deconstruction of Obama's you know of
his whole effort to change healthcare
deconstructed part by part and well you
know Obama left office for what close to
100 112 yeah vacant court appointments
all throughout this country those are
appointments
well firt let me back up for a second
everybody's still mad rightfully so that
he was not allowed to put that Supreme
Court justice in in his last year that
was
Republican obstruction hundred percent
but those other hundred and twelve
exhaust could have been recess
appointments anytime timers have gone
for three days you know what if you're
out there trying cases you understand
that even Obama's appointments were Silk
Stocking you know Wall street-type
lawyers that don't have anything in
common with consumers and they have been
horrible they have been absolutely
horrible Italy you know it may be
occasionally on a social issue they're
good they're good on gender they're
gonna on race but where it comes to when
it comes to what matters to people from
a standpoint of financing and money and
how often consumers get trampled on
these judges that Obama appointed are
horrible and I can tell you that
firsthand because I'm in front of them
alone well here's the other thing too
and you and I have both taught you know
you're very good friends with a lot of
the people who actually met with Obama
you know representatives from these
legal organizations we both interviewed
and we see him all the time
and they they've told us the stories you
know we would we would go to him we
would meet with him and say why why this
person you just set us back on all of
these consumer issues and it would
always be some kind of fluff excuse like
we desperately needed somebody we had to
get them in there and this is from the
people who spoke to a lot of a person
yes people who spoke to him personally
and Obama said well I don't understand
what you're saying really you don't
understand what I'm saying you're
appointing people who have worked for
corporate America their entire lives
they've never done one thing for
consumers and they've worked for
corporations mr. Obama and you're making
these appointments and he goes well I
don't see a problem here literally that
was his reaction when that came
