at a rally in Great Falls Montana Trump
managed to insult sitting senators he
also vouch for President Putin and
mocked the me2 movement it was a 70
minute speech it was rambling as all
hell let's see if we can do our best to
break it down beginning with senator
Elizabeth Warren mr. Trump imagined a
debate during which he would gently
throw an ancestry testing kit at Miz
Warren to make her prove the Native
American heritage she has
controversially claimed we are going to
do it gently because we're in the hash
tag me two generations so we have to be
very careful the president said -
scattered laughter unsure exactly how he
thinks you swab for ancestry kit that's
beyond the point Elizabeth Warren did
respond on Twitter she says hey at real
Donald Trump while you obsess over my
genes your admin is conducting DNA tests
on little kids because you ripped them
from their mamas and you are too
incompetent to read reunite them in time
to meet a court order maybe you should
focus on fixing of the lives you're
destroying he didn't stop there he want
us to know that Putin is a is an all
right guy and things are gonna be fine
at his upcoming meeting with him let's
take a look at the video Putin's fine
he's fine
we're all fine what people will I be
prepared totally prepared I've been
prepared for this stuff my whole life
they don't say that
so he said he's gonna be fine he also
wanted to say that getting along with
Russia and getting along with China and
getting along with other countries is a
good thing which comes in stark contrast
with his position with NATO the notion
that the United States should get along
with other countries did not appear
however to extend to NATO as mr. Trump
vowed to demand more payment from the
countries in the Alliance during a
summit meeting next week so if this is
such a jumbled rally I want to get your
thoughts on what you thought when you
watch it we're ready to be able to watch
the full 70 minute speech we all thought
we were watching an SNL bit because that
screen if he was just shouting slogans
that didn't seem to be either backed by
anything or just the same not since he's
been saying right so the same people
that are always behind him on every
rally surprisingly look to be the same
people that love that better behind of
it every other rally so how that was
wrong who has 10 or 70 minutes of Donald
Trump I surely don't but uh what's
really frustrating you got ladies I'm
starting out you guys ladies is that's
fine for me ladies that that he takes so
much time on the public forum to display
pettiness to comfort Lizabeth Warren to
to really denounce the me to movement
and that's something that fine he you
Trump you may not agree with what's
happening with the meeting but know that
there are millions of people that are
your your base that are affected by that
as well so that's that's the frustration
I always land at with Trump so I thought
it was interesting to watch as a
stand-up comedian I always say arias
because the you know the problem with
with Trump is that he has an audience
and for me this is not about the left or
the right this is about our country and
what's happening to our humanity and
what is happening to our basic rights
one thing he said was that the
Democratic Party wants anarchy
and I was I win I know what it means but
I was like anarchy is the state of
disorder due to the absence or a non
recognition of authority which many of
us feel that way because the authority
is out of its freakin money I would
rather have live in Anarchy than in a
dictatorship
yes the civil war we had a delightful I
know one for real
but without what I think is really
interesting is he is just at every turn
always trying to appeal to a base of
people who he continuously insults right
you know he thinks they want to hear
racism they want to hear sexism mind you
a lot of those women who are in the
Midwest that have to work at restaurants
who are the victims of sexual abuse all
of those people who are under this
magical spell and belong to this cult
don't realize that the attack on the
rights of us on the left is it is the
attack of the rights of us on the right
because they're coming for all of us so
while we're having these petty
discussions and disagreements they are
dismantling every single thing that that
is applicable to us all and we all need
to be concerned and stop tweeting me
then I'm a little tired and I don't need
to the left or the right I lean forward
towards progress so stop with the ball
oh hell yes so what's important to note
too and why it's particularly troubling
to watch the rally and how disjointed it
was and freewheeling from the jump there
was never any someone's of order going
on is that he was there let's remember
to stump for the reelection
for the for the election of Matt
Rosendahl against the Democratic senator
Jon Tester and it's a very contentious
election right now but even he said
that's probably why I'm here I won
Montana by so many points I don't have
to come here so in that 70 minute speech
he doesn't really know why he's there I
think he does know that he's gonna get
guaranteed press through Fox News and
through other media outlets so I think
it's sort of 70 minutes of basically a
campaign rally but if I were even a
trump supporter but dude what's the
messaging why are you why are you here
are you here to talk about Putin I don't
think anyone really tuned in for that
what does Elizabeth Warren and your beef
with her have to do with any of this
let's talk about who you're campaigning
for it's like he doesn't care about
positions he cares about oh that person
was mean to me I'm going to they did
they didn't let me have my way I'm gonna
do this he was also attacking other
Republicans Senator John McCain former
President George Bush it's like he he
made fun of his a thousand points of
light which is by the way about
volunteerism
you're gonna come for volunteerism what
is what is your goal here interestingly
enough Kim he said that he just didn't
get it to that to the slogan I get it
cuz why would you ever do that your time
to help anyone but yourself
exactly it's so he doesn't realize the
irony and him saying that he doesn't
understand a slogan about volunteerism
like I just didn't missed me what about
making America great again that one we
all understand and as we'll learn later
on the show that the America first that
doesn't even drive up with some of his
policies at his own properties like
mar-a-lago I feel sorry for the people
who really believe him that like that
that listen I mean and I know it's it's
not real pity but what I feel so they
don't think they're letting their
bigotry their hatred for a group of
people they're believing that immigrants
are coming to get their jobs lead them
down a path where they are about to lose
it all
you know what I mean cuz if our
democracy is out of the window Trump is
not coming to get everybody with a red
hat and said you know what you guys you
guys get to eat at the big table with us
and they believe that they that they
will right and that's really scary to me
and there's a younger people who who
believe that as well I had a
conversation with someone I work with
who was an avid Trump supporter par the
lgbtq+ community and it was so
infuriating and raging to me because I
asked him what what about this man what
has he done what do you think he's doing
that is so exponentially impressive and
I said what news do you watch and of
course he's like while I watched Fox
News I said you have a bias to pin this
guy's 18 years old but all his friends
the circles that he runs in also are
huge Trump supporters so it's a you said
something so or so on the money
Mayda that was it's not a left or right
thing it's a work we're all fearing
because when when that when the when the
axe drops we're all gonna its
consequential two easy ways for the
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
