we're gonna be talking about the World
Cup I'm in a great mood because Belgium
won today okay yeah they did they beat
Brazil that's not we're gonna be talking
about so a male reporter was forcefully
kissed by a female fans and this caused
a debate about sexual harassment so the
reporter was from South Korea and he was
grabbed and kissed by two Russian women
we have video let's take a look so this
started a debate on Weibo which is a
social media sharing forum one user
saying why is this not sexual harassment
another going on this is sexual
harassment Kay thanks bye there was a
debate surrounding it someone countered
saying sexual harassment is behavior
that happens when the other person
doesn't consent to it but look at how
happy he is afterwards a lot of people
in the forum were saying they feel like
this would been covered differently head
up in a female reporter now
unfortunately we actually have incidents
of that from the world cup of female
reporters being groped and kissed and
harassed on the job so let's take a look
at a video of this this is coming from
Juliet
Gonzalez so it's not being this on Yelp
so she actually carries on i watch out
full segments about four minutes long
and four to four to six minutes long and
she carries on like an absolute
professional though later she did issue
an apology she said we do not deserve
this treatment we are equally valuable
and professionals I share the joy of
football but we must identify the limits
of affection and harassment now the
assailant in that video did issue an
apology
saying that he offers his most profound
apologies and that he didn't realize
that it would cause you confusion and
shock and I know your job is very hard
all this so breaking this down the two
different instances you guys all saw the
videos how do you reconcile this where
do you lie on this issue oh he didn't
realize grabbing her boob might not
might confuse her right well look
there's that argument with the first
South Korean reporter oh he smiled
that's consent no smiling is not consent
unless it's Express it's not consent and
I I don't I can't speak for him but I
know my cult
sometimes smiling is something you do
when something is awkward and confusing
and you're trying not to make things
worse but maybe we shouldn't be doing
that like how she kept going on and on
with her four-minute segment you're
saying it didn't happen maybe we should
be calling this stuff out it's wrong
mm-hm yeah I agree
so I mean kit like you said but your
culture a toy here I hear you on that I
put myself in the situation that that
was me and someone came up to me and
kissed me on camera without my consent I
mean I don't think I would have um I
would have I wouldn't portrayed that or
interpret that as harassment or assault
personally um the female reporter
absolutely when you're grabbing other
parts of the body holding on sells parts
of the body for extended period of times
yes but it's like where words where's
the middle ground you know
don't touch somewhere reporting keep
your hands to yourself and not just when
you're reporting just keep your hands to
yourself period the other thing that I
was thinking about it was the reason men
don't feel as uncomfortable with those
things happen to them because they don't
have to walk down the street constantly
worrying about being groped assaulted
and raped it's not the reality of a man
and still with that I still don't
condone somebody walking up to somebody
and kissing somebody because they think
it's cool I don't think it was cool for
those women to do that to them that is
sexual harassment because like she said
consent is consent consent is not a
smile it's not a shrug it's not it
consent is yes or no and I think it's
inappropriate I think people need to
learn to keep their hands to themselves
and I agree with you more than anything
I love millennial women because they
don't they go out and they are like
punch you in the throat until you start
calling out this behavior I don't mean
physically no I mean but like we've
we've been taking it on the chin and
we've been trying to take the higher
ground and has it worked for us no no it
hasn't so maybe it is time to say that's
not right you shouldn't be doing that
it's time that we yeah I think we can
deal in absolutes in this case like I
hear
you're saying I'm you wanting looking
for like a middle ground but for me
watch both tapes I think both wrong both
not okay and we should be speaking out
against it which is why I thought it was
really I don't know sometimes I worry
about how we cover the harassment of men
and how we say like Oh take it like a
man or boys will people or that sort of
thing and I think that's - I think
that's sexism as well and I think that's
absolutely wrong which is why I was so
impressed with the dialogue that we saw
on Weibo which is a social media forum
I'm not familiar with that they were
calling this out pretty decisively and
swiftly following the reporting saying
that's not okay and I think dealing in
those absolutes will lead to progress
because we have to do we have to draw
those lines because the guys who are who
have that mentality will justify doing
it to a woman because that man smiled
right and they take the wrong messages
so we have to draw the line and say and
I agree I think being complacent and
being come is being complicit at this
point you gotta go and there's a
initiative and Brazil called Letter work
where a fifty-two journal female
journalists are doing just that
spreading the message that this is not
okay because your question was why
didn't she on camera say listen what
just happened is effed up so and well I
can see why she did it because you you
try to be professional but it's also you
know what is the right time to say what
right well that's what this letter work
is trying to do at least it's equivalent
to the meet to moment if you will but
it's a start somewhere to easy ways for
the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
