President Trump on Tuesday called stormy
Daniels a quote hoarse bass and
denounced her legal efforts against him
as a quote total cons great now I can go
after horse face and her third-rate
lawyer remember the days when Obama wore
a tense suit yeah I do but I also
remember today the president called a
woman horse face oh well the same people
who lost their minds over Michelle wolf
making fun of Sarah sandoz's
eyeshadow said nothing zilch nada why
because you can't spill conservative
without selective outrage but let's
spell it out for you when you pledge
unabashed support to someone who has
called woman fat ugly slobs pig horse
face porch face said they were bleeding
from everywhere you don't have a case in
regards to the whole respecting woman
conversation also on that note Melania
it's a little hard to hear your case for
being bullied when you are married to
the nelson months of booing or even the
case of being the most bullied first
lady when your predecessor michelle
obama was vilified every single minute
of every moment she spent in office and
actually still is to this day but i
digress back to the whole Trump
continues to disparage woman
relentlessly think Trump ratcheted up
his legal and personal battle with
stormy Daniels on Tuesday calling her a
horse face and threatening to go after a
lawyer Michael avenatti
this is why I'm even more frustrated
about this because I need to talk about
that guy also and while I would rather
not spend any time discussing the
president's ongoing feud with an adult
film star he allegedly had an affair
with while his wife and kid lay at home
there's a sentence I never thought I'd
say I want to focus on the real issue
here the party of morals you know those
who are all about Family Values
respecting each other following the
conservative Christian practices that
are the bedrock of this nation when they
feel like it of course I mean it's not
like this president has wore a tan suit
or used mustard or anything like that
nothing that crazy but you'd still think
that the self-described party of
morality would have a little bit to say
over the president launched in such
tirades into the world I mean if they
care about women and all like they
reiterated time and time again during
the whole cabin our confirmation thing
you'd think they'd have something to say
on this anything Mitch
I mean maybe we're just being too
sensitive right we're the snowflakes
after all or are we angry crazy mobs I
just can't keep up these days but what's
easier follow conservative hypocrisy one
on one
come on this come over my Instagram at
Francis and Mac so to chat you can also
become a tu a team member at TYT Network
comm slice join never miss another
breakdown video by ringing the bell
below you'll get notified whenever we
publish something new and don't forget
to join TYT today download our TYT Plus
app on your phone or head over to TYT
comm / join
