if you thought that the tragic mass
murder of five journalists at the
Capitol Gazette last week would lead
Donald Trump to moderate his tone when
talking about journalists in the future
you must be new here
to American politics because that's not
happening so he had a rally yesterday
and of course he loves to talk about the
media and here is him doing just that
because I see it I see the way they're
right they're so damn dishonest because
some of the finest people I know are
journalists really hard to believe when
I say that I hate to say it but I have
to say but 75 percent of those people
are down right dishonest downright to
sign their fake their faith they make
the sources up they don't exist in many
cases anytime you say you know I saw one
of them said 15 anonymous sources I
don't have 15 people in the light I may
forget it 15 anonymous sources have said
all sorts of stuff these are really bad
people so they're really about it just
super fast the he doesn't 15 people
apparently his comms team has 40 people
so there's more than enough room for
those 15 of them sources I'm assuming he
means his comms team obviously in the
White House he's got hundreds of same
like part of a thought like any
abandoning because he realized how
stupid that sounds he's like even these
idiots won't buy this right but he ran
with it he the way he abandoned it as if
I'm not even gonna finish this because
do you already know I know even but you
go what I'm saying I was like oh yeah
what is it because he's some of the
anonymous sources or not of the source
don't just have to come from you a
communications department they come from
any one aides of other people in your
cabinet they're in meetings all the time
there's tons of people so yes that point
that he abandoned was that there's not
15 people in the White House there's not
50 people in the executive branch
yeah there's not enough for 15 people to
be to actually reveal anything is
happening that happens behind closed
doors they could be a source
an anonymous source Charles gasps Bruno
tweeted just heard POTUS at his rally
complaining about the use of anonymous
sources for the record he was one of
mine over the years and he used the
claim that it used to call into radio
stations and say his name was John baron
and then talking about how awesome
Donald Trump is I guess that's not
technically anonymous it's a made-up
name but it's still kind of underhanded
but that is I think the least troubling
part about what he just said a part of
it was he had that weird bit in the
middle where he said um some of them are
the finest people I know I hate to say
it I don't know why he hates to say that
but I realized when we talked about the
damage before I realized what he was
doing right there he said they're awful
awful people some of them are fine I'm
sure that's the way he talked about
Mexican rapists and murderers back when
he drove himself into our lives two
years ago or three years ago that's what
he thinks is the clarity the clarifying
effect like I mean I'm sure there's a
few I know those few and that's all that
it really counts but all side of that
all the rest of them are monsters
they're animals they're dogs there's
this want to destroy your life so follow
me it's it works for this kind of crowd
I mean I can respect that journalists
are annoying to people in power because
you're supposed to hold them accountable
I can respect that but it is weird I got
too weird a lot this is I'm in a weird
space in my life right now and he spoke
more negatively about journalism then
about racist in charlottesville yes some
people on both sides yeah because he's
the threat to him is the media because
the media job is to protect our sense of
reality and there's a lot that's messed
up about the media and it's pointed out
a massive general media mainstream media
on this network by and a lot but there
are specific examples there are specific
things that are pointed out it is not
this general sense of things moron say
by water coolers of like to some of them
I'm sure of fine
75% that's a number they're all stupid
and what's frustrating is he goes on TV
and says this in a place that is just
his base that's just his rally and
that little bit by bit growth of
insanity where you see him saying like
one thing might get a people to cheer
and people get used to cheery and he
says the next thing which is more insane
and you get to see more people cheering
the more insane thing and it just grows
and grows and it's just like when you
here's a group of people laughing across
the way and you're like oh it must be
funny over there you go and even if
they're insane people you're kind of
drawn in and a little curious and that's
what I'm afraid is happening yes media
in general every possible media outlet
out there it's not perfect but the
institution itself is important and
necessary especially in this country
especially right now you know we we
we're like reasonable people so we have
to keep saying things like obviously the
media has some problems oh we've done
enough of that
okay no screw him screw Donald Trump
he's trying to get journalists killed
that's what he's doing I think Brooke
you said that you have a weird feeling
from this I don't have a weird feeling I
have a sinking dreadful feeling that he
knows that less than a week ago someone
took a gun and went into a newsroom and
tried to kill as many journalists as
possible and less than a week later he's
telling his gun-toting rabid fans
they're very bad people they lie to you
purposefully about the most important
things happening in this country they
lie to you about me you're God and what
are you gonna do about very bad people
he didn't go back to saying enemy of the
people yet but very bad people is pretty
close he knows exactly what he's doing
there and you can say that there's no
direct link between what he has said
previously and what happened at the
Capitol Gazette but he knows that there
are people out there who despised the
media so much that they want to see them
killed some of them write in to us on a
daily basis and he goes in front of his
insane fans and tries to get them to
hate the media it's like I said in tdr
it's like a two-minute hate in 1984 he's
trying to get them riled up and the
target are the exact journalists that we
know are already at threat of death in
this country it is beyond irresponsible
it is purposefully trying to stoke
hatred and possible violence against
this group so I mean once it happened
with that would take is that last week
or here's the last week last Friday he
went on and said journalists like all
Americans should be free from the fear
of being violently attacked while doing
the job and under the pressure from all
these
politicians they also have to remember
they want to finally lowered the flag to
half-mast because he didn't wanna do
that because the Act doesn't care so
every time he has these condolences and
worries and concerns and the American
people should come together now I want
to provide you comfort thoughts and
prayers every time it gives any of those
remember there's no actionable policies
or anything he has honestly words after
that one statement he says that he
leaves gone done with that life not
going back to being Who I am it actually
despised all these folks because
remember his condolences after the I'm
in last three school shootings even
though there's one every week the
biggest ones which actually prompted
many students that come up parkland
everything right thoughts and prayers
condolences we need to come together I
can't believe this should never happen
in America what has he done about that
nothing the Vegas shooting thoughts and
prayers I can't believe it's horrible
tap in our country nothing has been done
about that so after this latest one
thoughts and prayers condolences can't
believe this happened he's out a week
later advocating the same type of
violence cuz he does not care so next
time he gives you those condolences
don't buy it you can straight up say it
like one of the survivors of this latest
of the big is that shooting she cursed
on air it was like you know I don't need
any more of it if that I don't need it
anymore approach it that way now and
it's sad where it's gotten there was a
video that BuzzFeed news put out of
these two kids outside our Trump rally
and we didn't have it with it but these
two like six-year-olds and they're
asking what and it's a BuzzFeed reporter
asking these two six-year-olds what do
you think about Trump's immigration
policy or something and what do you
whatever it was and they go there's too
many Mexicans we don't want the Mexicans
they're coming in they're taking our
jobs
they're overpopulating us their own
horse they're wearing maggot hats and
they have Trump shirts and they don't
know what they're saying of course
neither neither do the adults yeah and
the same thing but they're being raised
they believe the same thing it's an
elementary approach and that's that's a
big proof of that and it's in
yes exactly um but yeah they don't know
what they're saying but um the little
brown kids who are in kindergarten with
them know what it feels like to hear
that yeah yeah it's life-changing it's
devastating you can't wipe that out you
know for the rest of their lives
somebody's saying that your classmate
when you're sick saying that you could
go on and be a non racist and change his
life but that will always be a story in
your history there will always be
something that affected you that changed
you
that's the horrifying I haven't seen
that video I don't know yeah yeah and I
know so Brett and I we've been having
this this ongoing conversation about
obviously you you're more vocal
obviously we both want future
conversations politically to be about
the issues and I have this fear that the
damage he's doing outside of the issues
makes it impossible to get to that and
one of the things is I don't know how
quickly you can repair the damage done
to not like respect for the media or
whatever that's supposed to mean but
just accepting that generally the things
that are said in the media aren't
necessarily purposeful lies to you so
like when we in 2020 we want to have a
conversation about Medicare for all and
we say hey you know there's this
analysis showing you'll actually save a
bunch of money results will be better
there's all these countries they don't
believe that any of that is remotely
true they don't believe facts they don't
believe the media nothing that's
reported is true that's my fear and
we're seeing it every day I mean he's
not gonna back off we don't get two
weeks out of a mass murder of
journalists in this country anymore him
not so being a sort of patron
they'll have optimism that people want a
positive voice that cares about people
and I agree I do want the same thing if
that shuttle if that continues I think
that it can win and I think we need to
do that I think we need to have someone
say those things and there are people
out there that have potential to make
that happen
I think there's Trump fatigue but I
think people I mean it was a great thing
seeing Ocasio Cortes just list a bunch
of things she believes in because she
cares about people and that is so
refreshing and there's a lot of damage
being done every day it was horrifying
to see this video of these two kids I'm
afraid that in two weeks it's not gonna
be as horrifying to see stuff like that
in two months I'm not gonna notice it
but I think there are people out there
just
Trump pierced with this cynical
blabbering that's just rousing hate I
think if someone shows up that arouses
hope and the the optimistic spirit of
America then I think it can snap people
out of it and get us back on the range
on two easy ways for the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
