for over a year now there's been these
j-20 protester trials going on so the
people who taken part in the protest
during Donald Trump's inauguration
batches of them have been going through
the judicial system the government is
pissed at them for a variety of
different things now previously a number
of them had already had their cases
dismissed so far the government has not
been able to actually get any charges to
stick on any of them because it was
protesting and as of today the final 38
activists had their charges dismissed so
unless something changes that entire
process is now over and thankfully well
a few people had they had pled guilty to
minor infractions like the guttin fines
and community service none had actually
been found guilty of the charges the
government had put against them what is
the 20 stand for and the J it was
disrupt J 20 protests January 20th I
think exactly you know going for a while
but anyway good news obviously if you
didn't think that these charges were
found in the first place good to see
that they've finally been dropped and
the government can move on to other
things two easy ways for the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
