today Donald Trump's international trade
war has entered its next phase with big
tariffs going into effect between the US
and China actually being enacted on both
sides so this is a statement actually
from the Chinese Chinese authorities it
said that these new trade regulations
imposed by the Trump administration
which amount to a 25% tariff on thirty
four billion dollars worth of Chinese
imports have quote violated WTO rules
and launched the largest trade war in
economic history to date we don't know
for sure if it will actually be the
largest in history but while that is the
Chinese point of view it also might well
end up just being what actually happens
so we enacted those tariffs Chinese
authorities quickly retaliated with
equivalent tariffs on thirty four
billion dollars worth of imported u.s.
goods
previously promised as ranging from
vehicles to soybeans beef and other
agricultural products and in particular
China seemed eager to do these tariffs
in a way that would affect Trump
supporting States more than others and
so we've been talking about the various
promises that have gone back and forth
from Chinese and US leadership for a
while but now a big set of tariffs have
actually gone into effect but that's not
the end we're gonna have some more
information for you as well as we step
into this new phase I just hate this
feeling that Trump has talked about
doing something and how he's gonna
rattle a saber and now he's done it and
you know I particularly hate the feeling
of knowing that he's in charge during
all these moments because he has this
narrative of being this businessman
who's able to negotiate great deals but
I really haven't seen any of it and I do
believe that he believes in himself but
I do not believe that he has the ability
to really navigate these very difficult
complex waters appropriately I mean he's
been at a bunch of different industries
a bunch of random different industries
but nothing on the level of
manufacturing anything more than maybe
he's just been on branding like throwing
his name on it but in terms of like
supply chains that rely on raw resources
from different countries at different
levels at different level
of manufacture I just don't have any
confidence that he can really deliver
this trade war victory if they're ever
in the history of the world has been
trained also he also has to know what
that trade war of victory is what are
those numbers also the fact that a trade
war in the first place is something and
there's no definitive line it just kind
of starts happening and people are
affected by which people already are
businesses already are now the people in
these states that are Trump voting
states aren't gonna feel it right away
right now which is a little bit of his
buffer so the thing is this get worse
because now he's gonna promise larger
ones and then so when the retaliatory
tariffs come back to us then he's gonna
double down again because it's not
enough yet they haven't kowtow to his
demands yet so once that happens then he
thinks he's winning something but the
thing is we've participated in the world
an international trade and a where goods
are crossed over between different
countries that's what it works obviously
so the ones companies have to then take
up for the higher costs then they put it
to consumers that just doesn't happen
right away jobs get changed now that's
already happening there's been lowered
on hours for many workers it's with the
steel tariffs did happen right now so
that's the first effective part so
people have to their prices on things
have to start going up and their jobs
have to actually be lost first he's I
think I don't think he's consciously
thinking this he's hoping he being a
person would think about this it's
hoping that he can do this in the short
term and then the people will buck oh
early so there's no actual thing as felt
yet that would be a win for him but that
doesn't seem to be on the horizon
especially sees promising more so just
the people worried about what could
happen is where things could change I
mean markets and things like that and
people's business is moving over with
Harley Davidson he's fighting with now
he thinks that's just a way to go about
everything that's what's so weird is
he's like fighting with Harley Davidson
now this like it's if he's like this
expert messenger the like icon of
American open roads Manship is something
he's locked in this debate against and
now his voice has to make the decision
what do they like more Trump or
motorcycles and Howe and that's the
thing where it's like maybe that will be
the breakdown that opens some leeway for
people that are against Trump to kind of
go through and message to those key
voters who end up living in places like
Wisconsin
Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania yeah I
haven't already been there before the
where people are kind of voting against
the greater good of them folks yes there
I was when you ain't great I was like
not even great just directly themselves
yeah when it comes to certain jobs or an
industry they're still there at the
bottom hanging on by a thread they're
all losing their jobs and certain
industries and being like but he knows
what he's doing
well what I would have if I did so I
totally for a long time but I would have
expected that some of the symbolic stuff
could have cut through that that okay
they will they'll vote for someone who's
doesn't have their economic interest at
art they've been doing that for
literally decade after decade after
decade but Harley Davidson is supposed
to be this conservative iconic thing
about Americana open roads Manship as
you said but uh so jr. alluded to the
next set of tariffs that could
theoretically happen and we don't have
to wait to get at least some idea of
what it might look like because Donald
Trump has been talking about in the last
24 hours hours before the deadline for
the tariffs we're gonna take places late
last night Donald Trump up the ante
warning that the US may ultimately
target over five hundred billion dollars
worth of Chinese goods or roughly the
total amount of US imports from China
last year he would go higher except that
that doesn't actually that can't work
because we only bring in so much and to
give you an idea of of how little
thought actually goes into this he just
pops from idea to idea yesterday on Air
Force One he vowed to implement tariffs
on an additional 16 billion dollars
worth of imported Chinese goods within
the month so he's in one part was mine
he's thinking maybe half a billion
dollars maybe all of what you know our
trade with China and then randomly
thinks at sixteen billion dollars we do
that for now was it like blue collar
jobs in America need help right and I'm
not again like protectionist trade
policies and some version or another can
make sense and sometimes are necessary
it is crazy that the most protectionist
person in the world right now is a
Republican president and I don't know
what the next step is I just keep coming
back to this idea of like Trump's the
one making these decisions Trump's the
one rattling his saber this loudly and
there are real people's jobs at
and he's offsetting any potential gains
that the economy has been making right
now despite of because of who knows any
marginal already these these tax cuts
are not going to like actual workers
aren't going to actual people maybe
there's some in line with inflation rise
in your income but that's going away
with these specific types of tariffs the
Trump is just kind of generally flout
like shooting around and it's whatever
extra money you get because of a healthy
economy right now you're going to lose
because things like you know your
produce and the things you buy on the
regular basis are going to be more
expensive if there's there's other
aspects of this too that um that I that
I found out more was part of the war
it's not always just based on the money
so even the perishable goods like pork
meats fruits things like that that go
through these customs these these other
countries can also delay them keep them
in their ports longer and then they rot
I mean this so that's the thought of oh
man the company's losing those goods we
know what that's um
those are goods and how much how many
people in the world itself need these
things I mean just perishable goods
where you eat you know and we're just
letting it rot because of one guy's ego
and his ability his desire to want to be
the head honcho and biggest badass of
the world that's all it's all he's
thinking about so then but then in the
meantime food and products like that
just rot at ports because of the
retaliatory nature of these things
coming from states that overwhelmingly
support Donald Trump too which is
fascinating to me and you have
Republican congressman coming out
against this because it affects the
people in their area but you almost knew
this was happening so is it too late to
be like okay I'm against this I saw
everyone against him say this wasn't a
good idea and I ignored that but now
don't be mad at me well I don't say I
think he talked about these tariffs
during the campaign it was one of the
things I guess it wasn't sexy people
didn't want to focus on it but he talked
about just blanket I think he said 35%
tariffs for all trade with other
countries he's targeted a little bit
more pretty much just against our allies
honestly but he'd been talking about
that time and for the I guess for the
moderates you might be watching or if
there are some Trump supporters who
might be watching you might think that
we're reading this wrong the numbers
it'll work out in the end they'll
they'll they'll give up they'll
surrender and the deals will end up
being better a maybe that might work but
I also want you to understand that while
this is going on Donald Trump is trying
to win you over by implying that he is
being strong to China China has been
screwing all of us over they've been
cheating us and only he will stand up to
them but have they been screwing
everyone over and after all you know
that his products that he sells are made
in China Ivanka Trump who you love her
clothes are made in China you might
think well that's been around for a long
time maybe now he's gonna you know be
more pro-american in what he what he
gets made and what he sells we already
found out that they've done they begun
ordering flags for his reelection
campaign that will be made in China at
the meantime he throws up new tariffs
are they hurting him no he's not trying
to sell buildings to China it doesn't
affect his business directly at all but
for you if you're trying to sell goods
to China have fun with the new tariffs
they're putting on your goods coming in
and if you're trying to buy things
coming from China which is a significant
portion of what we bring in from other
countries you're now gonna pay more for
it so he can imply that he's got your
back but when it comes to dollars and
cents he's doing just fine as he makes
you hurt more and more month by month
one of one more small example because
there was companies I read through a
bunch of them that the things that
they're paying for in the first round of
this one particular company said they
kept jobs here because a lot of meleave
like the way Harley Davidson did this
particular only kept their jobs here the
West Bend company that they paid from
150,000 to 175,000 for more steel and
aluminum as a result of this they said
they kept their jobs here and the head
of the company said I almost feel like
we're being punished for that because
now you're paying more because you said
I'm going American I'm sticking with the
patriotic approach to my country because
that's what Donald Trump always preaches
but as he does it he punishes those
people directly so does he hear those
things number two there's an
isolationist approach this now they
think other countries can't start
trading with each other and eliminate
our aspect of it yeah I know America the
biggest country it's very necessary our
products and goods and trades are needed
I get that but after you've ruffled all
of this and thrown everything up in the
air there's gonna be new partnerships
that have been forged yep and how hard
is that to undo after you've made your
point
no one knows this better than Chyna who
went into like isolation for a hundred
years and her coming out being like
alright we're ready to play and maybe
they're not so afraid to go a little bit
further that way and that's like China
looks it has been judging Trump based on
his actions recently and he said he's
this expert negotiator he goes over to
Pyongyang and they sign a treaty and
then nothing happens except like them
the building of nuclear facilities even
bigger afterwards and there's that plus
like what does try to have to wait two
years maybe something else will change
you know and they have total control of
every facet of the economy top to bottom
and they can do way the trunk and they
have a multi-decade plan that for us
this is live or die this is Trump even
potentially doubling how long he's in
office but you know changing is term
limit by a hundred percent but for the
current you know is Xi Jinping it's just
like yeah it's another twenty four
months we'll see to easy ways for the
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
