I don't know if you've heard about this
but Justice Kennedy's retiring and now
people are speculating as to why and
it's because of his his relationship his
son who's a banker had a relationship
with Trump so let's go this is from
Think Progress
it's the suspicious business
relationship between Trump and Justice
Kennedy's son so this is from Think
Progress while there's no evidence that
Justin Kennedy's business or so Justin
Kennedy is his Supreme Court Justice
Kennedy's son Justin the justices son
Justin that's kind of confusing
Justin Kennedy's business relationship
with Trump played any role in his
father's decision to retire at a time
when Trump is positioned to be able to
select his successor and following a
term in which Kennedy regularly sided
with the courts for conservative
justices to cast deciding votes in cases
dealing with issues like Trump's travel
ban and abortion political observers
have noted the connection Trump's latest
financial disclosure revealed that he
still owns up to one hundred and seventy
five million dollars to deutsche bank
the New York Times reported that Special
Counsel Robert Muller has subpoenaed
information about the loans the reason
why this is interesting is because
Justice Kennedy's son left goldman sachs
to go be like Trump's personal banker
over at Deutsche Bank that's why this is
a big deal
and and they had a great relationship
in fact Trump was very fond of Justice
Kennedy's son and here's a little bit
more on this during mr. Kennedy's tenure
deutsche bank became mr. Trump's most
important lender dispensing well over a
billion dollars in loans to him for the
renovation and construction of
skyscrapers in New York and Chicago at a
time other mainstream banks were weary
of doing business with him because of
his troubled business history the Trump
family's relationship with Justice
Kennedy's family goes beyond friendship
as the New York Times detailed in a
recent article about the White House's
quiet
campaign to create a Supreme Court
opening Justin Kennedy who spent more
than
decade working in a senior role at
Deutsche Bank may may been more
responsible than anyone else for saving
the Trump family's business during the
darkest days of the Great Recession so
there's a lot of speculation that the
white house created a quiet campaign to
create a Supreme Court so what were they
doing that they would manipulate Justice
Kennedy into retiring as Justice Kennedy
doing a favor for Trump because of the
relationship that his son has with Trump
and Deutsche Bank this was a lot of
speculation well here is a video of
Trump after the surpassed
State of the Union address and he's
going to come over to Justice Kennedy
and he says that's very nice coming from
you and say hello to your boy special
guy meaning Justin and then Kennedy
Justice Kennedy said your kids have been
very nice to him and Trump says they
love him and they love him in New York
he's a great guy and here it is I'll
show it to you here it is
so there is talking to Justice Kennedy
about his kid oh he's a great guy and my
kids love and they love him in New York
I'm guessing the Trump business people
love him in New York of course cuz he's
giving them money from deutsche bank and
a friend of the show near a tendon
tweeted out just to state this Justice
Kennedy son gave a billion dollar loan
to Trump when no one would give him a
dime and Justice Kennedy has been ruling
in favor of the Trump administration
position for two years as the court
decides 5-4 case after 5-4 case so what
do you Emily throw it to the panel Steve
what do you do you think that there's
does it look certainly looks not good
well again we're all just speculating
yeah that's the fact that such a cozy
relationship exists between these
so-called separate branches of
government where we're supposed to have
checks and balances is very
disconcerting you know yes yeah at best
and if there is an outright coordination
if there isn't one there's that
appearance of impropriety that is this
unsettling right and that's really bad
for a democracy because it just goes to
the level of distrust that we're gonna
have in our government because my
goodness I mean but this goes back to
what Scalia was alive he used to go
hunting and her out with with the people
he ate with Dick Cheney right nuts so
I'm not saying people can't handle I was
hanging out with people billionaires he
was deciding about yeah so this is where
he died was yeah yeah yeah he was at a
billionaires ranch when he died yeah so
it's it's unfortunate because it really
makes the the public have more distrust
of government and and and the problem
with that is you know consider
conservatives want that they want
distrust of government distrusted
undermine go yes and they want to
destroy all the they can privatize
everything exactly right
so you know the frustrating thing is
that when the right-wingers and
conservatives do these terrible things
within the government they they fulfill
two objectives one is they immediately
enrich themselves
and number two the undermine our faith
in government which then allows them to
say seek government doesn't work we
should dismantle it all yes right so
that's why single-payer is so
threatening to neo liberals and the
right-wing is because it proved to
people that government actually does
work everybody has everybody who's on
Medicare knows how well government works
for them because they had private
insurance up to the point they turn 65
and now they realize how crappy that
private insurance was and how what a
great job the most popular health
insurance program in the country by far
is Medicare so then they realize oh the
government actually does this better
than Blue Cross and Aetna yes because
they're not trying to screw you because
the government doesn't have a profit
motive in delivering health care to you
they just want you to get better
we've come to another end of the
aggressive progressives but you haven't
heard the end there's a lot more to this
show and you can get it earlier when it
actually drops so the news is timely
what do you got to do to have that
happen go to tea white tea network.com
slash join become a member
