on Monday Donald Trump welcomed Prime
Minister mark route of the Netherlands
to the White House where things actually
got off to a very good start
we actually saw media outlets tweeting
things out mostly right-wing nudity
media outlets and media outlets from the
UK tweeting out the fact that all look
the Liberals are wrong there's no
tension between the United States and
the European Union look at this he's
meeting with Prime Minister root
everything is going great and then
everything suddenly started not going
great as pretty much everyone could have
expected because Donald Trump during
this meeting during the time when
they're both sitting in their chairs and
you have the media all around them
taking the pictures and asking questions
Trump starts to talk about tariffs right
and he's put billions upon billions of
dollars worth of tariffs on goods coming
from the EU into the United States and
he started to talk about why this is a
good thing tariffs are good he said and
immediately upon saying that phrase
tariffs are actually a positive
prime-minister route and my apologies if
I'm pronouncing his name incorrectly but
anyway Prime Minister root shouted no he
interrupted Donald Trump's horrible
little diatribe by shouting no he then
said tariffs are not good to which
Donald Trump replied just think about
those cars that pour in here route again
interrupted and said it's not positive
we have to work something out see Donald
Trump doesn't understand what he's doing
with these trade wars he doesn't
understand the impact that tariffs
actually have both on other countries
and here in the United States so it was
refreshing for him to actually talk to a
fellow world leader who does understand
that and who wasn't willing to sit
quietly by as Donald Trump's spread
these lies but what's gonna happen now
because we know how fragile Donald
Trump's ego is we know how vindictive
and petty and spiteful this man is and
now that we've had the prime minister of
the Netherlands yell no to him I can
only imagine what kind of horrible
retaliatory actions
Trump is going to take against the
European Union now we're going to see
more tariffs not just because of this
interaction but because Donald Trump is
a moron we're gonna see more jobs lost
here in the United States we're going to
see more people suffering and we're
going to see more world leaders looking
at Donald Trump like the idiot that he
is because they know how to govern
Donald Trump does not
