two nights ago Jeff sessions made a big
move that he perhaps understandably
believed the media would not pay
attention to because it was on 4th of
July Eve that's when you dumped news
that the media is not going to pay
attention to and people aren't gonna be
watching it even if they did they're
getting ready for the holiday they're
off they're drinking they're blowing
fireworks over my house every 30 minutes
for some reason light out you came to
see them I don't understand what you're
doing it but they do however it is now
past the 4th of July
we here at TYT have not forgotten so we
are now going to talk about what Jeff's
Jeff sessions actually did and what he
did was rescind 24 different guidance
documents if you're not familiar with
them then you are similar to me because
I wasn't before this story but they're
important what they do is they provide
basic legal and political understanding
to a variety of different minority
groups giving them information about
different aspects of the law what their
rights are what should and can happen
and so he rescinded 24 of them saying
that they were unnecessary outdated
inconsistent with existing law or
otherwise improper or at the very least
inconvenient and he blamed previous
administrations for trying to impose new
rules on the American people without any
public notice now he's saying it's like
it's like we're putting new regulations
on people I want to read what some of
these were because it's clear that these
are not putting new rules on people
these are providing protections and
guidance and information for people that
is what is so inconvenient
so as I said there were 24 we're not
going to break down all of them but
revocations 1 through 7 deal with the
way children are treated when they are
suspected or accused of breaking the law
they generally require juveniles to not
be housed with adult inmates when
juveniles are housed with adults under
one of those limited exceptions they
must be separated from the sights and
sounds of adult incarceration they seek
to provide alternatives to jail for
youths who commit acts which due to
their age are crimes things like
drinking truancy running away and
smoking so that's the first 7 does that
sound to you like new rules on the
American people no it sounds like
protections for people who are going to
be potentially like they drank or they
run away and so now you want to house
them with rapists and murderers you know
once you have them in custody they no
longer have the guidance or referal
reference points to find out how to
actually protect themselves within the
law those do
things aren't gone yeah they're just not
accessible to use folk somewhere that's
a very big part of this so it's making
it sound like always pulling back all
these overreaching laws no no he's just
not giving them opportunity to
participate in the judicial system he
doesn't want you to know yeah yeah okay
let's talk about some more of them
number nine deals with research into
whether schools disproportionately dole
out punishments on the basis of race
national origin native language sex or
disability it also deals with research
into the role of school resource
officers those guys so many Republicans
are desperate to see packing heat these
days so our schools punishing people
maybe because they're non-white I mean
we know that that happens they were
gonna look into it are they going to now
I don't know that these guidance
documents are gone our school resources
that officers actually good are they
worth the money do they actually stop
acts of violence and things like that
well they're gonna do research I think I
want you now I don't know the guidance
documents are gone numbers 10 through 11
involve people seeking a mortgage number
11 involves warning against so-called
predatory home equity loans it warns
people especially those with poor credit
and the elderly to carefully review the
terms of home improvement laws on loans
so that's one of those burdensome rules
that Obama and previous administrations
wanted to put on people is there a
reason potentially that we would advise
people to look into the terms of their
mortgages do you remember what happened
a decade ago and what might well happen
in the next few years and what became
marginally more likely to happen now
that we've gotten rid of that guy in his
document okay number 12 takes aim at a
George W Bush era document prepared to
alert all Americans about the
unconstitutional nature of being
discriminated against on the basis of
their national origin that it's simply
advice to people that this is not an
area you can be discriminated on and
it's now gone okay that's targeting
directly people who could be
discriminated against based off of their
national origin I wonder why they would
want that gone now that's weird
numbers 13 and 14 deal with workers
rights for various classes of immigrants
18 through 24 aimed at various
recipients of affirmative action
policies of course we also know as of a
few days ago they're getting rid of the
push that was instituted under Obama for
racen and national
and things like that to be included in
considerations for getting into schools
and so by the way the department justice
has already removed most of those items
completely from its website there is no
historical record available on most of
those anymore thankfully some people
journalists already had copies of them
that's the only reason we even know what
they were the the the head Jeff Sessions
the biggest I guess attorney lawyer
whatever happened in the country law
enforcement official now with this
that's the term we use again the job
when you head up an agency in this
administration is to take away the
effectiveness of people's rights under
within that agency so again the only one
that when I first read this the just the
overall reach of it the one thing that
they I'm not stroke was allowed out or
certain only news outlets that I read
about it only thing they point out was
the refugees and asylees have the right
to work aspect of it they're like okay
so the red meat to our people as hey so
you know these people that keep coming
across the board that we've deemed
subhuman they're trying to work and take
your jobs this is why they're coming
ms-13 has your job at McDonald's so then
the the thought is okay he's eliminating
this this aspect is me trying to come in
a stimulating turn in to our country and
take over and and and I guess infiltrate
and kill us whatever it is that they're
saying that's the one that got out not
all the rest of these that actually
affect everyone yeah well not not
certain people but generally affect our
well another one that point out to me
and I'm gonna go real fast targets
people who don't understand English
particularly well but who may
nevertheless occasionally find
themselves in need of accessing the US
Court system
yeah so if you if there's a way that you
can see what else is going on or maybe
read your your legal rights and maybe
speak another language better or another
language all together period you don't
have that anymore
yeah yeah and by the way so this is one
night one Randy evening in the life of
Jeff Sessions and here's the thing like
thankfully somebody saw that these
documents had been removed and they had
copies of them already how do we know
that this has to happen with a number of
other documents
I mean God only we've already talked
about how they've stripped the
government servers
of information having do with climate
change there was that um there was a
database just to give an idea of how
petty they can be there's a database of
puppy mills and the abuses that they had
committed that was used to help regulate
these puppy mills in a number of
different states they wiped all of that
information off the internet as well the
amount like there is no level that they
will not stoop to to shred your rights
any sort of protection that was coming
your way from the government I mean
obviously as we talk about any number of
times on a daily basis for all too often
under both Democratic and Republican
presidents they have been there to serve
the wealthy and corporations but every
once in a while something good is done
and then you get a president like Donald
Trump in that reverses all of that wipes
out the environment regulations wipes
out any reforms in the criminal justice
system whatever progress you got you
have been set at least back to the
beginning if now further two easy ways
for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
