the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below
we are still uncertain as to the
whereabouts of Saudi journalists Jamal
khashoggi he was a journalist living
here in the United States due to self
exile after he was critical of the Saudi
royals so he feared for his own safety
however after going to the Saudi
consulate in Turkey to get a document he
needed to marry his Turkish fiancee he
never came out of the consulate and now
it is becoming more and more clear that
he was likely murdered now I'm gonna
give you more details on why it is now
more accepted that he is likely dead but
before I do so I want to be clear with
you guys about what the Trump
administration's stance on this is now
Mike Pompeo did go to Saudi Arabia to
meet with the Saudi royals I'll give you
the details on that in just a second but
the latest breaking news on this has to
do with Donald Trump's interview with
The Associated Press and what his
thoughts are on the mounting pressure to
do something in response to what Saudi
officials allegedly did here and he has
already said that he is not planning on
halting or stopping the sale of weapons
to the Saudis and now he's also saying
according to this interview with The
Associated Press here we go again with
you're guilty until proven innocent yeah
no he's thought about rogue killers what
rogue killers yeah I know
Oh Jay snuck into the embassy and killed
Khashoggi okay there ain't no rogue
killers it was a Saudi government and
the Saudi government doesn't send
fifteen assassins into a different
country by accident it's not like oh
well oh my god the Park Secretary of the
transportation to prove that it didn't
go all the way up to the head of the
country
no the labor secretary accidentally sent
the 15 assassins no it's preposterous
you only do that if you want to cover up
for Saudi Arabia and of course that's
what Donald Trump wants to do now
yesterday's sources spoke to CNN
anonymously and told CNN
that the Saudis are preparing to admit
that Khashoggi has died but they are
going to spin the story to essentially
say that it was an interrogation that
went wrong and that the Saudi royals
knew nothing about this
even though khashoggi was a journalist
living in the United States because he
was he was fearful that the Saudi royals
would go after him and murder him
because he was so critical of him of
them in his writing so let's talk about
layers of absurdities yeah okay so an
interrogation gone awry well look you
know we were interrogating him and and
our hand slipped and dismembered his
entire body how is that gone awry
I would like we were waterboarding him
and we accidentally drowned him okay
well first of all you're already doing
torture
so if interrogation is did you do it
what have you said what do you know
right an interrogation isn't what we
brought him to the edge of death
oops I dammit it turns out he died
that's not a legitimate interrogation
that's point number one point number two
is apparently he was dismembered so even
if you were doing torturous
investigation and interrogation you
don't slip and accidentally chop up
eight different parts of his body right
actually I think point number one should
be why was he being interrogated when he
went to the Saudi consulate in Turkey to
get the document he needed to marry his
fiancee
that's why why did he need to be
interrogated and remember the first
story or the first answer that we heard
from the Saudis in response to this was
that no we insist that he left the
consulate
he left the consulate there's no way
that you know he was murdered or that we
had anything to do with this he went in
he came out no one can explain it but
that's what happened now the final
absurdity if we're on to number four or
five now is and and boy the the 15 guys
in that team their pictures have been
identified by the Turkish government
they're in a world of hurt because some
of them are very likely going to be
thrown under a bus
and in Saudi Arabia that could be
literal so they're gonna find the rogue
killers so here are their options find
someone that is not on that 15 person
team and say he's the one who authorized
it in reality that person will not be a
friend of the Saudi government it will
be an enemy of the Saudi government
they'll frame him 100 percent and murder
a second person who they did not like
that is the most likely outcome but if
there's too much heat and they got to
pick somebody from the 15 person team
they will execute one many or all of
them and partly because they know what
happened right and say hey thanks for
doing us that favor that we told you we
ordered you to do now I'll murder you
for doing the thing that I ordered you
to do so some of that murder is coming
up next from the Saudi government I
could be wrong we'll see we'll find out
right they will probably we'll see if
they name someone we'll see what they do
with that person we'll see if it's at
all connected to this and but here's
what's not going to happen Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman raises his hand and
goes yeah yeah it was me
I ordered the execution and
dismemberment of that journalist because
I didn't like what he said about me and
now what could happen is now you know
what we all have pretty good sense of
what the reality is
now if the Trump administration was
genuine and honest they would say that's
unacceptable and Trump talked about
severe consequences and it would do
those severe consequences why they would
say I don't want anybody living in
America permanent resident or not
citizen or not that is a journalist
working for an American media
organization to walk into any embassy in
the world and risk dismemberment that's
a very very bad precedent so there will
be consequences or Trump could do what
he appears he's more likely to do which
is help the Saudis cover up their murder
because he makes money from it he makes
money with the Saudi government they
gave him a bunch of contracts as soon as
he was elected they go and spend
inordinate amounts of money at his hotel
they changed from other hotels to Trump
hotels right after you won the election
in order to butter up and bribe our
president more and our president loves
bribes it always goes back to Trump's
own self-interests is he making
money is he somehow enriching himself
with whatever he's doing and that's the
main reason why he's already pushing
this narrative indicating that Saudi
Arabia is being treated unfairly why are
we treating them as if they're guilty
before you know being proven innocent
just all of all of this narrative that
you saw with the Brett Kavanaugh
hearings which you see with every other
political issue that comes up where
Trump is involved and honestly the thing
that keeps as we cover this story the
thing that keeps coming back to my
memory is the interaction that we had at
the RNC where and this is why so as you
guys know as we were doing our live show
hours that got crashed by Alex Jones and
Roger stone and in the middle of that
whole debacle I don't know what Alex
Jones is exact wording was but he
essentially accused us of supporting
Saudi Arabia and you can hear at you
here Jake very clearly very clearly
saying we criticize Saudi Arabia all the
time we criticize anyway the reason why
I bring that up is because so where's
where's Roger stone I would say where's
Alex Jones but he's been blocked
everywhere because he's a clown but like
where's the right wing that was very
much concerned about this type of
behavior in the Muslim world right are
they upset about this are they angry at
Trump for refusing to do anything about
this and by the way another thing that
Trump says over and over again if you
listen to any interview or read any
interview that he's done in response to
this he keeps emphasizing that khashoggi
was not an American citizen that he was
a resident essentially downplaying the
value of his life to get people to think
this isn't really that big of a deal if
you're an American you don't need to
worry about this I mean he wasn't an
American citizen he was just a resident
it doesn't matter once you allow any
country to just willy-nilly murder
journalists because they don't like the
things that this journalist is writing
about you're right jank it sets a
dangerous precedent especially when it
happens in a consulate or embassy well
so now last two things related to what
you're saying Anna is it during when
they crashed
and I had not thought to connect those
two things but Roger stone also said we
know what you've been saying on air so
their attack against the media has been
persistent and before he even became
president they've taken it too absurd
levels Trump has called the media the
enemy of the people now when a member of
the media is apparently murdered by the
Saudis and dismembered now he's talking
about oh well who could know really and
maybe it was Road killers and and and
not the Saudi government itself and that
the Saudis have been treated unfairly
I think Khashoggi was treated fairly
unfairly not the Saudi government okay
no and for us we do nuance so are the
Saudi people bad people of course not
our Muslims overall bad people of course
not is the government of Saudi Arabia
dictatorial and reprehensible at about a
thousand different ways yes absolutely
we've said it from day one we said it
before anybody else said it because a
lot of times the mainstream media until
stuff like this happened well the Saudis
kid gloves their allies their allies you
just got to leave them alone no we don't
you can be consistent with allies and
enemies if you actually have real
principles okay now I asked the mango
guys who don't do nuanced really you
yeah color you surprised I know you guys
loved it when Trump said we're gonna ban
the Muslims and during the campaign he
said until we figure out what the hell
is going on we're gonna ban all Muslims
you love that talk right is a
truth-teller
go get him Donald Trump right I don't
know if you know this the Saudis are
Muslims okay and the 15 out of 19
hijackers came from Saudi Arabia the
Sunni insurgency that killed thousands
of our troops funded by Saudi Arabia
these guys have been killing us for a
long long time not the Saudi people but
yes people connected to the Saudi
government and that Saudi government now
now dismembers our journalists what
happened I thought the tough
Trump was gonna be tough all of a sudden
putting soft oh hey oh hey it's a
dictator a dictator that gives contracts
and Donald Trump had dictated that pace
off defense contractors and buys
billions of dollars of weapons from them
everybody in Washington's filthy rich
from these guys so all of a sudden
Donald Trump with a big bear hug for the
worst Muslims in the world as I said a
billion times we believe that Muslims
are like every other human being there's
a good guys bad guys super obvious to
anyone who's rational but if you thought
Muslims are bad the Saudi government is
the worst of the worst and Donald Trump
just said oh they're being treated
unfairly what happened I thought he was
on your side it turns out he's on his
side all he cares about is his own money
what is it gonna get through your thick
head that he's deeply deeply corrupt one
other thing I just want to quickly add
in regard to the weapons that are being
sold to Saudi Arabia look we've been
pretty tough on Democrats in Congress
for I think fair reasons and very
obvious reasons but when it comes to the
sale of weapons to the Saudis
congressional Democrats have actually
successfully put a hold on a number of
weapons in response to the saudi-led
Coalition in Yemen and how its led to
the murders of nearly 60,000 civilians
in the country and so the Saudis are now
concerned that because of what happened
to Khashoggi they're going to put even
more holds on the weapons that are being
sold and so what did they do they
immediately ran to trump and had a
conversation with him about this and
we'll see how this goes
but look while we're talking about this
and we're talking about what's happening
in front of everyone just keep in mind
the types of conversations that happen
behind the scenes because at the end of
the day everything goes back to money
everything goes back to you know who
profits what weapons are being sold
who gets to benefit from those weapons
those are the issues that you should
focus on the details you should focus on
when it comes to this story not the rig
Kilis deflections from Trump where he
tries to compare the murder of this
journalist - what happened to Kavanagh
you know what though I did amuse myself
as you were making that point and I and
realizing there will now be some manga
guys who are like well look good the
Saudis are good guys so there's salaries
I mean like their most fundamentalist
Muslims are like they don't like the
best Muslims like yeah and the ones
together hey
he killed a member of the media that's
good that's good yeah I mean I always
like the Muslims can't wait can't wait
you're probably not wrong yeah plus they
hate gays I hate case they hate the
media you had tremendous chemistry you
know they did tremendous chemistry with
the Saudis
he had good energy with them he had good
energy he made a good deal with that so
they kill news reporter beautiful he was
a good deal it was a good deal we made
money he made money and I got
dismembered it was a good deal
I can't wait go go for it mega guys go
for it defend Saudi Arabia defend the
most fundamentalist government in the
world the most corrupt I mean of any
religion but certainly of the Muslims go
ahead defend them can't wait thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT calm slash join
