it looks like we got him or he got
himself either way
Scott Pruitt's out good riddance but
don't celebrate just yet the guy who's
replacing it might be no better we will
turn to that at some point but we were
talking about Scott Pruett he has been
the target of the hashtag boot Prewitt
campaign for some time there are about
two thousand reasons why he never should
have held that position in the first
place and certainly shouldn't hold it as
long as he did but he is now out and the
major staffing change vpa had
transitioning out was announced in the
same way that all major White House
staffing changes are announced on
Twitter so we have a tweet from Donald
Trump saying I've accepted the
resignation of Scott Pruett as the
administrator of the EPA within the
agency Scott has done an outstanding job
of shredding regulations and doomy
assault to a post-apocalyptic future
sorry he didn't leave the hey anybody
want to put that in but there weren't
enough characters sorry he actually did
tweet more though I will always be
thankful to him for this the Senate
confirmed deputy DPA Andrew wheeler on
Monday to assume the duties as Acting
Administrator of the APA I have no doubt
that Andy will continue on with our
great and lasting EPA agenda we've made
tremendous progress in the future of the
EPA is very bright insofar as the future
of an organization that is now a dark
tiny shell of what it once was can be
bright it's a little ironic because the
you know there's so many I guess
officials that have been put in position
with the Trump ministration that have
been put in their positions I'm we're
going to talk about hopefully talk about
a ben Carson later than HUD and the
point is to dismantle that organization
and make sure that whatever it is the
previous person in that position did is
undone and it's actually the opposite of
what the head of that organization has
to everything that Scott Pruett was
doing as far as his official work and
not the unofficial scandals that he was
involved in mm-hm had to do with
dismantling what was previously done
having nothing to do with actual
environmental protection that wasn't the
idea the idea was to do away with
everything that they did with the
environment so that you could assure in
the the innovation of more dirty air
dirty water and rampant corporations to
do whatever they wanted without any with
no police watching him honestly look we
we long ago back during the initial
hearings when all these people are
getting their jobs we warned
these people were being put in
specifically to undermine and dismantle
the organizations that they were put in
charge of actually later on the show
we're gonna have an example of that once
again with Ben Carson but I don't know
if there is anyone who is a better
example of that then Scott Pruett a few
weeks ago I tweeted a list of dozens of
environmental regulation changes that
have been made in just the first year
the list is endless
there's a 33 they've been overturned
this is this is the beginning of this
calendar year 33 had been overturned 24
roll backs were in process in tin ore in
limbo there's gonna have a few of those
33 proposed ban on a potential harmful
pesticide you know cuz that's a bad
thing
these are rolled back they were put into
place for previous to him coming in
methane reporting requirement why why
should you have to report any methane is
86 times worse for the atmosphere than
carbon but not just that the Keystone XL
pipeline anti dumping rule for coal
companies you know why who cares
the Dakota access pipeline situation
third party settlement funds offshore
drilling ban in the Atlantic and the
Arctic I could keep going
I mean I'm scroll down three times
notice it's the same every one of those
disastrous yeah not I mean obviously
look based on my background in my work I
focused mostly on climate change she's
been an absolute disaster potentially
irreparable damage done to our ability
to fight climate change but even if
you're not interested in climate change
the the the pollution regulations that
he's pushed back people's lives are in
danger because of the changes to
regulations that Scott Pruett made
obviously with with Donald Trump
Scott Pro is one of the greatest reap we
explained back during the last election
why the literal worst possible outcome
is Donald Trump becoming president it's
because people like Scott Pruett will
gain power power to both stop i'm--it's
for years where we don't get any new
environmental regulations nothing being
done about carbon nothing being done
about pollution
except that as you point out rolling
black back all of the hard-fought
victories that we've had during Obama
and previous to Obama on any number of
these different issues pulling out of
the Paris climate courts all of that
which I'll get into a military finished
dog which also shows if if you're a
riddled with all the scanners which I
assume you're going to get into a little
bit of that he went through as long as
you do in the bidding of what they
wanted to tear down everything with EPA
you're safe you can openly do these
things
yeah and again if you go into them it's
fine but if you often I do these things
you can get away with it in front of
everyone as people approach in
restaurants as we saw just happen last
week or earlier this week with a woman
and a child and it just doesn't matter
because your safe is long thing the the
bidding president which will take down
anything that the agency wants to do
yeah they don't care about the hand
lotion they don't care about that one
honestly I'm not entirely sure why he
was pushed out it's possible he'll end
up as the AG tomorrow he could be on the
Supreme Court by this time next week for
all we know but I do want to mention
some of the scandals so here's a few
transgressions which have caused varying
amounts of media interest over the past
few months span from his deal with the
wife of a top energy lobbyist for deeply
discounted housing huge raises he gave
friends against the instructions of the
White House flying first-class using his
office to try to secure his wife a
chick-fil-a franchise enlisting aides
get her a lucrative work elsewhere he
specifically said that he wanted her to
get a job with a salary of at least
$200,000
he had a $43,000 phone booth he wanted
to secure a used mattress from a Trump
Hotel that's literally news I'm not
making that up although it sounds
ridiculous by the way Scott Pruett we're
gonna need you to give back two tactical
pants of the hand lotion no big deal
no questions asked to wash them first
please but we're gonna need that stuff
back no this guy he obviously had these
huge scandals but here is my frustration
we mentioned them because it's important
but I think that people are gonna focus
on that part
the scandals have bad exactly but they
are nothing compared to the
environmental damage nothing compared to
the damage done to our ability to
control out of control at present
climate change and I don't like we have
to focus on the the scandals to some
extent we can't have these ethical
violations we can't have literally
crimes being committed in office but the
environmental damage that he did is
obviously for me because that can t be
connected focus on the ones like again I
actually missed this one he and his son
went to a university of kentucky
basketball game and they were sent there
by billionaire coal executives so it's
the kinds of connections ietting and the
$50 room condo near the capital or
wherever it was in DC enough passenger
dollar affections yeah all that but
thing is that condo was connected again
people forget this problem and he's
paying 50 bucks tonight no no that condo
was connected to a corporation that had
any interest in continuing to do
whatever they wanted and get outside of
any regulatory today we're gonna
that's the part of it so yeah we can
talk about crazies
but it's connected as well so it's it's
swampy and it's also responsible with
money and funds we did and also
self-important yeah now look it's it's
possible that he is a little bit worried
about some of these scandals one of the
16 investigations going on right now has
been finalized and he was found to have
committed crimes in that there are 15
others here's the thing he might think
hey I'm out the door you don't to worry
about me anymore
screw that it's great to get you out of
office it would be better to get you
into prison
you obviously broke the law in any
number of different areas and those
investigations need to continue now
least of which because he might well pop
up in some other position we know that
Donald Trump loved Scott Pruett he was
potentially his favorite aide in in one
fashion or another and so the chance
that he could pop up in another position
is significant and that is why these
investigations need to continue to easy
wastefully on Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
