Donald Trump was in the Oval Office
meeting with the prime minister of the
Netherlands and the Prime Minister
actually spoke out against Trump but did
so in a strong but polite way now I
don't want to give too much away let's
take a quick look at how the interaction
went we've worked together and have a
very very close relationship
I think the relationship with the
Netherlands has never been better than
it is now and we are very close to
making some very good trade deals of
fair trade so I didn't want to say good
I want to say fair
I think the EU we're gonna be meeting
with them fairly soon I want to see if
they can work something out
and that'll be good and if we do work it
out that'll be positive and if we don't
it'll be positive also because no we'll
just think about those cars therefore in
here know something right but it'll be
it'll be positive name look at ravishing
Mark Rutte I really like that because it
was polite but it was also strong yeah
no but things will work out even if we
don't have a deal
no okay nine that was really good I'm
just shocked a dead
Donald Trump knew that the Dutch are
from Netherlands yeah I'm pretty shocked
as well but but understand what Trump is
saying there and it's what he does with
every single political issue regardless
of the outcome everything's gonna be
great because everything I do is
fantastic I want to go to the video
again because just listen to him you
know if we work something out it'll be
great if we don't work something out
it'll be great because anything he does
is gonna be great
we've worked together and have a very
very close relationship I think the
relationship with the Netherlands has
never been better than it is now and we
are very close to making some very good
trade deals of fair trade I didn't want
to say good I want to say fair
I think the EU we're gonna be meeting
with them fairly soon I want to see if
they can work something out
be good and if we do work it out that'll
be positive and if we don't it'll be
positive also because no we'll just
think about those cars therefore in here
do something right but it'll be it'll be
positive used by both of those you're
absolutely right
he's like no no he will not be positive
know what it would be disastrous and
Trump being like either way it's gonna
be great okay if the economy is terrific
then it's terrific if it crashes it's
also terrific cuz I did it so I was
curious to see what the American people
think about the tariffs and there has
been some polling first there was
pulling done by political morning
consult and then later CBS News did a
poll and in the beginning Americans
seemed kind of split with a slim
majority saying maybe these tariffs are
not a good idea and then later it seemed
as though more Americans were against
some of these tariffs so let's look at
those numbers so 54% of voters believe
the government should pursue more free
trade agreements to open additional
markets to american-made goods and
services so again a slight majority
believes no free trade is uh is better
twenty four percent have no opinion on
this twenty two percent though believe
government should pursue tariffs and
other barriers against competing
products from other countries so the
majority of Americans more Americans
like the Free Trade compared to those
who do not only 22 percent don't like
free trade I have an issue with some of
those questions because are you in favor
of free trade I don't know it depends on
what you mean by free trade but there
was one question that I loved you
consider Canada an ally of the United
States friendly but not an ally
unfriendly or an enemy of the United
States ally came in number one thank God
so Canada is 68 percent of Americans
consider Canada an ally twenty six
percent say friendly but not an ally if
Canada is not an ally what's an ally
okay boom ah that's the one that's
really disturbing but there was a 1
percent who said enemy Canada is
definitely the enemy who is sitting
around in America thinking and go ahead
Canadians cross the border cross the
border and see what happens two easy
ways folly Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
