Scott Pruett is the head of the EPA
doesn't really seem to have a lot of
interest in protecting the environment
has a lot of interest in using taxpayer
money for all sorts of things including
tactical pants which we'll get to later
but Kristin mink actually saw Scott
Pruett having lunch at a restaurant and
decided to respectfully approach him and
speak to him about why she believes he
should resign take a look
err
you're slashing the transportation
operation
actually does protect our environment
and climate change our children
I urge you to resign for your samples
okay
that's how you do it so not anything
physical at all obviously not even
shouting she didn't even raise her voice
that was the comest you know interaction
that I've seen between two people who
obviously disagree with one another
quite right and that's that's a
government official you know what that
means they work for us they are supposed
to represent us and she calmly went over
and said you're supposed to protect the
environment for my son and for all of us
and you're doing the opposite can you
stop please can you actually turn around
and I think that's just nearly perfect
and it makes him a little uncomfortable
I get it
and his you know I don't colleague I
don't know this a fellow government
worker or if that's a lobbyist with
Pruit you know eight out of ten times
the lobbyist thing or a corporate
executive that he's dining with but if
they're a little uncomfortable that
somebody that they're representing and
I'm sure they don't see it that way
but someone that they're representing is
unhappy with their work well that we
chalk that one up to sad day for you
right I mean the go-to action that
people are encouraged to take if they
disagree with what a politician is doing
is to call that person or email that
person but that is that's usually the
excuse that's used if you just want to
ignore what that person has to say
whatever criticism whatever concern
you're right Jake these are people who
work for us these are people who are
supposed to represent the American
people and Pruett has done the exact
opposite he has done nothing but
represent himself benefit himself he's
spent so much money taxpayer money on
ridiculous things I mean there's a
$43,000 phone booth that he installed in
his office I'm not kidding he bought
tactical pants I don't even know what he
would use tactical pants for I find that
hilarious
he spent $1,500 $1,500 I don't know how
you do shopping but to me spending
$1,500 on pants is amazing but so but
they're tagged and
really do I don't know what kind of
tactics his pants are using okay but for
50 $100 it that better be excellent
tactics okay the pants go hey you know
what
I meet with the next lobbyist so
$100,000 to go on a trip to Morocco to
visit a long time pal of his know that
pal by the way of course another person
connected to the donors and he went to
Morocco and pushed that company's agenda
on our Don he spent $100,000 of our
money to go push that corporate agenda
because of the corruption that he's
involved with it was an energy company
in the United States that has been
pushing Pruett to essentially do
lobbying work for them so we went to
Morocco and took up this meeting to
encourage them to buy from this energy
company this US energy company and and
he thinks you don't have a right to any
of this information and and that's why
he's erasing his records as we speak hey
he it in his time as Attorney General of
Oklahoma would go and take literally
copy and paste from lobbyist memos and
put it into law in Oklahoma because all
he cares about is representing their
donors he used those same people to
raise a lot of money for the Republican
Party and get themselves reelected look
when members of The Young Turks come up
to me publicly a lot of times they'll be
very nice I appreciate it and sometimes
they'll have critique and legitimate
critique hey I like this host more I
don't like the other one or you're doing
this or I wish you'd cover that focus on
what they say about you okay well
they're my boss because the members make
this show possible by the way to you
whitey calm /join to become a member and
they get to voice their opinion they get
to tell them they're the ones that pay
for all this to happen so we paid scott
pruett salary and he said I know that it
seems hilarious at this point and also
tragic but his jaw his literal job is to
protect our environment I mean he is
doing nothing of the sort he is allowing
the polluters to run wild run amok he's
stripping regulations away allowing for
more
pollution to go into your waters and and
certainly into our air it's not just
climate change its literal toxic stuff
going into your nearby streams the least
you could do is go up to him and tell
him you disagree politely as she did
they couldn't be more polite I thought
that was perfectly handled too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
