a new report indicates that people
living on military bases throughout the
country were consuming drinking water
that had a chemical that could lead to
serious health consequences including
liver cancer liver disease I should say
weight gain and also cancer so this is a
report that the Trump administration
tried to prevent the release of but now
that it has been released unfortunately
no one's really talking about it and it
disproportionately impacts our military
members who live on military bases with
their families because some of the
materials that they use in their
training contains this chemical and it
seeps into their drinking water so a
division of the Department of Health and
Human Services quietly published its 852
page review of PFA s which are used in
everything from carpets and frying pan
coatings to military firefighting foams
now the military firefighting foams is
exactly what is seeping into the
drinking water this is something that
they use during their training exercises
and you know the foam does make its way
into the water so people the report
offers the most comprehensive gathering
of information on the effects of these
chemicals and suggests that they're
actually far more dangerous than
previously thought so back in the day
the the US government said all right if
there are 70 parts per trillion of this
chemical in the water then you know
anything passed that is unsafe it could
lead to serious health consequences
however after studying it further they
found that it's actually much lower
seven to eleven parts per trillion so a
the the previous studies were wrong and
be now we know that there's a lot more
of this chemical in the drinking water
that's disproportionately impacting our
soldiers and the Trump administration
tried to hide the data about it because
they wanted to avoid a PR nightmare but
the Trump administration didn't realize
is that the mainstream media doesn't
care about these kinds of stories and
does it report on these kinds of stories
so they didn't have to worry about the
PR nightmare but we're at least
reporting on it so there's a part of the
story which I feel a little
Barriss Pike is its this doesn't happen
that often but I was naive about this
one item Utley did not understand it I
was like well look it's not a thing that
the Trump administration created so it's
actually fairly easy to say oh wow man
it wasn't me this has been going on for
decades
so in fact Trump could go over the top
and go to Obama's fault
we were it was a mess what do you did it
in militaries and actually isn't about
Obama either it's it's that they just re
studied the issue and realize that it
was much worse than they originally
anticipated and it goes back decades
covering Republican and Democratic
presidents so why in the world do you
delay so I thought well maybe they just
don't want to pay for it and they're
gonna do it part of it and sure and I
I'm sure it is a little part of it but
it's a small part of it because at some
point you got to release the study and
at that and you got to start paying
anyway and then Emily Atkin at the New
Republic made a point where I was like
oh right so they're the people who made
this chemical or of course part of a
corporation that could potentially be
donors so they that six-month delay buys
them time to prepare their case for the
eventual lawsuits gets them a huge jump
start now look we don't know if there
are any memos between Pruitt and and
those companies yet by the way we do
know Pruitt is erasing the people he met
with that's a story out today as well in
the news and remember he built a $43,000
soundproof telephone booth in his office
because he didn't want people to find
out who he was talking to so it is a
very fair question who he was talking to
but at least that made rational sense I
was like right excellent point like what
because in that six months there's still
people having kids in that area military
people right and people that we should
care about look dude we should care
about everybody equally but the
Republicans and a lot of politicians
make a huge deal about how much they
care about the veterans of supporting
the troops they know that they're being
poisoned in those areas on a hundred and
twenty six military facilities right and
they let them treat the water any
way because they got to give a heads up
to their donors
oh it's sick man so look as you
mentioned this has been an ongoing
problem and there was faulty science to
begin with and then now we have the real
data and we now know why the Trump
administration is trying to or at least
try to stop the release of this data so
not only do we put our soldiers lives at
risk with pre-emptive Wars or
intervening or meddling and other Wars
that other countries have started Saudi
Arabia and Yemen for instance we're also
risking their lives and their health
with dirty water so tell me something
what's more disrespectful to our troops
and to our veterans is it quietly
kneeling or yea kneeling during the
national anthem to protest a serious
issue in the country or is it more
disrespectful to risk their lives in
multiple ways so I know what some
conservatives will be like oh yeah like
you guys care about the troops yeah I do
actually
because for me the troops are not props
right the troops are used and exploited
as props by the right-wing right support
the troops you know because in reality
when they say support the troops it
means support the war that we're sending
our troops to so our private contractors
can make some money right that's what
they do when they say you know you got a
respect are our soldiers and stand for
the national anthem it's basically a dog
whistle regarding race relations in the
country that's what it's really about
they're always uses props people really
care about the troops should be outraged
that they've been drinking this
contaminated water which leads to these
you know terrible diseases cancer birth
defects this is the kind of stuff they
should be concerned about but they're
not no one's talking about this well
look maybe this will get conservatives
attention not only increase rates of
cancer but disruption in hormones and
the immune system so you know for all
the right-wing people that we're talking
about hey I think there's something
wrong with the hormones yeah if you you
know it's not because people want to
turn fraud
yay and it's not you know it's not Pepsi
and it's not any of these lunatic
conspiracy theories and it's not on
purpose
what it is is as usual a corporation who
wanted to make money didn't take enough
care but by the way also government
bureaucrats who then cover it up for
different reasons whether it's to
protect the donors and the corporations
or it's to protect their own ass because
they don't want people to find out that
they'd been screwing up right there are
logical real reasons for it but when you
talk to at least it might get the right
ways attention like well I'm hormone
issues I knew it I knew it that's the
real problem
well actually there are sometimes
problems but there's real answers to why
and this is why and unfortunately in
this case the Trump administration was
covering it up and lastly on the back to
the Troops the right wing rule it really
believes is that's why it's amazing to
me they're like we support the troops
that's why we want to send them to war
to die whereas you guys care about their
health care yeah yeah we do we want them
to have health care and to not get
cancer yeah and did not die in senseless
Wars exactly I don't want them to do
multiple deployments to the Middle East
so military contractors can make money I
don't want that I actually want to save
their lives and not send them to
unnecessary wars and then also have them
come back with mental health issues
because they've been deployed so much
time so many times and then deny them
adequate health coverage I mean that's
that's essentially what's happening to
them so let's stop using our soldiers as
props
let's stop exploiting them and actually
take action to care for them because
that's not what's happening on a federal
level and it's it's honestly disgusting
I mean first of all it's disgusting if
anyone in the United States one of the
richest countries in the world is
exposed to contaminated drinking water
but apparently this is just it's become
a pattern it's become something to
expect here in the US far too common
it's way past time that we do something
about it if we could find money for
trillions of dollars of tax cuts for the
rich we could find money to actually
take care of our troops two easy ways
for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you
on YouTube you're notified of our videos
