representative Jim Jordan of Ohio is
facing some serious accusations back in
April Ohio State University launched an
investigation into sexual assault and
molestation allegations that were
against a former doctor at the
University it was an athletics doctor
who actually is no longer alive he
committed suicide years ago but these
accusations were directed toward dr.
Strauss and the argument is that
representative Jim Jordan was an
assistant wrestling coach at the
University at the time he knew what was
going on and refused to do anything
about it and today denies ever knowing
anything about it so let me make the
case and this is based on an
investigation done by NBC News former
wrestlers actually spoke to NBC and are
now cooperating with investigators in
this case now representative Jim Jordan
the Republican congressman from Ohio
is being accused by former wrestlers he
coached more than two decades ago at
Ohio State University of failing to stop
the team doctor from molesting them and
other students I also want to be clear
this doctor not only treated athletes
from the wrestling team but from several
other teams at the University as well
across many different sports we'll get
to that in just a minute
the University announced that it was
investigating accusations that dr.
richard strauss who died in 2005 abused
team members when he was the team doctor
from the mid-1970s to late 1990s so I'm
gonna have the specific allegations by
former wrestlers in just a minute but
shank I wanted you to jump in yeah so
first off I'm a little surprised by
their naivete on this I don't mean about
this I harassment about Jim Jordan
denying the charges that he knew
anything about the the doctor abusing
the kids one former wrestler said it's
sad for me to hear that he's denying
this I don't know why he would unless
it's a cover-up now I want you to
understand this context and this is both
in favor of Jim Jordan and against them
almost all the wrestlers that talked to
NBC News said that they really
like Jim Joe if they loved him yeah and
so I can't see that I think Jim Jordans
a terrible guy and I don't agree with
him politically but it's not just that I
think as he goes to destroy the rule of
law in this country he's one of the most
conservative members of Congress and one
of the most loyal to Donald Trump and in
fact the taxes political opponents with
vengeance and so also the founder of the
house freedom caucus which is the most
conservative group of Congress members
yeah but to be fair to him and we we
always report the story as it is these
former wrestlers say that they liked
them they loved them one of them said I
love Jimmy to death and he said they had
great conversations with him back when
he was the assistant coach so that's
that's part of the story but they all
then turn around and go but why is he
lying about this that's we knew
everybody knew that the doctor was
molesting the kids and and in Jim Jordan
knew in fact apparently according to one
of the former wrestlers Jordan even said
he'd kill him if he tried anything with
him so he told Strauss I'll kill you if
you try anything with me but the kids
they're fair game have at it austenite
now look to be fair he didn't say that
last part but that goes to the naivete
over the of the former wrestlers which I
heartily like why is Jim Jordan lying
about this guy's if he admitted it he'd
have to say yeah I'm a really
conservative guy who runs on family
values and I knew those kids were being
molested and I did nothing about it
right well that's devastating and it
would be devastating for anyone in any
profession right especially as a public
figure to admit that you were complicit
in what was going on so let me give you
some of the details of the accusations
and what these former wrestlers had to
say about representative Jordan
so Mike D D sabato is one of the former
wrestlers he's one of the more outspoken
individuals who by the way reached out
to representative Jordan and there's
evidence of an email where he reached
out to him and asked him to participate
or cooperate with this investigation to
really speak out and representative
Jordan did not respond to it and has
denied ever knowing anything about these
accusations so here's what do
sabado said I considered Jim Jordan a
friend but at the end of the day he is
absolutely lying if he says he doesn't
know what was going on another former
wrestler who wished to remain anonymous
told NBC News I love Jimmy to death it
was a head scratcher to me why he would
say he didn't know anything doc used to
take showers with the team even though
he didn't do any workouts and everybody
used to snicker about how you go into
his office for a sore shoulder and he
tells you to take your pants down okay
so I want to stop for a moment one of
the things that really stood out to me
from these interviews with former
wrestlers was how pretty much everyone
acknowledged what was going on but the
athletes were afraid to speak out many
of the athletes received scholarships to
go to that University because of their
their skills and their talents and they
were afraid of having that scholarship
taken away from them so they didn't
speak out but there was just this weird
environment of yeah it's going on we're
gonna joke around about it rather than
address it and I mean it was a different
time but still it's kind of incredible
that these kids were being I mean these
students were being molested and
everyone knew so there was as much as
1,500 to 2,000 athletes over 15
different sports who might have been
molested by this guy what's shocking to
me and I lived through that time he was
you know I was alive in the 1970s to the
1990s and I played sports in that time
apparently it was super commonplace and
I guess I'm super lucky that I didn't
draw the wrong card right that oh well
hey if one of the adults wants to molest
the kids well what are you gonna do
that's dr. Strauss they'd say I came in
for a sore shoulder neat say take your
pants down and he'd feel their penis
what and and apparently not to be fair
some people did do something about the
head coach hellicksen reported him to
the administrators and and he warned a
doctor to steer clear of his wrestlers
so some adults did the right thing but
apparently administrators didn't do
anything because dr. Strauss kept
working there for decades what are they
thinking that's now today it seems
unimaginable I bet if he told me back
then I would have found it on him
back then but apparently a lot of people
in power their assumption was and that
is why this cultural shift now is I
think so terrific their assumption back
then was if you're in power you can do
whatever you want and there's never any
consequences
so in fact Anna the most shocking part
of the story to me was not about Jim
Jordan was not about the doctor because
we know dr. Larry Nasser and that's part
of the reason why these kids came
forward they saw what he had done to the
girls and in gymnastics and and so they
got emboldened to come forward and tell
their stories because they didn't want
it to happen to other people so we know
that that happens from time to time but
apparently at 3:30 p.m. when the
athletes would start taking showers not
just dr. nasir but this is according to
NBC News University Professors
administrators and others would show up
in the shower stalls just as the
athletes were arriving I its what yeah
like so this was a thing so like
professors and different people like oh
the young boys are in the showers let's
all randomly head to the showers at 3:30
in the afternoon to take a shower in the
middle of the day with naked boys so
what so by the way they're I mean
they're incredibly young they're not
boys they're over 18 so they're
considered men but still they're young
men that are you know be according to
what they're alleging who are being
abused by people in positions of power
at this university and so for the
longest time they didn't speak out
because they felt like they couldn't and
because of the whole Larry Nasser case
they realized wait maybe there could be
justice and so I'm glad that they spoke
out but you're right Jake like that kind
of shocked me as well because it shows
you if it's proven to be true how
insanely widespread this kind of abuse
is and so Hellickson that the coach
talked to the doctor he's like you got
to stop going in the shower and then the
doctors just about you go in the shower
he's like yeah I go in the shower when
we're done with practice you're not even
in practice and I don't stay in there
for an hour what are you doing in there
right right let alone what he did to the
kids in the in private training area
which is much worse so it was it's
amazing to me that it was just
accepted it's just like hey there's
perverts who like to I mean and that's
the least you could say about him
well like the molest the young students
and some of us talk to him about it and
tell him not to do it in Jim Jordan
apparently decided not to be one of
those guys he just said don't touch me
now look how guilty is Jim Jordan I mean
is this a thing that I you know he
should resign over look guy chelley with
conservative voters they don't care
about hypocrisy at all so I'd be shocked
if they cared about this my guess is
they're all saying to me I think it's
actually not an easy question it's easy
for progressives to say throw him to the
wolves
but he didn't do it and apparently at
the time it was totally accepted that
you just allow this type of stuff to
happen because it's not like he was the
only one the administrators knew about
it the coach warned him and they didn't
do anything
so look one thing that is absolutely
clear they need to be consequences today
so that it doesn't happen in the future
because unless you're mental nobody
thinks that this is acceptable now I
know but politics gets so crazy that the
Republicans will say I don't care when
it comes to Jim Jordan right yeah but do
we go back twenty years and then say
okay anybody who didn't do anything back
then now has to be fired from whatever
job they're in today I think that's a
difficult question well I think it's a
difficult question but answering that
question becomes easier depending on
what that job is if you are a US
Representative you are in a position of
power that's incredibly important right
and so if you are willing to sit back
and remain complicit in this type of
abuse molestation sexual assault I don't
believe that you're fit to serve as a
u.s. senator as a US Representative as
anyone in any type of position of power
right because look the role of the
government is to represent and protect
its people and if he can't protect you
know people who do not have any position
of power students in vulnerable
positions or situations like this then
then how
can you trust him to protect the
American people in his position of power
so look for me it doesn't matter this is
this goes beyond politics I don't care
if it's a Republican or a conservative
or a liberal progressive Democrat
doesn't matter to me
what matters to me is whether or not
this person takes their job and their
responsibilities seriously and if it's
proven that he was complicit in this I
don't think that he should serve in any
position of power and finally another
thing that is absolutely clear is based
on the testimony of several different X
wrestlers from Ohio State Jim Jordan
knew and so now when he say oh the guy
whose Locker was right next to mine the
one I warned about not touching me oh he
was touching all the other boys that
told me someone said yeah I told Jim
Jordan hey can you help me right and you
think all those wrestlers are lying for
no reason when they actually really
liked Jim Jordan and they're on the
record so I want to give you one other
example this is another former wrestler
who said nice things about Jim Jordan
right so he who says the following I
remember I had a thumb injury and went
into Strauss's office and he started
pulling down my wrestling shorts I'm
like what the f are you doing and I went
out and told rust that was the head
coach and gym assistant coach what
happened I was not having it they went
in and talked to Strauss so that's again
another former wrestler who's on the
record by name saying I I went to Jim
Jordan myself and told him what was
going on and he took some action he
wasn't spoke to Strauss so I don't know
yeah I don't know if his voters will
ever care I don't know if conservatives
aren't gonna care yeah but but at a bare
minimum
he's definitely lying too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
