now Donald Trump has a lot of trouble
but it is possible that the biggest
trouble of all is going to stem from a
guy named Elliot Brody now I want to
show you what it looks like who he is
and what he's been up to okay so this is
Elliot Brody and he raised a lot of
money for Donald Trump we're gonna get
to that in one second and this is
obviously Donald Trump and and we're
gonna tell you their connection in fact
let's begin by quoting Newsweek here at
Greg price writing after pleading guilty
in a pay-to-play scandal nine years ago
broidy reemerged is a major fundraiser
for Trump during the 2016 election the
former top Republican National Committee
finance chair was the National vice
chairman to the Trump victory campaign
the victory campaign raised more than
one hundred eight point four million
dollars during the 2016 election cycle
of which thirteen point five million
dollars went trumps went to Trump's
campaign broidy held the same position
for Trump's Presidential Inaugural
committee now before I review those
numbers of how much money he funneled to
Trump if you notice there there was
something interesting that is going to
be very important to this story after
pleading guilty to a pay-to-play scandal
hmm well let's go to the Washington Post
on understand a little bit more about
that because today there's news about
broidy and how he's going to stop paying
a mistress it's somebody's mistress
we're gonna try to figure out that
mystery in this video as well so but
he's done this before so let's go to the
post in 2009 broidy pled guilty to a
felony charge of rewarding official
misconduct he stayed out of jail by
testifying against his co-conspirators
he gave 1 million dollars in illegal
gifts to new york state officials and
the state invested 250 million dollars
with his investment firm one of the
interesting details was that as part of
the gifts brought he paid ninety
thousand dollars to the mistress of one
of the new york officials hmm so let's
review that literally er he pled guilty
guilty to
bribing a state official gives him a
million dollars yes in return a giant
contract of 250 million dollars he makes
a profit of 18 million dollars off that
contract which in finally when they
caught him he had to pay back to the
government and in there for good measure
is paying off a mistress of a politician
hmm
all right so to review the first set of
facts money to trump from broidy now
this is not just broidy raising it as we
told you the victory campaign but he was
an integral part of it
thirteen and a half million dollars to
Donald Trump and a hundred and eight
point four million dollars to the GOP
now the scandal that Brody is involved
in today is with former Playboy model
named Shara Bouchard now broidy claims
and volunteered that he had an affair
with Shara by shard and wanted to cover
it up and in fact in order to cover it
up he gave her 1.6 million dollars now
he stopped payments on those today that
is going to be monumentally important to
this story but I wanted you understand
that now this was after Michael Cohen's
offices got raided
now what's Michael Cohen's role in this
story I'm gonna get to that but after
Michael Cohen's offices get raided and
the government gets four million
documents out of there
Brody raises his hand goes yep yeah it
was me I'm the one who had the affair
with Bouchard
it's like curious think they admit if
you're a major Republican fundraiser and
a businessman to volunteer that all
right well let's find out more about
this story see if that makes sense well
there's a guy named Keith Davidson next
now who is he he's a lawyer now this is
interesting
who was he a lawyer for well he was a
lawyer for sherab Rashard Oh Stephanie
Clifford you might know her as stormy
Daniels and Karen McDougal he
represented all of them well every
single one of those women made a deal
with the help of Keith Davidson with
another lawyer let's say take a lawyer
look at who that is
oh that's Michael Cohen hmm that's
interesting so all three were in the
adult
industry have Affairs they all get paid
to cover them up all of their attorneys
are Keith Davidson and oh and the
attorney on the other side is actually
giving them the money is Michael Cohen
very interesting okay now let me remind
you that two of the people that gave
that money were for affairs with Donald
Trump one was of course
Stephanie Clifford or stormy Daniels as
she's publicly known and the other one
was Karen McDougal
now mcdougal did got a payment of
$150,000 from American media
incorporated which owns National
Inquirer that's an ally of Donald Trump
so that was not a settlement it was
money where she thought the National
Enquirer was going to print the story
but it turns out no they buried the
story to help their longtime ally of
Donald Trump so but she also used the
same lawyer now those two had they say
affairs with Donald Trump I believe
there is excellent evidence to indicate
that in fact they did have an affair
with Donald Trump or Donald Trump had an
affair with them but rashard they say no
even though that fits the same pattern
somehow Keith Davidson not only dealt
with Michael Cohen for Donald Trump but
also said hey Michael do you happen to
know David Brody because I got somebody
else who had an affair and wanted to get
a payoff I'm sorry Elliot Brody and and
he's like well lucky for you I do so
they say that cerebral shards settlement
came from Freud II now I should note
that Bechard
had an abortion a very long affair and
then an abortion now Brody says oh no no
no no no no no the payment had nothing
to do with abortion
Lana let me note stormy Daniels 130,000
dollars Karen McDougal 150,000 dollars
so those are similar numbers they had an
affair with Donald Trump and they get
that amount of payment Rashard has an
affair with someone where the revelation
of that affair would be a lot less in
horton are interesting gets 1.6 million
dollars obviously more than ten times
what the others got and there's an
abortion but they said no no no no we
weren't paying for the abortion and it
was broidy it was not Trump and doe
Borgia golly gee I mean I guess he had
it but I didn't ask her to have it nor
was a payment in because of the abortion
okay that's what they say now here's an
interesting part stormy Daniels amber
chard do their settlement because
remember mcdougal did not do a
settlement she got paid by the media
company they do a settlement and in the
settlement it appears that they are
doing the settlement with the same
person under a pseudonym the pseudonym
is David Dennison remember though stormy
Daniels had their fair with Trump and so
did mcdougal but they Sabra chard did
not have their fair with Trump she had
it with Brody but in the paperwork it
appears to be the same person hmm now if
you were a savvy lawyer and you and it
was in fact two different people why
would you use the same pseudonym that
would be negligent to say the least
I mean you're implicating in one of them
in a thing that they apparently did not
do according to you guys
well that's according to you guys for
now because report out today from the
Wall Street Journal Elliot Brody a Los
Angeles venture capitalist and former
Republican National Committee official
agreed to pay former Playboy centerfolds
sherab Rashard one point six million
dollars in eight installments beginning
late last year by the way let's note
late last year when Donald Trump is
president not during the campaign not
earlier while Trump is president now you
might say hey that's Brody and Rashard
it has nothing to do with Trump okay if
you say so
now they paid that to keep quiet about
her affair with the married donor the
Wall Street Journal reported
okay now the news today is that mr.
Brody who worked on the RNC with mr.
Cohen all right they worked at the same
position of the Republican National
Committee Brodie and Cohen did will
withhold the third installment of the
$200,000 that was due on Sunday in
response to an alleged breach of the
non-disclosure agreement according to
Chris Clark a lawyer for mr. Brody they
stopped paying her uh-oh now she appears
did not have any more incentive to not
tell us about what actually happened in
that affair and who was actually with
and maybe you should come out and say oh
yeah I was broidy
and you know uh I had no abortion having
nothing to do with Brody he happened to
pay me 1.6 million dollars and unrelated
for that I had the abortion or she can
tell us what really happened with the
abortion and shoo she actually had the
affair with now you could speculate and
I certainly have my thoughts and
theories on that I think it's not
complicated to figure out where I stand
on this so now we could somebody could
raise money to make sure that she is
properly compensated if if this is very
important she's telling the truth
um I know a show that's good at raising
money for important causes stay tuned
because if it's money that she needs to
make sure that she's not in violation of
that contract or can pay it off when she
if she is in violation to tell the real
story so we can find out what that
affair was actually about money can be
raised and then coincidentally or
perhaps not today
Michael Cohen gave an interview to ABC
News and said on Twitter silence is
broken so his silence is broken he has
important things to say when asked if he
was loyal to Donald Trump he importantly
said my wife my daughter and my son have
my first loyalty and always will
I put family and country first to which
I say tick tick tick tick
tick-tick-tick so michael cohen clearly
has the relevant information so does
Sarah Bouchard one way or another we're
gonna get to find out the real story and
my guess is it is going to be
devastating and perhaps a big enough
story to change the course of this
administration stay tuned two easy ways
for young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
