Michael Cohen Donald Trump's former
Fixit attorney
seems to be changing his mind in terms
of his loyalty to Donald Trump and
that's based on two pieces of
information that we recently received
first he had an interview with George
Stephanopoulos of Good Morning America
and we will go to his comments in just a
moment but also in a later breaking ass
story it turned out that Cohen ended his
joint defense agreement with Donald
Trump which could indicate well a lot of
legal experts are saying does indicate
that he's planning on cooperating with
Special Counsel Robert Muller and
flipping on Donald Trump
so Cohen has ended his joint legal
defense with the president which experts
say is a definitive sign that President
Donald Trump's former personal attorney
is about to flip and also a joint
defense agreement allowed their lawyers
to share information and documents with
each other so that's that's a pretty big
piece of information now without further
ado let's hear what George
Stephanopoulos has to say about his
interview with Michael Cohen we know one
of the big questions I asked him is what
will you do if prosecutors come to you
and offer you leniency in return for
information on president Trump now he
said he wanted to pursue respect the
process didn't get into specifics but he
added this and he added this with
emphasis my wife my daughter and my son
have my first loyalty and always will I
put family and country first nothing
there about loyalty to President trouble
you're facing the real prospect of
having to choose between protecting your
family and protecting president Trump he
says again family is my first priority
he also reportedly reportedly said I
will not be a punching bag as part of
anyone's defense strategy I am not a
villain in any story and won't allow
others to depict me in that way okay so
there is an alternative theory here that
I want to get to in a second but this is
bad news for Donald Trump
and if Cohen does flip he it appears
that he knows almost everything and they
got four million documents out of him by
the end of the week they're gonna have
to make a decision on which of them are
attorney-client privilege and cannot be
seen by prosecutors it's a different
team that is making that decision and
then whatever is not attorney-client
privilege will be passed on to
prosecutors and then take their tactic
now so he's clearly clearly giving signs
that he's gonna cooperate and in fact he
he is CNN has reported that his friends
he told his friends look it depends if
the charges are really bad and I'm gonna
cooperate if they're light I'll stick it
out I mean how's that for incredibly
clear right I have another little piece
of information that I think is relevant
we've talked about this in the past but
just to remind you the Wall Street
Journal had reported that Cohen was
growing frustrated with Trump
complaining to friends that the
president hadn't footed any of his
mounting legal bills in recent months
Cohen has said the investigation is
bankrupting him and claimed that the
president owes him for his years of
loyalty but remember when it comes to
loyalty and Donald Trump it doesn't go
both ways
Trump expects the loyalty from you but
you can't expect the loyalty from him he
has turned on so many people even while
they were incredibly loyal to him so
Michael Cohen I mean you sound a little
bit but you sound like a sucker when you
say things like that of course he's not
loyal to you but Ana he is a sucker yeah
and and so he's one of these really
really sad sycophants we'll hung on to
Donald Trump and all these guys who are
scam artists have people like this
around him and the big
scam is committed on the people closest
to them so they think oh I'm in on the
team I'm with the big guy
and we're scamming other people no he's
also scamming you so now come to find
out he's not even paying for your legal
bills wait till you get inside a prison
I mean your legal bills bankrupting you
is one thing but when you have to if you
have to serve 28 years in prison he
gotta come to help you and by the way
you schmuck how can he pay your legal
bills
could you imagine the president oh this
guy used to being brought up on charges
of possibly doing corruption with me
here I'll pay his legal bills you can't
do that I mean like he wouldn't do that
anyway because he's Donald Trump if he
could do it he wouldn't do it because he
screws over everyone but he as president
of course he can't do that
remember what Roger stone told a Russian
who wanted to sell the Trump
administration dirt on Hillary Clinton
he wanted two million dollars from the
Trump from Trump in order to get that
dirt on Hillary Clinton you know what
Roger stone said to him allegedly you
don't know Donald Trump he doesn't pay
for anything yeah that's right by the
way it's because yes have much money at
all you do not come out of six
bankruptcies really really wealthy
that's not how it works that's why he
had to borrow from the Russians but
that's all different stories so now last
two things here what why is Michael
Cohen so worried and what's alternative
theory so the alternative theory is that
Cohen is saying all these things and in
the K by the way the interview was
off-camera that's why they didn't have
video of it on Good Morning America but
he's saying all these things as a very
brazen attempt to get Trump to pay for
his legal bills and pardoned him so that
way he doesn't have to flip right
avenatti the lawyer first stormy Daniels
has that theory it's entirely possible
he could be like hey over here Trump
remember me the guy who has old evidence
on you I'm dying out here right and so
that's possible but the reason why none
of that is gonna work is because they
could bring him up on state charges and
Trump cannot pardon him on state charges
and so new the New York State could say
all right you've got 18
for state violations here and you're
going for a way for 28 years anyway then
does this guy sound like a guy who's
gonna remain loyal to Trump because it's
a matter of principle oh hell no tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick and
one last thing
when asked if if Cohen would flip on him
Trump said this and almost no one noted
it he's like no no no Michael wouldn't
do that he's a good guy a lot of people
would a lot of people would but not
Michael yeah hold on if you were
innocent and somebody said do you think
like if they says will Anna flip on you
I'd be like flip on me for what we
didn't do anything wrong
right would she could flip all day with
there's no he was like no he wouldn't do
that so you did do something and he does
have evidence two easy ways for the
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
