now we've been telling you about Meadow
versus beta this is one of the most
important and interesting races in 2018
midterm elections better or or currently
a Democratic congressman versus Ted Cruz
currently the most loathsome politician
in America and he's the incumbent in the
Senate race better O'Rourke has raised a
tremendous amount of money but none from
corporations or corporate PACs so he is
also an uncorrupted candidate Ted Cruz
is the definition of corruption and the
problem with better O'Rourke and I'll be
honest about it is that he's a little
too polite and a little too nice so he's
got a great record on policy he talks
about it he talks about policy
aggressively and and I don't want you to
get the wrong impression because he's a
fighter and first time I ever talked to
him I said what's gonna be your
number-one issue in Texas
he said single-payer health care I said
wow this is a long long time ago now I
totally agree with that but know what
almost no one else in Washington at the
time believed in that so he's a strong
fighter for things that matter okay but
for whatever reason he has decided that
he is not going to attack Ted Cruz that
much in his commercials maybe that's his
political strategy I got nothing to do
with that
me I like attacking Ted Cruz so here's
what we decided you
we're not the Young Turks you're the
Yonkers so we did an ad and we're gonna
ask you guys to finance it as much as
you want you don't like it don't put
money into it and we won't run it
against Ted Cruz you like it put money
in will run it a lot against Ted Cruz
obviously in Texas and there's three
weeks before the election could be a
little bit relevant I'm gonna tell you
where to go to second but hold I'm about
to release the ad hears that we put
together in this particular race in
Texas against Ted Cruz this is Ted Cruz
that's him phone banking for Donald
Trump after Trump called his wife ugly
look at him what kind of a man does that
oh yeah Trump also said his father was
probably a murderer he made calls on
behalf of Trump after being unmanned
by him you're looking at the saddest man
in America Ted Cruz 2018 pathetic hmm
fun for everybody
TYT dot-com / Cruz gets you to an act
blue page where you can donate to your
heart's content the money goes strictly
for running that particular ad and and
if so if you like it let's run it a lot
totally up to you guys how much you want
to do it okay
III think that that ad could be
effective and oh by the way you might be
when I wait isn't the interest of
company our company's allowed to do that
yes
you know why citizens united whoa hey
wait a minute is that fair no it's not
fair it's a terrible terrible ruling
well the worst rule is the Supreme Court
history Ted Cruz and the other
Republicans better hurry up and fix it
otherwise we can run ads to game on by
the way if you like what we do and we
are the home progressives and that's why
we do things like this also become a
member and be way too strong with us t
y-t-dot-com /join okay that's how you
get 18 different progressive shows and a
media organization that will kick ass on
your behalf Ted Cruz we're coming to
easy ways follow young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
