Maxine Waters was speaking at a protest
in Los Angeles over the weekend this is
the protest against Donald Trump zero
tolerance policy and her speech was
powerful because she specifically spoke
out against and addressed the people who
have been threatening her ever since she
called for people to harass Trump
administrators who are out having lovely
dinners and so I loved what she had to
say I think it was a pretty strong
statement take a look I know those who
are talking about centering me talking
about kicking me out of Congress talking
about shooting me talking about hanging
me
all I have to say is this if you shoot
me you better shoot straight there's
nothing like a wounded animal
damn damn okay so that's how we say TYT
is too strong that was a little too
strong because I'm now a little bit
worried about our safety because the
guys on the other side are lunatics so I
hope you don't shoot straight I hope
you're on a wobbly chair look at what
that means in relationship to FDR yeah I
I hear what you're saying
but at the same time what frustrates me
the most in the age of Trump is the
utter weakness that we keep seeing from
those on the on the left and mind you
Maxine Waters is dealing with serious
threats I mean people have been
attacking her she had to cancel two
different events because of the threats
that she's been dealing with because by
the way Trump lied about her she
essentially said look I mean no don't be
civil these people are coming after us
they're they're victimizing people don't
be civil let me read you her exact quote
she said if you see anybody from the
cabinet in a restaurant in a department
store at a gasoline station you get out
and you create a crowd and you push back
on them and you tell them they're not
welcome anymore
anywhere but she's just saying like no
don't be civil but she didn't say go out
there and commit acts of violence she
didn't say put your hands on anyone she
didn't say assault anyone she
essentially said protest because that's
what you should do as an American and so
Trump goes on Twitter and completely
lies about what she says which is why
there's so much violence and so many
threats directed toward her he wrote on
Twitter congresswoman Maxine Waters an
extraordinarily low IQ person oh gee gee
I wonder why he said low IQ person has
become together with Nancy Pelosi the
face of the Democrat Party
she has just called for harm to
supporters okay let's stop right there
she did not call for harm towards
supporters she didn't attack voters she
specifically said to protest Trump
administration officials to protest them
not to touch them and by the way I find
it fascinating that he included Nancy
Pelosi in that tweet because Nancy
Losey turned around and condemned maxine
waters for encouraging people to speak
out because she's weak that's what nancy
pelosi is she's weak
so look maxine waters you can argue that
what she said was not the right thing to
do to confront people in public and you
know whether it's the chant protest or
even yell at them and that's a very fair
point to make it's not fair to say that
she said it about supporters and not
administration officials that's a lie
and it's not fair to say that she called
for violence because she didn't okay he
said to harm them she never said harm
them but the people who are angry at
what Maxine Waters said are the same
people who supported a president who
said he wanted to punch someone in the
face okay I'm done with you I'm done
with these ridiculous double standards
he literally said you guys should punch
them in the face and I'll pay your legal
bills so you can't say Oh maxine waters
saying you should protest administration
officials in public is outrageous but
when Trump says let's punch protesters
in the face that's awesome well you
can't say but it just means that you're
stupid and don't care about logic
so all right one last thing I'm gonna
spare you looking it up in the postgame
today and that's what we do the whole
other show we do after the Young Turks
for our members I will tell you about
how someone came to harm Franklin Delano
Roosevelt but a wobbly chair saved the
whole country so T y-t-dot-com slash
joined to become a member get those post
games we got a lot for you guys today on
that two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
