over the weekend there were several
protests against Donald Trump's
zero-tolerance policy throughout the
country and there was one specific
protest in Huntsville Alabama so this
was a smaller turnout than what we saw
and let's say Los Angeles but still it
was good to see people speaking out in a
conservative state like Alabama
unfortunately there was one person who
decided to show up and not only heckle
people as they were engaging in prayer
during this protest but also threatened
them with a firearm so it's 34 year old
Shane Ryan Sealey and in the video that
you're about to watch you'll notice the
very beginning of what unfortunately
ended up being an incredibly violent
confrontation with this man take a look
the Army veteran ordained minister
founder of Huntsville International Help
Center Inc and has been an advocate for
the Hispanic community for over ten
years they are going to talk to they are
going to provide a convocation and a
prayer for all of us thank you holy and
ever-loving God we pray for the children
so the person that you heard saying womp
womp and Ice Ice Baby was Shane Ryan
Sealey
and it didn't end there at one point he
got into a confrontation with someone
and he essentially pulled out his gun
and protestors were terrified because
they were worried that he would actually
open fire and hurt people protesters
urged everyone to drop to the ground and
be careful there was a lot of concern
that he would actually kill people and
so he did get arrested but for anyone
who might not know where the whomp-whomp
comes from it was inspired by Corey
Lewandowski who was on Fox News one day
and had the exact same reaction to
someone who was talking about a disabled
immigrant girl who was being separated
from her mother I want to just quickly
toss to that video let's take a look a
ten year old girl with Down syndrome who
was taken from her mother and put in a
cage
so the fish rots from the head down I
mean the leadership in this country
people who are involved in the Trump
administration who were involved in his
campaign are essentially setting the
tone and and now you have these armed
unhinged people showing up to a peaceful
protest and threatening people with gun
violence so yeah so let's break this
down first of all how do you like the
party that claims they care about
religion interrupting a prayer by going
around going wah wah
saying well let's try to figure out
which party in this country is the
decent one that cares about civility and
which one is not so Oh a ten year old
girl with Down syndrome wah wah ha ha ha
by the way we're pro-life sure you are
and hey let's give a prayer for kids wah
wah and by the way I have a gun
gee I can't tell who are the good guys
and who the bad guys in the country can
you guys tell and I'm sure you know part
of the problem with this story is that
most decent people look at that and
they're horrified and and they feel bad
for the people who thought maybe here's
another lunatic right-wing or about to
murder us all and yes I said
right-winger because most of the
shooters are so in parkland the guy had
been going to alright websites and then
he did a massacre of those school kids
ok obviously South Carolina they go into
a church Massacre in in the middle of
the country going to blow up an
apartment building with people who came
from Somalia in it right winger Planned
Parenthood clinics shooting up doctors
and plant predator I mean there's a long
history killing yeah killing two police
officers in Vegas leaving the Gatson
flag on them right wing or right wing a
right wing or right wing you why I
believe in violence so you need to be
civil on the Left we need to be civil we
can't speak out we can't you know ever
harass someone from the Trump
administration while they're enjoying a
nice Mexican meal out on the town don't
hurt their feelings they're very
sensitive so now but the reason I said
it's unfortunate is that a lot of the so
for decent people that go that's
terrible for right wing there's a lot of
people will see that video and will see
the
ago oh yeah I can just show with a gun
somewhere and pointed at people and then
they'll have to get down you think it
won't happen you think that look in the
comments below okay if you're watching
this on kya on YouTube I guarantee you
even before I said it they'd already
written it okay and so to them they'd
that that doesn't look like a problem
for a lot of the right-wing trolls they
think like Oh could I troll people with
in real life and then pull a gun on them
well that'll make me feel powerful and
of course as we've seen now
unfortunately in one master after
another
sometimes they pull the gun and use it
so this is the insanity we live in and
Huntsville Alabama look I'll tell you
guys the interesting story in the
postgame about how I almost got a job in
Huntsville replacing Sean Hannity back
when I was a conservative yes so T
y-t-dot-com /join to become a member and
then you get the whole two-hour show
without commercials plus the postgame
and all other shows that we do but I'll
tell you about that and they to be fair
to them they sniff me out at the time
when I thought I was a conservative I
like this guy is a liberal so I'll
explain the whole story we agreed that
the phrase sniffed me out it's just a
weird thing to say
agreed super weird so look there has to
be consequence I'm glad they did
arrested this guy they also took away
his license to carry yes so that's great
I think this is a very very serious
crime and and I think I hope he gets a
lengthy prison sentence otherwise it's
going to encourage and by the way even
if you don't believe us and you think oh
no left wing is just as violent well
then they'll encourage left wingers too
it'll encourage everyone to bring their
guns and take it out in the middle of
prayers yeah yeah large get-togethers
and go hey there's no consequences so
let's all just start pointing guns at
one another so he should get a very
hefty prison sentence yeah and by the
way he's an English teacher I personally
wouldn't feel comfortable having someone
like that teach my kids but I mean it's
really up to you maniac is a teacher or
school with kids in it yeah English
teacher Jesus two easy ways for young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're at
subscriber and second is ring the bell
and when you do that on YouTube you are
notified of our videos
you
