we're going to do a deep dive and
explore three cities across the United
States
Baltimore Louisiana and Chicago to
better understand the tumultuous
relationship between cops and the
communities they're meant to protect
like many major cities Baltimore is
divided by socioeconomic status and race
with a predominantly white and wealthy
portion that's notably different from
the impoverished and predominantly black
areas after years of allegations
accusing police officers of stopping
searching and arresting far more black
residents than whites the Department of
Justice under the Obama administration
launched an investigation in 2016 to get
to the bottom of what was really going
on now through reviewing more than six
years of internal documents and
conducting hundreds of interviews the
DOJ was able to witness the disparity of
policing firsthand according to their
report the Baltimore PD engages in a
pattern of conduct that violates the
Constitution or federal law that
includes making unconstitutional stops
searches and arrests specifically
targeting the black community using
excessive force and retaliating against
people who practice their First
Amendment rights
cops recorded over 300,000 pedestrian
stops from January 2010 to May of 2015
the DOJ found that these stops were
predominantly concentrated in African
American neighborhoods and often lacked
reasonable suspicion meaning they would
be stopped simply because they were
black the Baltimore Police Department
made made roughly 44 percent of its
stops into small predominantly
african-american districts that contain
only 11 percent of the city's population
african-americans also accounted for 95%
of the 410 individuals Baltimore PD
stopped ten times or more seven
african-american men were stopped more
than 30 times during this period now the
excuse we hear over and over again is
the black community just happens to
commit more crime but the DOJ report
found that the vast majority of these
stops lacked reasonable suspicion in
fact only three point seven percent of
pedestrian stops resulted in officers
issuing a citation or even making an
arrest
many of the changes made or charges I
should say made against members of the
black community also did not merit
prosecution here's some proof from 2010
to 2015 supervisors at Baltimore central
booking and local prosecutors rejected
over 11,000 charges made by Baltimore
police officers because they lacked
probable cause or otherwise did not
merit prosecution the DOJ also found
there was a huge disparity in the
enforcement of drug laws
now while survey data shows that
african-americans used drugs at rates
similar to or slightly exceeding the
population other population groups
Baltimore Police arrested African
Americans for drug possession at five
times the rate of others in fact
Baltimore police found contraband twice
as often when searching white
individuals during vehicle stops and
blacks were still five times more likely
to get arrested for drug possession to
make matters worse there was a nine
officer unit within the Baltimore Police
Department called the gun trace task
force the officers were so problematic
that they face trial in federal court
reports showed that the unit would
regularly set people up for baseless
searches they would carry toy guns to
plant as fake evidence in case they
killed an unarmed person and would even
clock in overtime when they weren't
working at all according to Vox the task
force was suspected of stealing at least
three hundred thousand dollars in cash
three kilos of cocaine forty three
pounds of marijuana 800 pounds of heroin
and also jewelry that was worth hundreds
of thousands of dollars in cash to
Baltimore police officers are on trial
this week in federal court for some of
the worst misconduct imaginable they're
part of a group of eight officers
accused of robbery and extortion faking
evidence and planting drugs among other
crimes
the officers were part of an elite group
called the gun trace task force set up
by the mayor in 2007 to help fight
rising crime and murder rates the task
force was supposed to check the flow of
guns and get the worst guys off the
street and for a while city leaders and
reporters saw the task force as a huge
success but it was also completely
corrupt acting is what prosecutors have
called a gang style crime ring six of
the officers have already pleaded guilty
unfortunately Baltimore wasn't the only
major city that federal and that the
federal government had to investigate
due to alleged patterns of police
misconduct in 2016 the Department of
Justice conducted a report on two
departments in Louisiana Ville Platte
and Evangeline Parish Sheriff's Office
the feds found that both departments
have practiced unlawful arrests without
warrants and probable cause the
department's also held innocent people
in jail for 72 hours or more they called
these detentions investigative holds
where individuals are often forced to
provide information of a crime they did
not commit or even witness in some cases
as a result members of the community
were coerced into testimony or
confessions that led to improper
criminal convictions in a case that
perfectly illustrates how this practice
played out one woman was questioned as a
witness in a murder case and was treated
as a criminal herself bill Clapp police
interviewed Deville at the scene what he
was wearing what he was driving what he
was owned but the man was wearing a mask
I'm no clue because you couldn't see his
face at all period she walked home
never expected what would happen next
police picked her up from her house and
took her to jail for witnessing a crime
she was treated like a criminal they
booked us they fingerprinted us they
dressed her in a prison jumpsuit and
housed her with convicted criminals it
was horrible actually just being in a
Cell that you know you didn't do nothing
wrong when they strip searched her
they made her remove her tampon and then
denied her sanitary products I was all
in orange and bloody remember oftentimes
the people detained an investigative
holes have nothing to do with the actual
crime that's being investigated in the
first place and the DOJ investigation
agreed that method was unlawful the
federal report also mentions that
officers jailed people whom they merely
have a hunch are involved in a criminal
activity allowing the cops to continue
investigating in hopes of finding a
basis for a lawful arrest this practice
is in violation of the Fourth Amendment
which is supposed to ban unreasonable
searches and seizures not only are these
detentions unconstitutional they
effectively destroy the community's
trust toward police Trust is also
lacking in Chicago where the DOJ
launched an investigation following the
release of dashcam footage revealing how
an officer shot laQuan McDonald a black
teenager in 2014 Officer Jason van Dyke
shot McDonald 16 times from
approximately 10 feet away initially
police argued that van Dyke acted in
self-defense because McDonald had a
knife and lunged at him
but all of that was disproven once we
saw the dashcam footage the knife
McDonald was carrying was found to be
closed and it wasn't until a year later
that van Dyke was charged with
first-degree murder between 2011 and
2016 the Department of Justice reviewed
over 170 officer-involved shootings and
found more than 425 incidents of
excessive force using non violent
weapons after reaching out to the
community the DOJ received 600 phone
calls emails and letters that
Illustrated first-hand accounts of how
police brutality affected lives of
Chicago's residents we
at this pattern of unconstitutional
forces largely attributable to systemic
deficiencies within the CPD and city we
found that CPD does not adequately train
its officers to use the appropriate
amount of force we found that Chicago's
accountability systems are broken many
complaints that should be investigated
or not and when investigations do occur
they are glacially slow and staffed by
overworked and under trained
investigators who often fail to obtain
basic witness statements and evidence
officers are too rarely held accountable
for misconduct and when they are
discipline is unpredictable and
ineffective and we found that CPD is
failing to provide officers with the
support that they need to deal with the
stress and trauma of their jobs other
investigations also found the Chicago
Police Department fails to hold officers
accountable for unnecessary force the
Chicago Tribune and ProPublica found
that 85% of disciplinary cases handled
through the CPD's grievance process
since 2010 led to officers receiving
shorter suspensions or having their
punishments overturned entirely police
misconduct in Chicago has also gotten
incredibly expensive and taxpayers are
the ones who end up footing the bill
when officers are taken to court since
2004 the city has forked over about 662
million dollars for police misconduct in
the form of multi-million dollar
settlements as well as legal fees and
other penalties executive summaries of
the DOJ findings are accessible and
helpful in understanding cases of police
misconduct these reports are long and
detailed and have provided evidence for
the cases brought up in today's show
hey everyone I hope you enjoyed my show
no filter and I actually film it every
single Monday at 1:30 Pacific 4:30
Eastern so you can check it out live on
YouTube TV just search for TYT networks
youtube TV channel or you can check it
out in podcast form on itunes later
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to check me out on no filter
