he released while installed on a
$250,000 unsecured bond now that means
Rothfeld as you're heard did not have to
put up any money for his release there
was no question in my mind the defendant
was not a flight risk the meek mills
case has denied his request for bail the
judge Deniz Brinkley says that he's a
flight risk
and he is a danger to the community how
many Americas are there again oh that's
right that's two one in which a white
police officer named Michael Ross Feld
can face homicide charges for shooting
an unarmed black teen three times in the
back only to be released without having
to pay a single damn penny in bail but
on the other America the one where the
racist justice system is programmed to
cripple people of color you all remember
Meek Mill right the rapper sent back to
jail for violating parole yeah he was
denied bond for popping a wheelie in the
same state that's why you get the likes
of kalief Browder who you remember was
falsely accused of stealing a backpack
and spent three years in prison in
records Island some of that time in
solitary confinement when he faced a
theft charges his bail was set at $3,000
initially which his family struggled but
then managed to raise enough to pay for
but of course in that America it doesn't
matter because the judge later changed
his mind and decided to deny bail
altogether and so he was kept imprisoned
in a literal hell on earth
and the end result well we all know what
happened so let me ask you in what world
is someone who is falsely accused of
theft sent to one of the most brutal
prisons in the world resulting in years
of torment to the point where he took
his own life while a man who committed
homicide on camera is allowed to enjoy
the comfort of his own home while he
awaits trial now I know I'm
well-prepared that the race deflectors
will respond with the different state
different rules to remove that
discomfort they feel when faced with
injustice so since you brought up rules
let's have a look at what the state of
Pennsylvania's Constitution says if
you're charged with a crime well the
maximum sentence is life in prison you
are not entitled to bond well that's
interesting I mean it's written plain
and simple I wonder why the judge chose
to handle this homicide with kid gloves
let's look at what he had to say not
going to defend myself to anyone except
to God
the president judge okay how many times
his white privilige have to slap people
in the face before they realize this is
exactly what the system is programmed to
do it's not broken because for something
to be broken it would have to have
worked in the first place but it's never
worked not for black and brown people in
this country anyway countless Americans
of color are held without bond for minor
charges and forced to spend long
stretches of time behind bars before
they are even given a chance to plead
their case meanwhile officers like Ross
Field are protected in coddled despite
facing a life sentence for killing a 17
year old now they bring both of these
examples to your attention because they
represent similar cases no because there
is no similarity here those video
footage in one instance of an office
over the past history of gross
misconduct shooting Antoine Rose in the
back well on the other killers Browder
was wrongfully accused of theft with no
evidence of wrongdoing but yet was
handled with a level of severity you
would expect for someone who had
committed homicide on camera we live in
two Americas but it's up to you whether
you see that and do what you can to help
shed light on it or just ignore it and
pretend we are all treated the same
because you're treated well
