the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below Richard or
Jetta is running on West Virginia he's a
Democrat it's the 3rd congressional
district now normally the way that these
races work is if you're running in a red
state like West Virginia and Donald
Trump won that state by over 40 points
the conventional wisdom for Democrats is
run Republican light so go towards the
Republicans and pretend you are one that
is not the route that Richard or Jetta
has chosen bless his heart so I'm about
to show you a series of ads which are
incredibly aggressive they match our
slogan here at TYT too strong now you
think well I mean are there really too
strong holds holds now and at the end
we've got an exclusive for you guys his
new ad out in this race you're gonna
love every one of these let's start out
nice and easy let's show you an ad that
normally Democrats wouldn't run and I'll
explain why let's watch I'm Richard Oh
Jenna one huge drug company McKesson has
dumped over 5 million pain pills out of
a small pharmacy right here in Logan
County alone and they've made millions
off of pushing their pain pills
they get away with this because they
Gries the pockets of the members of
Congress but make no mistake about it I
don't want their money they need not
darken my doorstep and I will have no
problem strolling drug company lobbyists
out of my office I approve this message
because I'm sick and tired of watching
our politicians sell us out damn right
you are Richard all right army of one
indeed all right now we're just getting
warmed up now what did he do there that
is forbidden in democratic circles
normally first of all he talked about a
specific company my doting to us what
are you doing well I don't he said I
don't care I don't want him to donate to
me and I love that line
I don't want them to darken my doorstep
there you go okay second thing that's a
no-no for Democratic elite an
establishment is don't talk about
corruption did not get that memo he's
talking about a corruption in almost
every single ad that's how you win now
guys we're gonna find out who's right
and who's wrong
this guy's running an actual populist
campaign and by the way you don't have
to agree with him on every issue I don't
agree with him on every issue but there
is a litmus test if you're wondering
what's the litmus test corruption you're
either corrupt you take the corporate
money and you do their bidding or you
are not corrupt and you actually
represent your constituents and your
constituents are different than me
they're in West Virginia they might have
different views on guns or other issues
that's that's not important it's a
democracy of course I'm gonna have
slightly different issues than you would
in California in New York or anywhere
else right the question is are you an
honest actor and are you willing to
represent them and oujet has stepped up
but like I said just getting started now
he's gonna take out on his opponent
again in very undemocratic ways and in
normally the Democratic Party is oh well
I mean you know we want I remember
signs I think Asaf had when he lost like
a premade sign that said civility what
he wasted 20 million dollars in that
race more than 20 million being civil
that is not how a jet our rule rolls
this is how he rolls
I'm Richard oh Jetta drug companies have
made millions pouring their opioids into
our communities ripping
part our families what is Carol Miller
done she's accepted campaign cash from
the very same companies responsible
she's even profiting from this epidemic
an epidemic that has killed thousands of
West Virginians she actually owns stock
in one of the companies responsible for
it all McKesson I approve this message
because Carol Miller's not going to
fight this opioid epidemic but I will
he's stop lying man so another thing
that Democrats don't normally do I mean
like if you're gonna name your opponent
and call her personally corrupt oh my
god the mainstream media will yell at
you come and get some get some Carole
Miller is the daughter of a former US
Representative Samuel Devine whoa I do
declare and she is currently at West
Virginia House of Delegates member and
so normally that requires kid gloves
that's again not how old Jenna does
things let's keep going
I'm Richard Oh Jenna and I've been under
fire multiple times in places like Iraq
and Afghanistan tattooed on my back are
the names of my brothers that did not
come home now my military record and my
love of this country has come under fire
once again by Carol Miller how dare she
a millionaire who has enjoyed a life of
privilege under the very freedoms that I
have fought for I approve this message
because I love this country and I'm
willing to fight for it and you
/ Oh tricks is over okay let me explain
something I have not looked at the polls
and on purpose normally I do announce
for you guys that look at the polls how
are they standing where they go on etc
with what is the district normally good
no no not a sight unseen
this race is over that guy wins he
doesn't loose okay so when he said that
that hit the fall soldiers were tattooed
on his back I in my mind I was already
doing this race is over I'm calling it
okay
the walk off from the camera the way he
said Carol Miller right these are all
the rules that make no sense at all and
look if you're a regular person you love
this kind of stuff and and you think why
do Democrats follow the nonsense rules
that don't work that's why they lost a
thousand seats across the country in the
last ten years over a thousand seats so
why do they keep doing a losing strategy
because they get paid to do the losing
strategy because oh don't talk about
corporations don't talk about corruption
don't fight back against the Republicans
once you remove the corporate cash and
you have an uncorrupted candidate then
you could just run to win that's what
he's doing
and that's what someone running to win
looks like Carol Miller he's not done
yet
hit him again I'm Richard Oh Jenna and
people say that I'm angry
well angry is an understatement when I
come home and I found that I got
children in my backyard that have a
worse and the kids that I saw in Iraq
and Afghanistan I can't accept that
when I see companies using bankruptcy
loopholes to keep her paying our coal
miners the pensions that they work for I
will not sit quiet
and gentlemen we have been sold out
we've been sold out like people like
Nancy Pelosi Mitch McConnell and the
Washington insiders
I approve this message because I am
angry and I'm ready to fight back
drop the mic already Jesus Christ
somebody throw in the towel for Carol
Miller oh man what he said some people
say I'm angry goddamn right that's what
I've been saying on the show for over 10
years
quit can someone finally say angry at
god damn right I'm angry okay you know I
mean you've got kids in West Virginia
suffering so badly the streams are
polluted you've got the corrupt
politicians running everything some of
you might not like it a couple of things
in all while he said Nancy Pelosi Nancy
Pelosi when they asked her why why do
you consider yourself according to her
own words master legislator oh please
what have you gotten done she said oh
that's because I raised the most money
not interested not interested so yeah
there's nothing wrong with calling that
out and and some of you might think it's
too aggressive would you like to win or
do not like to win that is a candidate
that wins in West Virginia how did the
other candidates do when they run
milquetoast cameras well I mean there's
a guy a couple of Democrats running in
Kansas that said the courage to lead
from the middle no I'm sorry it was
leading from the middle and the courage
to compromise
ain't no courage to compromise with
Richard or Jenna you know here's who
you're not gonna find in the middle of
the road Oh Jenna okay but whoever he's
coming for you might find in the middle
of the road okay so now they exclusive
he's got a new ad and it's going to be
featured right now for the first time
ever on The Young Turks let's watch
10,000 gallons of toxic chemicals poured
into the Elk River threatening the
health of 300,000 people and what did
Carol Miller do she voted against
monitoring the health of those sickened
by the spill
supported legislation allowing
corporations to dump more toxic
chemicals into the water no surprise
Miller's accepted thousands in campaign
cash from corporations that profit by
poisoning us crooked Carol Miller sold
us out
I'm Richard Oh Jenna and I approve this
message crooked Carol Miller oh well you
shouldn't do that that's the kind of
thing that the other side does yeah the
other side one a thousand seats you lost
the thousand seats you know what I don't
mind her him calling her name she's
earned it through her corruption it's
about time a Democrats stepped up and
called it what it is
vote Oh Jenna calm is a website I think
you're gonna want to go to it
there will we put up the links for
donations and volunteers at the bottom
of this video in the description box for
comments section yes we will
oh wait you're not supposed to do that
you're supposed to be neutral I am NOT
neutral that is exactly the kind of
democratic candidate that I like that is
strength Republicans there's a new kind
of Democrat out there and uncorrupted
one you ain't seen nothing like it
before Richard Oh Jetta and winter are
coming for you thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
