we have had a week full of some good
news a lot of bad news there's some
devastating news in this hour as well
but I feel like every time I need help I
like mental well-being help I guess I go
to my dog and luckily today we found a
viral dog video to share with you
throughout the show in moments where I
feel like we need a little bit of mental
health so here's the video let me give
you a little bit of a lead-in
this is a video that went viral the
municipal police of Madrid apparently
have this awesome cocker spaniel who
knows how to do CPR on humans now what
you're about to see is the dog
demonstrating CPR he's not actually
doing CPR so he can't save humans who
desperately need that life-saving
procedure done but nonetheless
pancho is very talented and you're about
to see why
take a look
come on dogs are the best like dogs are
better than humans let's just keep it
real okay
they are overall they're better than
humans like I look dead
yeah well you could tell when he moved
his arm yeah so this is what's wrong
with America
no people like Anna who say that dogs
are better than humans and people
believe it they do and they treat dogs
mother knew his infant died what problem
in America you're right your nail I
don't want to dark because this is a fun
story but we did a story on T or D
investigates where immigration officials
literally treat dogs better than humans
okay but it's not the dog's fault dude
no I know I'm not hating on the dog I'm
saying it's wrong with the country I'm
not blaming that once again but that
only dogs of America don't like me the
humans of America right that only add
only buttresses Anna's point that's what
I'm saying by the way I wouldn't I think
I have no intention or desire to treat
humans worse than I treat dogs okay but
what I'm trying to say is dogs provide
like this love and loyalty and happiness
they're innocent you know they don't
they don't have the ability to destroy
your life like humans do but so that's
why I say dogs are better than humans
but of course I wouldn't treat humans
poorly or treat dogs that of course I
think that's the sense that you got when
I made that statement okay I do you
follow the dodo on Twitter today the
dodo it's the greatest animal account
ever so I mean anytime you feel like you
go get your dog and you watch a couple
of videos and every single one of them
you'll be like no they're great that's
not it's like you know it's like 71%
dogs but they got cats they got Birds
That Bird this woman nursed a bird back
let it go the wild bird comes back every
single day hangs out with it flies back
every day just hangs out well he's a
bird he doesn't make me better good fly
you can fly anywhere he wants right for
free so he he is in reality a
bomb-sniffing dog so he does not save
people's lives for a living
goodie actually
yes he does say feels last for a living
well I guess he does but not through CPR
okay I has a bomb sniffing dog you ever
really caught a bomb well that's a
separate story I'm sure that's happened
yes if it has probably three times in
human history you're a idiot sometimes
there's all these people walking around
with bombs and we caught them and we
never brag about it okay anyway
wait we digress we digress those bomb
sniffing dogs I am fairly certain that
you would find plenty of soldiers and
Marines who've been in combat in
Afghanistan and Iraq with dogs that are
triggered to smell explosives that
smelled explosive yeah yeah but those
dogs are easily triggered okay this
little little snowflakes fine in a
combat zone yes they find more bombs
agreed I'm talking about like train
stations and saidar where they go snip
and then they act catch some poor guy
that didn't do anything wrong right some
pot on him or whatever and wrote his
life that's what dogs do I'm kidding I
like dogs this place and and the people
who work here have this incredible
ability to turn almost anything into a
topic of debate and my intentions with
that story was to do the exact opposite
but nonetheless sweet story sweet video
that I will turn to in moments of
distress two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
