so we were talking about immigration
earlier and thankfully you know people
are standing up to what's going on in
the Trump administration 575 people
mostly women were arrested they're
protesting these zero-tolerance
immigration policy including actress
Susan Sarandon and representative
Pramila
jeyapaul I hope I said that right I'm
from Seattle Washington and also joining
the protest although not arrested was
Senator Tammy Duckworth who just gave
birth in April and brought her daughter
to the protest her daughter was the rest
of them well Rob administers it right
well that's not that crazy of a stretch
also senators Jeff Merkley ed markey and
Kirsten Gillibrand attended the protest
speaking of Gillibrand who absolutely
rules yesterday she became the first
sitting US senator to call for ice to be
apology to call for ice to be abolished
so major kudos to her um here's what she
had to say she's also got some positions
that are even to the left of Bernie
Sanders she wants to get rid of ice now
what are you going to do with your party
if you do come into a majority and you
have a significant number or at least in
influence of people who have that kind
of a position well I agree with it I
don't think ice today is working as
intended you think you should get rid of
the agency I believe that it has become
a deportation force and I think you
should separate the criminal justice
from the immigration issues and I think
you should reimagine ice under a new
agency with a very different mission and
take those two missions out and so we
believe that we should protect families
that need our help and that is not what
ice is doing today and that's why I
believe you should get rid of it start
over
reimagine it the reaction shot of him
was hilarious okay but the really
important point here guys is
progressives are winning
so when Kirsten Gillibrand who started
what a year and a half ago is a little
bit of an establishment politician it is
now out flanking Bernie Sanders on the
left that means the memo is out to
politicians of Washington go left go
left the country is left your voters are
left you
go left enough keep going and of course
the this week
Alexandria Casa of Cortez wins and one
of her planks was abolished ice so now
all sorts of politicians going at yeah I
made a Bala choice yeah yeah but yeah
abolish ice yeah that's what I meant and
and if you mean it I mean look if you
don't mean it you'll be found out
but Gillibrand's rhetoric is a testament
to just telling voters yeah I've grown I
changed my mind right and I again I
don't know whether it'll work and when
she runs for president and I think she
obviously we think she will of weather
you know progressive voters will believe
that it's a legitimate change of heart
or with oath still seer is an
establishment centrist Democrat but your
best tactic is just to say yeah yeah
those things I believed back then I was
mistaken man I've listened to the people
who support me and they have persuaded
me that is the message that I'm not
advocating for him but I that if he has
any hope
that's what cory booker just should do
just say i have changed my mind i was
wrong and i believe that he's followed
her in a few many of the issues he is he
still hasn't done the thing where he
says and i also want to say i want to
take a tiny bit of credit i want to i
want to pull a jack i didn't
what's right and i only bring it up
because i think it's so important like
it's been a couple years now since i
started talking about ice and how they
need to change their name because part
of the problem that with isis she says
they got to separate the missions right
separated law enforcement of criminal
justice from the immigration is that
they've created this badass name right
that makes them i guarantee you and i'm
not kidding
makes them feel badass oh look at us
we're ice agents and we're going to get
it done and part of this means when they
talk about changing the mission it's to
that point which is no this is you're
gonna become and we're gonna have an
agency that deals with immigration
issues and not a police force involved
in that those are separate issues and
that means doing away with the name ice
yet you process asylum that's right
that's what you do you are a bureaucrat
you are not swat basic nobody on the
left doesn't think immigration is an
issue that requires a government agency
that is uh you know adapt and adroit and
competent and able to handle it
and this mission is being it they have
misrepresented their mission and they've
turned it into a police force which is
the wrong wrong wrong idea I want to
agree with Jake about that this is
obviously another example where in the
same way that so many of them have been
dogpiling on getting rid of corporate
pac money
we're obviously progressives are winning
and I understand we've been we've been
beaten down for so long that nobody
wants to buy it that's the only fight
you don't buy anything I don't know what
that would mean maybe maybe she doesn't
actually mean it maybe she'll reverse on
it but it even if in a year and a half
she doesn't feel the same way it's
significant that she's calling for it
now because there is momentum on this
issue it was not long ago that there was
literally there was one politician who
was called when elected a Democrat was
calling for ice to be abolished that was
privileged I Apollo was arrested at
yesterday's protest we had around the
damage report today to talk about why
ice needs to be taken out she says
obviously it's gone far beyond its
original mission we're spending
ridiculous hundreds of millions billions
of dollars on it it's a rogue agency
with no effective means of actually
controlling it so she did that she was
the first congresswoman now we've got
Kristen Gillibrand the first senator
something like like nine other
representatives I think have signed on
most of them since Tuesday by the way we
just found out during the break that
Nydia Velazquez another Democratic
congresswoman has signed on this is
amazing progress inside just a week and
we should acknowledge briefly although
it is not purely female there are a big
mark Pocan I think his name is he
sponsored a bill to actually abolish it
it has been led both of the house and in
the Senate and amongst candidates like
Alexandra Acosta Cortez by female
Democrats and I'm glad that they're
they're both they're speaking out
they're also protesting they're putting
they're putting their bodies on the line
as well on Saturday is gonna be a lot
more of these protests find out where it
is in your area by the way one of the
ways that you find out and track them is
go to facebook.com slash rebel HQ that's
where we cover these protests and we
cover them from different cities John
we'll cover it in Los Angeles but we
will have cameras in many of those
protests on Saturday so go to
facebook.com slash rebel HQ now Ben said
I'll pull a chanc well I'll pull Jiang
so I'll tell you that because nobody if
you don't nobody ever gives credit is
certainly not the progressives and so
it's the Justice Democrats we said no
corporate PAC money and now all of a
sudden oh not everybody but a lot of
people are saying corporate PAC money
and I remember you remember you watch it
you saw it all unfold right we said no
corporate PAC money everybody said we
were crazy now we got all these senators
saying no corporate PAC money then when
some of the just democratic candidates
and they were the first like Alexandra
Castillo Cortez she led on that
absolutely she led within the Justice
Democrats on that issue oh that's crazy
now all of a sudden senators like
Gillibrand by the way you know who else
suggests Democrat promote legija Paul so
she was the one arrested in these
protests and she's been a super
progressive no corporate back money
super progressive leaders this is a real
caucus now and these are the leaders of
the progressive movement politically
damaging now it could be politically
damaging and in many races it will be if
you take it like that'll be a question
reporters ask people we expect to be
running in 2020 I mean they've they've
already like they're not waiting even
until the primary for it they want to
get that far ahead of it right to
demonstrate that they actually mean it
and again doesn't mean you have to trust
them like I said before I don't even
know what trusting them would actually
accomplish an ism but they are not
taking it you can now track that over
time and guys after Ocasio Cortes won
all the press said oh my god we missed
it we didn't know there was almost no
cameras there except the Young Turks in
New York one had cameras in her
headquarters and what in the world
happened but what's great about oh you
know I said we're not the interest you
are right you guys gave money to
Alexandria concert Cortes another
wonderful progressive get candidates and
just Democrats this Center you made
their race as possible you made these
positions possible you made them popular
and when they were surprised you weren't
because we'd already done 34 videos on
Alexandria Casa Cortez before election
so while the rest of the country was
shocked you're the ones who let on that
so thank you as a
on that and we're just getting started I
told you on the night of 2016 election
you don't get sad you get angry you get
back up and you fight and we're gonna
win and I said 2018 it was gonna be the
beginning and here we are and it has
begun and wait till you get the rest of
2018 and then the rest of 2020 but we
are going to be a Centon we just got to
keep going and I'm super proud that this
is the home of progressives I'm super
proud of our members TYT calm slice join
to become a member and power this we are
your media I don't know that a lot of
this happens without at least some media
outlet right and and I'm super proud of
all of these justice Democrats that are
leading the way for progressives two
easy ways to follow Young Turks one is
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
