so we were talking about Maxine Waters
and so was Sean Hannity we have a clip
from his most recent show a radio show
where he well you'll see I'm not turning
this into a gun debate I know that's
where the media will be in 30 seconds
from now that's not it you know as I've
always said I mean honestly I've been
saying now for days that something
horrible is gonna happen because of the
rhetoric really Maxine you want people
to create call your friends get in their
faces and Obama said that to get in
their faces call him out all your
friends you know get protestors follow
them into restaurants and shopping malls
and wherever else she said so he said
this within I believe an hour or two of
the shooting before any details had come
out before we knew who did it why they
did it you know this this is just an
immediate attack on the left wing and on
Maxine Waters with no nothing behind it
he made up that this is somehow related
to two waters so the same right wing
that applause shown handy for saying
things like that come after me they say
well you said it was Trump's fault well
Trump said he was gonna keep us safe and
didn't Trump said he was gonna do
something about gun violence and didn't
Trump got bribed by the NI right to the
tune of at least thirty million dollars
and that is why he doesn't know anything
about gun violence so and he calls the
press and in this case the press were
shot up the enemy of the people so you
can see that there is at least a logical
nexus there whereas Maxine Waters said
nothing about the press is excellent on
gun control and never said to physically
harm anyone so the logical nexus there
is not remotely there it's it's it's not
it doesn't make any sense at all does
not exist Sean Hannity would hear Martin
Luther King say sometimes I get
discouraged and take that as a call to
violence yeah well there were people
like Sean Hannity that did that as they
were hitting him over the head with
batons they would say well and we see
this with a lot of thugs and a lot of
police states they made me
do it they made me smash their head in
right so I mean Maxine complaining about
our ripping the kids away from their
families
how dare she complain she made us do all
the things that happened let me come
salute a couple of stories stories that
certainly if people who follow Shaun
King have seen but other people have
been talking about the last couple days
a police officer using a Taser on a guy
sitting on a curb in somewhere in
Pennsylvania with rural pencil be cover
that a second okay all right well so
we'll have that story coming up in the
second hour but the he shoots him right
after he gets misleading directions
straighten your feet out the other cop
says cross your legs and they hit him
with a Taser and then the somebody maybe
they got why you tasering me and there's
you weren't listening like you had a cop
yeah what choice did I have you left me
no choice you posed absolutely no threat
you were complying with 94% of what I
was asking you to do the rest the other
six percent was confusing he didn't do
it I was in my head so I shot you with a
tape I have to educate Sean Hannity and
the other right-wing that's part of our
job here oh they're gonna get it to gun
control within 30 seconds so you don't
why because the problem is gun control
we don't have it there's 250 million
guns in the country oh that was just a
crazy guy of course there's hundreds of
thousands there's probably millions of
crazy people in the country and we're
the only country that goes oh sure have
a gun murder anyone you like so here
I'll show you stats to back that up
let's look at graphic 33 here this is
gun violence in the country and mass
shootings on a chart with the number of
guns so the countries all the way in the
bottom left corner are the ones with
very little guns and look at that very
little mass shootings American upper
right corner has tons of guns more than
300 million now actually and tons of
mass shootings gee I wonder if they're
connected I can't quite tell by the way
they studied whether race was involved
so there's one race make a difference or
a multitude of races they studied
whether video games make a difference
they studied every single thing
and the one factor that made the biggest
difference by far was how many guns
there are and so here I'll give you more
stats Americans make up about 4.4
percent of the global population but own
42 percent of the world's guns yes
to be fair Yemen is competitive with us
so let me give you those stats adjusted
for population only Yemen has a higher
rate of mass shootings among countries
with more than 10 million people that by
the way they're in the middle of a civil
war so it's relevant that they're right
now that we're so those guns are
probably American guns yes and we are
competitive with a country in the middle
of a civil war a distinction mr.
lankford that's an expert in the field
urge to avoid outliers Yemen has the
world's second highest rate of gun
ownership after the United States so the
two countries are the biggest gun
ownership per capita or the United
States in Yemen the two countries with
the most amount of gun violence are the
United States and Yemen what an
unbelievable coincidence I think it has
to do with whether we're able to fire
teachers yeah yeah that might be it and
finally let's take a country that does
not have a lot of guns see how they do
maybe okay we happen to have Gaza Yemen
does but Japan has no guns and they're
shooting people like crazy is that
because the video games my god the
Japanese play a lot of video games
violent video games at that so let's
take a look
this means that American is about 300
times they explained in the new york
times more likely to die this is based
on stats 300 times more likely to die by
gun homicide or accident than a Japanese
person America's gun ownership rate is
150 times as high as Japan we have an
insane amount of guns in this country we
also have a normal number of insane
people in this country as every country
does except all of ours are armed so
they do one mass shooting and massacre
after another and after every one of
them sean hannity comes and goes yeah
look away from the guns it's not the
guns Trump judges done the guns it's not
the guns those guys pay us
they we get paid and we profit off of
your deaths so it's not the guns it's
Maxine Waters it's not the guns it's the
black ladies yeah it's the black well
the thing is Japan doesn't have any
Maxine Waters that's right oh it's true
but but for the right-wingers down it's
just briefly I understand that you're
probably stewing in anger right now and
you believe that the gun control is a
diversion that if we were to outlaw guns
in America you would say what you would
say then the only people who get guns
are criminals because they break the law
and buy the guns anyway why do they not
do that in Japan the citizens aren't
armed if you were a criminal and you got
a gun
you could run rampant nobody could match
you in terms of firepower and yet for
some reason that doesn't actually happen
the criminals don't get guns they're
it's weird how that works out yeah
country after country after country
after country and the same is true in
Britain and in all the countries that
don't have guns because it is hard to
get guns in those countries yeah to note
included in that was saying that you
know that we have some enormous
percentage of all the guns in the world
and we're 4.4 percent of the populations
I think it would serve Americans well to
recognize that 95.6%
of the world isn't from here they live
out there with the other people and I
think most Americans think that we are I
bet if we die bet the bet the if you
took a Basque every single American what
you think the average would be what what
number with what percentage of the
population are we what would what would
what would come down a twenty five
percent higher but like thirty one
there's gonna be a number right over but
at least 25 percent and look for the
racists out there in other words the
right-wing I know if you're thinking
you're thinking yeah yeah when those
countries like Sweden there they have a
homogeneous population that's a code
word for their white bitch then we have
mixed races and so it's the blacks fault
then how come Africa and all those
countries in Africa have a much much
lower gun homicide rate than we do two
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when
you do that on YouTube you are notified
of our videos
