Scott Pruett in the EPA are being sued
for ignoring air pollution standards and
this lawsuit can force the agency to
stop destroying our air or at least save
what we can this look it's another
Prewitt story it's one that Matt it's
one that really does matter this this is
it this is an important well I think all
of the Pruitts stories matter I mean
even the the the even the Pruitts story
where we learned that the lobbyists were
letting him live for a fraction of what
they should be charging for the condo
that he was living in and then we find
out oh by the way Pruitt has been
approached and actually has done some of
the things that these lobbyists have
asked him to do Pruitt is a thug I mean
he's just absolutely thug but here we've
got a good lawsuit because it's a it's
it's in the it's in the form of a writ
of mandamus he's being ordered to do
what he knows he's supposed to do and
his failure to do that makes him it
makes it an interval lawsuit these kinds
of cases have become very effective
lately
this is this complaint was filed in
Northern District California we're
seeing more we're seeing more and more
of these lawsuits that are called writ
of mandamus writ of prohibition writ of
prohibition is you're doing something
you shouldn't be doing and you need to
stop writ of mandamus is you've been
ordered to do something and you're not
doing it and now you need to start over
again so that's what this lawsuit
centers around the fairness yeah you
know back during the bush years the US
Supreme Court because the EPA back then
had been sued because they were not
enacting anything from the Clean Air Act
which is exactly what Scott Pruett is
basically being accused of here and the
US Supreme Court at the time controlled
by conservatives said hey you have to do
this
EPA you cannot not do your job and so
this lawsuit is trying to do the same
thing it's saying that Scott Pruett is
not enacting the safe levels for things
like sulfur dioxide pollution which we
know increases hospitalizations deaths
all kinds of respiratory diseases it
hurts the forests and streams and water
causes acid rain and Scott Pruett
he came into office said we're not gonna
worry about that anymore we're not going
to do our studies we're not going to
look into the areas that have high
levels of sulphur dioxide pollution
anymore we're not going to record it
because we don't really care because the
polluters are our good buddies now we
know the same thing we saw in climate
change this last jet last week we have
another story and and he's supposed to
he wants to cover up he wants
interesting point I mean I got that this
is such a crazy story Pruett comes out
and says I have proof I have it right
here in my back pocket I got proof that
shows unequivocally that there's no such
thing as climate change so he sued and
he says listen you want to show us this
because everything we're looking at it
shows just the opposite and he says well
I don't really want to hand it over
because why because he doesn't have it
because he was lying about it but again
it was an environmental group that said
you know we got to do what we got to do
he said this to the American public this
is what he is basing his entire
administration on so Scott how about
showing us this material and he says ah
I don't want to do that because he
doesn't have it well I'll tell you look
you know the entire time we've been
doing every a fire here I honestly can
say I don't know that I have ever seen
any government official or any at least
department head that we have ever had to
cover that is as scandalous and corrupt
and incompetent as scot-free how long
does he stay I mean give me give me your
take what does it take for Trump to say
this guy is such a cancer I mean he's
got Trump's got so many cancers on his
administration but this guy stands out
is like a big old tumor right on Trump's
forehead at what time does he say you
know never I got to get rid of he never
says it Scott Pruett is doing everything
that the entire Republican Party has
always wanted as long as he keeps
delivering repealing these regulations
not enforcing the rules it doesn't
matter how many other little distracted
let me point something out that this
doesn't have anything to do with
rank-and-file voters you understand
right in other words sometimes
Republican says I got to do these crazy
things because my base is crazy and I
want my crazy people to vote for me
because it's it's something that's broad
it might be something like guns it could
be some like immigration it's a broader
issue right this is not a broad issue
right because the average person out
there doesn't understand even what's
happening here this is a corporate issue
this is the Republicans delivering to
their corporate pals saying you know you
sent us a gazillion dollars we're gonna
give this to you here it is don't you
see that that's the difference in this
story and most scott pruett stories yeah
look any one of the things that scott
pruett has done would have gotten
anybody else from even the Bush
administration kicked out Pruett is is
Teflon man in Las Vegas the shooting
survivors are filed a lawsuit alleging
that the venue the hotels and the
security didn't do enough to protect
concert goers on the evening of the
shooting and actually as you know we've
interviewed these folks there's a few
the lawyers that are handling these
cases the stories that we're hearing are
remarkable this this case is one that
wins all day long there may be some
people that don't qualify because maybe
their injuries aren't severe enough
they're there laws that say you you know
if you're within a zone they call it the
zone of impact zone of impact is your
year of 10 yards from where somebody
falls dead from being shot you know from
from from what occurred here they die in
front of you and then because of that
you have there's all type of emotional
types of recovery that you can make
because of that what we're going to find
is that you've got there's a left foot
546 people injured 58 dead and as this
case makes its way through the through
the system it's going to make some new
law and the law is going to be how far
away from that zone of impact can you be
if you're on the other side of of the
field when the shooting took place do
you qualify to be able to recover
anything what's your take on this case
is it's filed as your
and what's happening what's your take on
this case III think it's a I think it's
a real winner here and I think that
people need to really understand what
happened the failures of this it's not
just people saying I was I was near
somebody they got shot I want to sue
this was especially MGM Resorts that
owned the Mandalay Bay where this guy
was shooting we're letting this guy come
up and down the service elevator with
his big bags of guns because he was a
high-roller with them so they didn't
want to make any waves didn't want to
ask what was in his bags and he was
passing out money right and so he was
allowed to do whatever he wanted locked
in his room for I don't even know how
many days but they didn't check on him
even though we had the Do Not Disturb
thing for days and days and days which
the rules for that have already been
changed and so they they knew something
wasn't right
but they didn't want to touch him
because of all the money he was
spreading around yeah it was all about
money we're going to report on this some
more is the case develops but this is uh
this is going to be a teaching moment in
this area
