Ivanka Trump still has not become the
savior of well anyone that everyone
thought that she may end up being in
this Trump administration it was
recently announced that Ivanka Trump
after making 82 million dollars last
year along with her husband Jared
Kushner she just gave $50,000 to mega
church pastor Jack Graham who is a good
friend of the White House frequently
goes there and holds prayers and this
50,000 is allegedly to help those in
need in this country including some of
those children who her father has had
rounded up and separated from their
parents $50,000 to this guy well as it
turns out Jack Graham at the prestonwood
Baptist Church good friend of the Trump
administration guy who's defended Trump
non-stop he also hates the LGBTQ
community one of the communities that
Ivanka Trump swore to us she was going
to protect and represent as the daughter
of the President of the United States
just handed fifty thousand dollars to a
man who has spent his adult life trying
to take away rights from the LGBTQ
community
listen 2014 he worked on a to repeal a
non-discrimination ordinance in Plano
Texas in 2015 he lashed out at the
Supreme Court over their ruling on
marriage equality by saying gay marriage
violates God's standard and his outside
God's plan for men and women in 2016
after the Access Hollywood tape came out
he stood by the president and defended
him he also defended Donald Trump after
his comments about the unite the right
rally in Charlottesville in 2017 when he
said there were some very fine people
there this is the kind of guy that
Ivanka Trump just handed $50,000 to
because she thinks somehow that's going
to help children in the United States
who need some help
does Ivanka not know of any other
charitable organizations in this country
I mean hell she actually sits on the
board of one or at least did until her
father became
President of the United States but her
brothers are still on it she could have
given the money to them although I think
she knows at this point that any money
you give to a trump charity just goes
back into the pockets of the Trump
family itself Ivanka Trump does not care
about anyone in this country I am sick
and tired of people still thinking that
some day she's gonna come out and be
this Savior she's not defending the
LGBTQ community she's not defending the
environment she's not defending these
detained children she is not helping the
needy she is not doing anything other
than helping her husband arrange deals
to personally enrich themselves and
that's how they made 82 million dollars
while still being employees of the Trump
administration if vodka Trump is just as
bad as her father she is no different
than him she is not better than him she
may not be as on the surface as abrasive
as he is but she is filled with just as
much hate and hypocrisy and arrogance as
Donald Trump
