Sean Hannity is very much concerned
about an incredibly scary candidate he
wants to warn his audience members about
that about this candidate her name is
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez and she wants
to give everyone healthcare huh so in
this segment he talks about all the
things that most Americans actually want
and then urges people to not vote for
her take a look and many are hailing
Cortez as a rising star on the political
landscape but in reality her views her
policy positions are actually downright
scary look by the way he was a guy that
was supposed to take over Nancy Pelosi
perhaps look very carefully this is the
future this is your modern Democratic
Party Cortez will likely win the general
election and a democratic district is
pushing for let's the single-payer
universal health care universal jobs
government subsidized housing for
everybody tuition free colleges she
wants to abolish ice and of course
impeach President Trump now the only
difference between the self-proclaimed
socialist that you just saw and the rest
of the Democratic Party is she's
actually more honest that was awesome
right so one of the things on the list
that of course is gonna stand out to me
is housing for everyone so I think most
Americans do want housing for everyone
unless you're a monster and you get your
kicks off of thinking about people
living out on the streets I mean if
that's what you like then you're
hopeless we're not having a conversation
with you but oddly enough Sean Hannity
falls under that category he thinks
housing for everyone are you kidding me
housing for everyone health care for
everyone why don't we just let people
die out on the streets if they can't
afford it I mean it's amazing yeah and
by the way somebody who did housing or
city that that housing for everyone was
Utah a Salt Lake City in Utah and and it
turns out it worked
it brought homelessness down and it
saves money oh okay but one step further
not only did it bring homelessness down
save money for the city but it also
increased property values because there
weren't homeless people like living on
the streets in front of your home right
that's what you say Anna I say scary
okay did you see the rest of that list I
love that and we just had a concert
Cortez on the show and she said it's I'm
gonna run it as a Facebook ad that
segment of Hannity's but if you look at
the right side of the list mobilizing
against climate change okay that's a
progressive position but one held by
about 60% of the country so I guess the
country's progressive clean campaign
finance over 90 percent of the country
agrees with that including the
overwhelming majority of Republicans
higher education for all that's equality
of opportunity in the American dream
women's rights so this is scary this is
the list of scary positions that Hannity
put on right women's rights is scary
supporting LGBT rights scary supports
seniors oh the goddamn seniors are gonna
support them to the average age of a Fox
News viewer is 68 years old Henry's
doing his show from a senior citizen
center and doesn't know it so on the
board it says support seniors there you
go scary and they're like for every 38
year old that watches Handy's program
there's a 98 year old out watches that's
insane that's how old his audiences but
lucky for them Cortes got elected so
thank you very much for that ad we we
really appreciate it
by the way our consular Cortes of course
has her own platform every one of the
just Democrats has their own platform
they but just Democrats have a platform
and a lot of them take it and then they
crafted to match their particular views
the person who wrote the original
justice emigrants platform in case
you're wondering and it's an interesting
little fact
kolinsky from secular talk okay and then
I along with the just Democrat staff
helped to edit it and make an improve
upon it etcetera and then a candidates
like Alexandria take their and make it
their own
so she added things that based on the
news like support Puerto Rico which of
course she believed in all along but
especially given the facts and and the
recent things and then she led on the
issue of abolishing ice and that was a
really bold stance and they said oh well
that's not gonna work ru it's gonna be
far left
people don't want that well people
they're grabbing people off the streets
and they're stopping people based on the
fact that they're just speaking Spanish
when they have no evidence against them
guess what it turns out people kind of
like that idea so she made it her own
and she made it powerful and that is
exactly why the Sean Hannity's of the
world are scared yes powerful and
unapologetic right she's not afraid to
share these ideas and do it you know in
an aggressive way and that's what I love
about her now here is the second Hannity
clip where he's trying to energize you
know Republican voters to go out and
fight people like Cortes I keep saying
this is the single most important
midterm election of our lifetimes now
will president Trump be able to assert
his agenda for the last two years of his
first term or are socialists will they
be able to impeach him obstruct him
every step of the way will we have
another originalist on the Supreme Court
or will Democrats be able to
successfully block Kennedy's successor
do you really want these people running
the country yes definitely man he
punched that these people line okay so
these people who support seniors and
other Americans do you really want them
running the country instead of the
people who will bow down the corporate
overlords hmm so I think the answer was
overwhelmingly yes in her district and I
think that what Hannity is afraid of and
know is that they're gonna find out in a
lot of districts that people are gonna
say yeah wait a minute these people are
sticking up for us instead of their
donors so let me give you other folks I
mean it's a great list of people but
Brent welder and Kansas Conny Ella in
Hawaii and then just Democrats that have
already won like Jess King and and Kerry
Eastman and the list goes on go to just
Democrats calm find out the people
who've already won their primaries are
going to general election find out the
people who still have primaries coming
up there's some wonderful candidates and
that is why just Democrat like Brent
welder is now leading his Republican
opponent by 7 points in the middle of
Kansas and that is why the Republicans
are right now in a panic and that's why
you know what happened so this is guys
you're part of this movement and you
were instrumental in making this happen
so if once Acacio Cortes wins
she then endorses Brant welder okay
because now her endorsement is important
because she has power and then people
got oh my gosh she endorsed her Brent
welders so let's look at what's
happening in Kansas they look at Brent
and then the Republicans panic because
they see the poll where he's beating
Kevin Yoder the Republican incumbent and
then they put out press releases all the
Democrats they better not go in this
direction please don't go in this
direction I mean this is dangerous for
us I mean why are you so scared we
shouldn't you be thrilled if I thought
my opponent was making a mistake they're
about to score on their own basket would
I be like hey stop putting press
releases like hey watch out that guy's
about to do me a favor exact right so
come by the way TYT Kansas calm and and
that's the way to support Brent well
there we've is supporting him from day
one and I said one more thing I know
what the money that this audience has
raised for Alexandria Acacio Cortes
Brent welder and so many other just
Democrats it's over two million dollars
in total you guys are amazing and the
Republicans are absolutely right
to be scared out of their minds of you
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
