joining me now is Alexandra Casio Cortez
she of course famously won her primary
in New York defeating the fourth most
powerful Democrat in the House Joe
Crowley she's going on to the general
election in 21 days
Alexandria welcome back to The Young
Turks Network I great to be back thank
you so much
absolutely great to have you back so I
think it's fair to say that you stand an
excellent chance of winning the general
election so I wanted to ask you about
your plans for the future and and the
plans for progressives and just
Democrats as well so first a question
that might be fairly straightforward for
others but in your case with all of your
priorities it's a very interesting one
committee assignments are there any is
that you're particularly looking forward
to or would want to be on yeah you know
there's a lot of phenomenal committees
that would be great to sit on
particularly for the progressive
movement for our district and my
district in mere 14 there's a couple
that I think would be really great
education and labor is one natural
resources or energy and commerce would
be great to address some of our green
New Deal legislation that would really
include broad reforms to education jobs
housing and and wages and so I think
Natural Resources energy and commerce
education and labor and of course
oversight so that we can have more
accountability in the role of money in
politics you know these are all really
important agenda items
mmm I like the sound of every one of
those including oversight that sounds
fantastic especially with the systemic
corruption that we have unfortunately
dominating Washington right now you
mentioned green new deal there let's
talk a little bit about that what is the
green new deal so one of the things that
we're working on is essentially 21st
century New Deal legislation but instead
of mobilizing our economy around war we
need to have that kind of broad mass
mobilization so that we can really
transition to a hundred percent
renewables as quickly as possible IPCC
will he
a report about last week or earlier this
week that said we basically have 12
years left to address climate change or
else future generations will experience
cataclysmic consequences and so for me
this is a bet this is an existential
issue we need wartime mobilization
around climate change and that level of
economic mobilization is going to be
required and in the same way that we
have an urgency when we mobilize entire
economies around existential war crises
or threats I don't see any larger threat
to our existence than climate change and
it's going to take a really full
economic mobilization in order for us to
address it
so Alexandria I'm not asking this in a
CNN way
genuinely want to know green New Deal
how much do you think makes sense to
spend on a program like that and what do
you think would be the economic benefits
as well as the cost that would accrue
from that yeah I mean when you think
when we talk about green New Deal it's
it's so much bigger than just you know
switching to switching to to renewable
energy it's so much more than just
switching to electric cars what we're
really talking about is an overhaul of
our education system for us and that's
one of the reasons why sometimes I
hesitate to call it a green new deal
what it really is is 21st century New
Deal legislation that focuses on
renewable energy
you know we're mobilizing the economy
towards updating our energy but 21st
century New Deal this is it includes a
federal jobs guarantee it includes it
does and a federal jobs guarantee by the
way includes a $15 minimum wage it
includes paid health care and child and
sick leave if we're talking about
universal child care we're talking about
expanding trade schools so that people
can much more easily transition away
from working in the coal industry or the
fossil fuel industry and towards working
on solar panels for me I think that we
you know it deserves all of the
resources possible that we have
we think about what government is useful
for it should be used to improve the
lives of everyday people and I really
don't think that there is a price tag on
our survival when it comes when it comes
to global warming and climate change
when you see job unity for the people
who are not familiar with that what does
that mean so a federal jobs guarantee is
really exciting legislation what it
basically does is that it guarantees a
minimum quality of work of labor rather
a minimum quality of jobs that creates
essentially a public option for
employment so federal jobs guarantee
means that we can create employment you
can opt into a public option for
employment that guarantees a $15 minimum
wage paid child and family sick leave as
well as paid paid healthcare Medicare
for all could be a potential component
of it and what that does is that it
creates a almost a public option
competitor in the job market
so if you are being exploited at work if
you have a low wage job if you are in an
industry with a lot of harassment for
example you can always opt out in and
opt into the public option for
employment so if you are getting paid
less than fifteen dollars an hour you
can pop you can you can opt into a
public option for employment so it's a
really clever way of while we try to
pass a living wage we'll also
essentially create a competitor in the
labor market so that people can always
opt in to a higher quality of work and
it basically forces the private sector
to step it up because if a person has to
choose between working at Walmart for $7
an hour or opted into federal jobs
guarantee program for $15 an hour
they're all going to work and the
federal jobs guarantee and it'll
essentially force Walmart to pay more in
wages in order for them to keep up with
the demand for jobs so oftentimes the
Republicans paint people taking
advantage what they would call advantage
of government program
as bums but in this case you literally
have to work for it it is a job and you
have to show up to work to be able to
get paid I'm not misunderstanding that
right no not at all and in fact it it
opens up employment for so many people
because there are so many people that
are that are not in the labor market
right now that aren't being counted you
know many would argue in unemployment
rates because they're either
underemployed or they have given up on
looking for work and what a Federal jobs
guarantee does that a guarantee is
employment you it'll give you paid
health care child and family sick leave
a minimum wage of employment and mind
you and we talk about people who taking
public taking public assistance there is
no greater recipient of public
assistance than people than mass
corporations like Walmart and up until
very recently Amazon which depended on
food stamps in order to compensate for
for to make up the gap because they were
paying their employees so little that
they couldn't live off of these wages
and so to me when we talk about raising
the minimum wage this is a cost-saving
measure for government because when we
mandate an increase in minimum wage we
make the minimum wage a living wage then
that means that we're gonna have far
less people seeking public assistance on
food stamps and Medicaid because they're
actually being paid enough to live
because right now you know you look at
Walmart
that's employing so many people in this
country and there's and there are lots
of people that work for Walmart that
also rely on things like food stamps and
government programs so if we mandate a
higher minimum wage either through
competition or just through federal
legislation we're going to see our
enrollment in in public programs you
know decrease well theoretically
conservatives should also like it
because could lead to higher wages
that's good for everybody but also then
people have no excuse for not working
and because they're guaranteed a job so
it should be a win-win for everybody and
then you could do infrastructure etc
but my guess is that it will not be
perceived that way by the people in
charge in the Republican Party or
honestly in the mainstream media so now
let's talk about the Democratic Party
and what you think their focus should be
in in two ways one is in Congress in in
just three weeks when when you likely
win the election and and also for 2020
what do you think the focus of the
Democratic Party should be you know I
think that the focus of the Democratic
Party should be in improving the lives
of working-class Americans period that
means making sure that we are focusing
on single-payer universal health care
that means that we should have hard
commitments on not taking corporate
money it means that we need a hard
commitment on tuition free public
colleges and trade schools it means that
we need to address our system of mass
incarceration and end the war on drugs
and it means that we need to address our
broken immigration system that is
allowing the current administration to
violate so many children's human rights
by detaining them at our border and I I
think that it's to me it's very
straightforward we need to make people's
lives better
you need to increase wages we need to
improve jobs we need to extend health
care is a human right and we need to
reject corporate money and anything else
is you know largely a distraction and we
shouldn't be worrying about any of the
things that Republicans don't worry that
Republicans don't not only not worry
about but freely violate you know this
idea that we're gonna be hamstrung by
how are you going to pay for it in order
to to mitigate our ideas and our
platform is outrageous does anyone ask
the GOP how they're gonna pay for their
two trillion dollar tax cut did anyone
ask the GOP how they're gonna pay for
their additional four trillion dollar
tax cut which the news didn't even pick
up recently that passed the House of
Representatives no one asked these
questions when it comes to the
Republican agenda yeah I feel you know
our party has to somehow even in larger
races have to have to somehow somehow
cut
back on our vision and I don't think
that campaigns are the time for us to
cut back on our vision it's it's our
time to be the most ambitious that we
could possibly be so it is a curious
phenomenon and now that you've done so
many media interviews obviously not
before your race when they wouldn't give
you the you know the time of day but now
afterwards thank you but it is curious
that whenever you propose a program to
help the average American higher wages
health care for their families people
and and this has happened to you
personally on a number of occasions and
not Fox News but mainstream media
outlets that are theoretically in the
middle will jump down your throat how
dare you how can you possibly pay for
any of that stuff but yet when you
prioritize rich people and giving them
tax cuts you don't get the same
questions when you start disastrous wars
that cost us trillions of dollars you
don't get the same questions so now
having experienced it why do you think
that is why do you think that the
mainstream media is so predisposed to
being skeptical about progressive
priorities and what appears to be
welcoming and well or at the bare
minimum unscathed ago about Republican
priorities well you know part of it I
think sometimes is that if you are a
mass corporation and even if you're
neutral if there's legislation out there
that will cut your taxes there's kind of
it's kind of difficult to be unbiased in
that situation where you're being you
know personally impacted especially when
we talk about the you know the 1% and
mega corporations paying their fair
share that includes a lot of media
corporations and conglomerates as well
which by the way is also are also
becoming monopolies there was there was
much greater competition in the media
market just a few short decades ago and
now what we're starting to see is the
slow but sure consolidation of media
outlets whether it's Rupert Murdoch and
and whether it's Fox News starting to
potentially congeal with many other
with many many other news outlets or the
other way around is that what we're
seeing is these multi-billion and multi
you know multi-million and multi in some
cases billion-dollar media corporations
sometimes they're there they stand to
have their taxes raised as well so I
don't know if that's a part of it or
what but we've been here before
you know these are not new ideas we have
had higher tax rates and you know what
happened when we tax the rich at a very
high rate we went to the moon
we established social security we we
electrified the country and when we put
working people first and we try to
advance and guarantee a basic level of
dignity in this country we advance and
you know that's my opinion that's my
story I'm sticking to it you know I
haven't actually heard it quite put that
way and I even me after all these years
I'm conditioned to think like well I
mean don't say higher taxes right now
but it is and there and there's nothing
wrong with that I mean you're right I
never thought about it but we put a man
on the moon doing that and and and I
want people understand it's marginal tax
rates so in under Eisenhower Republican
president the highest tax rate in this
country was 91% but that doesn't mean
that everybody was being taxed 91% no
only every marginal dollar above a huge
number right so it actually applied to
very few people on some of their income
not all of their income and it worked we
had the number one economy in the world
at the time yeah absolutely this is not
about the average you know person's cost
going up or the average person's you
know that the average person's taxes
going if you look at Medicare for all
the vast majority of Americans will see
their health cost decrease the average
American pays about ten thousand dollars
a year in their medical costs and and
what we're really seeing is that when
you when when we look at the cost
breakdowns for Medicare for all the vast
majority of Americans will will
experience cost savings and your costs
will only
essentially change if you make more than
250,000 dollars per year and even then
it's only certain under certain
circumstances so what we're talking
about is preventing the increased the
increased inequality that's that's
happening and what we're saying is that
there is a certain extent there is a
certain point at which when the rich are
getting richer and the poor are getting
poorer we need to intervene so if you're
trying to make your ten millionth dollar
of a of the year that 10 millionth
dollar is gonna get taxed way higher it
just it just is and and it's going to
impact such a small percentage of
Americans that we're not even gonna
notice but it's going to it but the
folks who aren't getting poor that poor
that isn't going to get poorer is
definitely gonna notice it yes and and
of course it also circulates the economy
so I'm curious if you think we're
winning on progressive priorities
because you know it makes your media
obviously we just had that discussion no
not necessarily winning yet in my
opinion and most of them are a tea party
are still not at the positions that you
stated but is there an argument to be
made that progressives are winning
overall yeah I think that you would I
think that one would be harder pressed
to say that progresses aren't winning
right now you look at where our messages
with the American people with the actual
electorate you know forget our forget
elected officials for a moment when you
look at the actual American people
seventy percent of Americans are now
approving of Medicare for all and that
includes a majority of Republican voters
we're now at 52 percent of Republicans
who want Medicare for all we're getting
majorities in tuition free public
college earlier this year abolish ice
was an extremely fringe position that
wasn't even polled now we have
majorities of Democrats who either
approve of abolishing ice or disapprove
of ice overall and now we're at up to
twenty percent of Republican voters who
support abolishing ice right now we went
from zero to twenty percent of rough
publicans so I think that we're actually
gaining a ton of ground and that that
gaming ground may not be reflected in
the media that we consume but it's
absolutely the truth on the ground and
it's what I see when I'm organizing when
I went to go visit Abdul el Syed in
Michigan or James Thompson who one is
primary in Kansas these these are places
that are in deep red districts or swing
districts and it's exactly these
priorities that American people are
asking us to pass so I think we won and
I think we continue to win on this
message because we're fighting for what
is right and I think that what is right
eventually is what will win in this
country if we work for it I I love it
I hope we don't get tired of winning so
look and I want the audience understand
of course there's still a long way to go
and pushing the Democratic Party to the
right place let alone all of Congress
and etc but it's a hell of a thing I
mean and I did not know that stat
Alexandria that twenty percent of
Republicans not want to abolish ice and
and to me what that says is it's amazing
what you could accomplish if you just
try if you make the case and so and that
and that I have said often on the show
which is and and it was a problem for
establishment Democrats for as long as
I've been doing this show which is a
long time they never make their case so
if you make your case you can make a big
big difference so I'll end on this then
the question is speaking and making your
case you've got the just Democrats that
are going into Congress now you already
have three incumbents from Ellijay
Apollo or Halle and roh-roh Khanna and
it looks like at least four of you are
definitely going to win you Rasheeda
Talib Ilhan Omar and Ayanna Presley and
then many others have an excellent
chance of winning whether it's James
Thompson or so many others across the
country there's 26 candidates still in
the general elections so if you have a
caucus what's your plan for the Justice
Democrats I think one of the things that
we'll definitely need to do is is be the
party or at least be
cohort that makes the case I think that
right now we're operating way too much
in other people's frames and we can be
the cohort of people that makes the case
for the broad agenda that frankly the
American people are asking us to advance
and I think that what we can do is we
can inject a lot more political courage
in our system I think there's a lot of
fear based decision making and we need
to come from a place of strength and I
think that if there's anything that the
Justice Democrats embody it's the
strength of our mission and the
confidence of our platform because
ultimately we know that what we're doing
is right and it doesn't matter if it's
it doesn't matter about the short-term
consequences or what's politically
popular in the short-term we are
concerned with what the right thing to
do is and I think and I hope that you
know it's it's one of my goals but I
know that all of us we can we hope to be
just a voice of moral clarity not just
within the party but within Congress
overall so obviously I didn't know
you're gonna say that but I I have to
say I love that one too
my personal slogan used to be for a long
time proceeded from strength and and so
when you have strong progressives that
are uncorrupted which is the whole point
of just Democrats making a strong case
for progressive priorities it's going to
be fascinating to see what happens in
Congress to see how the media reacts to
it and and I for a long time we have not
had progressives in power in this
country and the fact that you guys are
about to seize some power and a growing
slice of the pie is going to be
something to behold so this time around
whether it's fortunately the mainstream
media seem biased against it or the
Republicans they better brace for impact
let's not forget how JD started
JD started with right here on TYT
viewers and supporters we laid out kind
of this grand vision and at the time it
was just that it was just an idea but it
was a few
like we had to do something in this
cycle and we had to do something in
order to make sure that the progressive
movement had has had an avenue of power
in the 2018 midterm elections but it was
just an idea
and it was up and you know TYT viewers
and supporters and just JD viewers and
supporters people who heard and saw the
idea came out and they supported it with
small dollar average contributions and
then they went on to fund many campaigns
with small dollar average contributions
to this day my average contribution is
twenty eight dollars and I know that
JD's average contribution must be around
there too and it was just with that
early cohort of people who believed that
we now have four overwhelmingly favored
candidates to be seated in Congress and
potentially more once November 6 rolls
around so I always have to remember that
it's it's a small group of people who
believe that always change the world and
always change this country and never
think that just because we're not at 52
percent or 60 percent that we're losing
really it's so long as we're trying
we're making advances yeah and and this
is just the beginning just like we said
and it's a hell of a beginning I'm not
sure anyone expected it to be this
strong right from the get-go so if you
thought 2018 was good wait till you get
a load of 2020
so Alexandria thank you for joining us
on The Young Turks again and probably
the last time we'll talk to you before I
introduce you next time as
representative or cross your questions
knock on wood yes indeed all right thank
you
