all right now joining us is Alexandria
connoisseur of Cortez she obviously won
a historic upset in in the Queens the
Bronx in that district likely to be a
United States congresswoman unlikely to
be the youngest woman to ever go to
Congress now of course after that
historic upset there are a lot of people
who were shocked and there were a lot of
people who were upset and both on the
Democratic and the Republican side and
we wanted to bring her back on to answer
some of those charges first of all
Alexandria great to have you back on hi
great to have great to be here all right
great so first thing I want to ask you
Alexandria is some folks in the
Democratic establishment including
people like Nancy Pelosi have said no
this race is not indicative that it's
just about your particular district or
the demographics of your district and
that it is not about a trend or a
movement in the country how do you
respond to that well I think that that
is it's just incorrect especially now
that we're seeing the breakdance of how
we won this race you know now that we've
had now there were out about last 24 to
48 hours we're getting a little bit more
sophisticated data back and a lot of
people kind of tried to write this
victory off as a demographic victory
they tried to write this off as you know
a fluke but what we're seeing actually
in where this campaign won it really
dominated almost every demographic it
wasn't like it wasn't split by race
disproportionately it wasn't split too
much by geography at all um we really
carried almost the entire district
across demographics and we really
especially carried with young people we
carried with but we carried across race
as well so I think that what this really
was about was a very strong message and
a very strong strategy so just to follow
up on that
Alexandria so do you think that there is
a movement in the country and that this
is just the tip of the spear indicative
of that movement
you look at what's going on with justice
Democrats I'm so thankful for this
moment right now because just this
morning you know we had this real
whirlwind of media yesterday but now
today we're starting to see that other
justice Democrats are starting to get
taken much more seriously I was on MSNBC
with Corey Bush of Missouri this morning
I'm hearing that Sarah Smith out in
Washington is now was now on CNN
recently and I think that this is this
is absolutely a movement you know I
think that a lot of this message can
carry throughout the country and
reverberate throughout the country
Alexandria I feel like I feel like the
reason that your your message resonated
with people of all demographics is
because you really spoke to the issues
that matter to everyone and and they're
issues that don't discriminate based on
race so in your debate with crowley what
I loved was that you kept driving home
the point of housing and how affordable
housing keeps getting demolished and
luxury condos keep getting built or
luxury apartments keep getting built
that is a problem that not only impacts
New Yorkers but people throughout the
country including here in Los Angeles
so I just wanted to thank you for
drawing attention to that issue it's
something that I really care about and I
feel like it gets ignored by most
politicians so they have to bring that
up
thank you no and it's because it's
probably one of the most powerful
bipartisan lobbies in in Congress and
and in general as well you know it's not
it's an housing is not really seen as a
partisan issue but it is an issue where
a lot of Americans are in crisis so I
thought it was just a really important
and exemplary issue that even you know I
think a lot of progressives could run on
especially those that live in urban
areas where you know people are getting
really priced out absolutely so now we
heard from some of the dismissive
comments from you know the establishment
Democrats but now the right-wing is a
little concerned and Hannity actually
spoke about you on his show last night
and we're going to show you a little
clip and then
get your response to it let's take a
look and many are hailing Cortez has a
rising star on the political landscape
but in reality her views for policy
positions are actually downright scary
look by the way he was a guy that was
supposed to take over for Nancy Pelosi
perhaps look very carefully this is the
future this is your modern Democratic
Party Cortez will likely win the general
election and a democratic district is
pushing for let's see single-payer
universal health care universal jobs
government subsidized housing for
everybody
tuition free colleges she wants to
abolish ice and of course impeach
President Trump now the only difference
between the self-proclaimed socialist
that you just saw and the rest of the
Democratic Party is she's actually more
honest I mean it's kind of incredible
because I feel like he did an ad
campaign for you I that that screen
showed all these incredible things like
health care for all free education but I
mean what's your response to these scary
policies I want to cut that clip and
just run it as a Facebook ad really
amazing thank you Sean Hannity for such
a succinct and rousing description of my
platform and I'm excited about it
because I mean first of all a you know
hey earn media and secondly this is the
platform that the majority of Americans
support you know one of the reasons I'm
so excited to support this platform is
because 60% of Americans believe that
Medicare for all is the answer the
majority of Americans like 80 percent
support a clean DREAM Act people want
education people want access to housing
and we're here to advocate for it so you
know I think I was I had a I had a tweet
drafted earlier today I hadn't seen this
but I had a tweet drafted and I wasn't
able to send it out but but basically
that the GOP is freaking out because I'm
gonna send their kids to college yeah
I'll do it
I will move through I will make do on
that threat
all right Alexandria concierge Cortes
very likely soon to be a congresswoman
from Queens and Bronx thank you so much
for joining us really appreciate it
thank you you guys thank you for
did support bars to easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
