a report by the Texas Tribune indicates
that toddlers and young children are
expected to appear in court and see a
judge in regard to their deportation
hearings and their asylum hearings now
this is all because of the fact that
these children were separated from their
parents due to Donald Trump's
zero-tolerance policy and so when they
go to court they're not going to be with
their parents in many cases they will be
with an attorney representing them but
some of them can't even speak yet so
it's a little difficult for them to make
their case so according to the report
immigrant children as young as 3 are
being ordered into court for their own
deportation proceedings and that's
according to attorneys in Texas
California and Washington DC so here's a
more confirmation of how this is going
on leaders at three legal services
organizations and a private firm
confirmed that children are being served
with notices to appear in court they are
not entitled to an attorney but rather
are given a list of legal services
organizations that might help them I bet
that really helps the three-year-olds
they're like oh thank you for the list
of legal services organizations let me
pour through this and get back to you
kids as young as three so now let's be
clear and and give you the full context
have unaccompanied minors representing
themselves in court before in
proceedings like this yes why because
they came in on a company we don't have
a choice we don't know who their adults
are in there their parents are and they
didn't come with those adult parents
okay now but most of those kids are of
course older why because they were able
to come from wherever they live all the
way to the United States and make it
into the US so that obviously
three-year-old couldn't do that but now
that we are separating the kids from
their parents there's all these young
kids going to court one of the kids
started climbing on the table in the
middle of the proceedings
why because they're a three year old
they don't know what's going on and so
they have to defend themselves in front
of the judge while someone is trying to
throw them out of the country right so I
do want to give you a statement from one
of the lawyers who spoke to the Texas
Tribune about this because it gives you
a sense of how insane
this policy is and what the following
consequences have been one lawyer says
we were representing a three-year-old in
court recently who had been separated
from the parents and the child in the
middle of the hearing started climbing
up on the table it really highlighted
the absurdity of what we're doing with
these kids and look so there's the
three-year-old but it doesn't really
matter nine year old 11 year old so
these lawyers are putting these absurd
situations where they have to say super
obvious things like a child is in a
disadvantageous position to defend
themselves you think okay and the kids
don't understand the intricacies that
are involved with deportation and
immigration court of course seven C's of
anything let alone a deportation court
so the Trump administration instead of
reuniting them with their families and
at least have their parents make their
case they bring these kids in from all
these different ages and go okay why did
you come to this country why are you
seeking asylum okay answer for yourself
because it's a kid no idea what's going
on right exactly exactly you can't
expect them to defend themselves and
look this this was already a problem
with unaccompanied minors and Trump went
out of his way to exacerbated but do you
know what Trump's solution is to
something like this just send them back
on their own don't know judges why are
we dealing with judges that's his way of
dealing with it his argument is we
prosecute everyone who tries to come to
the United States and and we don't need
judge and we don't need judges for it
but that's his way of dealing with let's
think about that or K those two things
they're absurd by themselves but when
you put them together they become insane
so one is okay if somebody crosses the
border and Trump says we don't need
judges instead of hey they're saying I'm
seeking asylum if I go back to my
country I'll be killed right Trump says
I don't care and what do you think we're
the land of the free and the home of the
brave no go back and get killed I don't
care this you're not gonna see a judge
you're not gonna see a judge so that's
vicious okay the other thing is you
cross the border and in the past after
proceedings to figure out hey should you
be here or should
not be here if you're not supposed to be
here we send you back that makes sense
okay Trump says don't have the
proceedings well then how do we know if
they're supposed to be here he then says
no put them in prison but wait a minute
when you combine those two things how
are you supposed to put them in prison
if there are no judges now we've added a
third layer of absurdity bring the kids
in the court and deal with them but he
still doesn't want judges so who's gonna
deal with the kids if they're not judges
no I mean the right wing will prove just
how pro-life it is I mean the right ring
right now is celebrating because there's
gonna be a super conservative Supreme
Court justice who could help in
overturning roe v wade because they're
very pro-life right but when it comes to
the lives of these children don't really
care that much
yeah just toss them back to whatever
country they came from doesn't matter if
there's gang violence doesn't matter if
they'll be murdered who cares we want to
bring people here based on merit sort up
if they're white I and last part of this
is I literally don't know what they're
gonna do with these kids and I'm not
sure they know because in a store we
covered earlier in the week a judge who
was a George W Bush appointee said oh my
god you guys have no plan you have no
plan on how to put the families back
together this is unbelievable right so
let's say they judicata that the
five-year-old doesn't belong here
because he couldn't defend himself in
court and couldn't explain why he needed
to asylum because he's a five-year-old
and you ripped him away from his parents
what did we do with the five-year-old do
we go put him in the middle of the
desert what do we do with them and some
of the parents have already been
deported in New York
the mayor is reporting parents have been
deported without their kids so do we
know where the parents are no we don't
so where do we ship the five-year-olds
what are we gonna do with that
three-year-old that's a real case what
are we gonna do with that three-year-old
just throw them across the border they
never had any plan their only plan was
be as vicious as you can and part of the
reason is they want voter turnout in the
midterm elections to their voters it
appeals to their base that's the reason
why Trump does what he does he just
wants to
you're tough without actually doing
anything to solve any problem in the
country
we're having trouble motivating them to
show up to the vote so we keep losing
these special elections oh I got an idea
here's how we could motivate our vicious
voters start ripping families apart
maybe the oh that's fun let's go vote
well at least we got to rip those
families apart and the kids don't play
it for them and they don't have their
parents anymore by the way I'm pro-life
yeah I'll believe it when I see it now
they're pro-government controlling your
life they have absolutely no principles
anything that trumps supporting
right-wingers say just know that they're
the exact opposite of that they love big
government they love controlling your
life they are not pro-life and they are
incredibly vicious to those who have no
position of power so why do they not
care about a three-year-old if their
whole principle is pro-life and then the
kids what about the children what about
the children that's what do we care
about the children that are in your womb
we care so much about the fetuses okay
well then you should care just at a
minimum just as much about the
three-year-old so why don't you care
about the three-year-old cuz when it's
in your womb it isn't about the kid it's
about the woman absolutely because then
you can control her and you get to be
big government get between her and her
doctor and say you will not make
decisions anymore I will make those
decisions for you know your role
that's the whole point of the so-called
pro-life movement two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
