in a story that continues to develop
we've gotten word that there was a
shooter at the Capitol Gazette a
newspaper in Annapolis Maryland
now this occurred in the newsroom of the
paper and so far we know that at least
five people have died as a result of
this person opening fire we do not know
the identification of the shooter at the
moment but here is what we do know an
intern working for the paper put out a
tweet indicating that they were in
harm's way
he had tweeted the following active
shooter and then included the address
and said please help us now that's
Anthony messenger again he's an intern
Anthony messenger also tweeted at the
Baltimore Sun that a writer at the
Capitol Gazette who edits other local
newspapers was shot and Phil Davis who
is a gazette reporter said that multiple
people had been shot now we got word
that John McNamara was one of the
individuals who was shot and again this
is a developing story the details are
still incredibly sketchy and police are
kind of holding back from releasing a
lot of information but just to read some
of what Phil Davis one of the reporters
had said on Twitter and this was not
while he was hiding under a desk this
was actually while he was waiting to
speak to police he had tweeted there is
nothing more terrifying than hearing
multiple people get shot while you're
under your desk and then hear the gunman
were low reload he also said a single
shooter shot multiple people at my
office some of whom are dead finally he
says gunman shot through the glass door
to the office and opened fire on
multiple employees can't say much more
and don't want to declare anyone dead
but it's bad but we now know that at
least five people have died okay the
country has lost its mind on several
different fronts I want to break it down
and and and explain it this is an attack
on the press that Donald Trump called
the enemy of the people given the amount
of gun violence in the country given the
right wing assault on the press this is
not remotely surprising is anyone really
surprised when you heard about an
active shooter and five people dead that
were you shocked I thought yeah well
it's it's Thursday in America of course
there's an active shooter there's always
an active shooter because we have 250
million guns in the country and the
right-wing which has lost its mind in
its entirety celebrates it yeah that's
called freedom that's not what I call
freedom and those people are dead just
for one second think about what Phil
Davis said imagine in your office
wherever your office is just picture it
for a second and you hear a shooter and
picture your co-workers there getting
shot you go under your desk and you hear
them reload that's what happened today
Phil Davis was super lucky to survive as
where all the survivors but five people
did not survive because we have a
country that has lost its mind okay
let's just give everybody guns
everybody gets guns gee I wonder if a
certain percentage of the population is
going to be mentally unbalanced of
course in every country you have a
certain percentage that is mentally
unbalanced and they might have no reason
behind an attack they might have a
political reason behind an attack they
might have a religious reason behind the
attack but the bottom line is of course
they're crazy they're all crazy
you think terrorists are saying you
think they oh my I'm a dentist and
everything is going well and you know I
got three kids but you know what I'm
just gonna go shoot people no they're
looking for honor and glory in their
twisted minds in in in almost all these
cases and plus there's just the people
who really should be locked up in
asylums and we don't do that either and
and so and then on top of that literally
fiery Stu that we have in this country
we then have the president inciting
people non-stop so then look I'm gonna
get to the second way the Republican
Party's losses mine but I want to go to
video 13 this was just was less than a
week ago right in South Carolina um
Donald Trump well take a look a few days
ago I called the fake dues the enemy of
the people and they are they
the enemy of the people because they
have no sources they just make them up
when there are none say that we can't
criticize their dishonest coverage
because of the First Amendment you know
they always bring up the First Amendment
okay
so and I discussed this on a previous
show I think is it all right to
criticize the press of course it is you
also have a First Amendment right right
is it okay to call them biased of course
it is is it okay to call them the enemy
of the people especially when you're the
President of the United States no not
remotely okay how many times is this guy
incited people he says oh you got to
attack him I'll pay for your bills
attack attack attack and this
charlottesville happens he learns
nothing from it and then he goes on to
say there's very good people on both
sides there's very good people on the
Nazi side is that what happened he has
no remorse and and he could the
Republican voters had already almost
lost their minds and Trump just put him
over the top so why do I blame all the
voters which no one else says oh my god
don't criticize the Republican voters no
I won't criticize them because they love
guns and they said give it to everybody
give it to everybody don't get surprised
when they're the policies they voted for
wind up murdering someone you know okay
and and in the case of the media poll
just came out just came out ninety two
percent of Republicans say that the news
sources report news they know to be fake
false or purposely misleading 92% 92% of
Republican voters say they all go to
their newsrooms
like the one they just shot up and we
don't know who it is in specific I'm
telling you the trends and where the
right-wing keeps pushing right oh they
go into that Capitol cassette and they
old they don't actually do the news they
don't check any of the facts they just
make up stuff against Republicans oh
there's enemy of the people
why don't you the only thing left to say
is why don't you do something about it
they bring him right up to the edge
except for my lady innopolis who just
said a couple of days ago I can't wait
for vigilante squads to start gunning
journalists down on
site just a couple of days ago so he did
say that not just to one journalist but
to two journalists and we talked about
that when that story broke and of course
he is now being questioned about those
statements and whether or not there
could be a connection to what happened
in this shooting and I want to be clear
we don't know who the shooter is and
it's difficult to mention what a motive
is until we know exactly what happened
and what his motives but with that said
I I agree with Janke in that every
single day we do hear something from the
President of the United States in regard
to how the media is the enemy the media
is not to be trusted it's fake news fake
news fake news
he keeps drawing this narrative that is
incredibly dangerous because if his
voters are convinced that media sources
that are critical of him are not to be
trusted and that they're the enemy of
the people I mean it's no no any other
people from a president is unacceptable
totally completely unacceptable
what does enemy of the people mean it
means do something about it they're your
enemy and they're here right now look I
know why he wants to smear the press and
prosecutors and rule of law because he's
a life long criminal he's been a
criminal his whole life oh and we've
shown you dozens of cases on The Young
Turks oh I need to build something we
just I apologize we just got word the
shooter has been identified as an adult
white male that's all we know so far
okay that still doesn't mean anything so
you don't know his purposes in etc right
but Trump is under investigation now so
what does he do he attacks the paint
prosecutors don't believe the
prosecutors don't believe the rule of
law don't believe the cops don't believe
the FBI oh the press gives you facts
don't believe the press they're the
enemy of the people so that's Trump and
that's Milo so was it them who egged on
this person or was it a personal thing
we don't yet know okay but if you're an
investigator trying to figure out why
somebody did this you think you don't
talk to my law of course you talk to my
law and by the way my law whether it was
one of your fans or
congratulations what wait right nowyou
what no but let's be absolutely clear
milo wanted journalists murdered and
today they were murdered so
congratulations milo you animal
you goddamn sick Nazi bastard okay so uh
I hope I'm clear so what are they gonna
do Oh what why we'd enemy of the people
okay
these are fascists they viciously attack
their opponents and I'm tired of the
left and the media and everyone else in
this country just laying down and now
there's five people laying down on the
ground because everybody's got comes and
they keep telling you attack the press
attack the press god damn it people keep
dying every day what are we gonna do
something about it and when we say that
we mean legally we mean politically
because we're not like the animals on
the right we actually believe in
democracy we believe in this country we
believe in the Constitution and we
believe that you do things through
democracy and politics not through
violence but the other side they don't
play by any rules because they don't
believe in our form of government they
are fascist and authoritarian by their
nature so what do they do
egg people on egg people on until
there's people on the ground I want to
read the response that Miley innopolis
gave to reporters when they questioned
him about his statements and and whether
there could potentially be any relation
to the shooting that just happened he
said if there turns out to be any
dimension to this crime related to my
private misreported remarks yeah yeah
yeah ironic why do you call them fake
news while you're at it the
responsibility no no it gets worse the
responsibility for that lies wholly with
the beast meaning the daily beast and
observer for drumming up fake hysteria
about my private joke and with the
verified liberals who pretended they
thought I was serious so oh so you did
say it you did say and now your excuses
Oh what I was talking about murdering
journalists I was joking
haha what a funny joke Milo and now P
five people are dead in this five
families
and their loved ones are not gonna come
home what a funny joke that was Milo it
isn't a goddamn game you don't
understand there I know you you're doing
it for profit
you're doing it for personal glory and
you have no morals none I get that but
what you don't understand is your
followers are lunatics they're deranged
lunatics
so when you say murder journalists you
claim as a joke which I don't believe
for a second by the way Milo also sent a
little payment to a reporter he didn't
like for $14.80 14 set represents white
supremacists
88 represents Heil Hitler so when I call
him a Nazi it is purposeful because that
is what he does he's using 1488 a
mistake no he does it on purpose they
did Heil Hitler once he was singing and
he didn't do anything about it Richard
Spencer so he loves it and he eggs
people on even if he pretends afterwards
so he does not deny the quote he just
says oh I was joking about a terrible
terrible thing but your listeners
oftentimes act on your things now in
this case we don't know yet we do know
what the result you wanted that is clear
you wanted to egg people on and you
wanted to incite people so
congratulations
two easy ways to follow young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
