in a 5-4 ruling the Supreme Court has
dealt a giant blow to government unions
this ruling goes against government
unions and how its funded Samuel Alito
wrote the majority opinion now this was
all about whether or not government
employees who do not wish to participate
or join the union can be forced to pay
partial union dues and the Supreme Court
in this ruling said it is
unconstitutional for the Union to force
them to pay these dues now keep in mind
that there are two different types of
fees or dues that the unions will charge
the employees right and in the previous
rulings the Supreme Court paid attention
to that distinction one of them is known
as the mandatory agency fees the other
is known as voluntary Union fees the
voluntary Union fees are typically used
for political activism
they're voluntary but the argument in
regard to employees having to pay the
mandatory agency fees were well we're
fighting for you we're fighting to
increase your worker protection and your
salary for instance and so since you are
reaping the benefits of this work you
should at least pay part of these
mandatory fees the Supreme Court has now
decided no that is not the case Supreme
Court ruled that government workers who
choose not to join a union cannot be
charged for the cost of collective
bargaining
so again Justice Samuel Alito wrote the
majority opinion here and this is what
he had to say under Illinois law public
employees are forced to subsidize a
union even if they choose not to join
and strongly object to the positions the
union takes in collective bargaining and
related activities we conclude that this
arrangement violates the free speech
rights of non-members by compelling them
to subsidize private speech on matters
of substantial public concern yeah
disasters so in a recent episode of old
school which is a podcast we do for
Young Turks members myself John Ida
Rolla and Ana had a conversation about
our views on unions and it is a mixed
bag and and I had issues with some of
the
rules that unions had back when it
affected me and so I'm perfectly aware
of the downsides of it by the way if you
want to check out that podcast TYT
dot-com slash join to become a member
get our shows so but this rule makes a
ton of sense and I'll tell you why
if you say to people okay we're gonna
fight for you guys and we're gonna
increase your wages and we're gonna do
all these different things and get your
benefits but you don't have to pay guess
what people are gonna do they're not
gonna pay right right not everybody a
lot of people will volunteer in but a
lot of people will not volunteer it and
that'll cut union funding tremendously
and so the next time they go to
negotiate they will have a lot less
power and so they won't be able to get
you higher wages they won't be able to
have more workplace protections etc etc
and that's not an accident that's what
this conservative Supreme Court wants
they're the most Pro corporate court in
United States history so once again
shocking they decided corporations are
right they should rule over all of us
and they should be unchallenged in their
power so the reason unions make sense in
especially in very large corporations is
because you have uneven power any one
worker has very very little power
against the giant corporation is 5000
workers they're not gonna miss you right
on the other hand if those 5,000 workers
get together hey you even the
battlefield a little bit and you might
actually get great results because of
that but now when with because of this
decision they're gonna whittle away the
union's powers they're already in
terrible shape because of all the other
rules that have been passed by the
Republican congresses and presidents and
the destruction of the unions overall
and the Supreme Court has been chipping
away at them and now this is a terrible
terrible blow for the average worker in
America I mean when you think about how
how much corporations have been able to
solidify their own power it's kind of
incredible you're right you have to look
at this ruling in the context of what's
happening to the
average American worker how much
protection and and how many rights
corporations have as opposed to American
people and and it's just it's it's scary
to see how successful the anti-union
propaganda has been throughout the years
because remember unions have done a lot
for American workers now this is by the
way specifically about government unions
and again it goes against four decades
worth of precedent on this issue because
previously the courts did make a
distinction between the two different
types of funding for these unions and so
the argument was well if the voluntary
fees are being utilized for political
activism then it should be okay to you
know collect the mandatory fees if
that's what's being used for collective
bargaining and helping with workers
rights I'm wondering the real quick jank
it how is this gonna impact police
unions mmm because that could be a
potential unexpected consequence of this
ruling right so this affects public
sector unions and there's third of
public sector workers are still under
unions and the private sector is all the
way down to 7% so there are a lot of
factors as to why wages have stagnated
since 1978 including really important
Supreme Court decisions that gave
corporations more power but one of them
is that they took away the power of the
unions and so your wages stagnated as
that you as your productivity continued
to soar so those decisions have been
devastating the average worker and but
they affect the public sector more these
days because the unions are already so
devastated in the private sector but
there's not much left to devastate but
for the public sector
you also have cops in the public sector
and their unions are among the few left
in the country that are very very strong
they're so strong that a cop can shoot
someone in the back and the union can go
whoa whoa whoa whoa what do you mean on
paid leave now you're gonna pay him
while he's out and you're investigating
and obviously you're at some point
you're gonna say he's not guilty so
I mean I'm giving you an extreme example
but there are a lot of those examples
the unions will back a cop for shooting
a twelve-year-old at a park within two
seconds of arriving to the scene so now
if the cop unions then have less money
because a bunch of the cops go WOW if I
can get the same thing without paying my
dues again it's just a matter of human
nature at a minimum thirty five percent
according to the studies will
immediately drop out and then it gets
worse and worse right and so yeah it's
about the only Union in the country that
I've got an issue with right at this
point because in the past when the
unions are super super strong there were
some abuses right and even the other
ruling by the Supreme Court that said
hey you can't use it for political
reasons now they use their political
clout also on behalf of the their
workers but I understand that I
understand that if you're let's say
you're a right winger and you don't want
the union's supporting Democrats with
your money
that's a First Amendment issue so that's
that's why that bifurcation made sense
in that original ruling so we're not
zealots we're not saying oh no users are
always right about everything and
they've gone too far in the past at
cetera in some cases but now they are
reeling and and so but even for the cops
look I don't like the police abuse
stories and I don't like when the union
protects people who are doing the abuse
but I but I do like that they protect
the cops pensions yes I like that they
protect the cops overall and actually
care about them and care about their
wages and and care to protect the people
that are in their union that's the whole
point so now they'll have a hard time
doing that along with every other union
in the country and you know just you
know to go to the other side of the coin
so there's the police unions but there's
also teachers unions and those are the
unions that are typically attacked
aggressively by conservatives so this
could have a very negative impact on
people who are already devastated by
Republican policies that have
underfunded their classrooms that have
put them in a disadvantage that have
also jeopardized their own pensions so
you know further weakening teachers
unions could mean a lot of a lot of
negativity for not just the teachers
which would be
enough but also for public education in
general as if the teachers weren't
suffering enough they had to go on
strike all across the country because
they hadn't gotten pay raises and
forever and then they were starting to
whittle away the pensions that they had
already promised them but we're not
going to deliver and then finally I'd
like to note the irony of people writing
articles sometimes with the same exact
organization on the same exact day
saying that Justice Kennedy joins the
Conservatives in overturning decades of
precedent in this decision then turning
around and writing an article about one
of the good things about Justice Kennedy
was how much he respected precedent ya
can't really have it both ways and when
it's on the same day it is pretty
glaring you're supposed to at least wait
a day before you join in on right-wing
hypocrisy two easy ways for Young Turks
one is hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
