the ramifications of Donald Trump's
trade policy which of course includes a
pretty high tariffs on our trade allies
and allies in general I have already
started to impact some jobs in the
United States harley-davidson just
announced that it will ship some of its
jobs overseas to Europe in order to save
money as a result of the European
tariffs in response to Trump's trade
policy now there was a piece in the New
York Times it was an opinion piece but
it actually did a good job in outlining
some of the other consequences that
aren't really being talked about enough
in the mainstream press now this op-ed
was written by Wendy Cutler she served
as an active acting US Trade
Representative from 2 June of 2013 to
October of 2015 and here's what she
found through her research so other
countries countries that we previously
did not impose these steep tariffs on
are doing something known as
diversification right and what she says
is that diversification is a polite way
of saying that America's friends and
allies believe we have become an
unreliable partner and so what they're
essentially doing is drawing up
alliances and essentially negotiating
trade policies with other countries in
order to compensate for the lack of
trade with the United States now Trump
is messaging to his base that there's
nothing to worry about all these other
countries love that we're negotiating
now we're all friends even though just a
couple weeks ago he got into a very
public spat with Justin Trudeau but know
these countries are now working with
other countries and and kind of ignoring
us so South Korea became so frustrated
as it negotiated a six-year old trade
agreement with the United States in the
spring that it became determined to turn
elsewhere South Korea's trade minister
started a trade diversification strategy
soon after the agreement was announced
so also when the u.s. pulled out of
trade the trade deal with Canada they
cut a deal with New Zealand now this
isn't a bad thing I mean for the other
countries like they're like alright well
the United States thinks it has Wayne
more leverage than it really has we're
just gonna go take our business some
someplace else no you guys if you're not
knee-deep in fiscal policy you might not
know why this is actually worse than it
sounds so look I'm an internationalist
and then the right-wing would hate that
do not really care but ourselves who
cares but there is the world know I care
about the rest of the world and so if
Canada and New Zealand are our training
and they're it's good for both those
countries wonderful I like both those
countries they're great okay but but for
us in America it does matter if people
begin to realize we are not
indispensable anymore because it's such
a large market that everybody thought we
got a new business with America they buy
so much that it's really important that
we basically give them what they want
that gave us leverage and negotiation
now we didn't get everything of course
not and China is a real issue to deal
with and and they are savvy trading
partners Trump is right when he says I
mean he says it in a goofy way of course
but he's right about the overall concept
that China has been a very tough
negotiating partner and it's okay to do
some tough negotiations when you are
doing the trade agreements so the South
Korean example is is not a great one
because that's we're renegotiating that
trade deal
you don't want to do it in the middle in
the middle it's when you go all of a
sudden blaah tariffs but we're not a
good negotiating a trade deal right now
why are you over sudden throwing tariffs
on me and now gonna throw them back at
you and now we're in the middle of a
trade war and it gets so bad that Europe
Canada Mexico starts to go into business
with other people maybe I don't need
American as much as I thought then we
lose leverage but I haven't gotten to
the worst part yet by the way now Mexico
and China which had a lot of hostilities
I mean here in America were so obsessed
with ourselves that no one knows that
right but now China and Mexico are like
yeah screw it let's make a deal that's
exactly right and you are right in
saying that they you know have
historically had hostile relations but
according to this op-ed mexico's trade
minister has visited china to look at
how they
can exert strategic leverage to look at
alternatives to the United States so by
far the biggest beneficiary of our trade
wars is ironically China so if you said
to me hey let's do better negotiation
with China I'd agree if you said let's
do it stupidly I would not agree that's
what we've done and ironically now more
people are driven into China's arms a
smaller beneficiary but a beneficiary is
Russia so yeah Russia turns around then
goes to Europe and goes now look we've
been fighting a lot now over Ukraine and
other things and NATO but I mean isn't
Trump being too tough on you
yes that's what's happening though guys
that's what's happening so look there's
so much news constantly bombarding us
it's so hard to focus on everything
simultaneously so things fall through
the cracks and this is one of the
stories that certainly fell through the
cracks and I wish I would have caught it
so what did Russia do I mentioned South
Korea earlier in this story right well
South Korea is now working with Russia
in their trade policy so on June 22nd
South Korea announced plans to pursue
negotiations for its first free trade
agreement with Russia Russia loves this
loves this so look again without getting
knee-deep and although Russia debate
just understand that Russia Vladimir
Putin wants what any leader of any
country would want and that is global
control you know more what's the word
that I'm looking to influence more
influence that's the best word to you
yeah more influence over all these
different issues and Trump is
essentially giving him exactly what he
wants
Trump keeps rewarding our adversaries
while simultaneously punishing our
long-standing allies and he's doing it
he's certainly doing it when it comes to
trade policy so it's there's two
possible reasons why one he's the
Siberian candidate and he did Putin told
him to do it and he's doing it okay now
I know a lot of you will say no way okay
again let's skip that debate the other
possibility so let's grant you that
that's not the case okay
other possibilities he's so stupid he
has no idea what he's doing
tough on China I'm gonna be tough on our
adversaries oh you went and did deals
with them instead of us
oops yeah but I look I I genuinely think
it is the latter I think that is exactly
what's happening because the thing that
Trump is obsessed with more than
anything is appearing tough right he
wants to appear tough when it comes to
everything when in reality this is look
trade policy is obviously a complex
issue it's a nuanced issue I don't
believe that tariffs are bad in all
scenarios but in these scenarios when
you lack nuance and it you don't have
any sophisticated method you're it's a
disaster it's a complete and utter
disaster he hasn't sat down to think
about what the consequences are gonna be
he's essentially playing this game of
chicken and and look when you play a
game of chicken you have to be confident
that you have all the leverage on your
side and he doesn't have it so basically
our training allies are swerving at the
last minute we're running into a brick
wall and they're running into China and
Russia's arms so that we did not win
that gave me chicken but I actually have
not gotten to the worst part nice okay
so let me get to the worst part which is
not in these articles if we lose
leverage overall and it appears that we
are not as indispensable as our
countries assumed in the past they might
also get off the dollar if they stop
using the dollar is the most common
trading currency in the world then we're
in a world of trouble then the Fed
constantly doing quantitative easing is
just stuffing trillions of dollars into
a box nobody sees and keep printing
money that winds up cashing out with us
because then the doubt they say hey I
don't need to trade in dollars that I'm
gonna trade in Euros or some other
currency and then all of a sudden your
inflation starts to go up and your
economy is hurt and look I can go for an
hour on the different problems that that
the US will face if the dollar is not
the main currency in the world but you
think Trump knows any of that he doesn't
know any of it
so this mr. Magoo is bumbling into an
app
salut√© nightmare and he has no ideas a
go big tough of being tough meanwhile
people are fleeing for the exits can we
just have a quick mention for the deep
state that that people keep bringing up
like if a deep state existed don't you
think they would have gotten rid of
Trump by now I mean when you really
think about it he's really messing with
people's financial well-being wealth
whatever it is I mean there is no deep
state if there was Trump would be gone
by now
yes this is a huge conversation let's
save it for a postgame TYT calm /join
okay hey we'll talk about it for the
members two easy ways for Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
