Alexandria Ocasio Cortez won in the
primary race against Joe Crowley Crowley
who of course was the person who was
expected to replace Nancy Pelosi in
Congress and this is very good news
because Acacio Cortes is a true
progressive she's an individual who not
only voted voted campaigned for Bernie
Sanders Moran as a justice Democrat
believes in all of the progressive ideas
including Medicare for all and so she
was not expected to win by the
establishment but she did win and now
the establishment is a little salty
about it to say the least now the first
person to have a high sodium intake last
night
former Speaker Nancy Pelosi and she was
asked about this on several occasions
and I want you to pay close attention to
her reactions it's two different videos
let's go to the first one Joe Crowley is
a very valued member of Congress a great
gentleman as you saw and the dignity of
his concession last night Gillette
Andrea he is again a valued member we'll
miss him the it's interesting to me as
one who's been involved in the political
arena for a long time everyone has all
their analysis within hours of the
election taking place people are saying
oh it's because of this is because of
that it's because of a number of things
but within 24 hours we don't have that
analysis all right so look so far in not
the worst okay so she likes Joe Crowley
they work together
he's also trying to take her position as
Speaker of the House at some point but
you know on camera they say play things
and that's all good that's good
and I don't look there were colleagues
and I get it she likes him
and she's just wanted if she lost a
colleague but that's not her primary
concern her primary concern as with most
politicians is right here okay your own
ass and so that's what we're gonna see
in the next clip
in my opinion you watch it and then
we'll analyze that they did they made a
choice in one district so let's not get
yourself carried away as an expert on
demographics and the rest of that within
the caucus or outside the caucus we are
again we have an array of genders
generations geography and the rest
opinion in our caucus and we're very
proud of that the fact that in a very
progressive district in New York it went
more progressive than well Joe Crowley
is a progressive but more to the less
than Joe Crowley is about that district
it is not to be viewed as something
that's suburban that so incredibly
clueless it's amazing it is amazing how
clueless she is you were weak Nancy
Pelosi you are weak you guys could have
fought aggressively to maintain
protections for daca recipients and you
guys gave it away you gave away your
leverage because you're weak you are
okay they're losers and they don't know
they're losers it's kind of like when I
was a dork in sixth grade I didn't
realize I was a dork right I'm here here
me too but we grew up the Democratic
Party has not grown up and so and
there's a good reason for that because
when they see Crowley losing they see
themselves and that scares the bejesus
out of them plus they're in an old
mindset the mindset is when when asked
about how progressive across your Cortes
is that is why Pelosi is being so
defensive
she's good it doesn't represent the
whole party we're not that progressive
but she just wanted a stunning upset
that might actually give you a lesson
that it's a good thing to be more
progressive that that's what's appealing
to voters otherwise how would she have
won in that stunning upset she was
outspent ten to one so obviously her
message resonated but Nancy Pelosi
doesn't hear that what she hears is oh
my god Republicans are gonna say that
we're more progressive no no and by the
way they did the RNC sent notes all day
long haha
Democrats are so progressive they
actually want to give your kids an
education and healthcare
yeah thank you yes keep sending that out
okay but there's another example of that
and that Schmidt Steve Schmidt right
before we had the Steve Schmidt so then
a Pelosi in a panic is like no no no no
those are the Republicans we're actually
not that progressive oh and and last
night as we're covering it live and we
cover all of the primary nights all the
election nights live tea y-t-dot-com
slash live John and I were having fun
and I predicted ahead of time what the
press would say if Alexandria won and I
said they would say it's a peculiar
district okay and then number two is the
demographics a bunch of Latinos and they
voted for the Latino it's nothing to
look at ding-ding-ding-ding and you
could use salt live with your own eyes
if you're watching our coverage I said
it ahead of time before she won and then
afterwards John started reading
headlines demographics peculiar district
Crowley ran a bad campaign I said they
always use the excuse of there's no
trend here
there's no progressive wave which is bad
bad bad campaign just a bad campaign
they actually did that with even with
Hillary now she did run a terrible
campaign but they're like no the country
going more populous we don't want that
where the establishment populism is
against us so ignore the populism I mean
she should have campaigned a little bit
more here in the Russians and the
Twitter and then there and so just look
away from the actual trends the trends
are real and now they're in your house
cuz Nancy I Got News for you you know
who your new colleague is Alexandria
Acacio Cortes she's in your caucus she's
in your caucus so whether you like it or
not
progressives aren't coming we're already
here two easy ways to follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
