self-avowed white nationalist Richard
Spencer is facing serious allegations in
a divorce filing by his wife he has been
married to her since 2010 and they have
two small children together her name is
Nina kupriyanov a-- and in the filing
she alleges both mental and physical
abuse and she also provides evidence in
the form of text messages to corroborate
her claims against Spencer so there are
a number of things and I'm gonna go
through most of it but you should read
the investigative piece that was written
by BuzzFeed it's in BuzzFeed news and
again this is all based in the divorce
filings which also includes documents
text messages that corroborate her
claims
so she alleges that Richard Spencer
physically abused her including
instances where she was being hit being
grabbed being dragged around by her hair
being held down in a manner causing
bruising and being prevented prevented
from calling for help
she has been reluctant to call police or
seek an order of protection for fear of
further reprisal by Spencer much of the
abuse has occurred in the presence of
the parties children Spencer also kept a
loaded weapon in his bedroom that was
accessible by children after he was
assaulted in public on the day of
President Trump president Trump's
inauguration so she specifically
mentions that in the divorce filing
because she felt that his public
behavior drew negative attention and
threats toward herself and her family
and the fact that he kept kept a gun
made her feel even less safe especially
since the kids had easy access to it so
he said in his counter response that oh
she's just driving the kids into this as
he sometimes apparently literally
dragged her across the floor and down a
flight of stairs by her hair but anyway
he says she's dragging and bringing the
kids into this when they were in the
other room oh what a defense oh the kids
were in the other room as you were
assaulting their mom okay I didn't know
you had that good of Defense so we're
going to show you some of the documents
she provided that prove that some of
these incidents did in fact happen there
exchanges between herself and Spencer
now documents also claim Spencer was
verbally abusive to their children's
babysitter including in front of their
children where he allegedly called the
babysitter effing sub mediocre human
being and also effing moron so he's a
white supremacist there's so the idea
that he might call someone a sub
mediocre human that's the ring a little
true to you well that's what he does for
a living is call people that so I mean I
can't imagine that he's shocked this
chagrined that somebody would say that
he would say something like that he says
it publicly all the time about other
races
so is he monstrous enough to say the
people he knows so this next part
reminded me a lot of Gavin McGinnis
because Gavin McInnes when he when he
speaks about women he claims women love
violence women love to be beaten and
treated this way they love to you know
get that type of treatment from their
partners and so according to these
allegations in the divorce filing
Spencer's favorite statement to his wife
was the only language women understand
his violence he also allegedly told her
I'm famous and you're not I'm important
and you're not you're famous for being
one of the worst people in the country
but that's the state of our society and
culture now it doesn't matter he's like
yeah but at least I'm famous you know I
mean I'm famous for hatred and fear and
loathing
but I'm famous and so that makes me
better than you
that's his wave he says that to his wife
so let's get let's get to some of the
very physical stuff so she talks about
how early on in their relationship she
was at home she was very sick and he
became physically abusive toward her she
says in the filing I was very sick with
the stomach flu could not keep food or
water down and wanted to stay in bed
recovering Spencer wanted to watch a
movie downstairs and did not take no for
an answer he dragged me out of bed by my
arms legs and hair dragged me down the
stairs and threw me onto the couch the
incident resulted in bruises there are
photos she provided photos of the
as well BuzzFeed did not publish those
photos and to prove or to corroborate
that that this incident did in fact
happen she provided in exchange between
herself and Richard Spencer and you know
it starts off with her saying yeah apart
from seeing the bruises on my wrists and
knees from yesterday's adventure down
your staircase that you sent me on the
trip went without major incident and you
know they go back and forth about it
also in 2012 Spencer had me down on the
ground smashing my head into the floor I
remember feeling ashamed that the
neighbors might hear what's going on and
it just goes on and on I mean this isn't
everything of the full BuzzFeed report
includes more incidents from the divorce
filing but look anytime celebrities or
public figures or politicians anyone in
the public world is going through a
divorce obviously you want to read those
documents in a very skeptical way
because divorces get ugly but Richard
Spencer doesn't hide who he is and she
does provide evidence corroborating you
know these incidents so look yeah I mean
I see it all the time my wife is in a
profession where she deals with divorced
people all the time and boy gets brutal
and so and and and not everything is
true and taking it with a big grain of
salt etc and and remember she married
Richard Spencer and she said at one
point ethnic cleansing is a very heavy
loaded term there's some recent examples
of fairly peaceful separations okay so
now having said that who's telling the
truth and by the way I should also know
one more caveat I actually don't agree
with the judge and the judge said that
the public has an interest in knowing
this and it outweighs your privacy I'm
not really sure why I mean I know
disagree you know why I disagree because
the media talks to people like him all
the time as if they're legitimate
individuals with legitimate opinions
that should be spread in in news reports
we need to know who these people are
right I mean people like Richard Spencer
yes there's been
in ample reporting talking about his
white nationalism and all that but he
has influence he has some level of an
impact in the country and I think that
we should know who he is no I understand
that I don't know why we're necessarily
getting to people's private divorce
proceedings though so I just feel his
public statement says that our opening
but i'ma look there's a case to be made
on both sides in the Alex Jones divorce
proceedings which I was also
uncomfortable covering we did find out
that Alex Jo's said oh no it's all an
act I don't really mean any of it I'm
just an actor and so don't take my kids
away because of course I'm not that
crazy guy you see on air I'm just trying
to make money right and so well that
okay that's relevant on the other hand
guys they're trying to I can't I don't
see this is a problem with liberals like
me right goddamn Richard Spencer right
so white supremacist I can't stand the
guy
I'm still trying to be fair to him and
then lunatic Alex Jones but it's about
their kids and they want to keep their
kids so speaking of being progressive
and liberal and this particular incident
you know Facebook has removed his
website his ability to speak in a public
forum I'm not so sure how I feel about
that and you know the ACLU years ago
defended the the Nazi Party right to
demonstrate in Skokie right yeah and it
becomes that becomes an issue as well I
mean what up to the point of inciting
violence which he might be guilty of
that's another story but until that
happens freedom of speech has to be
protected from all sides
but I wanted to jump on to what you had
said earlier about the her statement
ethnic cleansing is very loaded term but
right before that she says my
understanding these comments are about a
theoretic future a dream for people of
European descent per se not concrete
policy suggestions for contemporary
United States and it's the pattern of
apologizing for statements and for
positions that are violent and
incendiary and many of us would feel
we're wrong and the president does it
all the time
and his people that say oh he was only
kidding
very relevant to today's bombing
attempts you know where it does have an
effect on people this guy has an effect
on people
that's dangerous mm-hmm and it's
interesting that his wife found a way in
all of this to still kind of apologize
for I know it's amazing
yeah and and so GoDaddy when they took
down his site said he had crossed the
line and encouraged and promoted
violence in a direct and threatening
manner so they didn't do it lightly and
they hadn't done it earlier to your
point about when he was speaking out
saying you know we should separate the
races and etc and even generalize - you
haven't McGuiness the founder of the
proud Boys non-stop calls for violence
and he giddily expresses it in terms of
hey it's general I didn't directed
anyone any specific person so it's not
illegal but make sure you go out there
and do violence I you know so there are
monsters like that out there and and and
so in order for these companies to take
action they need it to be direct violent
threats right and he apparently crossed
that line as well so now finally as to
who's telling the truth should not only
did she have pictures of some of the
bruises and she saved some of the text
he she had sent him an apologize yeah
but he's yeah he's he said I'm sorry
that's terrible she said in one of them
to be perfectly honest I'm not ready to
converse with you after what you've done
my jaws bruised he writes back I
understand I'm sorry and I feel terrible
so it's clear he did it and it's almost
amusing and ridiculous that we're having
a conversation about her
whether neo-nazi like white supremacists
who actively encourages violence would
be violent toward his wife of course he
would right
so I remember I'm sorry to interrupt you
but I remember it was at some point last
year there were a group of women who had
decided that they wanted to support this
cause and out of nowhere they decided to
start speaking out against the way they
were being treated by some of the men in
this group that the men were being very
disrespectful to them and all right
coming in the alt-right community
specifically yeah what did you think was
gonna happen did you think that they
were gonna treat you as if you mean
something to them
of course they're gonna treat you like
second-class citizens but hey I mean do
you think that your skin color is more
important than anything else
so go ahead inside with the people who
openly you know brag about abusing women
let's be clear though the abuse of women
is pervasive on all sides of no it is it
absolutely is but I'm saying look of
course it is but with the all right I
mean they're they don't hide the fact
that they see women as second-class
citizens yeah in all of it let's just
hope that she gets what she needs and
stay safe and gets ya out of there so
that's what I wanted to mention too
which is that look it's tough to
sympathize with somebody who says I
married Goebbels but I didn't know that
he was gonna be violent towards me right
but at the same time we have to be and
it is super important to treat everybody
the same and if she's a you know whether
it's divorce proceedings or if she had
brought a criminal case she's still a
victim of violent assault and so it is
our job to protect her as a society no
matter what she thinks of the white
earth no state etc right and and no
matter who she married so he attacked
her when she was four months pregnant
when she was nine months frightening he
dragged her down a flight of stairs by
her hair what kind of a monster does
that the same kind of monster that
thinks that why people should are
superior and should rule over other
minorities and oppress them one final
thing that I do want to mention the
reason why I also think it's important
for this to be public is because
oftentimes when they use violent
rhetoric and get criticized for it
they'll turn around be like oh I would
never do anything violent I can't
believe anyone would accuse me of that
and then behind the scenes this is what
goes on they practice what they preach
okay they're not speaking in codes when
they tell you who they are believe them
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT calm
slash app
