this week harley-davidson announced that
it would be shipping some of its jobs to
Europe in order to avoid some of the
high tariffs that Europe will impose on
the United States in response to Trump's
tariffs on Europe now the workers at
harley-davidson overwhelmingly it
appears supported Trump voted for Trump
and so reporters wanted to see how they
felt about his trade policy and how they
felt about the potential of losing their
jobs would they support Trump if they
lose their jobs well Harley workers are
gathered outside of the factory gate I'm
sorry outside the factory gate could end
up as collateral damage but most are
sticking by their man regardless wearing
earphones draped around their necks and
safety blinders on their glasses most
happily volunteer that they voted for
Trump and would do so again tariffs or
no tariffs this is incredible because
one of the things that appealed to
voters when it came to Trump and what he
campaigned on was hey he says that he's
gonna save our manufacturing jobs he's
looking out for blue-collar workers but
even if there's evidence indicating that
they are likely to lose their jobs
because of Trump they're still likely to
support him in his reelection campaign
so this is not theoretical in their case
this is not hey guys if the tax cuts
don't work out or the tariffs don't work
out you might lose your job 18 months
from now no no no the Harley Davidson
jobs are being shipped to Thailand right
now and and it is certainly partly
because of the tariffs to say the least
Harley Davidson executives say
completely i it's actually a mixed bag
they had an Trump is right about one
thing they had announced some of those
transitions before the tariffs but the
tariffs did affect their calculations as
well and now they are transferring even
more jobs abroad just to give you an
idea of course the United States is its
top market for the motorcycles however
they sell a lot of motorcycles in Europe
it's their second largest market and so
yes I do believe that the tariffs played
a role but I agree with you
I don't think that that's the complete
reason why and so they say look we're
gonna produce a lot of motorcycles in
Thailand or India to sell into Europe
not into America but into Europe because
if we're sell it in from America we're
gonna get the tariffs that they're gonna
hit us with to retaliate for the tariffs
we impose on them so why would I pay an
extra 30 percent if I'm Harley Davidson
why don't I just make the bus the bike
down and bicycle oh not exactly the
right harley-davidson anyway down in in
Southeast Asia and and and save myself
30 percent right which makes a lot of
sense that's why those guys are gonna be
out of a job and I'm sure that the
reporter did it on purpose but that
visual of them having blinders on is
exactly right and and in America
politics unfortunately for a lot of
people has become so enmeshed with our
identity that you could do almost
anything to them and they still say nope
I'm going with whoever's on my team and
my identity and the one that I got you
know I could argue brainwashed into or
you could argue really relate with and
eat so hey somebody told me the Bible's
pro-life that's actually not true but
that somebody told me that and that
became such a big part of my identity
yeah I'll go bankrupt and my family
won't have any food to eat but I'm still
gonna vote for the Republic okay so I
gotta give you more quotes because it
wasn't just one person the response was
overwhelmingly supportive of Trump
regardless of how much this policy is
going to negatively affect their lives
another worker said he wouldn't do it
unless it needed to be done he's a very
smart businessman one thing that I want
well at least one thing I took away is
that when it comes to Trump's base the
core the 28 percent of Americans who
still support him today don't try to
convince them otherwise like it's done
they're gonna vote for him again it's
just it's over but I do think it's
important to focus on the issues that
really matter to the rest of Americans
the real economic policies that would be
successful and how Trump has done the
exact opposite of what he said he would
do when it comes to the economy so let
me give you more Wow but you know just
that quote real quick Anna it's
almost literally saying what am I gonna
believe you are my lying eyes right my
job is being shipped abroad and he's
like but he's such a but it's they have
cognitive dissonance it just doesn't
make any sense so they're like he must
mean the best for me as I lose my job
because he's such a smart businessman
I've been told he's a smart businessman
even though he went bankrupt six times
it's unbelievable but somehow he got the
Republican dholtze to go oh yeah yeah
well that's the smart business move to
go bankrupt well congratulations you now
are part of that smart business mode and
they also think well I'll just get
another job which you know maybe they
will be able to get another job so I do
I certainly hope so yes but but look
there is just all this misleading stuff
in the media about the unemployment rate
yes the unemployment rate is low but
once you look at the the quality of
those jobs their retail jobs their their
part-time jobs they pay very low wages
remain stagnant it's not as easy as
people think it is so if you have a nice
secure job right now that's being
shipped away because of incredibly
unintelligent trade policy just really
reconsider your political positions
anyway let me give you more I think he's
playing poker I'll hit you with this
you'll hit us with that I think this
will bring them to the table unless he's
completely crazy
maybe there's a little bit of hope for
this person yeah that's a possibility
eight months into working at Walmart at
$7.25 and he might come to the
conclusion yeah yeah no he was just
crazy I'm not getting a better job there
was no secret plan I'll give you more
asked whether they blame the president
or the EU for causing Hartley's offshore
decision most say emphatically that they
blame only the Europeans one said quote
the president was just trying to save
the u.s. aluminum and steel industry no
look I understand that but while he's
attempting to do that he's also
destroying other manufacturers in the
country that relying heavily on the
steel and aluminum
that he's now taxing heavily look it's a
complicated matrix and you have to
figure out how to do these trade deals
without giving away all the power to
corporations and and robbing the
American workers but I just said
complicated matrix so Trump is out okay
at some point after he screws this up
royally like he's done with everything
else in his life
he's gonna come out and like he said
with health care in North Korea he's
gonna say well nobody knew trade was
this complicated except that we all knew
except you and apparently your voters
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
