satellite images indicate that North
Korea has continued upgrading its
nuclear research now this is evidence
that's been provided by an organization
known as 38 North and it is an
organization that's very much in favor
of diplomatic talks with North Korea in
order to convince them to denuclearize
but they have been using satellite
imaging to see whether or not they are
planning to uphold their side of the
deal with Trump and begin denuclearizing
recent evidence proves that that is not
likely the case so let me give you the
details the satellite images from last
week
June 21st to be exact show that North
Korea is making numerous improvements to
the infrastructure at a nuclear research
facility this research facility is
referred to as the young beyond research
facility so if you want to do a little
more research in that to see what's
going on you can the improvements do
include a new cooling water pump house
multiple new buildings completed
construction on a cooling water
reservoir and an apparently active radio
chemical laboratory it is unclear
whether the reactor is still in
operation now again they're relying on
these satellite images and because of
issues with resolution they they don't
have as much detail as they would like
but the North Korean nuclear officials
are expected to proceed with business as
usual until Kim jong-un orders official
changes to the procedure it appears that
he has not ordered official changes to
the procedure in fact if you pay close
attention or did pay close attention to
a state-run media in North Korea it was
very clear that the way they were
discussing the agreement was very
different from how it was being
portrayed by the Trump administration
they thought hey the u.s. is gonna
concede and do all these great things
for us and then we will respond by the
denuclearizing Trump administration is
not making it seem like that's the case
anyway long story short that negotiation
was vague that statement that they both
signed was vague and it did not specify
a timeline or verification but it did
give Trump a nice
photo-op and at least he's approaching
it from a diplomatic angle that's the
only thing that we can really say about
it as usual I feel like the TYT Network
it's not just the Young Turks this again
people like secular talk and humanists
report and and and so many others in the
network are the only ones that are
coming in you're covering it with
rationality so on the one hand there's
the people who oppose Trump on
everything because he's Trump
msmc and so oh my god don't do talks
with the North Koreans that only
encourages them but you guys are the
ones saying that when Obama did talks
with Iran it was great and because you
know why it is great so it's always been
preposterous to say don't talk to your
enemies it gives them credibility you
need to talk to your friends all day
long but it's not gonna help you to get
to peace because you're already at peace
with your allies of course with the
obvious exception of when Trump is
president and all you do is attack your
allies but in some topsy-turvy world
Trump thinks well I want to talk to all
the dictators but I want to attack all
of our allies it's eseni anyway Putin's
like now that part not everybody in the
network agrees dude anyways so but I
like and we all like that he's talking
to North Korea and and trying for peace
that's not a bad thing don't let the
establishment tell you anything
otherwise on the other hand we would
like something to come out of the talks
now they say oh my god you validated him
Kim jong-un as a picture of you him
himself and the president up in his
office actually Trump has won his office
McCrone with photos of Kim Jong moon I'm
not kidding in the White House yeah and
okay but yeah as long as you got a peace
deal I'm super happy with it you have
all the pictures you want with dictators
no problem at all right but we got
nothing
we got nothing and for the right-wing to
be like oh you see that's how you
negotiate you getting your diplomat like
that we should get a pen Nobel Peace
Prize up in there okay but what did you
get if you actually denuclearize them
straight I'd give you all the credit in
the world and I've done that in the past
when when Bush said deal with the North
Koreans I know it wasn't a great deal
but at least we got something in return
and it delayed them being more monstrous
and and it had delayed him a little bit
I was like it's not perfect but I'll
take it
and it was one of the better things I
pushed it Obama I think made a lot of
mistakes in foreign policy as well as
domestic but he his deal with Iran was
fantastic
we actually did take away their nuclear
program and what we did was give them
that their own money back
now of course Trump screwed that up in
this case we told you he got nothing and
so they're still humming along on their
nuclear program so we haven't solved the
damn thing and all the Trump is done is
put the country back to sleep it's okay
yes I I got a deal it's okay don't
bother looking at North Korea oh they're
still making news well it would be
embarrassing for me to point out that I
got nothing so I'm not even going to let
you know or do anything about the fact
that they're still developing nukes two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
