Steve Schmidt goes on MSNBC Stephanie
rules show and makes the argument that
you know this Acacio cortes win is
another example of how both parties are
going to extremes and it's actually a
very bad thing so I don't want to put
too many words in his mouth I want you
to hear for yourself let's take a look
Once Upon a Time in American politics it
was a business of persuasion you would
try to persuade people that your ideas
were slightly better than the other side
it has become a game of incitement and
what Trump is doing is radicalizing
American politics and he is a
beneficiary the more radical politics
becomes when it becomes a game of
incitement between a far-left who says
everybody's gonna have a government job
everybody's gonna have day care
everybody's gonna have retirement free
school free high school free college
education as we Kareem towards 30
trillion dollars in debt when we have
dishonest progressivism right and we
have dishonest trumpism an alienated
middle that surrenders they break their
will to fight back they become
disenfranchised and hopeless about the
idea that free-market capitalism or
liberal democracy can prevail in a
radical era that is the danger that was
one of the best political ads for Acacio
Cortes because if you youth you think
that the people in the middle undecided
voters or independents or even money
like moderate voters I'm saying you
think that they don't want day care so
they can go back to work and earn a
living for their families you think that
they don't want retirement for everyone
you think that that's an unpopular
political position are you stupid you
think that people don't want affordable
education he said free school and I
believe if I heard correctly free high
school you think that most people don't
want that option like what is wrong with
this guy no he just shows you how
incredibly out of touch these guys are
and then MSNBC which is supposed to be
left-wing media has this guy on spewing
this nonsense about how oh I mean
Americans don't want health care
who wants health care a retirement
that's that's meant for the elites get
out of here okay so this happens
Calculon ski from secular talk is all
over it and he jumps on Steve Schmidt on
Twitter and then she's trying to fight
him obviously okay like III didn't know
you came with a whooping stick and so
okay so the Kyle does that and then I
couldn't resist I jump in and then
Schmidt starts he's responding to both
of us and and he says well I mean I mean
III didn't come I actually complimented
her and and saying that she did a good
job I didn't mean it as an insult
wait a minute you compared her to Trump
and you said it was dishonest
progressivism yeah I fail to see how
that's a compliment you say the other
parts were somewhat complimentary but no
that is as bad a thing as you could say
about any human being Schmidt thanks
Trump is so bad he left a Republican
Party so don't pretend that comparison
what a Trump is in any way acceptable or
considered a compliment no it is
considered a deep deep insult and you
know that please don't be dishonest so
now that's exactly the problem Anna
MSNBC is the home of the establishment
so whether it's Steve Schmidt or it's
Nancy Pelosi in a panic you know saying
oh my god Cortes doesn't represent a
Democratic Party the establishment
doesn't like populism because that puts
you guys in charge and they're deathly
afraid of you and they don't believe in
you and so when when you talk about the
priorities and that's exactly what I
came back at him with because he said
well it's totally unrealistic it's
dishonest because you can't afford it so
wait a minute of course you can afford
it the question is what are your
priorities so the priorities the
Republican party just chose the one you
left about three minutes ago or was a
giant tax cut for the rich and that tax
cut now by the way polling at in the mid
30s because people realize oh I didn't
get it you're right you didn't get it
you know who got it
on average the top 1% got a 61 thousand
dollar tax break but they might trickle
down on you at any moment you never know
every year the top 1% gets an extra
$61,000 while Steve Schmidt tells you on
TV that we can't afford education for
your kids and then he came back maybe we
could afford education yeah that's right
you could afford it you could also
afford health care
you're gonna forward all those things if
a you didn't constantly do giant tax
cuts for the rich and Schmidt might have
been slightly against the Trump one he
was favorable for the trip Bush one
though and the Bush one was also
trillions of dollars and we could have
afforded it if we didn't go into Iraq
it's the Schmidt you were for the Iraq
war oops there goes another couple of
trillion dollars that cut down to your
kids I mean your family but the
establishment all agreed including Joe
Crowley who lost he voted for the Iraq
war they all agreed that we should throw
it down the toilet in Iraq and lose all
those people's lives but hey the oil
companies their prices spiked they made
a lot of money defense contractors made
a lot of money which they funneled to
consultants and lobbyists kind of like
Steve Schmidt so now he's talking about
extremism I would like to remind you
guys who Steve Schmidt picked when he
ran McCain's campaign oh he picked Sarah
Palin as the VP pick that's when Schmidt
hit the fan oh two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
