all right joining us now congresswoman
pixilated how are you doing that's okay
we are doing amazing thanks to you and
your victory so we were we were quite
excited to say the least as we saw the
great great results coming in Alexandria
first congratulations
it is literally a historic victory and
you its historic on several grounds one
of the most senior members of any party
to ever be defeated you are going to be
the youngest woman elected to Congress
and so obviously you have a general
election coming up but your chance of
winning there is sky-high to say the
least and so this has been an amazing
amazing victory not just for you but for
progressives nationwide who are riding
on your shoulders tonight and and and
and riding high and in the clouds so
what I wanted to ask you about is what
worked what do you think you did that
made the difference in this historic
victory I think it's a it's an excellent
question you know I think a lot of folks
are going to be kind of poring over that
and in some of the time to come one I
think we knew exactly what we were about
from day one and we didn't want to
compromise our values a lot of that you
know had to do with the progressive
community that had rallied around us and
you know I think it's in no small no
small part thanks to honestly
journalists and outlets like yourself to
be completely honest that are willing to
cover this story from the very beginning
and that were that weren't afraid to say
hey this is something that is legitimate
and so a lot of it at the end
day investing in grassroots organizing
door-to-door canvassing operation as
well as digital actual real digital
operations we did almost no TV many
people know that we were outspent about
ten to one in a you know recent reports
FEC reports so we were outspent by
double-digits but we knew that the money
shouldn't be going to things that
weren't reaching voters directly and so
everyday it was about how many doors
have we hit how many phone calls have we
made you know driving grassroots
donations taking bold stances that
Electrify and excite a new electorate is
I think all of that is really critically
important Alexander just a question did
have you heard tonight a from directly
from congressman Crowley and have you
also heard from anybody in the
Democratic leadership is anybody from
official Washington called and said hey
welcome to the club so we received our
campaign received a call from the
congressman you know congratulating us
on this victory we received a lot of
phone calls from members of the party to
be completely honest I have not picked
up almost any phone calls since after
the announcement I really just been
trying to take this time with our
supporters I really just been trying to
take this time with the countless
organizers and volunteers that gave up
their hours after long days at work to
knock on doors and I'm really excited to
be picking up those phone calls and
developing and opening that door and
sending that message tomorrow morning
but right now this is really all about
the people who made it happen and the
supporters from here in New York people
flew in people flew in from Iowa and
Ohio and Virginia
we had other Justice Democrats
candidates send their lead field
organizers
Pressley from massachusetts enter
organizer we had you know carryout in
delaware she sent out her folks her
whole team and so this is really this
moment and this night and you know
that's for me that's one of the reasons
why i think t whitey wants to i want
everyone to you know the first and only
interviews that we had tonight to be
with the young turks as well because you
guys have been here from the very
beginning and that's what this night is
all about so our hopes here are not only
obviously that you would go on to to be
a congresswoman but that hopefully when
you get there there will be a strong
group of committed smart passionate
progressives a caucus of progressives if
you have that especially if the
Democrats do retake the house what are
your priorities going to be once you're
actually a congresswoman well I think
that that's so I mean it's it's so
important it's a long stretch between
now and January so um you know if we
were in there today I think the first
and foremost thing that we really need
to do is is get a grip and get a real
handle on the human rights abuse is
happening at the border but I hope that
by January of next year we will you know
have been able to remedy that situation
what I can say as well is you know we
strategically I think that there are
issues depending on what happens in
November I'm convinced too I'm committed
to us taking back the house and I'm
hoping and I'm committing to us taking
back the Senate but at the end of the
day our priorities should be all
Americans priorities which is education
health care housing criminal justice
reform and the abolishment of ice okay
and by the way Alexandria was incredibly
bold and calling for the abolishment of
ice she was one of the first ones to do
it and people thought that hey that's
risky no turns out it was exactly the
right thing to do and it worked
brilliantly so at one more question
Alexandria about the mechanics because I
think it's really important for
progressives to learn all across the
country and I love what you said about
other progressive candidates
coming in to help your campaign that's
unity that's wonderful so in the
beginning you had no media other than
Young Turks but but by the end they had
started to come in a little bit and
obviously New York Times started talking
about the race a little bit so what were
the metrics that you think helped you to
win how many volunteers how many doors
you guys knocked on that maybe caught
the attention of the media but overall
even more important that led to the
actual victory honestly we're in a
billiard as far so they're calling out
making models out here basically you
know I I don't have the final numbers I
will be reviewing that with the field
and I'm happy to take you on those
specific numbers what I can say is that
um all of the all of our fundraising
went to supporting literal field efforts
we did not waste money on on TV ads we
didn't waste too much money on other
things on those big flashy things that
don't always have proven results so in
terms of door I mean we had first of all
we've been knocking on doors for a year
and a half we did not start knocking on
doors three months ago we did not start
knocking on doors six months ago
in fact we started knocking on doors a
year and a half ago we were knocking on
doors of Independence and unaffiliated
voters in order to get them to switch
parties ahead of the New York deadline
so I mean we must have not done I don't
even know tens of thousands of doors I
want to get these metrics to you so that
I can give you like a more specific
breakdown but ultimately what what it is
about is like it is about finding those
doors what I can say is that
we met our win number in IDs in
confirmed order IDs and those people
turned out to vote today and that was
just a huge huge victory and what I
would say to anybody that wants to run
for office is identify your win number
and you your win number is the amount of
votes that you need identify that number
and then work in the field make the
doors and make the calls until you have
met that number at the end of the day
that's what it's about and I know for a
fact that that's at least we have done
because the amount of votes that we had
that we received today we had confirmed
ahead of Election Day and that's what
needs to be done it's a really tall task
but that's what you gotta do so
Alexandria that's actually perfect
advice that's exactly what I was looking
for because I you know I know a little
bit about your campaign we've talked
about the about it before a lot but but
that to me is the most critical thing
there I think that's as good an advice
as you can give any candidate so last
two things real quick you're among the
first just Democrat candidates ever in
history how much of a help was that
organization - it was enormous ly
important I wouldn't be running if it
wasn't for the support of Justice
Democrats and brand-new Congress in fact
it was it was these organizations it was
JD and it was brand-new Congress as well
that both that asked me to run in the
first place they're the ones that called
me a year and a half ago after I left
Standing Rock and said hey would you be
willing to run for Congress so I
wouldn't be here
and I wouldn't have run if it wasn't
yeah that's amazing and then finally
when you first start a year and a half
ago and and there weren't many people
around maybe a couple of just Democrats
guys and etc and and I remember Emma
biglan going into your apartment
interview there although that was a
little later but yeah if did you ever
envision this moment and if you did
is it better than you envisioned or or
yeah what what what was what's your
perception of it now that you've lived
it honestly my whole like for this
entire year and a half I have just
thought about 8:59 p.m. on this day
ain't and I never thought about 9
o'clock all I thought about is what we
needed to do up 8:59 on Tuesday June 26
of 2018 but I had no conception of what
I would do after that moment I just mean
I just knew that I needed to work as
hard as I could at what needed to get
done up until the minute before polls
closed so I mean all of this is very
very surreal and I'm just thankful
because I know that this victory doesn't
belong to me it belongs to the hundreds
and thousands of people who worked and
mobilized to make it happen all right
well just a couple hours ago you were
Alexandria at Casa Cortez now you are
soon to be congresswoman and I would
dare say and I don't think it's an
exaggeration legendary Alexandria Acacio
Cortes having pulled off one of the
biggest yes in American electorate
history
so congratulations from the bottom of
our hearts amazing yeah thank you so
much thank you
I sincerely appreciate it
