it has been called and yes to legalize
medical marijuana has 156 point six
percent to forty three point four
percent okay how about we just make it
legal across the country good for James
okay I got news yeah thank you I got
news for the people opposing marijuana
you've already lost its your we're
hearts just waiting to explode when you
do the five point thing on the guy's
hard and expose twenty four hours later
we've already won we just won an
Oklahoma you knuckleheads we just win
achill just I know but it's over it's
over if they're legalizing medical
marijuana and Oklahoma good night Irene
yeah okay so it's marijuana is going to
be legal in this country period period
yeah I guess the question is how many
people will we lock up until it is
finally illegal who in the weird twisted
words John Kerry yeah no in the famous
words of John Kerry who's the last
person will lock up for marijuana
unjustly yeah who was who had their
freedom taken away for a lost cause that
never made sense in the first place so
for God's sake legalize it all across
the country and I can't help but say it
Obama God he left office with marijuana
still a Schedule one drug you know no no
leadership all those people who went to
prison so unjustly so many not just
minorities affected but poor Americans
that were crushed by the system when the
rich smoked marijuana all the time and
never ever get punished sport including
Barack Obama that and and he smoked it
when he was in college and he went to
great colleges and he knew he was never
gonna get into trouble for that and and
we've seen it over and over again but if
you're poor although you god help you
and and still will lock up
probably hundreds of thousands of more
people for have the equivalent of a beer
in this country when we already know
it's over we know it's gonna get
legalized now that people are making a
proper get like that we are right and
that we have won the battle of ideas and
we've won on the polling and we've won
in Oklahoma we've won everywhere but now
that they're making a profit off of it
in Colorado and California and it's
turned into a business then a no no no
you're gone you can keep sitting there
be Jeff Sessions buried in 1855 oh oh no
golly gee I think it's you know these
dangerous black folks and Latinos who
are smoking the devil's weed right okay
but you're never gonna win in the long
run you're just locking people up for no
goddamn reason at this point I will
challenge that Barack Obama there is you
know the disproportionality on races as
bad as the disproportionality on
privilege and and it is in terms of
locking people up so he said he would he
knew he wasn't gonna get he was gonna
get away with it when you're a black
American you don't know you know a fair
Michael that he that was your point is a
hundred percent no no but I'm just
waiting that one it's a fair thing but I
want to point out both sides of that as
a black man going to school and and I
really college like Columbia when he was
smoking marijuana according to his own
accounts yes he could have been locked
up because he was black even though he
was going over a school but if you know
it affects african-americans
disproportionately and you were the
first african-american president
you also had a heavier burden to make
sure that you ended that injustice even
if you didn't end it I know you love to
take baby steps could you have at least
not left office as a is this his sanity
as a Schedule one drug that it's the
most dangerous drug in America oh boy
about me they might have said that you
fought for justice
