so there's a local race that mattered a
lot it was a state Senate race in
district 40 and Maryland that was a race
that Wolfpack got involved in that is of
course the group to get money out of
politics they had supported Antonio
Hayes who was in the in the house side
in Maryland and had voted for their
resolution Barbara Robinson was the
current state senator there and she had
cost Wolfpack a victory in Maryland they
had added one in the assembly what I
refer to as the house they're in in
Maryland and they had 24 co-sponsors and
there's only 47 senators in mouths they
were gonna win but in the committee
hearing Barbara Robinson did not show up
she abstained because of establishment
Democratic fears of a convention the
Wolfpack believes that we can get an
amendment to get money out of politics
through convention not through Congress
and there's a some progressive groups or
groups pretending to be progressive who
think your commission is a bad idea
and they pretend that they are powerful
and they whisper in the these state
senators ears and they say oh no no the
Democratic Party's against that and we
got your back well a Wolfpack decided
they were gonna have a Antonio Hayes's
back
they put $50,000 into that race $50,000
in a state Senate race is no joke yeah
so what I what I explained when we
talked about that on air earlier on The
Young Turks was well in the local races
we have the financial advantage now a
lot of people cry about that they said
oh well that's not fair that's ironic
you guys are using money in politics to
which I say god damn right we are
so there's a great way to stop that
Barbara Robinson could have voted to get
money out of politics then it wouldn't
have been in our race well as things
stand now sixty three point five six to
thirty six point four four Antonia Hayes
is gonna be the new state senator
they're so sad day for the forces that
oppose Wolfpack in Connecticut
Wolfpac spent fifty thousand dollars in
a race and it was it no one else was in
that race it was a guy named kaveh he
the Republicans had always won that race
for about a hundred years in a row nay
the Republicans had a 30-point lead
there they won by four points and what I
said at that point was you better have a
twenty seven point lead if you're gonna
go up against Wolfpack at the local
level and Barbra Robison did not have a
twenty seven point lead
she's in fact I believe lost by right
around that March so the next time you
think about voting to keep money in
politics know that Wolfpack is watching
and they will come for you and that'll
be the last vote you have we did it in
vallencourt in New Hampshire he was
incoming since the 1990s I have it
hanging in my office where it says in
the local paper stunning loss for
incumbent well another stunning loss for
another incumbent go ahead vote to keep
money in politics we dare you and
Wolfpack will come for you and they came
for her today Antonio Hayes a great
great candidate and now will be a state
senator super proud to have supported
him and I look forward to Maryland doing
the right thing and voting to get money
out of politics
if not we'll see you next time
