so in the 14th with 4 percent reporting
still very early it's fifty one point
eight to forty eight point two whoa we
got a race on our hands we got a race I
mean it probably doesn't even matter
who's the lead right
Alexandria Oh cause it's only 4% oh four
percentage super it's super close oh my
god I just got electrified number four
it was that four percent it's jumped up
to 13 percent and she is still 51
waiting numbers must have been
disastrous tell your friends tell your
neighbors tell Randy Gonzalez we got a
race Alexandra Casa Cortez with a
three-point lead on choke rally out of a
gate if she wins at you'd have no idea
how ballistic I'm gonna go by the way if
she loses after having the lead in the
Blaine will be way I have more votes
because this she was up by thirty votes
for some reason before now we're at
thirty one percent reporting let me read
it oh my god she's now up by five
hundred votes fifty-seven to 42 holy cow
yes we still hold I know of course we're
holding it's thirty two percent but
that's a big lead that's not a small
lead that's fifteen points but it
doesn't sound right to me Jane that only
twelve thousand I don't not trying to
rain on this it's a huge lead it's great
I agree it seemed what they're saying
it's forty three hundred votes and
that's fifteen percent more than
thirteen thousand people I would guess
are gonna vote on that right no I I
talked to them so they thought as little
as ten thousand votes could win the race
so it has jumped up by twenty percent
first of all have multiple results but
let's start with the fourteenth I do
have bad news though for Joe Crowley
because with 51% of the vote she has
expanded her lead to 58.1% to 41.9%
she's up by 2200 votes
Oh God unbelievable unless there's
something really wrong here she now
stands an excellent chance of winning we
don't know for sure it's not called
still you know 200 okay look we took
down one of the Giants
we've just jumped from 51% reporting to
68% reporting in the fourteenth and
Alexandria Castillo Cortez has slightly
raised her lead to 56 good night she's
gonna win she's gonna win the eight
percent reporting she's got a lead of
2,300 votes out of 16,000 that's gonna
be difficult to make up okay Angie's
gonna win she was outspent ten to one he
puts 3.3 million dollars in the race
he's been had three hundred thousand
he's been 19 years am I wrong about that
but he's been congressman seven terms
however the numbers exactly well a long
time he's got plenty of time to make
those calculations now you know what's
happening oh I hear a little bit of an
earthquake
what now establishment Democrats what
now we have jumped up to 74 percent
reporting and by the way it is six
percent more over than it was and and I
there's two different calls the official
call from AP etcetera I called it on
Twitter by the way right okay and then
our call so jump and John likes to jump
the gun a little bit but we are calls on
The Young Turks the official calls have
been a hundred percent we've never
gotten that wrong so but give it was
seventy-four percent reporting what do
we have he has gained by 0.1 percent
okay he's done all right can I see it on
the board because I want to see what the
actual vote counts are because in the
beginning we were a little concerned
that they've gotten up there the the the
vote numbers were too low
and so we're just trying to be cautious
here just trying to make sure that there
isn't anything
it's gonna surprise us especially in New
York with their party politics and their
anything could have anything can happen
with the tricks and all this stuff right
so I'm trying to be as careful as we can
but if they can't pull it up can you the
14th district 14th district in you know
she has ten thousand six hundred and
sixty-five votes he has 8123 perfect
great those are real numbers so they you
Linda no more than twenty thousand
yeah there's no aberration there there's
that's the kind of numbers you would
expect was seventy-four percent
reporting the voter turnout that we
suspected so those are real numbers
that means he's done we're up to 85
percent she's the exact same Lea that
you so show it to me what's the numbers
fifty seven point six percent to forty
two point four percent
I'm calling it Aleksandr Cascio Cortes
the winner defeating Joe Crowley the
number four Democrat in the house thank
you
oh I'm using gentlemen we got him we got
that one goes Crowley Crowley down goes
Crowley Knight he's eating Crowl okay
look when we when we started the just
Democrats and when I say we I mean the
for folks who started it me Kuklinski
from secular talk Zack actually from the
Bernie Sanders campaign shortcut
Chakravarthi from the Sanders campaign I
remember okay they said you'll be lucky
to get one candidate in after the 2018
elections okay we now have 12 that have
won their primaries and are moving on in
the case of Acacio cortez she'll win in
a cakewalk in that district against the
Republicans that is congressman or I
should say congresswoman and
representative Alexandria Acacio Cortes
now okay and heater she was she was the
she was in the first batch of Justice
Democrats candidates
we already have three incumbents now
it's going to be for today that's you
could pretty much write that in stone
and and we're just getting started so
what happened I thought it couldn't be
done yeah and I thought that we wouldn't
even get one but it turns out if you
believe and you'll write about your
thesis that a wave is coming and it's
not just the Democratic wave it's an
actual progressive wave that amazing
things can happen like the number four
Democrat in the house with a ten to one
money advantage can lose to a woman who
never ran for office before who no one
gave a chance to and and by the way now
they see demographic advantages for
Alexander across here Cortes but before
they were saying this young latina woman
who's never been in politics and there's
a little bit of code words there as well
like how is she gonna go up against the
guy who runs Queens Joe Crowley the guy
who has all the money the guy that has
all the endorsements and all the
establishment behind him well guess what
she did it and and so and I don't want
to make the same mistake as the
establishment so number one it
does mean to some degree and I would
argue a large degree yes the progressive
wave is real yes these candidates that
everyone all else thought had no chance
that had a ten to one disadvantage
financially can win and she did win
tonight okay but also she ran a great
campaign
oh she busted her ass for oh well over a
year she she ran a brilliant campaign
she knew she could do it from day one
she had all the right strategies she
went to go knock on doors we told you
knocking on doors would work small
little credits to so many different
people involved you know Allison Hart's
NFL adjust Democrat lost her race in
California took her volunteers and
started making calls into Alexandria's
district that made a little bit of a
difference hold
it's called done Casa Cortez with Acacio
Cortez wins Crowley loses we got him we
got him let's listen on the interview
that Emma's doing right now tonight I
had no idea what was gonna happen but I
felt good about this race because I felt
like I had at least run the campaign and
that we had run the campaign that we
wanted to work that we wanted to run we
didn't know if it was gonna work or not
but but it looks like it did can you
just talk about what this race means for
the country because everyone keeps
comparing it to the Eric Cantor race but
you ran no corporate pac money what does
this mean for America's democracy I
think it means that there is a path you
know there is a path it is possible it
is hard it is a
we did it we did it alone and we did it
with a ragtag group of ten people who
believed for like 90% of this raise but
we were able to pull through we were
able to make this happen and lastly can
you give any inspirational words to
other candidates that might want to run
on a similar platform to do it to stick
to it to stick through it even if it
feels like it's failing and to see it
through to the very end do not give up
congratulations
I just want to double that on that
message you gotta believe because if you
don't believe you have no chance but if
you believe anything is possible it the
Eric Cantor reference that Emma just
made is one of the most historic defeats
for an incumbent in American history
Eric Cantor was the majority leader for
the Republicans he was the number two
Republican and they had never lost a
majority leader had never lost a primary
before this right now already tonight as
the race just got called in Emma's not
the only one and we talked about it
earlier with Michael it would be along
the lines of an Eric Cantor like defeat
the number four Democrat in the House
loses to someone no one had ever heard
of before this year in a deeply
progressive campaign connected to the
grassroots
