the Supreme Court has decided to strike
down a California law that would force
pregnancy crisis clinics to share
information about contraception and
abortion with individuals who show up to
their clinics now for those who don't
know what pregnancy crisis clinics are
they usually set up shop very close to
an abortion clinic and make it seem as
though they are an abortion clinic or a
clinic and women will show up thinking
that this place offers everything from
contraception to ultrasound to abortions
and oftentimes what happens is since
they are run by deeply religious
right-wing individuals who pose as
doctors by the way they will pressure
the woman to avoid having an abortion
and bring the pregnancy to term now
California realized this was happening
and they passed a law essentially
forcing these pregnancy crisis centers
to disclose who they really are that in
a lot of cases they're not actually
licensed professionals and to also post
information about conscious
contraception and abortion as saying
that it's one of the options right and
they decided to challenge this rule in
court and unfortunately it went to the
Supreme Court and the Supreme Court
decided to strike part of the California
law down so let's break it down in a
couple different ways I get it that they
have a freedom of speech argument here
hey you can't force me to say something
I don't agree with right okay but that's
curious because 37 different states
force medical providers actual medical
providers not I think once right to tell
people about things about abortion
someone which is not even true and not
written by a doctor but by written by
legislators so a lot of those medical
license for a professional say I don't
want to say this it violates my freedom
of speech I don't believe this they go
shut up who cares say what we tell you
to say freedom of speech is only for the
right wing some of them are forced to
say that abortion might lead to breast
cancer or infertility and and even
suicide none of which is true so the
right wing gets to say to doctors you
must say things that are untrue right
but the left wing cannot say hey can you
stop lying for a second about this
because they go hold religious beliefs
about how I have to lie to these people
and trick them sometimes they keep
delaying the patient until it's too late
to get an abortion then they go haha
tricked you I mean that a bare minimum
we get to the second part of the case
where the California said well you have
to at least say that you're not a
licensed medical professional supreme of
course I don't know I mean do you really
have to know but the Supreme Court look
I disagree with this ruling but in the
very least they did not strike down that
portion of the law are they not merciful
I know I know but I mean how outrageous
would it be if if you know if this
clinic or these clinics make the
argument it is my sincere religious
belief that I cannot disclose that I am
NOT a licensed professional I'm just
posing as one with a white coat I mean
that's what they do but the right wing
with a straight face made that argument
we should be allowed to lie to people
and pretend we're medical professionals
California and I got this law of parts
of this law struck down and every other
blue state you should make them put
giant signs saying these are not medical
professionals okay then you go into you
and if we did when they have their
stupid lab coats on what filthy liars
they are yeah why did you put out a
medical coat if you're not practicing
medicine because your intent is to
deceive and then you cry tears about oh
my God my freedom of speech make them
say things that aren't true make them
say it right when you're full of crap
you never cared about the First
Amendment two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
