hello J Trump is calling for a total and
complete shutdown of Muslims entering
the United States
so not only has this administration
embolden racists to spew their filth at
minorities on a regular basis but thanks
to a SCOTUS decision today it is now
legal in the United States of America to
discriminate against Muslims
you know the nation right that is
supposed to have a separation of church
and state and is now banning people from
majority Muslim countries because of
said religion but how about that
Constitution am i right after all what's
this thing that Tommy said again I
contemplate with sovereign reverence
that act of the whole American people
which declared that their legislature
should make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof thus building
a wall of separation between church and
state I guess this is a wall that Trump
actually wants to tear down while its
Constitution loving loyalists abandon
that sacred document why well because
god forbid anybody calls into question
Christianity this is the reason
Christians are tired of being bullied
for their faith in the public square
well let's find an entire religion
because Fox News said so Supreme Court
today found that indefinitely banning
people from particular countries was a
lawful use of the president's power
under the Immigration and Nationality
Act it allows the branch to suspend the
entry of a class of people if the
government finds that the entry of
aliens or any class of aliens into the
u.s. would be detrimental to the
interests of the country so I translate
that as a national security issue right
which Republicans have consistently
cited in defending the need for said by
landfill after example chapter and verse
of individuals admitted into our country
who went on to commit or attempt to
commit heinous acts of terror
some of whom have actually cited 9/11 in
order to justify the violence did you
know nearly 1.8 million green cards were
issued to Nationals of predominantly
Muslim countries from the September 11th
attacks in 2001 through 2015 despite the
fact that Saudi Arabia the country were
15 of the 90
attackers were born has never been
included in the list of countries
covered by the ban so let me ask you if
this is really about protecting US
citizens and not just a legalized
reiteration of this administration's
relentless attack on Muslims
why isn't Saudi Arabia included
followers because it's never been about
national security it's always been about
Gina phobia and why we'll be bunking
this gulf the Supreme Court found that
the travel ban did not violate the First
Amendment by denying freedom of religion
to Muslims in other words it found that
the travel ban was not in fact a Muslim
ban this administration argued that
because Trump called for a total and
complete shutdown of Muslims in 2015
they should not count against him
because he wasn't president oh okay cool
what about when he retreated false
anti-muslim propaganda from his
government account we're just gonna let
that slide because he tweets a lot okay
cool regardless of how they spin it we
know what it is those in his
administration have even called it what
it is so right when he first announced
that he said Muslim ban he called me up
he said put a commission together show
me the right way to do it legally it's a
Muslim ban a stain upon this nation's
values that the very same people
celebrating it claimed to cherish and
it's never been about national security
and no legal jargon can masquerade the
fact that at it's very core it has
always been about discrimination against
immigrants and an entire religion the US
Supreme Court has now provided legal
cover to this sort of rank bigotry and
it will be a stain on the record of this
court and the five justices who voted in
favor of this decision for generations
to come
but the fight is not over get a TYT up
here and as always continue to resist
