there's this huge misrepresented story
that's been driving me crazy for months
now regardless of who you talked to
democrat or republican it seems that all
commentary about the economy is positive
the unemployment rate is at an all-time
low the stocks appear to be riding that
bull market wave except in the last week
when Trump's trade war resulted in some
market volatility nonetheless Democrats
argue that Trump is just enjoying the
hard work Obama put into improving the
economy while he was in charge on the
other hand Republicans congratulate the
genius businessman president who
conveniently went bankrupt six times
before getting elected but the truth is
they both kind of sucked at
significantly improving the lives of
those in the middle class a look at
what's really happening with the u.s.
reveals stagnant wages underemployment
and Americans carrying more debt than at
the height of the financial crash look
I'm not some anti Trump lefty who's just
pretending like wages have been stagnant
even Jerome Powell the new head of the
Federal Reserve had to acknowledge it
when he was asked about lackluster wage
growth even with an impressively low
unemployment rate here's what he had to
say in a world where we're hearing lots
and lots about a bad labor shortages
everywhere we go now we hear about labor
shortages but where's the wage reaction
so it's a bit of a puzzle I wouldn't say
it's a mystery
but it's it's a bit of a puzzle wages
have actually been stagnant for decades
which further demonstrates that the
whole notion of trickle-down economics
does not work we've been waiting for
corporations to trickle on us for
decades Powell had that press conference
more than six months after Trump's
massive corporate tax cuts went into
effect those tax savings were supposed
to translate to higher earnings for
Americans but if your boss hasn't
trickled down on you yet you're not the
only one experiencing the magic of
corporate greed data from the Bureau of
Economic Analysis shows that wages are
growing at nearly half the rate they did
in the 1970s the Bureau of Labor
Statistics also notes that in 2017
eighty point four million workers ages
16 and older were paid hourly rates
representing 58 point
percent of all wage earners now 1.8
million of those workers are being paid
at or below minimum wage an annual
report by the national Low Income
Housing Coalition indicates that there
is nowhere in the country where someone
working a full-time minimum-wage job can
afford to rent a modest two-bedroom
apartment not even in Arkansas and that
is one of the cheapest places to afford
housing and a study by the Federal
Reserve Board found that 40 percent of
Americans can't afford an unexpected
four hundred dollar expense look every
once in a while the media highlights a
story about an American who worked so
incredibly hard but still can't provide
a middle-class lifestyle for his or her
family across the country in Kansas City
we meet Terrance Weis another American
who believes you built a life on hard
work he leaves home at 5:30 and returns
16 hours later he records the beginning
of his day we meet him he has two jobs
at fast-food franchises one at Burger
King a second of McDonald's it takes him
eight buses to commute to and from his
work there's three more bus to go the
may jobs report that Trump keeps
bragging about isn't applauded Abal when
highlighting some of the details so
let's do that in May a verage hourly
earnings for all employees on private
non-farm payrolls rose by 8 cents over
the year average hourly earnings have
increased by 71 cents average hourly
earnings of private-sector production
and non supervisory employees increased
by 7 cents
wow what a big improvement again the
unemployment rate is impressively low no
one can deny that but no one seems to
look into the quality of these jobs
either the latest Bureau of Labor
Statistics jobs report from May
indicates that there were five million
involuntary part-timers in March in fact
the May jobs report found that the
average work week for Americans is only
33 hours that's just an average but it
shows you how much underemployment is a
growing problem a common problem for
American work
in 2006 despite a higher unemployment
rate than today there were a million
fewer part-timers then there's the
overabundance and instability of
temporary jobs which have substituted
long term employment with benefits since
the economic collapse temporary jobs
have been on the rise according to the
Department of Commerce jobs in the
temporary help services industry reached
an all-time high of 2.9 million in May
of 2015
accounting for 2.4 percent of all
private-sector jobs in the US economy
the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates
that in 2017 as many as 40% of US
workers were part of this gig economy
scraping by with multiple temporary gigs
just to make ends meet so most Americans
aren't noticing a big jump in their
disposable income but they are noticing
a Herculean Herculean jump in their debt
total consumer debt now sits at three
point eight to four trillion dollars
this includes credit card debt auto
loans and student loans but not mortgage
related debt we've experienced a 47
percent jump in consumer debt since the
height of the economic collapse that's
disastrous when you add stagnant wages
to the mix and so let's end on stocks
our socks really doing well no they're
not if you take a look at the real
economy and you look at the real value
of product you'll notice that it's over
inflated what these corporations are
doing is taking their huge tax savings
and buying their own stocks to
artificially inflate their value so we
need to take a deeper dive and look at
what's really happening with the economy
because you will notice a shrinking
middle class and we can't let that
continue happening we can't allow the
mainstream media to take hold of this
false narrative of economic improvement
when homelessness is on the rise and so
many Americans are still suffering
hey everyone I hope you enjoyed my show
no filter and I actually film it every
single Monday at 1:30 Pacific 4:30
Eastern so you can check it out live on
YouTube TV just search for TYT networks
youtube TV channel or you can check it
out in podcast form on itunes later
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to check me out on no filter
