all right I wanted to briefly talk about
the events of today obviously we had the
show 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern but I was away
and there's one point I really want to
drive home guys and so everybody's upset
about what Maxine Waters said saying hey
you should confront Republicans wherever
they are these officials they're upset
about Sarah Huckabee Sanders being
kicked out of the restaurant that she
was kicked out of Trump's upset about
their dirty canapes anyway what they're
missing though and I think almost all
the mainstream media is missing is
people have been given no outlets and so
this is when they bring out the
pitchforks so I've actually been warning
anybody who'd listen in in Washington
and in mainstream media and the
politicians that the pitchforks are
coming but they didn't even understand
what that means this is what it means so
there's two components of it one is the
right wing has been so hostile to the
left wing in this country for my entire
life all the Liberals were the worst
liberals or weak liberals or this their
snow-flakes liberals are they are
terrible and we should blow up San
Francisco in Massachusetts one vicious
attack after another and the Democrats
have taken it and taken it and taking it
well there's a whole new wing of left
wingers online and elsewhere and in
person apparently who don't want to take
it anymore and and then the second part
of it is even more important and less
talked about which is that elites have
strangled our democracy so there's no
outlets left ninety-three percent of us
want sensible gun control federal
background checks well you're not going
to get it because the politicians are
bribed by their donors and and the
oligarchs rule us all over 90 percent of
Americans believe that money and
politics is a problem but not only the
politicians not want to talk about that
because they're the ones who are being
bribed but TV doesn't want to talk about
it because the bribery goes towards them
four billion dollars in every election
cycle goes to television ads so they've
left no outlet for real
Americans to have their voice heard so
what happens well you can MOLLE bottle
it up for so long and then next thing
you know people start speaking out
whether it's in restaurants is some
movie theaters and since they have lost
their democracy they start venting to
the élysée when they see them in person
now everybody goes on TV and says I do
declare this is unacceptable and by the
way I don't want it to happen I don't
want us to be yelling at each other in
restaurants in public areas and and I'm
not you know I'm not sure Maxie's
comments were helpful but I know that
there's a hundred Republicans who have
said similar things to Maxine Waters so
we just got used to it
you know we got used to Republicans
calling feminists feminazis and then all
of a sudden it became normal and all the
hatred that right that Donald Trump has
said and then we got used to it so so
it's okay it's okay for a trump to do
that it's okay for Paul gonna do that
how many times did Trump say in his
campaign rallies it's okay punch him in
the face I'll pay your legal bills but
now Maxine Waters says something or one
of you guys has something at a
restaurant to someone who's in the elite
and all of a sudden 24/7 coverage of oh
my god we lost civility
we just lost civility no we lost
civility a long time ago and it was the
right-wing who did it and yes it was the
establishment who did it and so whether
they liked it or not whether I like it
or not here comes the pitchforks and and
they think that the Young Turks because
we have all these progressives and our
networks including us and we now you
know we got me in a Turner we've got Cod
kolinsky we've got Jimmy Dore we got all
these guys and and we support Bernie
Sanders so they think Young Turks and
Bernie Sanders is the radical left no we
are deeply progressive we are strongly
progressive but you ain't seeing radical
yet and radicals on its way you just saw
the tip of the pitchfork
and Washington has no idea what's gonna
hit it right or wrong this is what
happens when you lose a democracy I have
a much better idea get the goddamn money
out of politics so that our votes
actually means something and then maybe
people won't get attacked in restaurant
I'm not saying that it's a good thing
I'm saying that it becomes inevitable
that I hurry up and get a political
solution as soon as humanly possible
