you know why we get super pissed when
things like this happen because they can
lead to this Michael Brown Trayvon
Martin Sandra bland Terrance Crutcher
falando Castillo Jordan Edwards Stephon
Clark and now on a day when Tamir rice
should have been celebrating his 16th
birthday here we are adding another name
to the list it just does not seem to end
antwuan Rose a name that members of his
community uh turds with such delight in
promise representative of a bright spark
who had his whole future in front of him
only to have that future cut short
because of police brutality only to have
it cut short by an officer just like the
officer who took the life of Tamir rice
just like the officer who took the life
of Jonathan Edwards an officer with a
record of gross misconduct who should
have never been on a force to begin with
last week in Pittsburgh police officer
Michael Ross fell short
seventeen-year-old Antoine three times
as he fled from a car stopped by police
while unarmed antoine was found to have
a handgun clip in his pocket after the
officer showed up during several days of
protests a range of groups shut down
highways and intersections all across
the city one of these protests led to a
very rare moment of light amidst all the
darkness when two truck drivers whose
path was obstructed by the protests got
out of their trucks and started asking
questions now here's the thing I hope
one day in this country moments like
this become commonplace and don't have
to be celebrated but unfortunately
that's not the case today
we live in a polarized society stripped
of empathy where many people as soon as
they see blue go willfully blind to the
countless and justices in front of them
ultimately believing that running from
police merits a death sentence but I've
seen here this protest opened the eyes
of two men who up until that point did
not know about Antoine Rose or the
incident and rather
turn a blind eye they actually listened
to the concerns of this broken community
and joined them and so we would hope for
the majority of Americans because this
is not a new narrative it's painfully
familiar take the case of 15 year old
jordan edwards officer roy oliver had
previously been suspended from the force
over anger management concerns yet he
was back on the force and he was able to
shoot a rifle into a moving vehicle
killing the boy the same was true for
officer Timothy Loman who before
shooting Tamir rice at the window of a
moving vehicle had been deemed unfit in
a previous position amid questions about
his ability to follow instructions and
to make good decisions in stressful
situations moments former deputy chief
had even recommended at Lohmann be
dismissed citing a report from a
firearms instructor who said Loman
showed up for training distracted weepy
and unable to communicate clear thoughts
and surprise surprise as a result his
handgun performance was dismal and now
we have Michael Ross felt a Pennsylvania
police officer who left his previous job
on a university police force about a
month after prosecutors dropped a case
against three men he'd filed charges
against because they believe Ross field
had falsified reports and according to
officials all across the University of
Pittsburgh police this was just one of
many controversial incidents surrounding
the officer who after being sworn into
the police force short Antoine three
times in the back so yes while officers
like this continue to circulate through
the system despite poor performance by
judgment in a legal behavior
you better believe we will continue to
shame the permit patties of the world
because when she picks up that phone to
complain about a child selling water on
the sidewalk or a rogue barbecue she
could be calling on someone like officer
Ross field and ultimately put a child at
risk I'll make sure to download the TYT
app for more and as always continue to
resist
