in an era where it seems as though black
people have incidents where people call
the cops on them for all sorts of
ridiculous reasons more stories are
popping up showing black individuals who
are doing their jobs in uniforms facing
criticism and threats of police being
called on them a recent example features
a black firefighter from the Oakland
area his name is Kevin Moore he was
doing routine inspections into people's
backyards now the fire department does
this in order to follow California fire
code they want to make sure that
chimneys don't have any type of dry
vegetarian vegetation near them they do
this to make sure that there's nothing
in the backyard that could lead to a
fire and apparently while Kevin Moore
was just doing his job
a resident decided to call the cops on
him because he looked suspicious now
mind you he was wearing his firefighters
uniform so let me give you the details
this is according to the San Francisco
Chronicle a black firefighter again his
name's Kevin Moore conducting city
mandated inspections around the homes in
Oakland Hills was reported to police and
on a separate occasion questioned and
videotaped by a resident who found him
suspicious even though he was in full
uniform with his fire truck parked
nearby now the fire department has
responded to this saying it's extremely
unfortunate from the outside it
certainly appears to be unfair and
unwarranted the fire service is a
microcosm of the world racism exists in
the world and it exists in Oakland and
everywhere else that's from the captain
Damon Covington also Vince crew Dell who
supervises the inspection program said
that firefighters absolutely have the
right listed plainly in the California
fire code to conduct exterior property
inspections while residents aren't home
so typically what happens and I've
experienced this with the DWP but what
typically happens is they'll knock on
the door and let the individual know the
property owner know hey we got to do
this inspection we're gonna go in the
backyard if the officials knock on the
door
firefighters knock on the door and no
one answers they are still supposed to
go to the back yard and do their jobs
because it's an important job to do now
that's exactly what happened here but
unfortunately he was met with a call to
the authorities this the way that he
describes what happened when this person
like confronted him he's like the person
this person who's like you you sir you
can't inspector he's like he kind of
startled me he says well what are you
doing here
and then more responds we're here doing
our annual and vegetation inspection
then the guy who was suspicious of you
know a fire department person Moore said
he asked for ID more shows than the ID
the dude takes the picture looks at it
and says that more needs to get a
different ID and more response I've had
that ID for years it's kind of dark and
I'm more of a dark skinned black guy but
you can still see me but like so at that
point you're wondering like what does
this guy have to do what does the fire
department the firefighter have to do in
order to convince you that he's an
actual firefighter he then goes on and
says it's more suggested that if the
resident was still concerned he could
simply look out onto the street where a
big red fire is right there if it's not
a firefighter this is the most committed
and at that point oh god I know he's
expecting my pushes like what do you I
mean I'd say well these these days these
days are really they're getting
inventive they are they still fire
trucks they still fire uniforms they put
them on they parked through the front of
your house as loud as fire engines are
they go to the back and they have
identifications that coincide with their
person and the fire department all just
to case your house just in case yeah
that's a million-dollar fire truck fire
truck than anything yes things are just
too rich these days man who questioned
the firefighter said that the
firefighter look suspect
just because he was wearing white tennis
shoes so that's all it takes black skin
white tennis shoes doesn't matter if
there's a truck in the front yard parked
in front of the the yard doesn't matter
if he's wearing a uniform or gives you
the ID that you asked for he gave the ID
I mean think about how annoying that is
and how patient you have to be to comply
with that right what he did he complied
with it he didn't look and by the way
another thing didn't lose his temper was
incredibly patient with this resident
did everything right and like if anyone
approached me as I was doing my job like
I'm sitting at my desk I'm reading I'm
researching and started asking me
questions and started questioning my
right to be there as I do my job I would
lose my mind I would lose my mind within
two seconds it wouldn't even it wouldn't
like I wouldn't be patient at all at all
not even for a second I just don't
understand what what this is in
California by the way liberal California
this like hippie bastion this isn't a
Bay Area this guy's doing his job I I
don't know what else to say I don't know
what else to say how about the officer
Kevin Moore was among a group of
firefighters honored with the City
Council bravery and heroism award in
2008 he jumped into a ravine to save
passengers trapped in an overturned
vehicle but did he did he is there
identification when he got to the bottom
and was hoisting these people out of the
wreck the guys that can I see your ID
can't just I know you were a firefighter
hatton you're in this ravine but yeah
it's a little dark I'm tired two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
