young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with the in
a Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio CN n isn't
particularly known for fact-checking
some of the people I'll be nice I'll say
people who come on to their programs in
fact oftentimes they just allow
representatives from both sides to say
whatever it is that they believe or want
to say and they go unchecked but there
has been an exception recently and I
wanted to show that exception to our
audience so a woman by the name of Amy
Kramer was on CNN and she was arguing
that you know under the Obama
administration this whole child
separation policy was happening but no
one was talking about it and luckily she
did get fact-checked especially after
she misrepresented what jeh Johnson had
previously said on CNN in regard to
Obama's deportation policies okay so
without further ado take a quick look at
this wonderful fact-checking job that
was done on CNN its Congress's
responsibility to fix this problem this
is not going on it was going on during
the Obama administration to this level
absolutely was victory absolutely was
just a clear fact Amy we talk about
perspectives we can talk but there are
numbers there's research there were
people who worked in the Obama
administration there were immigration
attorneys who were working venn are
working now any nonpartisan objective
fact checker says that what you are
telling people right now is not true
absolutely no policy of zero tolerance
that required families to be separated
victor you're wrong jeh Johnson the
Department of Homeland Security under
President Obama said on Thursday that
they were separating families and they
actually were
Johnson says that he could not say that
there were no families that's right
Brett it's a crap theaters here victory
that's not correct the transcript the
control room is watching this we'll get
the soundbite and we'll play it for the
viewers okay well we will settle this
one all right and here's Jay Johnson
there's no policy or practice at least
on my watch two separate women parents
from their children there might be
individual cases other were I'm sure
individual cases for reasons of health
or safety but we did not have that
policy or practice and it's not
something I would have adopted it's not
something I would have permitted so Amy
Kremer ended that I don't know why we
got out of the clip before she could
finish making her point but she ended
that exchange by saying well I don't
have the article that I read in front of
me but it happened so basically she just
straight out rejected the evidence that
was presented to her right there right
there
I mean it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter the evidence doesn't matter the
facts don't matter they have the agenda
they will keep pushing the agenda they
will keep arguing that they're right
even if the facts do not bear that out
it makes this entire process this job
that we do so utterly worthless or it is
at least it feels were frustrating no
it's beyond frustrating because you have
one side that's trying to stick to the
facts and then you have the other side
who doesn't care they just keep
rejecting it it would be one thing if
she said Obama was separating families
and he said no that's not true I've got
this video Jay Johnson and they played
it and she said well I don't know what
my article was but she was the one
saying it was Jay Johnson that said it
that was her example and she's a sample
well I don't have the ability to like
pull what are you gonna pull up a
different video where he says the exact
opposite no no she said I don't have the
ability to pull up the article I was
really talking about no one knows where
your articles from but it's obviously
misleading or it's it's just incorrect
on the backs it's for yeah it's
frustrating when like if you if you cite
evidence and then is directly
contradicted to your face and you hold
the same position that's fine you just
didn't believe for the reason that
you're imply
so at least be honest about why you
believe that it wasn't because Jay
Johnson said something obviously because
you just saw that he said the exact
opposite and it does lie I don't know so
much about the career implications but I
will say that when I see that sort of
thing out of a human it makes me wish
that we could press the reset button on
the old species because that there's
some fundamental flaws with how we work
psychologically and I've been seeing
this from the very beginning I mean
anything there's been so much great
activism on this issue that I mean in no
small part was why it has mostly been
reversed at this point the huge amount
of money that's been raised all of that
stuff making sure that people face stay
focused on this but every bit of that
online has been met with Obama did the
same thing or whatever it doesn't matter
what the actual truth is to these people
and even the people who will say like I
saw Evan Rachel Wood she went to the
border and she's doing a fast to raise
awareness and to raise money and all
that and so she retweeted someone
comments on her where were you under
Obama when this was happening and she
responded very honestly I didn't know
what was going on under Obama and so I
care now but I want to talk like I want
to say to that person okay so you're
saying where were you then
you can't change where you were in the
past you can change what you're doing
now where are you now there's so many
people that think that this the solution
of the family separation is simply
saying Obama did stuff what about the
mission going on about you that's that
is whether it's true or not if you even
if you believe it's true that's fine I'm
saying at least you could do something
don't just say Obama do something now
for these people the reason why they
don't do something now is because they
never have and never does that is what
I'm saying here yes they don't care they
don't care so your what about Obama
stuff it's just a way of deflecting so
you feel a little less guilty for being
the piece of program you know you're
it's it's beyond apathetic apathetic
would imply that they just don't care
right that they're not you know
emotionally invested whatever it is but
it goes further than that they have
complete and utter
Stane for people who are fleeing their
own countries because they fear for the
lives of their children and their own
lives I mean that's that's the real
issue and so look if this this policy
the zero tolerance policy wasn't so
great for Trump even those on the right
were criticizing him for it
so how is he gonna do some damage
control he's gonna spread this nonsense
propaganda about how Obama supposedly
had the same policy he did not have the
same policy but here's another thing we
will play fair and we will very honestly
and factually criticize Obama for his
failings when it came to the immigration
issue you think that the right wing is
gonna do that with Trump you think the
right wing is gonna do that with anyone
on their side No so again we go back to
you know trying to report the facts
trying to talk about the issue
honestly when the other side has no
interest in that well and this is the
reason I want to talk about this right
now is it's an example of a larger
problem that I think we're going to have
to address because I know there's
there's a lot of people who I think
justifiably and legitimately and I'm
right there with them want to like like
just just focus on the issues just talk
during the elections if you're running
just talk about the issues and you'll be
totally fine I think I think you should
but I don't think you should because I
think it's always going to work what
you're always going to come up against
if you just let's say we just want talk
about Medicare for all you think we
should have Medicare for all I think we
should have Medicare for all I think if
you talk to people you probably if it's
a lot of them but a gigantic percentage
are going to lie about Medicare for all
they're not going to accept even obvious
facts about this policy or whichever
policy you want to talk about just have
a conversation about the policy
inevitably runs up against the
resistance to information and the truth
that many people in America have had
drilled into them by decades of Fox News
and Republican propaganda it's just so
devastating I want to leave you with a
CNN clip featuring Jeffery Lord a huge
Trump supporter this is from back in
2016 and it gives you it just perfectly
summarizes the argument that I'm trying
to make here that the right-wing is not
interested in the facts they will
outright reject them and in fact if you
have the audacity to give people factual
information you are nothing more than an
elitist take a look I mean I
hate to be the dissenter here and I'm
not saying this because of Donald Trump
but I honestly don't think that this
group fact-checking business as we as
we're all into this is anything more
than then you know one more sort of out
of touch elitist media type thing I
don't think people out here in America
care I don't think people in America
care well they've certainly been primed
to not care at least one side has been
primed to not care and the fact that CNN
had him on repeatedly after what he said
on that segment gives you a sense of how
CNN has contributed to this problem
right well yeah I mean like the first
time he was on he said that the KKK was
a leftist organization so they'd pretty
much signed on to a you know whatever he
said at that point yeah fact-checking is
elitist fact-checking is elitist so
that's jolly the way anyway yeah exactly
yeah that's the society we live in now
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
