young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with Nina
Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio a National
Guardsmen from the state of Oregon
wanted to chime in with his opinions on
migrant children who are being separated
from their parents at the border now
this was before Donald Trump decided to
sign an executive order essentially
banning that from happening or
preventing that from happening that was
his own zero tolerance policy signed the
executive order to stop it from
happening
now this National Guardsman said the
following it's a waste of money they're
lucky we aren't executing them that is
something that he actually posted to a
Facebook page that's raising money for
the families that have been separated
it's the reunited immigrant parent with
their child Facebook page it's raised
over twenty million dollars to help
cover some of the legal expenses that
these families have to deal with and
this national guardsman Guardsman's
comment was waste of money they're lucky
we aren't executing them so his name is
Jerrod or Gerard Martin there he is he's
apparently worked for the National Guard
since 2013 we have apparently heard that
he's facing some sort of punishment it's
unclear what that punishment is probably
not execution yeah but it's nice to know
that we have North National Guardsmen
that think executing children is
acceptable as long as they're not white
American children see but but Ana in a
week he will put out a statement and he
will say that he was just joking around
so does that make you feel better are
you guys comfortable with the
authoritarianism that's happening in the
country are you comfortable with all the
different steps that we're taking toward
a dictatorship does that make you
comfortable I mean we have people who
are openly talking about executing
children
on social media and everyone's like yeah
what I mean we're part of our military
core part of our military exactly are we
comfortable with that yeah well I mean
we've talked multiple times about it
really it occasionally does get
investigated and there are books about
it but probably not enough about the
infiltration of both police departments
but also the military in particular
there's been work done on it's the it
gets the the Rangers that have a problem
with white supremacy and Christian white
supremacy and they are getting in there
either because they want to be in a
position if you know some sort of like
long-desired race war happens or they
simply want to go in there get training
learn how to fire weapons and all of
that and then go back to their crazy
militias I don't think this is a
gigantic percentage of any of those
fields but it is significant I don't
know if he's one of them but there are
absolutely disgusting ideologies amongst
many people who we trust to guard us who
we are with the most deadly weapons in
the world and this story though is is a
reminder that we live in a complex
country that we can both raise twenty
million dollars to help these people
which is I think by any measure an
amazing thing that people are willing to
do and also want the kids to be executed
that's America so please spare me your
incredibly unimportant criticism about
how we need to be civil with politicians
we disagree with okay I'm done being
civil okay you know what civility has
gotten us a country where National
Guardsmen feel comfortable discussing
executing immigrant children
that's what civility has gotten us I'm
done with civility okay I'm done with it
I'm done with it if you're gonna act
this way publicly then you deserve
public shaming you deserve to get
harassed or heckled when you're enjoying
a nice meal with your family you just
deserve it that's what that's what you
get and look I'm not saying that because
I'm a violent person I'm not saying that
because I'm looking to you know push for
a society where we can't have a civil
discussion but we're passed that's that
society that society's gone okay the
left wing has been playing patty-cakes
while the right wing has
punching us in the face and I'm tired of
it I'm tired of sitting back and
allowing it to happen this guy I mean
what's your punishment he's a National
Guardsman I want to know what his
punishment is he should not be a
National Guardsman if he thinks it's
okay to execute children he should not
be a National Guardsman period and by
the way I'm not one of these people goes
around calling for the firing of people
but if he's in that kind of position of
power he has no business being a
National Guardsman and especially when
he makes statements like that openly on
social media I would probably worry
about his kids if he has them he has a
pretty weird view on what's acceptable
in terms of kids yeah yeah I I think it
was the Washington Post had an editorial
today where they were they were
comparing like booing people at a
restaurant with like the word like they
were talking about like anti-abortion
like extremists saying like look there's
incivility on both sides like the
anti-abortion extremists they murder
people they blow up buildings they're
terrorists okay in many cases
historically they have a pretty big body
count already booing someone who's
trying to eat a chicken sandwich is not
exactly the same thing and I think that
there's this as you said playing
patty-cakes like the people who want to
fundamentally change our society very
often in history and historical examples
they will come in a democracy and they
will ride to ever-increasing power using
the baked-in tolerance and acceptance
and desire to get along of democratic
liberal societies and then once they
have the power they end those things
that's right and it's possible we're not
at that point and we will have to make a
decision each of us whether we are
willing to take that risk
are we willing to allow us to pass the
opportunity where we can stop these
people from fundamentally altering the
relationship individuals have with
American society we have allowed them to
intimidate us to shame us and to quiet
us down I mean they have gone after
protesters they have gone after every
constitutional right imaginable in order
to push for their own you know
authoritarian agenda I'm done I am done
being
I will not use violence I will not put
my hands on anyone I'm being clear about
that however I have absolutely no
problem voicing very loudly what my
opinion is if I see a trump official or
Trump supporter out in public that is my
right if you don't like it maybe
reconsider how divisive your own
policies are hey I mean they passed
bills allowing people to run down
protesters if they're in the highway I
know like Heather hires she was murdered
by a Nazi at a protest and our president
responded to that by saying there's good
people on both sides that same group by
the way has they've already passed one
of the steps to have an anniversary
March for that you know at the right
event and like if you don't think that
they're gonna be Nazis and white
nationalists and all that flocking from
all corners of America to duplicate that
then you're crazy okay and it's likely
that that is gonna happen in DC in
August to easy ways Folio interests want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
