young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with the in
a Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio the
for-profit prison industry is making a
killing in the Trump era especially
after he has pushed for draconian
policies in response to immigration in
the United States so there are two main
for-profit prison corporations one of
them is known as coarse civic which used
to be referred to as Correction
Corporation of America they rebranded
themselves because I got they got a lot
of negative press
there's also geo group well under the
Trump administration core civic shares
are up 20% since April 2nd and geo group
shares have risen almost 34% so in just
a few months the stock prices have gone
up considerably and it is a direct
response to Trump's immigration policies
geo operates one of the three family
centers for detention
the Karns family residential Center in
Caron City Texas in operation since 1984
geo owns or manages 141 prisons or
detention centers totaling about 96
thousand beds I always love mentioning
that they were founded in 1984 because
that is the perfect year to symbolize
you know the privatization of our prison
systems and it was also a direct
response to the over criminalization of
those in possession of marijuana our
publicly funded by the way private
prisons are publicly funded but federal
and state prisons were so full of
marijuana possessors that these smart
and savvy entrepreneurs decided hey we
can make a lot of money by housing some
of these prisoners ourselves and they
have been pushing for tough on crime
legislation ever since and that's one of
the reasons why we incarcerate more
people than any country in the world
in the world we are the top incarcerate
errs in the United States we had a talk
during the production meeting about
financial strategies and I wish that I
could go back no you don't and talk to
myself no not just about this but just
write down the list of the 10 swamp iya
stin de strees and go back and invest
every cent you have in them no because
they are having a field day over the
past year and a half oh my god
things were sweet for them already but
they had been like so those stocks went
up like 20 30 percent in the last three
months I showed you a story this morning
that I found out actually it was a
mistake and it was from a year ago but
it said that at that point two of these
private prison companies their stocks
had gone up by 100 or 140 percent in
like two months after Trump was sworn in
yes they knew that the Trump
administration you know it ran on he ran
it ran he ran on a law-and-order
platform right and so there won't be any
law there won't be any order but there
will be imprisonment that's exactly
right and so we are again funneling
taxpayer money to the tune of tens of
millions of dollars to each one of these
detention centers that housed the houses
a very polite word but incarcerated
essentially these immigrant children and
the same goes for the detention centers
that focus primarily on adults now there
are family family facilities which again
is a euphemism these are prisons
essentially where the families are kept
together they're gonna get huge
government contracts as well
they call themselves private prison
prisons but they are privately run
publicly financed it is our taxpayer
money that goes to these very
corporations that push for policies that
incarcerate us so we pay them to
essentially push for policies that make
our nonviolent behavior criminal now in
the case of immigrants a lot of
Americans have bought into the notion
that we should imprison them but you
know you want to talk about fiscal
conservatism this is certainly not
fiscal conservatism
gyeo also recorded revenues of 2.2 six
billion
dollars up near nearly 4% over the
previous year and just to give you a
little statement from the CEO of geo
group George Zoli has told Wall Street
analysts during an early earnings
conference that he expects geo will be
awarded additional contracts from ice
and the US Marshal Service that's where
your money's going
don't let anyone fool you into thinking
that the Trump administration genuinely
cares about law and order what the Trump
administration cares about just like
many other corrupt politicians is
ensuring that corporations like geo
group and Corrections Corporation of
America core civic whatever you want to
call it get these massive government
contracts that are funded by US US
taxpayers it's a huge money-making scam
and we have bought into it because we've
allowed our media to feed us all sorts
of propaganda about how politicians are
trying to keep us safe they're not
trying to keep us safe they're trying to
pay their buddies too easy wastefully on
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
