young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with the in a Turner talking about
equality and justice and seeing that
through the eyes of regular Americans
who are affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio Harley Davidson the iconic
motorcycle manufacturer has decided to
ship some of its jobs to the European
Union following retaliatory tariffs
imposed by the EU in response to Donald
Trump's tariffs huh so it turns out a
trade war maybe not so good for the US
economy
alright farlands watching I love him so
Harley Davidson said that it would shift
some production of its iconic bikes
overseas to avoid retaliatory tariffs
imposed by the EU in response to
president Trump's trade moves now
European tariffs on its motorcycles had
increased to 31% from 6% and estimated
that would add about $2,200 on average
to every motorcycle exported from the
United States to the block that's not
that's not right I I owned a Harley I
know how much I owe cheapest our own
Harley I did it I was anymore and I own
the cheap one by the way a lot of them
are 15 20 thousand dollars that math
doesn't even work out how did you go
from a Harley to a scooter I like all
sorts of motorcycles okay anyway that's
not the important part of the story
anyway it's gonna cost more than 20 to
100 additional dollars on average sure
look the point of the story is for
Harley which which was pretty supportive
of the Trump administration you know
while Trump was running they were low
has now decided Oh apparently this guy's
really bad for our business so we're
gonna ship some jobs overseas now Trump
also seemed to have a lot of love for
the company and I want to share a video
from February 2nd 2017 where he spreads
the love to Harley Davidson take a look
thank you
for building things in America I think
you're gonna even expand any of your
businesses now doing very well and
there's a there's a lot of spirit right
now in the country that you weren't
having so much in the last number of
months a job right now you see what's
happening but we want to make it easier
for businesses to create more jobs and
more factories in the United States and
you're a great example of it that means
we have to make America the best country
on earth to do business and that's what
we're in the process of doing in the
1980s and I remember there's you were
victims of trading abuse big trading
abuse where they were dumping all sorts
of competitors all over the place and
Ronald Reagan stepped in and he put on a
large tariffs and you wouldn't be
talking about
you know that but we're gonna help you
too and we're going to make it really
great for business not just you but for
everybody you know who's not good for
business
Donald Trump a man who went bankrupt six
separate times before being elected as
president of the United States he was
partially elected because part of our
electorate believed that he was a smart
businessman a smart businessman doesn't
go bankrupt six times a smart
businessman understands the nuances of
the very policies that he's pushing for
he is not a smart man he is not a
sophisticated thinker and it is not
elitist to argue that he's just not he's
not he didn't think about the
consequences or the ramifications of
what he's doing and ironically this
trade war is gonna hurt so his
supporters the most we're talking about
soybean farmers we're talking about
manufacturers we're talking about
companies that were pretty openly
supportive of Trump and now he's
basically giving you a middle finger in
the form of incompetent trade policy I
don't know I think that yes Harley
Davidson will be her all the hippies
that work for Harley Davidson will be
out of a job maybe no of course this is
this is stupid like so they had it you
you raised all these tariffs on the EU
they're gonna do the same thing they
chose to do that and so Harley Davidson
was gonna be left with a choice between
selling significantly less motorcycles
abroad because they'd be thousands of
dollars more and even less cost
competitive against EU manufactured
motorcycles of which there are a number
of amazing brands that are generally
already far cheaper than Harley
Davidsons or shocker
they've got factories over there they
can just make more of them there which
is going to hurt
not just the workers who would be
manufacturing would be assembling them
here in the US but if they're gonna be
sourcing more parts abroad that could
hurt any number of other related
industries if you produce those sorts of
things it's so short-sighted and so
obvious at the same time did you see his
tweet about this a little bit later on
the day did not okay so I have it here
just in case so he tweeted this about an
hour ago surprise that Harley Davidson
of all companies would be the first to
waive the capital white flag I fought
hard for them and ultimately they will
not pay tariffs selling into the EU
which has hurt us badly on trade down
51 billion do fact check on that tax is
just a Harley excuse be patient Naga you
didn't fight hard for them
you made it harder for them to sell
their motorcycles abroad because here's
the thing hardly traditionally is it's
the most iconic American motorcycle
manufacturer it's got some competitors
like victory and stuff like that but
they were the big one and they have sold
as many motorcycles as they can in the
US there's only so much of a market here
what they want to do is they want to
expand abroad they want Chinese people
to buy Harley Davidsons because there's
a lot of them they want the EU they want
to sell them in India and you are making
it way more difficult for them to
actually do that when you make them so
much less cost competitive against those
domestic international competitors
absolutely and you know Europe is the
second largest market for Harley
Davidsons so they are legitimately
concerned about how these tariffs are
going to impact them and so it makes all
the sense in the world that they would
react this way it makes all the sense in
the world that our allies would react
the way they have to Trump's tariffs
they were not well thought out they just
weren't and again I'm not gonna sit here
and say tariffs are unacceptable under
any circumstances no I know that the
situation is a lot more complex than
that but I'm not President of the United
States and I understand that most people
are not President of the United States
and never will be and they understand
that the President of the United States
doesn't understand that in his world
everything is black or white okay and in
order to sell these tariffs he has lied
to us about trade deficits he has made
up numbers and a lot of those numbers
have gone unchecked and it's frustrating
because the people who lose in the end
are the American people those who do
create American manufacturing jobs those
who are employed in those jobs farmers
who gross soybeans oranges all these
different industries all these different
farmers are gonna be negatively impacted
by this man who doesn't have enough
brain cells to think logically about how
his policies negatively impact people to
easy ways Folio Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on YouTube you are notified of
our videos
