okay guys Trump just tweeted about Sarah
Huckabee Sanders being kicked out of Red
Hand at a restaurant so this is a layup
he gets to say oh my god the Democrats
are being so on civil look at these
liberals they they can't do any
bipartisanship they're rude all these
easy easy things to say I call for
civility and then he gets to be the
Statesman he gets to be the victim these
are layups all over TV now Cable News
hosts are doing his job because of what
Maxine Waters said about Kirsten Nielsen
being kicked out the head of Department
of Homeland Security for a Mexican
restaurant they're all good in just
over-the-top fault
fake outrage like oh my god what if they
dumped into Kirsten Nielsen Sarah Jerry
Sanders etc Trump though being the
unintentionally hilarious guy that he is
instead totally different direction he
tweets out just now the redhead
outrageous filthy canapes what he's like
well you know I have a rule dirty on the
outside dirty on the inside okay
I'm not kidding this is this is three
badly needs a paint job high ground or
doing any of the easy political things
to do he's talking about well I gotta be
honest do you need a paint job what do
you make of a guy like this man all
right all right I guess the redhead
needs a paint job that was your main
criticism fascinating
this guy's President of the United
States of America could you
