see Whitey's got a new audio network guy
so you're gonna love it we got our
existing shows but on top of that we've
got a whole new latest shows coming out
that are in podcast form including the
jimmy dore show so now nobody does
comedy like Jimmy he is super aggressive
and sometimes harsh and often the
irreverent but he's gonna give it to you
like he sees it there's no question
about that so you're gonna love this
podcast he's gonna have some of the top
comedians and comedy writers on there so
if you want to check that out along with
the entire audio network go to T
y-t-dot-com slash audio waiters and
waitresses throughout the country are
losing shifts and in some cases even
getting fired because of these new
tabletop tablets that allow customers
and patrons to rate them at the end of
their meal so these are typically found
at some of the larger restaurant chains
like Chili's and Olive Garden and the
employees are complaining that this
rating system is unfair for a number of
different reasons so I want to get to
that in just a second but first let's
understand what these tablets are so one
of them is known as Z Oz the scores are
tabulated as an average out of 5 stars
and on the device it says four out of
five stars being satisfied but anything
less than perfect drags a score down and
has the potential to hurt the server so
I'll give you a few examples here are
some specific employees who spoke out
about this when Felicia earns ßièsq
scores dropped the Illinois smoky bones
location where she worked cut a table
from her section costing her between 30
and 40 dollars a night then there was
Steve Corso a former chili server a drop
in scores meant getting stuck working in
the kitchen where he struggled to make
his rent he lives in San Francisco
one person was quoted as saying if we
get more than three write-ups in a
certain amount of time we get terminated
and so some might be thinking okay well
I mean if they weren't good at their job
and and the patron is complaining about
it I mean it's on them isn't it
except they also get rated on parts of
the restaurant that they're not
responsible for so if the food wasn't
satisfactory that's not on them it's
obviously on
chef or the cook in the back and so they
shouldn't be penalized for it but
oftentimes they are if the food took too
long to get to them it's not really
their fault so they give us specific
examples like that something's that on
the menu
exactly let's say so one person one
former employee gave an example of
fireball that really disgusting like
cinnamon drink that makes me sick every
time I drink it they didn't have it they
didn't have it by the way if you guys
are sponsor fireballs awesome okay I do
drink fireball fireball the restaurant
didn't have that drink
and so the patron you know marked points
off of the waiter or waitress and that
kind of sucks yeah okay I'm the bad guy
in this story not buying it so look I'm
conflicted on it on the one hand it does
feel like an episode of black mirror
where we're all constantly getting rated
and we're like a cold sweat panic over
being rated by our fellow human beings
and there's something a little cruel
about that so I get it I understand that
part on the other hand have you been in
an uber and than a taxi recently I have
and and in the uber well let's start
with the taxi I went in taxi are you
normally take ubers and lyft's I take a
taxi the other day and it's it's super
hot can we get the a/c going a little
bit no whatever don't care all right
doesn't talk to you right right nothing
yeah it doesn't talk to you yadda yadda
'some okay I hear you that's up to you
whether you like that or not you go into
an uber and they're like can I fan you
personally
I'll get your water I'm gonna get you
this I'm gonna get you that why cuz
they're being rated but they're being
rated for the job they're doing whereas
at a restaurant it's very different I
mean if you're getting marked down
because someone orders a medium-rare
burger and it comes out medium that's
not fair to you as a waiter and waitress
and we're talking about like we always
talk about defending the powerless
people who work in the food service
industry they call
is powerless a lot of them don't even
make minimum wage because of how pay is
structured for people who wait on tables
so no I'm not buying it I think this is
ridiculous their jobs are already
stressful enough you know I don't have
you so as a stand-up comedian those of
you who hate when I say that I'm doing
it just for you I went I was writing a
bit on Yelp and I started reading Yelp
reviews and I don't know if you've ever
been that bored when you say what I
learned about a lot of places like
people were yelping and giving people
low ratings because the curtains didn't
match the drapes it was a crying baby in
a restaurant so when when you are
responsible like it's come on man if the
food is good and the place is clean and
they meet cold and standard and they
can't afford to have the nice drapes
that you want or the paintings that you
want should they get a bad rating no
vicious so I used to write really I used
to write negative well I still write
yelp reviews but I have a rule now I
only write positive Yelp reviews unless
someone has really done me wrong right
but I realized one time I wrote a really
negative one I was about to publish it
and I realized this could really cost
someone their job and I stopped because
at the end of the day you know I don't
have to ever go back there and for me
you know it's better to not ever go to
that restaurant again
and just save someone their job maybe
they had a bad day I don't want that on
me you know what I'm saying you know one
of the most pernicious idioms in America
is the customer is always right where
it's the worst it creates the situation
where we feel entitled because we have
departed with our money that the person
in front of us becomes our servant it
has to cater to our every whim and what
it does is it creates a culture that's
anti solid ristic that creates divisions
among us it forces us to compete with
each other all the time which is exactly
what they want
obviously right because that that makes
us that makes us weaker on the whole you
know like this is a this is something
that is very very much
an American thing that you know we are
the king when we are at the Chili's and
that they must do everything in their
power to make sure that we are a
satisfied customer
ya know I'm still gonna fight you guys
okay so on the first I give you guys
this Ben mango says this often on the
show nobody ever calls how's my driving
to say fantastic right you know those
little bumper stickers they have on
their cars right and Ben doesn't
everyone so he'll bother to call up and
go you're sure he's fine Oh calls us how
dare you you cut me off et cetera
so I understand that phenomenon I
understand that you know they can't do
anything about the baby that's in the
restaurant that's not the waiters fault
to somebody else brought on a baby what
do you want him to be Donald Trump rip
the baby away from the restaurant and
it's I get all that but look we're those
ratings if the manager is is shallow
enough that three ratings came in this
afternoon and you're done
he's an idiot and you should rate the
manager poorly right but over a long
period of time they probably are
indicative oh because well you just said
right now is such a Republican talking
point well if you don't like the way
your boss is treating you then it's free
market just quit and go work somewhere
else oh no I don't say that no I didn't
say that maybe arguably what I said is
worse no we don't and you're about ready
to see what happens when you do that
ever gonna do that no but look guys it's
you need a way to evaluate the workers
right you do and so you could either do
it by God like which then leads the
manager to have more power and and to
some degree more indiscriminate power I
like the way that person looks I don't
like the way that person talks etc
because they're making decisions they're
making decisions on who gets what shifts
how many shifts they get and are they
hired or not hired gonna do that that's
worse yeah so that's a great point Ida
it is so these are all good points this
is not a black and white issue where you
guys are all 100% wrong and I'm 100
percent right which is normally the case
but none of this case but in all
seriousness but what it does do is it it
does democratize it to some degree for
better and for worse so I don't want to
see what I'm saying you know I don't
want anybody serving me to be paranoid
and nervous because we're all you're
gonna be subject it's the manager's job
to employ a competent crew it's the
manager's job not the public do you
understand how moody some people are i
watch other customers and sometimes I
overtook my server because another
customer treated them back or another
server you know what I mean yeah you
you're putting power in the wrong hands
and it is like that black mirror episode
and everywhere we go now even comedians
are rated on Yelp and so now the Laugh
Factory is rated about if somebody comes
in and they don't like cursing they they
write reviews and they give the club a
bad rating so the club doesn't want to
book the comedian's because they got a
bad rating because somebody who doesn't
like Carson came to a car turns us all
into snitches it creates anxiety in the
culture you know like it leads to just
you're constantly being like everything
you do yeah you know you can tear
someone else down and Jake like think
about it in this context in our context
imagine you're not you know someone who
has any power in the company you're just
an employee right can you imagine
if someone comes to you and says hey
Jake we're not gonna let you host the
main show anymore because a bunch of
viewers were complaining about how they
don't like the titles to the videos you
don't title the videos right so why are
you gonna face the consequences for that
yeah look these are all good points very
good points but the manager is gonna
make a decision on who gets the ships
and who has the job and who doesn't have
the job us like turn us not having to
see that it's kind of us not wanting to
see how the sausage is made
so then we feel better about ourselves
but those decisions get made anyway and
that guy is gonna have half his salary
and not be able to pay his rent anyway
based on that because somebody's gonna
have the waiter job - somebody's gonna
have the the the dishwasher job and so
those are the realities look on the
other hand I do agree with you guys that
I feel bad about it
I don't want to be put in that position
as a customer because I fancy myself a
good guy I don't know if this
conversation proves it but but like I
don't want to rate them I don't want it
to be my job and my responsibility to
determine their fate because that makes
me feel bad right and so I and so that's
the legitimate concern - and now that we
all know that that could cost people
their jobs now I feel more stressed out
eating it eating out whatever happened
to it shall reflect in the gratuity that
is how you rate your server and if they
know that they're getting low tips then
they know they need to make some
adjustments but there are some really
mean people out there and they're people
who look down on servers and people who
don't know I I personally when I was out
on a dating market I would watch to see
how who I was with would treat a server
because that's very you know that
indicates how they feel about people and
how they treat others I just think we're
giving the wrong people see this thing
about the Conservatives but getting
really angry when a server says no
problem instead of you're welcome we've
seen this whole thing
no flakes you know what you're like face
loud they go no problem it's like of
course it's not a problem the customer
the customer is the dictator okay super
last thing I'll give you guys this too I
once wrote a script I put it into
project greenlight this was a million
and a half years ago right and everybody
there was five people who rated it was a
community rating system and and and
every really liked it oh my god it's
plenty of this that except one person
hated it and gave it one star and killed
it okay why are you trying to kill
somebody script Jane two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
