thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt Donald Trump
has been mocking Elizabeth Warren after
she claimed that part of her family
heritage includes Native American
ancestry and so he calls her Pocahontas
over and over again and during one rally
in Montana in July Trump even offered
her some money to take a DNA test to
prove that she has Native American
heritage take a look when she proclaims
a tease of Indian heritage because her
mother said she has high cheekbones
that's her only evidence that her mother
said she had high cheekbones
we will take that little kit and say but
we have to do it gently because we're in
the me two generations who have to be
very gentle and we will very gently take
that kit and we will slowly toss it
hoping it doesn't hit her and injure her
arm even though it only weighs probably
two ounces and we will say I will give
you a million dollars to your favorite
charity paid for by Trump if you take
the test that it shows you're an idiot
you know well Elizabeth Warren has taken
a DNA test she released the results in a
YouTube video and we're gonna show you a
few portions of it in just a second but
just to give you some background
information on it the test conducted by
Stanford University professor Carlos
Bustamante a genetics and genomics
expert concludes that there is strong
evidence that warns DNA sample of
primarily European descent also contains
Native American ancestry from an
ancestor in the samples pedigree six to
ten generations ago alright so by the
way Bustamante concludes with 99%
confidence that Warren's DNA sample
contains five genetic segments spanning
twelve point three million DNA bases
which are Native American in origin and
he said in the original quote that it
was strong evidence so Donald Trump
should appreciate that it's got strong
in it well I want to show you a few
snippets from her video and then the
response from Trump and his cronies is
hilarious so let's take a quick look at
what Elizabeth Warren's video contained
hi I'm Carlos Bustamante I have advised
companies in the direct consumer space
including ancestry.com 23andme and he
in this under genome we did find five
segments of Native American ancestry
with very high confidence where we
believe the error rate is less than one
in a thousand now the president likes to
call my mom a liar what are the facts
say that you absolutely have a Native
American ancestor in your pedigree we
come from Oklahoma when we were born
they said these are the parents these
are your grandparents these are your
aunts and uncles their word was always
their bones they were not that's right
well that's not Betsy's man's thing I'm
not enrolled in a tribe and only tried
to determine tribal citizenship I
understand and respect that distinction
but my family history is my family
history so that should do it that's
definitive Donald Trump owes a charity
or a choice a million dollars you want
to guess whether he's gonna pay it
well his view of a charity is a sham
it's a scam that you run to enrich
yourself so not very likely but she's
stone cold busted him those are our
brothers in that living room that you
saw in that portion of the tape and at
least two of them in the video said were
Republicans and so that's normal in a
family the Republicans and Democrats
they're like yeah but our mom told us
the same story about how we were Native
American and it turns out they were
Native American right now of course it's
not gonna appease the Republicans
because they're like well we don't want
to pass up a good opportunity to be
racist and they like calling her
Pocahontas so now how is that not
offensive if she's not Native American
does that make the racial taunts better
if she is Native American does it make
it better or worse so none of the things
that Donald Trump has ever said on this
issue has ever made any sense or any of
the Republicans even before Donald Trump
and and it was obvious from day one but
I'm glad she took the DNA test want to
just end it for good number two so that
we're clear that Donald Trump owes are a
million dollars no ands ifs or buts I'll
get into contractual issues in a second
and why it's a valid card
right but let me show you a video that I
did back in 2012 this was pre Trump
Trump of course has always made it worse
but Scott Brown had started this against
her when they were running for Senate
against each other in Massachusetts and
at the time the Republican voters and
supporters of Scott Brown had started
doing tomahawk chops around her okay so
and now mind you this is pre DNA test
this issue never made any sense this is
what I said back in 2012 they had a
really stretch and they came out with
Elizabeth Warren was checked off that
she was part Native American auto accept
did her mother is partly a Native
American she came apparently she's part
Cherokee and part Delaware Indian so she
didn't make it up it's actually totally
true so what do you have on her I don't
get it and she filled this stuff out
after she had her job it wasn't like I'm
Cherokee and please give me the job so
this is the dumbest silliest controversy
I have seen in a long time but
nevertheless it persisted okay and this
really I mean all the way back then well
the dumbest talking points ever first of
all how would you know that she's not
Native American by just looking at her
what a preposterous claim anybody could
be 1/16 anything and you would never
know so how could they have been
positive that she wasn't Native American
what is this starting point was stupid
and it only got worse from there number
two and the most important part of this
whole thing she never ever claimed in
any job application that she was a
minority and that she should be in a
minority category to use affirmative
action
no one ever made that claim in the video
she had all the people who had hired her
at different jobs and they all said no
we didn't hire her as a minority she
never checked that off and we hired her
because she was one of the top law
professors in the country
and everybody knew that and so if she
didn't use it to her advantage even if
it were not true what and it is now it's
definitive what would a different sort
of made right so for example in our
family lore no one's really sure but
they think that we I might be 1/8
Kurdish I don't know if that's true or
not
have I ever checked off on an
application I'm Kurdish and I should get
some sort of benefit for that no it does
it wouldn't make any sense it wouldn't
work here anyway
in Turkey maybe it might work but I
would I wouldn't do that and I didn't do
that
so it is irrelevant it is irrelevant
from the get-go
so why did the Republicans focus on this
so much all the way through Trump for
two reasons one they really have nothing
on her they never had anything on her
back then they don't have anything on
her today the fact is she does fight for
the American people
she helps set up the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau that returned billions
of dollars to the American taxpayers
that they had been defrauded from the
banks that's why the Republicans hate
her and why they can't find a good way
to attack her because when you when they
say oh my god she took money that the
bank's cheated from you and gave it back
to you well that didn't work no let's
call her something else Hey and so she's
populist in all those ways and so it
opens up no lines of attack then now and
the second reason why they use this line
of attack was it's racist so they're
like oh great it we will call in case of
Donald Trump well colored polka this
will do tomahawk chops and one of the
Republicans and it's in the video does
the Native American you know I don't
want to repeat it but you get it the war
call etcetera and so they were like yes
our base will love being racist against
Native Americans this is gonna work
great
it likes all substance is perfect for
Republicans it's incredible the the
examples of double standards we have in
politics at this very moment first of
all I don't care about her heritage I
don't care if she's 100% white I don't
care if she's 100% Native American I
don't care if she's I don't know and I
just don't care
I
want to know what she stands for what
she's gonna do for the American people
what's her voting record those are
things that people just don't care about
anymore in politics and it drives me
crazy secondly if you're going first
she's already proven something right but
let's say it was a lie and it turns out
that she has absolutely no Native
American ancestry so so what right and
and by the way who knows like we're told
all sorts of things from our parents
right well we don't know what's true
that's why I brought up the courtesy
otherwise it's irrelevant I don't know
if that's true but some people on our
family believe it's true the people who
believe that were from two generations
ago they obviously didn't take a DNA
test but it doesn't mean there were
Liars that's what they believed and they
pass it on to my parents who pass it on
to me so it's not a lie it's just
something that your mom told you exactly
right yeah my mom told me all sorts of
wonderful things about myself growing up
most of them aren't true so that's fine
right but anyway moving on with with
Trump I mean if you're going to go after
her for allegedly lying about something
like that
well what about your president right
what about this person who lies on an
hourly basis about all sorts of things
in fact let me give you an example of a
recent lie in regard to this very story
so you guys saw the video yourselves
Trump said that he would give her a
million dollars to the charity of her
choice and so she tweeted and and
mentioned the charity that she would
like him to give the million dollars to
in fact she wants the money to go to the
National Indigenous Women's Resource
Center which helps support Native
American victims of sexual violence okay
and what was Trump's response to all of
that while reporters asked him hey Chuck
the DNA test you're supposed to pay a
million dollars to the charity of her
choice what are you gonna do now and he
said quote who cares I didn't say that
you better read it again no but but you
did say that it's untain say that it's
not only on tape it's in the video she
released showing you were wrong so we
all just saw it on this particular issue
we just showed it to you a little
earlier in this clip where he says or
you know lightly toast it to her
and if she's you know she takes it and
turns out she's an Indian I will give a
million dollars to her I know it's so
unbelievable we have to keep repeating
it today he said I didn't say it
unbelievable it's I mean there's no
words left for how pathological he is in
terms of of the lies it's nonstop and
Ana you're right I had not thought about
it in that context of the irony in the
Apocrypha as it relates to this story
they accuse her of lying about her
Native American heritage which is not
true while the other guy lies about
everything everything so he finally
built his wall it's a wall of lies and
they look good that's fine that's fine
I mean macca guys you just saw him both
of those quotes right next to each other
what are you gonna say what are you
gonna say he's a liar he's a super
obvious liar you got nothing oh yeah but
on the other head
Pocahontas yeah we're making fun of you
okay that's what Republican Party is
reduced to a bunch of clowns two easy
ways follow young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
