T Whitey's got a new audio network guys
so you're gonna love it we got our
existing shows but on top of that we've
got a whole new slate of shows coming
out that are in podcast form including
the Jimmy Dore show so now nobody does
comedy like Jimmy
he is super aggressive and sometimes
harsh and often irreverent but he's
gonna give it to you like he sees it
there's no question about that so you're
gonna love this podcast he's gonna have
some of the top comedians and comedy
writers on there so if you want to check
that out along with the entire audio
network go to T y-t-dot-com slash audio
to new government reports have revealed
that the Department of Housing and Urban
Development has systematically failed in
its responsibility to oversee both
inspections of public housing with
potential lead paint problems and also
remove the lead paint that they find now
I want to give you an idea of the
consequences the human consequences and
then the breadth of this problem because
it's staggering so first of all cases of
children poisoned by lead are not always
identified and followed up on in a
timely manner
documentation of lead-based paint
inspections and efforts to remove
hazards are often missing in complete or
not routed to the right place if they
just throw them all over the place
and right now housing authorities in
southern Illinois and New York City face
federal accusations of failing to
inspect for lead-based paint and to
remove it or clean it out where it's
found while falsely telling HUD that
they had done so and that's actually led
to some fairly significant fines for
that which of course is justifiable and
now let's talk about the scope of these
new reports of the roughly 7,000 public
housing developments nationwide lead
paint inspections were submitted for
about 2,700 they're supposed to inspect
all of them a spokesman for the HUD
inspector general was unable to account
for the status of the other 4,000 the
GAO also faulted HUDs were failing to
hold housing authorities accountable
consistently in a timely manner and for
relying too heavily on the honor system
or what we in America call self
regulation which does not typically work
out too well and to give you an idea I
talked about the fines new york city
found last november that the housing
authority failed to conduct mandatory
lead-based paint inspections for four
years the housing authorities chairwoman
resigned in the wake of that scandal
in New York City agreed to spend 1.2
billion dollars over five years to
settle so that was four years these two
new reports though document a failure to
conduct these expections over a far
longer time horizon yeah so one of the
most interesting articles I've read
since I've been doing the United SATs a
long long time was an excellent series
of studies on the effect of lead on on
human beings and so first of all we know
for with great certainty that it affects
the brain development of children and so
lower IQs but the most interesting part
was it greatly increases the propensity
for crime and so we stopped using lead
in the paint in this country in 1978
before that unfortunately it was in the
paint cuz we didn't know we didn't know
the harmful consequences and so and
there was a lot of lead in the in the
gas as well and so that would go into
into the air and it affected us and and
those studies showed that the drop in
crime that began was very likely due to
the fact that we stopped using lead and
that's amazing I'm totally surprised by
it I did not expect that at all but
there was excellent evidence to indicate
that so and and of course it's you need
the kids who were born past 78 to grow
up and then to commit crime at a lower
rates than the kids who grew up earlier
than that and and then they showed the
the numbers in a very convincing way so
but even if you don't believe that
particular part of it we know for with
great certainty that let it affects so
many issues regarding our health but
most importantly like I said in brain
development so one it's an excellent
case for regulation and that regulation
help to save untold number of lives
number two we know this already for
God's sake go and inspect all the
housing projects done before 1978 it's
this is and it's great bang for your
buck if you will I mean if you want to
if you care about protecting the
American people it it might be as good
of money as you can spend on any project
and in fact the
in the past should get a lot of credit
which they mention here for the great
work they have done and removing the
lead from a lot of the housing projects
but for some of them like the ones here
highlighted in Illinois in New York to
say yeah sure we did it yeah which is a
in their cases was a total lie and did
not actually inspect it or remove it
when you know the consequences of it
it's pretty heartbreaking that there was
human beings who looked at them thought
I don't really care about those kids I
just want my job to be a little bit
easier so I'm not gonna do that
I think what's troubling us too that
they they believed housing authorities
saying they know it's okay you don't
have to check I mean their job is not to
believe it's to check mm-hmm and I think
that's where the one of the main
failures is in here I also think I mean
there's a lot of reasons to oppose the
the tax bill that they passed earlier
this year I mean 1.8 trillion dollars
could pay for almost anything that you
could think of but it could eat like we
often hear man removing the lead paint
is complicated difficult very expensive
replacing lead pipelines very expensive
very complicated it would cost a lot of
money and we could have done it
nationwide many times over rather than
give 1.8 trillion dollars to the
wealthiest Americans and corporations we
could have done that and then gotten
look at had a gigantic party afterward
and it would have been amazing because
we would be able to say even if for
everything else that Donald Trump had
done if he had chosen that instead that
would be one of the largest challenges
that we as a country or even as members
of a species had confronted that we had
accidentally poisoned ourselves on this
mass level and finally we had taken a
responsibility and done what was
necessary to actually fix it we have
occasionally done that as a species we
fought back against acid rain when we
found out what was going on we fought
back against the expanding hole in the
ozone layer when we found out what was
going on thanks to the power of
collective action and also government
regulation this could be another
instance of this but they have different
economic priorities yeah and it's
heartbreaking to me because I mean there
are other countries around the world to
have gotten these kind of things right
when it comes to this or housing health
care education I live in the Middle East
in a war-torn country
and these are the kind of things that
you see there you're like well there's
nothing we can do about it but in
America we have all the resources that
we need to get the job done but there
are people who are legitimately greedy
and evil when you hear about these
stories who don't want to do anything
about it don't want to appropriate more
funds to get more qualified people to
take care of the job and it's it's
heartbreaking
ya know that's a great point Tamar
because you can't say in the richest
nation in the world there's nothing we
could do about it
no we are choosing our priorities and
the priority we just chose pretty much
the only thing that the Trump
administration got done was a giant tax
cut for the rich
on average the top 1% got a 61 thousand
dollar tax cut every single year and so
they they prioritize that gigantic tax
cut for the top one percent and they D
prioritize the rest of us including
these kids and the people that live in
these projects and I don't know if
there's a fruitless exercise I know
everyone's a lot running to you guys and
you say you got converted from being
conservative to to being a caring human
being by watching this show so I hope
it's not fruitless but but I try to
address the right-wing if you're a right
winger and you think a doze are poor
people I don't care about him leave race
out of it they're just poor and I'm not
poor so I don't care
but remember lead effects the brain
development which there's excellent case
to be made that it affects crime so the
crime does affect you so I know that's
one of the things that right-wing cares
a lot about the crime the crime the
crime so if you actually want to lower
crime this is the first priority that
you would have and that goes to
protecting your own family so under any
way of looking at it
there should be an enormous priority for
America unfortunately there's not a lot
of people in housing projects who are
political donors right so the donors
went again and the rest of us lose again
to easy ways for Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
