T Whitey's got a new audio network guys
so you're gonna love it we got our
existing shows but on top of that we've
got a whole new slate of shows coming
out that are in podcast form including
the Jimmy Dore show so now nobody does
comedy like Jimmy
he is super aggressive and sometimes
harsh and often irreverent but he's
gonna give it to you like he sees it
there's no question about that so you're
gonna love this podcast he's gonna have
some of the top comedians and comedy
writers on there so if you want to check
that out along with the entire audio
network go to T y-t-dot-com slash audio
I don't know exactly what Trump
supporters are wanting out of Trump
right now but I do know what they're
getting and what they're getting is
false equivalence between completely
innocent undocumented immigrants
especially children and criminals like
in ms-13 because that has been outside
of that one tweet in the morning the
rest of the day that's what he's been
talking about here he is once again
appearing on stage with the families of
victims killed by immigrants I presume
nine-year-old undocumented immigrants
since he's doing it right now but that
is what his messaging is so here is a
bit of his speech these are the American
citizens permanently separated from
their loved ones the word permanently
being the word that you have to think
about permanently they're not separated
for a day or two days these are
permanently separated because they were
killed by criminal illegal aliens these
are the families the media ignores no
major networks and cameras to their
homes or display the images of their
incredible loved ones of course the
nightly news they don't do that they
don't talk about the death and
destruction caused by people that
shouldn't be here people that will
continuously get into trouble and do bad
things so every one of those cases is
obviously a tragedy and I'm sure that
every one of those families appreciates
having a politician who at least appears
to have their back even though he is
transparently using them as props to
distract people from the horrific policy
that he's been forced to backtrack on
those kids that were being separated had
not recently murdered him there
since their family members had not
murdered Americans and we know I'll say
it again doesn't matter it will never
sink into the heads of people who want
to hate these immigrants immigrants in
America both undocumented and documented
commit crimes at lower rates than
native-born Americans I'm talking about
burglary I'm talking about murder I'm
talking about rape I'm talking about all
sorts of crimes like that there are far
more law-abiding for fairly obvious
reasons particularly if they're
undocumented because of the obvious
consequences of committing crimes and it
being found out but it doesn't matter he
wants you to think
immigrant murderer immigrant rapist and
so that's why he continually has been
tweeting in all caps today about people
being murdered by immigrants he talks
about ms-13 and then Steve King who
might literally be the most high-profile
white supremacist in the country right
now he tweeted this he sees a picture of
the of some of these kids and he says oh
yeah there are young boys all old enough
to be tried as adults they're not being
tried for anything by the way but he
immediately goes to some sort of
criminal liability they can serve in the
military they're also prime ms-13 gang
material and certainly grew up in the
culture of one of the top ten most
violent countries in the world although
to be fair it could just be some sort of
reflex because when I look back at
photos growing up of me and my friends
sometimes I'll say they're prime school
shooters you know they're prime rapists
they're prime all these things that
white males in this country are far more
likely to do than illegal immigrants if
you see it you just have to say the
crimes that they're likely to commit
that's what Steve King will say I'm
really glad you bring up the fact of
facts because there was a study that was
just discussed today from the Cato
Institute in the Cato Institute is not
you know known as a progressive
Institute it's a libertarian Institute
but they basically were looking at the
last couple decades of of immigration
and in sort of isolating areas of
extreme immigration and where
immigration had increased the population
in those areas and so forth and they
found that in those areas there been a
reduction in in burglaries a 42%
reduction in murders of 47 percent
there's actually been facts and real
numbers and real statistics to back up
what's the real situation as opposed to
just throwing out the
dia that somehow because someone's
coming from somewhere else
they are ms-13 ms-13 or-or-or list and
listening for oh yeah really fast just
because the news move so fast that we we
forget about so much but Steve King is
the guy who last week retweeted a
neo-nazi a neo-nazi with a long history
everybody knows who he is there's
absolutely no reason that he would be
seeing this man's tweets unless he knew
who he was and nothing happened
absolutely nothing no censure Republican
Party didn't want say anything about it
and I miss colleagues wanted to say
anything about it and weirdly now he's
going on and he's attacking these
immigrant children yes so when I see him
saying that these are prime material for
for gangs like ms-13 what does that mean
so they're not part of ms-13 and they're
kids so when you look at a Latino kid
you think because you just said it I
didn't say you said it in your tweet oh
that Latino kid looks like someone who's
gonna be in a gang one day hmm so that
admission of racism is startling and
it's I'm kind of blown away that that he
gets he's a United States congressman if
you don't know I mean it's not like he's
a local country bumpkin that got elected
to some board but it was a mistake and
they're gonna get him out next time and
he's been reelected even those white
supremacy is clear he said earlier that
we need that white people need to make
more babies because we don't to protect
culture their culture so his list of
white supremacist sayings are through
the roof it reminded me of Dick Cheney
when you wanted to obfuscate about Iraq
he was asked well did Iraq attack us on
9/11 now the correct answer is they did
not he said well the attackers of 9/11
came from the same area of the world as
Iraq leaving out the fact that the area
of the world that he's referring to is
yes the Middle East in general but
specifically Saudi Arabia fifteen out of
the nineteen hijackers which is one of
our top allies so I didn't you know we
didn't want to attack Saudi Arabia even
though that's where the attackers came
from
so instead we attack Iraq and Cheney's
logic was no they kind of look similar
don't they so why don't we just attack
the wrong country so that's what you get
out of racism and and in Cheney's case
he was doing it for a political purpose
right Steve King yes did the demagoguery
is a political purpose but I think that
he also means it he really is an actual
racist and and if I can I mean you know
even on this campaign like with my
opponents I was profiled around Latino
Arab American I get it I get it my
existence is the resistance of what some
people say but the truth is you know we
we tell we try to make sure that Trump
doesn't over generalize my community our
communities or any community but we also
have to make sure not to over generalize
his supporters we can't conflate Trump
with his supporters and I think they're
just picking sides and they're
tolerating a lot of this BS from Trump
but if you drill down you talk to them
for example I tell them look you know
who the biggest victims of undocumented
immigrant crime are other undocumented
immigrants but they can't report it
because they'll be deported and if you
gave them status they would report those
bad actors quicker than ice could get
them and if you care about that issue
then the best thing to do is to give
status to every undocumented person who
doesn't have a criminal background and
give them a legal pathway toward
citizenship they will report those bad
actors quicker than anybody else because
they came here to flee that so Omar you
and I have a shade of difference on that
and it is a shade it's not completely
different so I I do often times
criticized Republican voters Trump
supporters etc because this is the guy
that you put into office and then you
see what he's doing and you're still
with them so okay then there's some
degree of culpability but I think that a
lot of this Steve King supporters might
see that tweet and until you break down
the stereotypes built into the tweet
they might go yeah yeah I mean those
guys could be ms-13 one day when they
hear Trump speak they think well I mean
that's true they're not in the news
they're not talking about all the crime
and these poor families but when you go
wait a minute there's local news report
crime like that all the time oh yeah it
does doesn't it right wait why did he
say the Latino kids look like they might
be ms-13 but not about the other
well I mean I okay and then those kids
actually do anything to deserve that
designation would it be fair if we did
that to your kids so let's say that
there's a whatever it might be like in
Mississippi the majority of gangs are
white gangs for example so if you're in
a part of Mississippi that has a biker
gang or is it okay to assume that your
kid's gonna be a biker criminal that
does murder and rape
that's not fair right and you break it
down like that I think I hope a lot of
Kings voters will then go well yeah no
you're right that's that's not the right
way to look at it but I think that the
shade of difference is the in the
beginning they look at that and go yeah
yes Kings right Trump is right and and
that is troubling yeah I see that and
also that's also true for Hunter
supporters they have these views but
they're not rock-ribbed if you could
drill down and point out the kind of
inconsistencies they're like yeah you're
right
and so I think there's hope there but I
think without us doing our job of
communicating to people about the
nuances and how we could you know make
our country safer it's not by demonizing
everybody but it sometimes requires to
embolden some people you know the
anti-venom comes from the venom itself
so sometimes emboldening these
communities might be the best antidote
to addressing the concerns that come
from them yeah and so last thing is what
John mentioned to you the percentage of
crime so the undocumented immigrants
could commit less crime it's a fact it's
documented in all the studies I can give
you nasa's anecdote on top just because
it's fun and in california if a lot of
times joke around that if you see
someone driving really really carefully
it's probably somebody who's on
documentas right okay
and so but you don't need that anecdote
the numbers bear it out
so when Trump and the others emphasize
the crime committed by the people who
commit less crime on average that gives
you a sense that it's not the crime
they're worried about it's is who did it
and they have a different purpose and
the purpose is to demonize those people
that they have selected and yes and
really fast there are some fairly
high-profile cases if you're a fan of
reading history of governments talking
over unnecessarily focusing on the crime
of a particular community to turn a
country against that
it didn't end well two easy ways for
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
