what people don't understand is that the
children have a right to be here right
so they're their asylum seekers so they
call diesel the people illegals most of
the children are our asylum seekers
meaning they're fleeing horrific
violence and oh poor oppression or
political and it's something or fleeing
and what's really happening is they're
fleeing the the drug war
so the neoliberalism the illiberal
really that's a really fleeing
neoliberalism so our stupid drug war in
Central America has made things more
violent and they're fleeing so that's
what and so when those kids get here and
if they are appointed a lawyer nine
times out of ten they get to stay here
if they're appointed a lawyer if they're
appointed a lawyer which most times
they're not but if they are and we're
gonna get to that part of the story too
and in just a minute in just a minute
I'm gonna get to that part but what I
wanted to show you now is here's Kamala
Harris
so Kamala Harris was on MSNBC and she
was at I saw a lot of people are calling
for they just get rid of ice just they
were calling for the Democrats to stand
up into fund ice and say we're not gonna
fund any more you won't get our votes
you won't be able to pass by you won't
be able to do this stuff we're gonna
filibuster we're gonna buck there now of
course the Democrats aren't gonna do
that they wouldn't even stand up for
daca they rolled over like that I'm
doctor the Democrats what good are they
nothing so a lot of people are calling
for the abolishment of ice now remember
ice was invented after 9/11 we didn't
ever had ice until after 9/11 and so
when they invented ice to deal with
immigration they put it on the
Department of Homeland Security and what
does that do that says that immigration
is a threat to our homeland security
that means you treat immigrants as
potential terrorists our whole goddamn
cut which is how big of a switch is that
from give me your poor tired huddled
masses yearning to be free and now hey
those huddled masses are probably
terrorists better lock them up that's
how far we've come in this country so
here's comely
Harris she's considered I wait to you
hear this she's considered the leading
progressive on immigration issues in the
Senate Kamala Harris so you'd think
she'd be for getting rid of ice because
we already have input well here's here
she is here's what she says should I
suggest should ice exist
it was certainly when we're talking
about people so first of all she says
certainly should ice exist not like well
I understand the calls to abolish it we
certainly didn't need it up before 2001
I don't know why we need it now we have
sir we have police force in place to
deal with criminals we already have an
AI NS service she didn't say that she
goes certainly did you see her initial
reaction was like like like what are you
crazy kind of question she wasn't
expecting the question right she's like
that's a dumb question yeah yeah she'd
Isis should ice exists here we go should
I suggest should ice exists it will
certainly when we're talking about
people who have committed serious and
violent crimes you know I mean Chris you
know my background I'm a prosecutor I
believe that there needs to be serious
severe and Swift consequence when people
commit serious and violent crimes the
one human being kills another human
being a woman is raped a child not is
molested there needs to be serious
consequence what does that have to do
with what what does that have to do with
ice if someone commits a serious crime
like they molest someone rape someone
murder someone by the way doesn't she
sound just like Trump when she's talking
about immigrants she does that's what
Trump sounds like I thought she was
talking about the the people in ice yeah
that's what I thought you right for a
second I was like there really that's a
tough make sense yeah
murderers or rapists that you know we
got a form of you know a group of them
and you're given government you know
give my gun your my gun so what she's
saying is that of course we should have
ice because immigrants are rapists and
murderers who does that sound like that
sounds like Trump and guess what Kamala
Harris you cop everyone already knows
that we already have as a system set up
to deal with crimes like murder and rape
what's it called its called a goddamn
police force if somebody commits a
murder or a rape there's a cop around
you investing
and if that in if it's an immigrant who
did it they go to trial and if they're
guilty they get deported that's how it
works
you don't need this extra agency called
ice which was invented after 9/11 that
treats immigrants like terrorists that's
not needed Jimmy you're mistaken I'm
sorry before 2001 each other before ice
if an immigrant committed a violent
crime there was nothing to be done yeah
this scot-free no laws no yeah they it
was likely a diplomatic immunity that's
right so that here's this has come out
Harris pretending and what he said that
before ice existed when immigrants
committed crimes nothing nothing at all
damn it I wish I could do something I
wish they would invent an organization
that prosecutes criminals when they
commit crimes
I mean immigrants I wish they wouldn't
but why would I think what are we we
deal with what do we need 9/11 before we
start prosecuting murderers by immigrant
that's crazy so back to Kamala Harris
let's see how she ends this certainly if
they are undocumented they should be
deported if they commit those serious
and violent offenses so yes ice has a
purpose ice has a role I should exist
you tell me what's the difference
between that and what Donald Trump says
you tell me what's different about that
and what Donald Trump says go ahead in
the comments or wherever you're watching
this and whatever platform please let me
know how is that different from what
Donald Trump that's exactly what Jeff
Sessions is saying that's exactly what
Laura Ingraham is saying that's exactly
what Donald Trump is saying Kamala
Harris the senator from the bluest of
blue states
sounds like a racist Nazi that's what
she sounds like
that's Kamala Harris that's what she
sounds like when she says that hashtag
resistance
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
