so Elizabeth Warren proofs today that if
she doesn't they have she does have
Native American heritage and and Donald
Trump of course had famously said that
he would give her a million dollars if
she took a DNA test
eh even though he said to do that oh but
he did it's on tape of course so now she
says okay great give it to a charity for
a Native American victims of sexual
violence perfect okay it's called the
National Indigenous Women's Resource
Center now will Donald Trump give the
million dollars so with that we already
know the Institute no way
one of the reasons he won't give it is
because he's not that rich
he got 431 million dollars from his dad
but he scopes based on public publicly
available evidence likely he squandered
most of it I mean so that's why he used
his own charity to run scams and pay his
own legal bills which is deeply illegal
and and so by the way you should be
criminally prosecuted not just civilly
pursued for the scams he ran with his
charity let alone
Trump University which is another scam
that he had to pay twenty five million
dollars for because he's a perpetual
liar and a fraud and a con artist okay
so is he going to renege on this promise
of course he is he reneged on every
promise and and he doesn't have that
much money so he wouldn't want to part
with a million dollars if he actually
had ten billion dollars like he claims
million dollars would be nothing but oh
I wanted to help the Native American
woman anyway maybe it helps him
politically but he didn't have a million
dollars to throw around because he
squandered most of daddy's money okay
now the question is does he legally owe
it to her is this just a flippant remark
you know in a rally that he did or does
it have legal effect and the answer is
yes it has legal effect it is what it's
called a unilateral contract offer okay
and so for example I've done what I said
to Ted Cruz I challenge you to a debate
and all you have to do is come and
debate either you don't even have to win
so and I'll give you $10,000
okay so Ted Cruz can accept that at any
time the way that the contract becomes
valid is the person accepts
does the action that was required so if
Ted Cruz walks in right now and says
I'll debate you I own my ten thousand
dollars that's just the way it is that's
a real contractual offer okay the same
with Donald Trump when he makes the
offer she accepts she carries it out he
owes her a million dollars there is no
ambiguity in law right so about the only
thing he could claim and this has a
great twist to it is he can claim well I
mean it wasn't a real offer I was joking
it was an imaginary offer because it was
obviously a joke
now first of all it wasn't a joke he
said it very very clearly he said it in
a political context in a political rally
etc and everybody can see that with
their own eyes but secondarily and here
comes a twist
Bill Maher once made a five million
dollar offer to Donald Trump and Donald
Trump then accepted but but but and more
was clearly joking for a couple of
reasons one he's a comedian too his
claim was Donald Trump could not show
his own birth certificate because his
father was an orangutan that would be a
fairly clear joke right no matter how
much liberals might think poorly of
Donald Trump no one believes their
friend Trump was an actual orangutan
okay so but Donald Trump took it
seriously and had Michael Cohen at the
time his lawyer oh my god threatened to
sue Bill Maher saying you'll be five
million dollars here's my here's my DNA
test almost alright my birth certificate
showing that my dad was not an orangutan
give me the five million why cuz he's a
sad desperate little boy he doesn't have
much money and he's like oh I need bills
money I needed so bad I'm gonna yes yes
so he landed five million dollars from
Bill Maher so by is even his own
standard it makes no sense because if he
went to court and said no I was clearly
joking Elizabeth Warren's team would get
to say well Bill Maher said your dad was
an orangutan and you thought that wasn't
a joke you thought there was a serious
offer
so by that standard this is clearly a
very serious offer that you made her
according to your own public
statements he does over the million
dollars Wow there's no legal question
about that I'm so happy that you touched
on the a this angle of the story for a
couple of different reasons reason
number one that orangutan follow-up was
amazing I didn't know that he actually
broached alarms like give me the middle
of five million can I guess you'd be the
exact quote Anna thank you sorry he said
I don't think he was joking he said it
with venom that was venom what is what
it's Donald Trump dude I'm pretty sure
what he exudes going around talking
about Pocahontas it was said with venom
okay he says that wasn't a joke in fact
he was nervous when he said it it was a
pathetic delivery okay the second reason
why I love that you brought this up is
because you owe me money
oh alright so Jake and I made a bet it
was on the show it was in public it was
serious it was not a joke where you it
indicated that you believe that Trump
will be impeached prior to the midterm
election oh I know you're talking about
three weeks left hold on a recent
episode of old school with jr. Jackson
you conceded that you are wrong about
that okay so this is the problem with
people becoming members and then they
get to actually watch all the shows and
etc all right if you want to bust me on
all my statements become a member at TYT
calm /join and then you go watch old
school etc no seriously
no no I'm definitely gonna pay you I'm
not Donald Trump okay so I look I'm
gonna look run out the clock here
there's like twenty two days left but
I'm gonna lose that bet I was wrong on
the timing I talked about it in old
school that I talked about the two
classic mistakes I often make okay you
should check that up sort out just then
on that alone and that's one of them
timing and and I told and I'm wrong on
the timing of that and I will definitely
pay you I'm not a fraud like Donald
Trump and and and I don't say things I
don't mean right so so I meant that bet
and it's absolutely serious by the way
if you'd like we could go double or
nothing
before his first term
for sure oh yes I just got what do you
mean like before the four years is up
haha that he will and I didn't say in
peace by the way said impeach or resign
more likely resigned that he will leave
office before is the four years are up
you want to go double or nothing but
does that mean that I don't get paid for
the first initial but yeah that's called
double or no so she doesn't gamble okay
okay I'm so happy I got that money back
matching victory from the jaws of defeat
I'm so glad you brought it up okay and
and now I'll play this tape okay when
Donald Trump resigns when we could all
look forward to that day on the go don't
worry we got you covered
you still listen to T YT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
