TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio if you didn't think that the
situation at the border could get any
worse than stealing kids from their
parents and throwing them in camps you
were wrong
actually every day multiple times per
day more and more information is coming
out about how these kids are actually
treated once they're placed in
facilities whether in Texas or once
they're flown to various states around
the country and there's a lot that we
could focus on and we're choosing to
focus on the experience of kids at one
particular facility in Houston that is
the Shiloh treatment center where
they're being forcibly medicated in
pretty horrific ways so children held
there that's a government contractor
south of Houston kids were described as
being held down and injected with drugs
the lawsuit alleges that children were
told they would not be released or see
their parents unless they took
medication and that they were only there
that they were only going to be
receiving vitamins which of course is
not the case now thankfully there have
been professionals both medical and
legal professionals who've been
investigating this and talking with the
kids talking with their parents as well
which is why we're finding out so much
parents and the children themselves told
attorneys that the drugs rendered them
unable to walk afraid of people and
wanting to sleep constantly one mother
said her child fell repeatedly hitting
her head and ended up in a wheelchair a
child described trying to open a window
and being hurled against a door by a
Shilo supervisor who then choked her
until she fainted the kid said the
supervisor told me I was going to get a
medication injection to calm me down
two staff grabbed me and the doctor gave
me the injection despite my objection
and left me there on the bed there's a
lot more but uh yeah initial passes it's
pretty dark
yeah look unfortunately this has been
going on for quite some time I think
that the recent stories about the
tragedies the kids being separated from
their parents is now putting a light on
all the things that we are now doing now
and have been doing for quite some time
so I know that because there's a lawsuit
all the way back in 2008 where they
testified about this and and one of the
experts who testified about is
psychiatrist Mark J Mills said this is
like what the old Soviet Union used to
do he said they're giving him
anti-psychotic drugs you're see he said
you only are supposed to do that if
someone is in such a bad state they're
nearly trying to rip their own eyeballs
out like they have to be in horrific
situation for you to give these very
strong drugs to them yeah and in this
case no they don't it's kind of a pain
to take care of the kids and make sure
they don't act up because their kids
let's just load them up with
anti-psychotic drugs so they don't do
anything and they just mellow out in the
corner that's terrible terrible yeah I
mean these are so these facilities are
led by private contractors they're
effectively private prisons and the
people who run them and the people who
staff them act the same way that those
who run private prisons do and so at
this look at this particular facility I
mean they're they're gonna have kids
who've been separated but this
particular place has had problems for
years as we're going to describe people
have tried to shut it down in the past
and as you know I mean this has been
going on for a while before Donald Trump
was presidents been protected largely by
Republicans ever since but you have to
provide that context that the crisis
we're experiencing right now is
different it's unique from past
experiences but past experiences do
matter
nothing enrages me more than people who
attempt to diffuse actual concern and
activism over this by doing just endless
what about ISM and then what are you
supposed to do they don't actually care
about stopping Trump they just talk
about Obama but this stuff was happening
under Obama and previous presidents as
well so want to tell you a little bit
more about some of these kids
experiences another child were counted
being made to take pills in the morning
at noon and night the child said the
staff told me that some of the pills are
vitamins because they think I need to
gain weight the vitamins changed about
two times and each time I feel different
god only knows what the pills actually
were we don't honestly know now I want
to provide a little bit more contextual
information about this film facility
Shiloh is among 71 companies that
receive funds from the federal
government to house and supervise
immigrant children deemed unaccompanied
minors an investigation by reveal from
the Center for Investigative Reporting
found that nearly half of the 3.4
billion dollars paid to those companies
in the last four years went to homes
with serious allegations of mistreating
children in nearly all of the cases
reviewed by reveal the federal
government continued contracts with the
companies after serious allegations were
raised and those allegations include
things like mistreatment but also
physical abuse sexual abuse and things
of that sort
as we said there have been attempts to
shut down this particular facility were
focusing on the past back in December of
2014 representative Sheila jackson-lee a
Democrat of Houston called for Shiloh to
be shut down
citing reports from the Houston
Chronicle of quote physical violence
unreasonable and excessive use of
physical restraints administering
emergency medications without notice to
governmental authorities and several
deaths of minor children while in
custody unfortunately it was not shut
down at that point and there's been
quite a bit of reporting actually from
TYT investigates about how these
particular facilities do quite well and
get protected because their major
campaign donors to Republicans in Texas
and those Republicans then have their
backs and I want to talk about the total
amount of money they've gotten a US
Department of Health and Human Services
continued sending children and funds to
Shiloh a total of more than 19 million
dollars after Sheila jackson-lee called
for it to be shut down and it's ramping
up in fact just last year it collected
5.6 million dollars so I want to be
clear - IG investigated a different
report about the funding of these type
of organizations the independent
reporting that that we're relying on for
this story comes from public radio
reveal news org and and obviously
there's lawsuits here and they will
adjudicate those and there have been in
the past and and there are as John
pointed out
US Congress people that are looking to
this as well here's what I know don't
give anti-psychotic drugs to kids that
we're supposed to be taking care of that
they're not uh not supposed to be in
prison and I it's it's important why why
the government should do it because if
you privatize things like this what will
naturally happen people will want to
make a profit right I mean everybody
agrees to that now how are you gonna
make a profit if things are go smoother
not a company you want things to go to
smooth that makes sense but if you're
taking care of kids well they're human
beings and their kids kids sometimes act
up well how are you gonna make things go
smoother and reduce your costs just load
them up with drugs and then the dough
veg out on the corner one kid was
prescribed ten different shots and pills
with so many different names I can't
begin to pronounce them all in it and
explain it some say that some kids got
up to 18 different shots and pills so
yeah we should not be drugging up these
poor kids we shouldn't have done it in
the past we shouldn't be doing it now we
have to be a responsible steward for
these kids while they're in the country
if you think hey don't cross the border
illegally and you want to send them back
I understand that but while they're here
they're humans and we are supposed to be
the shining city on a hill and we're
supposed to give them humane decent
treatment especially the kids no matter
what happens with them no matter whether
they stay here or we deport them for the
time that they are here we're not
supposed to make a buck off of them and
drug them up so that it's a little
easier for us to take care of them
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
