TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio every once in a while you might
come across a headline that says that
the stock market was up not really
recently because of all the trade war
stuff but a little bit ago it was or you
might see say that um a company is
giving something like a one thousand
dollar one-time bonus and if you're not
paying attention to the economy you
might think oh well things must be doing
pretty well but not necessarily
certainly not for the average American
worker I want to talk about wage growth
the actual way that the economy can
benefit you assuming that you have a job
what you need is wages and you'd like
them to go up ideally for workers in
production and non supervisory positions
that's about four fifths of all of the
privately employed workers in the entire
country their average hourly earnings
went up 2.8 percent from last year which
you might have actually seen in a
headline perhaps on Fox Business but
unfortunately that was not enough to
keep pace with a two point nine percent
increase in inflation which means that
in real terms you actually lost a very
small portion of your wages and of
course it's worse than that because if
you if the average is 2.8 percent you
can only go down so far to get to zero
but you can go up quite a bit and that
means that number is being brought up by
people who are making far more for
regular working-class Americans you have
lost out and I really doubt that if
you're paying attention to CNBC Fox
Business that's the message you're
getting from them and kind of you talked
about the head of the Fed was so
confused about this but economists are
also trying to figure it out one Steven
Kyle said this is odd and remarkable
that you would see the stagnation of
wages amid slow unemployment you would
not normally see this kind of thing
unless there was some kind of
external shock like a bad hurricane
season but we haven't had that no we
haven't
we're getting shocked it's just not
externally and the director of policy
the Economic Policy Institute Heidi
Shirl has said the extra growth we are
seeing in the economy is going somewhere
to capital owners and people at the top
of the income distribution that's
exactly right so I want to expand upon
that John referenced what I was saying
about the Fed I we talked about it on
old school last night that's one of the
TYT shows that members get tea
y-t-dot-com slash joined to become a
member and yet that it was me John and
Anna
we're mainly having fun telling
inappropriate stories but what we also
talked about serious issues as well and
in there the the Federal Reserve had was
like I don't get it man I thought with
the tax cuts that corporations would
then give the money to their workers to
the head of the Federal Reserve he's not
that was part of what he said it's not
all of what he said cuz he's not that
stupid right
he's just only a little bit stupid on
purpose part of the economic models is
well look if you have low unemployment
that that means at some point companies
are going to start to compete for
workers and start to pay them higher and
higher wages but that doesn't happen
because as we talked about on oldschool
last night
corporations are squeezing all of us and
for good reason because we wrote it into
their code to maximize profit so they
must pay their workers as little as they
possibly can so that they maximize
profit so that is what they're doing so
when they got the giant tax cuts they
give it to themselves they did stock
buybacks they increased executive pay
but for their workers they got squeezed
the squeezed and squeezed so right now
you're actually losing money in May of
workers in production and non
supervisory positions which is 80% of
the work force we're being paid twenty
two dollars and sixty two cents on
average it's for all of them right for
all of America that is it in my opinion
a terrible way don't know
minimum wage we're talking about you
taking into account 80 percent of all
workers right and now it has dropped in
May of this year to 22.59.50
well actually the economy did go up two
percent last year but sis you didn't get
it in wages that means that almost all
of that to two percent went to the very
very top we can actually demonstrate it
let's bring up this chart and you're
gonna see of all of that money that's
flowing into these corporations and we
know it's a lot and it's gonna be far
more thanks to the 1.8 trillion dollars
of the Republicans just gave
corporations what share of that is the
workers share of all that corporate
income and you can see that it has been
higher historically and it's just
trending down and down and down and
there's no sign that it's going to
change anytime soon
and also I wanted to look a little bit
more is we got a comparison of last
couple of years of wage growth I wanted
to see over time what it looks like and
so I tracked this down just bring this
up this goes all the way back to 1984
coincidentally and you can see there
that it has had periods of going up it's
had periods of going down if you want to
pause this or screenshot it at some
point look back and think about who was
president during these different periods
it's a very interesting exercise to
engage in you see it's like it's almost
exactly at the end of public in
presidencies it shoots down not
necessarily not always but it does and
of course you have to factor in
inflation over this time because that's
the percent wage increase but if
inflation is going up then you're not
actually going to get much from there
and over that period it's been it
modulates but it's a couple percentage
points which means that in many of these
years you were making absolutely nothing
extra and that is not an accident that's
not wow it just happened that over
decades wage growth continues to trend
down
I mean imagine in five years if we bring
this graph back the next time it falls
off the cliff what's it gonna look like
then what about the next time it falls
off the
can you go into negatives we'll see as a
country perhaps we'll see so finally my
favorite graph number one here and I say
favorite only because of how
illustrative it is not because it's good
news it's terrible news
this is a graph of what has happened
since 1948 from 1948 - they put the line
there at 73 but I think it really begins
to diverge more significantly in 1978
and you could see it for yourself there
for 48 to 78 we have 30 years of
excellent productivity leading to
excellent wages as the golden years of
America and from 1978 on excellent
productivity continues but wages
flatline they stagnate almost no growth
at all for the last mmm what are we
looking at 78 - 2018 so 30 years right
and no 44 years so 30 years of great
wages 40 years of terrible wages and so
there's a reason for that
corporations seize the government and
they made sure that minimum wage did not
go up they made sure that they got the
benefits of deregulation Corporation
corporate tax cuts and the list goes on
and on so that the difference between
those two lines is about 12 trillion
dollars so they took 12 trillion dollars
of your productivity and put it in their
pocket yeah okay on average if if our
wages had kept up with productivity each
American would be making 17 thousand
dollars more per year that is stunning
and in the midst of people on television
high-fiving because they all have a lot
of money in the stock market oh yes dr.
Margaret is doing great
unemployment's down the economy's
fantastic you know it in your real life
and the numbers bear it out it is not
fantastic for the rest of us wages are
still flatlining and going down when you
take inflation into account so they're
not looking out for us they're looking
out for their donors as usual two easy
ways fall young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
