this is Melania Trump boarding Air Force
One to head down to Texas and the back
of the the jacket apparently reads I
don't really care do you nothing the
first lady does is an accident welcome
back to hell world today's edition of
fascist and fabulous Melania Trump
America's very own Mary Antoinette made
quite the satorious statement by wearing
a jacket that truly channeled how
maggots feel about the perils of
separated brown children Wow they just
they won't want you've been following my
Instagram you know I'm a fashion
influencer so I'm capable of criticizing
the flow toises sartorial choices but
really how does this happen if you
believe that she put this on by mistake
then you probably also think this
administration was kidnapping immigrant
children just to uphold the law of the
land double standard you're intimidated
by powerful conservative woman and you
want to tear her down
conservatives are the real families have
it here dude it's a jacket
there was no hidden message after
today's important visit to Texas a help
the media isn't going to choose to focus
on her wardrobe I'm predicting that the
conservative hot take machine will
malfunction tonight by the time this
video is aired trying to virtual signal
that it's sexist to criticize milania's
jacket because as we know Republicans
don't care about appearance at all and
would never mock a woman let alone a
first lady because of it an official
from Clay County West Virginia
calling First Lady Michelle Obama and a
pin heels respect my beautiful first
lady the way we respected Michelle
Hussein Obama or Michael Obama here to
have a very large penis in her pants her
shoulders are wide her face is very very
masculine she looks like a tranny and so
you ask yourself are the children a
beard for Obama and of course Michelle
Obama or Michael Obama ladies and
gentlemen let me tell you right now I
have to drop documents right in front of
me that Michelle Obama is in fact a man
which is why making fun of her is
perfectly acceptable and fine
now the reason why I'm referring to this
double standard is
conservatives don't care about fairness
or feminism for that matter also the
first lady does not take a photo-op
without delivering a message and a cheap
bizarre jacket isn't nearly as offensive
as the Trump administration policy which
is something that we're finding out
right now that the Pentagon is looking
for a place to keep up to 20,000 migrant
children meanwhile we're having
arguments over whether it's too far to
compare this to Japanese internment
camps or the Holocaust so stop arguing
about dumb like this because I'm
genuinely concerned that things will get
worse and it will be too late talking to
you New York Times stop trying to appeal
to white supremacist goddamnit I'm a
psalm piker please don't forget to share
this video with your friends if you want
to have a good laugh about conservative
hypocrisy also please download the TYT
app it's free just do it if you want to
stay up to date with our latest and
greatest and don't get follow my
Instagram to sandeep Iker my Twitter
Tucson the hunt and this has been the
breakdown
