TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio some of the Republicans have been
making outlandish claims about the
immigrants that are coming into the
country and their kids representative
Marshall who's a Republican is going to
be no different but he's gonna make a
charge so outlandish that Chris Hayes is
starring doom is going to pause and ask
for evidence as you're going to see here
the congressman has no such evidence
let's watch we have we have interviewed
on this network we've interviewed
mothers from Guatemala and Honduras
whose sons have been killed by drug
cartels who have fled a thousand miles
north risking everything are they a
national security threat I think that
when you have 50,000 people crossing our
border at the same time that's a private
asking the numbers in about sledding and
I'm trying it and I'm trying to answer
it Chris I think that you have to share
the rest of the story the number of
families that are opposing as families
this quadrupled crying across our
borders
so you're yet you're having people that
are doing human trafficking terrorists
terrorists and cartel members using
usually through kids as their terrorists
and carton is the evidence of that I
have heard that where is your evidence
for that where is an evidence of a
terrorist using a child to cross a
border I would like to see some evidence
of that right so I think what I would
encourage you to do is go look at the
kids that are under the age of five
years old that are being in custody
right now and see how many of them were
separated from true parents as opposed
to from cartel members or
traffic so I think you need to do some
more investigating reporting and that's
why I'm going to the border my centers
weekend to sort this out
yeah preposterous total utter
fabrication great job by Chris Hayes of
doing follow-up questions calling him
out on it and ask you for evidence he
has no evidence its total propaganda
really terrorists using five-year-olds
to smuggle themselves into the country
and by the way how would separating the
kids from the so-called terrorists help
I mean if they're an actual terrorist I
wouldn't want kids around him but does
that mean that we identified him as
terrorist and now are now trying them as
terrorists there are no such cases total
fiction he made it up but he's not alone
the Trump administration says stuff like
this all the time oh yeah yeah ms-13
using the kids to smuggle themselves in
really can you show us one case of an
ms-13 gang member using kids to smuggle
themselves in successfully or
unsuccessfully hey we later caught them
and we found out they didn't kidnap the
kid to bring them in pretending to be a
kid or we caught what a de Bourgh it my
God if we did caught an ms-13 guy or a
terrorist at the border with a kid do
you have any idea how loud they would
shout that from the rooftops and they'd
have that guy's picture they'd have
videos they talked about a non-stop
Trump would have sent 20 tweets about it
by now it's a total lie and when he's
asked about it on national TV he said
well maybe you should do investigative
reporting I make up stuff and then I
asked you to follow up to see if you can
prove my lies
that's not how investigative reporting
works by the way more important than
that that it's not how a US congressman
is supposed to act go on TV makeup total
fiction and then go I don't know you
look it up they are inveterate liars
they lie over and over again it is not
an even playing field the Republicans do
this far more often and here's another
guy doctor
dr. Roger Marshall a United States
congressman from Kansas totally making
something up on TV and why to demagogue
to demonize so that you don't have
sympathy for those parents and for those
kids oh they're not real parents they're
not real kids they're all terrorists and
smugglers congressman Marshall is a
deplorable human being he's a terrible
terrible person who drives hatred in
this country and is willing to lie to
make that happen that's who he is
young turks we'll be back to easy ways
for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
