TYT he's got a new audio network guys so
you're gonna love it we got our existing
shows but on top of that we've got a
whole new latest shows coming out that
are in podcast form including the jimmy
dore show so now nobody does comedy like
jimmy he is super aggressive and
sometimes harsh and often the irreverent
but he's gonna give it to you like he
sees it there's no question about that
so you're gonna love this podcast he's
gonna have some of the top comedians and
comedy writers on there so if you want
to check that out along with the entire
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio Benjamin Netanyahu's government is
in a little bit of trouble not because
of the enormous human rights violations
that happen in the Gaza Strip recently
America protects Israel against all
those votes in the United Nations and
they are usually no consequence
whatsoever we continue to give them
billions of dollars of American taxpayer
money no matter what they do in those
situations no Netanyahu's government is
a little bit of trouble because of
corruption Wow a right-winger in any
country that actually wants to enrich
himself and be part of the elites and
does corruption to do so I would have
never seen that coming well in this case
it also involves his wife so we're gonna
go to the Associated Press here they
report that Israeli prosecutors on
Thursday charged the wife of Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with
misusing over a hundred thousand dollars
in public funds to order lavish meals
from some of the country's most famous
chefs
let them eat bread she's got she never
got her own chef but she's nope not
enough I got a misuse government funds
to get more lavish food from different
chefs well I do declare now this is by
the way the good part of Israel's
democracy it's sometimes unfair to call
it a democracy because the Palestinians
in Gaza Strip and West Bank don't have a
democracy and Israel rules over them so
it's not really a democracy but there
are good parts of Israel's Democratic
movements and though at least the ones
that it applies to includes it including
Israeli citizens and they actually do a
very good job of fighting against
corruption and they brought up a lot of
corruption charges I think they do a way
better job than
America does so let me give you more
details about this they explained that
Sarah Netanyahu has long faced
allegations of abusive behavior and
living extravagantly in 2016 a court
ruled she abused an employee and warded
the man $42,000 in damages that's what
the court did they awarded him that
amount of money other former employees
have accused her of mistreatment charges
that the netanyahu's have vehemently
denied someone married to Benjamin
Netanyahu abusing people underneath her
know Netanyahu would never abuse anyone
and for someone that he lives with to do
that the charges while I do declare I am
quite shocked by this her husband abuses
people for a living basically I mean are
you ever ever going to let the people go
in the Gaza Strip or the West Bank are
you ever going to stop occupying them I
this is the least surprising news I have
ever seen so once you become callous to
the fate of other human beings and their
and their identity their feelings their
their humanity is this surprising to
somebody who works for you you would
also abuse and by the way these are not
my allegations I know I'm just reporting
what happened in Israel
the courts in Israel already awarded
these damages so it happened now I'm
back to today in Thursday's indictment
the Justice Ministry says Sarah
Netanyahu was charged with graft fraud
and breach of trust for allegedly
overspending more than a hundred
thousand dollars on private meals at the
Prime Minister's official residence even
when there was a full-time chef on staff
there is no end to the avarice and the
greed of those in charge so whether it's
the elites here in America or really
anywhere across the world or in this
case Israel no no no I please my private
chef will not suffice okay why don't you
pay out of your own pocket you're
incredibly wealthy and you know the
Netanyahu's have been in power for a
long time why are you charging the
Israeli taxpayers now I just want extra
chefs and I want you to pay for it lock
her up lock her up
these are crimes against the Israeli
people and they should be taken very
seriously and I'm glad to see that they
are if convicted she could face a
maximum sentence of five years behind
bars though that seems unlikely
according to the Associated Press yes we
all know that there is unequal justice
across the world's the rich and powerful
you get different rules the rest of us
get incredibly harsh sentences now again
all the credit in the world to the
Israeli justice system here as they are
pursuing these corruption charges
vigorously we'll see if she actually
serves any prison time that would be
amazing
so we're so used to the powerful getting
away with everything but but let's see
these are very serious charges
the indictment threatens to reinforce
the unflattering reputation the net the
Netanyahu's have gained for enjoying an
expensive lifestyle out of touch with
most Israelis Netanyahu also faces
several police investigations into his
alleged corruption now that's not a much
bigger scale and tell you about that in
one second but how did Benjamin
Netanyahu respond to this he called it a
quote witch-hunt hmm where have I seen
that before
okay yes birds of a feather flock
together
so Trump and Netanyahu with their
endless corruption keep telling us no no
no no it's not me it's not my family
it's all these people who are aligned
against me they're doing a witch hunt
they made your wife get all those food
from the chefs the fancy chefs I don't
even know what they call them I don't I
mean God look at how out of touch they
are man that they can't just eat normal
food they can't just eat expensive food
they can't even just have their own
private chef prepare them food no I've
got to get it from all of the best chefs
and I've got to make you pay for it okay
so that's very typical now that's
$100,000 but now that's a lot of you're
an Israeli taxpayer you should be livid
about that but get a load of how much
bigger the issue is for Benjamin then
yeah
the Prime Minister Israeli police
questioned Netanyahu his wife and son
last week in a connection to a
corruption case involving the country's
telecom giant Bezique Netanyahu is
suspected of promoting regulations worth
hundreds of millions of dollars for the
company in return for more favorable
coverage of the Netanyahu family on the
telecom companies influential news cycle
now that's some significant corruption
so Israeli prosecutors have added Hoss
so their job is to protect the Israeli
people and and if they have found good
evidence of corruption Lock them up lock
them up now look I'm under no illusion
that the person who represent Yahoo if
that were to be the case is going to be
someone that agrees with me on occupied
territories
that's a separate matter in this matter
no matter who replaces Netanyahu I'm
against the corruption no matter what
and as usual another right winger
abusing their own people for their own
benefit it's the same story all across
the world two easy ways to follow young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
