did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio Donald
Trump has signed an executive order in
response to the backlash that he and his
administration have been facing over
separating children from their families
now this is something that he has done
unilaterally Congress is also working on
legislation which we'll get to in just a
moment but first let's dive into what
Trump's executive order does it does
keep families together in detention he
was quoted as saying we have to maintain
toughness so let me just reiterate the
zero-tolerance policy of detaining adult
immigrants at the southern border would
remain in place they are still being
prosecuted they will be held in
detention with their children as they
face prosecution so that is essentially
what this executive order is so is it a
more humane a tad bit because the kids
won't be separated from their family but
essentially the children will
essentially be imprisoned with their
parents because they had the audacity to
seek asylum now I want to also quickly
reiterate this misinformation that I'm
seeing reported all over the place
there's this emphasis on people coming
across the border illegally and how only
those individuals are being affected by
this that is not the case there have
been numerous reports indicating that
Border Patrol block people from going to
these ports of entry which by the way is
unlawful and there are also cases of
people who do go to the port of entry
and seek asylum but because of this
massive backlog essentially what ends up
happening is they get detained and
prosecuted much like the other
immigrants do those who don't go through
the port of entry now with that said
let's take a look at Trump signing this
executive order we're gonna have strong
very strong borders but we're going to
keep the families together I didn't like
the site or the feeling of families
being separated is a problem that's gone
on for many years as you know through
many administrations and we're working
very hard on immigration it's been just
left out in the call people haven't
dealt with it and we are dealing with it
so step by step just like we dealt with
North Korea we dealt with Iran we dealt
with an economy that was heading in the
wrong direction okay you're gonna have a
lot of happy people
has been going on for 60 years 60 years
nobody's taking care of it nobody's had
the political courage to take care of it
but we're going to take care of it so
the only people who haven't had any
political courage are the Republicans
who have tucked tail and agreed with
every immoral policy that Trump is
pushed for because they're afraid of
losing their positions in Congress but
this has not been a policy for the last
60 years it hasn't it's just complete
Lives complete lies and also look I'm
seeing people on the left make the
argument that you know this is also a
policy that Obama had no Obama did not
have this policy Obama specifically did
not prosecute people for seeking asylum
he did not
now we're children held in detention
because of the fact that they came here
as unaccompanied minors
yes but they came here as unaccompanied
minors without their parents Obama
didn't separate these children from
their parents Obama did not hold these
children hostage to get some political
win and he certainly did not have a
policy of prosecuting anyone who tried
to come into the country so look I'm
gonna explain what I think the law
should be and and it's not a super easy
answer I think that there is a right way
to balance it but the idea that this has
been the same problem in terms of the
executive order that he is signing is
not remotely true it's a problem that
has existed for sixty days pretty much
two months since Trump changed policy
and said we're gonna do zero toss we're
gonna prosecute these misdemeanors for
crossing the border true Bhama did not
have that policy and neither did Trump
until two months ago so before they were
not prosecuting those people hence they
were not separating them for their kids
so that part is simply not true Jake let
me just also clarify one other thing
because I did misspeak
so Obama detained the children for
or less or at least that was the policy
implemented because he actually valued
the Flores settlement the Flores
settlement essentially has regulations
in place that do not allow the
government to hold these children
indefinitely right so what did end up
happening is they were either they found
family members in the United States who
could care for the kids or they place
the kids with a foster parent and look I
get it
it's an underfunded situation so we have
lost track of a lot of these
unaccompanied minors but Trump's policy
essentially exacerbated the issue so let
me be further clear on that because look
if when a kid comes in unaccompanied you
don't have a choice you have to put him
somewhere until you could find a home
for him and according to the law that's
the Flores settlement that Ana's
referring to you must if I get them out
of detention after 20 days because they
D you don't want to hold these kids
indefinitely now we were fair because
nobody went and said when Trump was
doing the same thing that Obama was
doing nobody went and said I can't
believe you're keeping these
unaccompanied minors in detention for 20
days
because that's the law you have to until
you find somewhere where they can go
right this only became an issue two
months ago when Trump added by the way
it's not just run unaccompanied minors
now if you come in as a family we're
gonna do something new we're gonna take
your kids away and we're gonna put them
in a detention center now in the new
proposals that they're putting forward
which is not part of this executive
order the executive order is simply like
okay just keep them with the parents
like we were doing before okay yeah in
the new bills they say well let's keep
them together but for a lot longer well
no look it's a tough situation because
you do have to keep them together and if
they're gonna you know you can't say hey
they're free to go and you can't say
okay I'm gonna take the babies away that
means that you do have to put their
families in some sort of detention
center for some period of time okay and
the question is what's the period of
time and well the court settled it
that's 20 days so Kuenn
Ted Cruz says let's send in thousands of
judges so we can actually get through
all these cases in two weeks
and we could so we could listen to what
the court is saying and actually get
these people out of the country now I
say it and a lot of human rights lawyers
say two weeks is not enough because you
have to compile evidence to prove that
you are an asylum seeker and two weeks
is not enough time in order to compile
that evidence but there is a certain
amount of time that we should all agree
upon that's why we have a Congress to to
make those laws so if you said to me
well they should stay for two years in a
detention center while they're seeking
asylum and say now that sounds too long
two weeks is too short so is the right
number of days twenty like the floor our
settlement says is it a month is it two
months if we had a functioning democracy
we'd have a rational conversation about
that and had come to a conclusion we
wouldn't just rip kids away from their
parents and and we you know we wouldn't
act in this sporadic unpredictable way
that Trump is doing every day I'm gonna
put it back etc so I disagree with
keeping them in detention
at all and and let me make my case I
understand that there is a real problem
a significant problem with legitimate
problem of people who have claimed
asylum and then the you know the whole
catch-and-release thing you know and
then they're let go they never show up
to their court hearing that is a
legitimate problem I don't understand
why we don't use the same mechanisms
that we've used for you know people out
on bail or bond like let's say those
bracelets they do we do we do give ankle
bracelets right right and so now
Republicans are saying it's not enough
and in some cases and mainly because of
bureaucracy they don't bother to find
the people with the ankle bracelets
right well then okay it's fair to say
put more money in put you know put more
people to track them put more money into
maybe the detention centers bearable and
not just cages so that and you know you
can say hey they got TVs good god bless
right but being outside for only two
hours a day that's prison don't do that
it's it let them out in a confined space
okay we get it
cetera and and Anna and I might disagree
with conservatives out there and we
might say the ankle bracelet is
perfectly good enough we might say hey
you know what keep them in the detention
center until we sort out where we're
going to release them for two days
whatever the number is right and and
conservatives could fight back and say
no we have to keep them in the detention
center and it has to be either two weeks
or two months those are conversations
and debates that need to be had okay
and then you sort that out in Congress
right but we rip your kids away and
figure it out later is not the right way
to handle it and and Trump and almost
never backs down but he was so
overwhelmingly wrong here and he'd lost
the country so badly that even Trump was
like okay we're gonna make a lot of
people happy here by reversing what you
originally said but by the way he's not
making a lot of people happy because as
I mentioned you know the cruelty level
of what he was previously doing was here
and and this executive order takes it
down to here and what I mean by that is
they are look Trump is demanding that we
get rid of the Flores settlement and the
proposals that we're seeing from
Congress right now do exactly that in
addition to up funneling more money
taxpayer money toward this nonsensical
wall right and they want to get rid of
other protections by the way something
that everyone should keep their eye on
the New Yorker is reporting that the
next issue immigration issue that the
Trump administration wants to focus on
is naturalized citizens and whether or
not any of these people have lied on any
of their forms because if they have then
they could lose citizenship
well there's credible evidence that
there is one naturalized citizen who
lied on her forms her name is Melania
Trump we did that story earlier you have
added Hoss you want to go after her
first and by the way there's another
diss credible evidence that her parents
also did not tell the truth in their
forms but my guess is they're not gonna
go after white people so when you say
you're against illegal immigrants I
might disagree with you on two different
policies but I understand you're saying
hey they're breaking the law we can't
let everybody in the country when you
say you're going after a legal limit
and this is the third way that they're
going after illegal immigrants then
you're not saying that you're against
this situation because of breaking the
law
you're just against immigrants and and
I've never seen them complain about
Swedish immigrants so these policies are
based on race yes they are
absolutely so I want to be clear I think
I just outlined in what I think is a
really fair way the contours of the
debate the Democrats and Republicans
should have about how we hold people who
come into the country illegally right
but in that bill as Ana points out there
are two other things the naturalized
citizens they're gonna get to later the
two other things are and the Visa
Lottery and by the way you could make a
case for that I would disagree with you
but I understand that and that could be
back and forth on whether we do that or
not but the second thing they want to go
after with Visa Lottery is legal
immigration so let's be clear second way
they're gonna go after illegal
immigration is and family based visas
well that's the overwhelming majority of
how people do legal immigrants they do
not want immigration they do not want
legal immigration they want to clamp
down on that as much as possible it's
look I understand I understand the
desire for politicians to want to do
something about undocumented immigration
I totally understand that but you have
to understand what the Trump
administration's real agenda is and
their real agenda is the white
population is they think you know under
attack somehow and we need to prevent
the others from coming in by any means
necessary
so what are Republicans in Congress
proposing right now keep in mind they're
not even having a discussion with
Democrats I I have an issue with the
Democrats not being aggressive enough on
this I get that they don't have much
power but they I haven't heard much from
Democrats other than we disagree with
what's going on that's not enough two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
