did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit TYT comm slash audio so of course
Michael Kohn was Donald Trump's personal
lawyer the government raided his offices
his home his hotel they have a ton of
his materials going through about 3.7
million files I believe so of course the
big question is if they have Michael
Kohn committing some serious crimes
which is not much of an if will Michael
Cohen flip on Donald Trump well we are
beginning to get that answer mmm this is
important so first of all just the
interesting note today that might give
you a small clue he said Michael Cohen
and this is imported by Ken Mayer at
mediate and ABC and many others Michael
Cohen has resigned from his position on
the Republican National Committee's
Finance Committee amid his ongoing legal
troubles and investigations into his
business affairs now that's a small note
because nobody's surprised that he's
stepping down from that as he might face
massive charges and is a bit distracted
it's actually a little surprising he
hadn't already stepped down but is it a
harbinger of things to come
well there we go to a CNN report and the
answer seems to be a resounding yes
so CNN reporting Donald Trump's personal
attorney Michael Cohen has signaled to
friends that he is quote willing to give
investigators information on the
president if that's what they're looking
for I got news for you that's what
they're looking for okay so now we're
the friends clear or was that like is a
little vague can't quite tell well let's
go to their direct quotes a friend of
mine Co says he feels let down by him
referring to Donald Trump and isolated
by him well that's true Trump has now
jettisoned him as he does with all
former allies in order to save his own
skin
so he says I don't know combs not my
attorney anymore and the only thing that
he's offered Micah Cohen is implicitly
offering pardons by going around and
give importance to other people who have
committed similar crimes to Michael
Cohen or potentially because Michael
cone not even charged at this point if
I'm right he will be charged and
significantly so and remember for the
federal cases Trump could pardon Michael
Cohen but he cannot pardon him if they
bring state charges so now even his
friends say look if the charges are
shaohao they're small well then you know
he'll be a tough guy and he in and he'll
serve whatever term he gets on the other
hand if they're large pull the shoot God
out of here okay so one of the friends
said quote anything is possible when
you've got a slimy character like
Michael Cohen who made a living being
Donald Trump's fixer by the way oh do
any of you guys need a fixer if you're
not going around breaking laws and doing
terrible things you usually don't need a
fixer fixers come in to fix things
things that are broken and Trump is
broken a lot of things so that guy is
not I've said from day one is not likely
to be like you know what I have
principles I will go to prison for
decades to support the other corrupt guy
who left me hang out here to dry right
probably not so now we go to the even
more relevant quotes from his friends
they say he knows a lot of things about
the president this is one of my close
friends he knows a lot of things about
the president and he's not averse to
talking in the right situation the right
situation being facing a long long
prison sentence which again we he hasn't
been charged maybe maybe they'll go
through all of his documents and they'll
go oh my god that guy's actually totally
clean he was telling the truth the whole
time the taxi cabs things are fine
there's no dealings
the Russians the payments to the
storming Daniels and everything well
else was aboveboard there was no
campaign finance violations way to be a
great lawyer Michael Cohen he's not
putting these leaks out in the press cuz
he thinks they don't have the dirt on
him glucose gonna apt look through my
papers have fun guys there's nothing in
there there's nothing to flip on instead
Michael Cole's reaction and what he's
telling his friends and telling them to
go talk to CNN is I'm gonna panic
okay given the right situation I think
I'll take it cuz he knows what he did
and he knows what Trump did one more
room his friends quote if they want
information on Trump he's willing to
give it I don't think that likes clarity
I think it's fairly clear which way he's
gonna go tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick state charges on Michael Cohen
and God knows what happens next because
if that leads to Trump he could also by
the way lead to Ivanka Trump which could
then get Trump to go I never wanted to
be in office anyway I'm gonna run some
Trump Towers all over the world I didn't
want this job anyway okay we'll see
we'll see I I grant you there's some
speculation here but the important
information here is it appears that
Michael Cohen is definitely willing to
flip and if he does that could be a
treasure chest and finally we go to
Michael Cohen himself is in his
resignation at the from the RNC he put
this note that he did not need to put in
there to give you a sense of where his
mindset and what he's saying publicly so
he said as the son of a Polish Holocaust
survivor the images and sounds of this
family separation policy is
heart-wrenching obviously referring to
the immigration situation now while I
strongly support measures that will
secure our porous borders children
should never be used as bargaining chips
it doesn't seem like he's on Trump's
side on that one take take take take
take take take take that's about as good
news as you can get today I can't
wait for ladies and gentlemen we got not
yet though not yet hold for another day
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
