in turks this is john ida role of doing
a live video i apologize in advance for
my appearance my bit sweaty i just got
home from the gym to absolutely
horrendous news if you've been on social
media or you know watching news as it's
coming live you might already be aware
of this the situation down at the border
with trump's completely unnecessary
completely cruel and heartless policy of
force family separations has found a way
to get worse than it already was earlier
today and that is thanks to some great
reporting being done by the AAP where
they have discovered the answer to one
of the questions we've been asking for
some time now they have not been able to
answer where the girls are being kept
when these children are separated from
their families and they have also not
been willing to say what the cutoff
point in terms of ages in which when
they will take one of these kids away
and we now know why that is because
there is no limit on the age babies
infants and toddlers have been taken as
well and the AAP is now revealed that
along the us-mexico border the trump
administration has set up at least three
tender age facilities that means camps
for babies okay they have their use of
euphemism that they want us to use i'm
not gonna do that
these are baby camps or the very least
facilities set up for toddlers and
infants who've been ripped away from
their families by the way apparently
they've been taking so many of these
babies that they're gonna have to set up
a fourth facility soon the three that
they have already is not enough because
they're just taking in more and more
babies that they're stealing from their
families i apologize if I'm repeating
that over the next 24 hours you're gonna
hear a lot of people in the media
choosing to sort of slow walk that news
maybe use some some happy language for
it there's no happy nice pleasant way to
describe what your government is doing
when what they're doing is taking
children babies infants toddlers out of
the arms of their parents and should we
really be surprised Donald Trump has
said zero tolerance and we know he is a
person of absolutely zero tolerance for
anyone who looks even slightly different
from himself and
people he chooses to surround himself
with now obviously any number of
different groups that deal with both
immigrants in general but also children
are saying for the kids that we've been
talking about they're gonna have
permanent psychological trauma as a
result of this experience I can't even
imagine what a toddler is going through
right now when they are ripped out of
the arms of their parents and then
they're sent off to some facility now
the government is trying to say oh these
facilities are awesome they are they're
trained professionals they know exactly
what they're going to do explain that to
the six-month-old explain that to the
two-year-old explain that well of course
they'll see their parents someday maybe
unless we deport their parents and we
can't actually reconnect them which is a
situation that's already happening any
number of times so look we're gonna get
more details over the course of the next
I would say probably 24 hours they're
tracking down these places they're in
combs Raymondville and Brownsville by
the way I believe all three of those are
in Texas the fourth is planned for
Houston by the way I would love to find
out what the the mayor of Houston with
the governor of Texas are saying about
that I'm feeling the governor's probably
gonna be just fine with it by the way so
we're gonna be doing more reporting on
this tomorrow both on my show on YouTube
TV the damage report tomorrow morning
and then on the main show as well but
honestly I wish at this point that I
could pretend that I'm surprised by this
but over the past week maybe two weeks
as this has sort of been like rolling
over me in waves with each new
revelation with each new inhumane
statement with each right-winger lining
up to defend the situation with each
statement that it's that it's biblical
that it's moral to do this I don't
believe that there is any bottom to this
barrel I don't believe there's any
ending to this dark road that they are
taking us down on the show on the damage
report this morning I read a section of
an essay that was published in 1955 and
it was published by a man who had lived
under the rise of the Nazis and he
talked about the experience of being so
frustrated and shocked as it was going
on that more of his fellow citizens
weren't doing anything about it they
didn't seem to realize what was
happening and what he said and you
should you should track that down I
believe it's called out invade but they
thought they were free or they believed
they were free he said that he kept
waiting for one act by the government
one statement or one policy that would
be so shocking that it would finally
shock the people out of their apathy and
he said that he was being naive that's
not how it works you don't have one
thing that is so big that everyone
finally wakes up instead what you have
is a gradual staircase of cruelty and
inhumanity where step a isn't so bad
it's not so much worse than what we've
experienced before and B is it much
worse than that and C is just a little
bit more inhumane and then D comes and E
comes and F comes and suddenly your
country doesn't look the way it used to
suddenly you don't recognize the country
you live in and people allow it to
happen because it's gradual because it
seems subtle they go along with it
now we're not in Nazi Germany yet but
they're stealing babies and they're
putting them in facilities I don't know
what we're waiting for as a country I
don't know what Trump is going to say I
don't know what cut Trump is supposed to
do that it's supposed to get through to
the people who don't care about children
and toddlers being torn away from their
families we've now heard the audio we've
seen the pictures we know everything we
need to know about this policy and to
see Trump using it as leverage hostages
in his either in the immigration policy
debates or simply to rile up his base
understand that while I'm frustrated
with the apathy of many Americans he is
counting on the cruelty of his
supporters that they will see this and
they will love him even more and realize
that his approval numbers are actually
going up in the midst of this scandal so
is it really that crazy of a strategy on
his part and so if they're doing this
today if we find out now that they've
got thousands of children hundreds of
babies what are they gonna do next time
what are we gonna find about about
tomorrow what are we gonna find out
about next week I have no idea and I
don't
what its gonna take to get the people to
snap out of their apathy maybe it will
be like Germany maybe it will never
actually come we're gonna talk more
about it tomorrow you know keep but
please don't don't check out don't check
out in general don't check out tonight
there will be more coming tonight I know
that some of the cable news shows have
been reporting on I know Rachel Maddow
actually broke down when when trying to
break the news I know some people are
gonna somehow twist that into a way to
attack her I think she was revealing
something that I would like to see
amongst cable news so so far more often
which is obvious humanity and empathy we
don't see enough of that they they
usually cloak that behind feigned
objectivity or whatever they choose to
call it but we are seeing some of that
because it is simply so awful anyway
thank you for joining us by the way I've
been tweeting a lot about this at John
Ida role on Twitter so you can follow me
for that tomorrow on The Young Turks
several / programs will be reporting on
this new news thank you for watching
tonight and I'll see you tomorrow
