just when you thought headlines
describing ridiculous people calling the
police for ridiculous reasons couldn't
get any more well
ridiculous we recently learned about a
woman who dialed 911 wails during a
boating adventure oh my god this is
amazing you guys there's another one
right lineman it's fine and there's
three that we might guess I'm gonna need
to impose a six-month ban on white
ladies calling 9-1-1 until we can figure
out what the hell is going on but in all
seriousness the real outrage surrounding
this story is how often people call the
cops on black folks for just I don't
know doing benign things that everyone
else does this is part of an ongoing
national problem that we keep seeing
more and more examples of police being
called by white people who are reporting
black people for mundane activities
there were the two black men of the
Starbucks right here in Philadelphia
arrested for not buying a drink
while they waited for a business meeting
a black former White House employee who
moved into a building in Harlem and a
neighbor called cops about him being in
his own building three Missouri teens
shopping for prom clothes in a Nordstrom
who were wrongly charged with
shoplifting oh yeah yeah and just this
past weekend there was another one of
these 911 calls this time against an 11
year old boy
Theresa Klein accused a nine-year-old
boy of sexual assault it's unclear if
she was faking the call police say they
have no record of it
star and the storage surveillance video
tells a different story
clearly showing the boys backpack
accidentally brushed against Cline even
though these stories are being reported
as if these nonsensical 911 calls our
new phenomenon the reality is that the
black community has been dealing with
this type of treatment for a long time
it's just that now our handy pocket
computers can document how often these
cases occur aside from being outrageous
this is also incredibly dangerous we've
seen far too many instances of unarmed
African Americans getting shot by cops
after someone calls 911 for doing
nothing wrong in some instances like the
case of 12 year old Tamir rice the
responding officer shoots within two
seconds of arriving to the scene no
questions asked
rice was in the park playing with a toy
gun so these seemingly ridiculous calls
featuring a person overreacting can
prove to be deadly the New York Times
reports that half of the African
Americans surveyed by NPR said they had
personally experienced racial
discrimination in police interactions
and there's also a double standard
regarding how quickly officers show up
to the scene following a 911 call Vox
reports that in Chicago for example one
study found that the average time to
arrival four calls to police in
non-white neighborhoods
was twice as long as in predominantly
white neighborhoods one woman told me
after waiting for the police to arrive
as a fifteen-year-old girl in her
neighborhood lay dying quote they don't
come fast they give you time to die look
it's important to acknowledge and
confront the societal issues that
technological advancements like
smartphones and social media shine a
light on before you think about calling
the cops on someone you think seems
suspicious take a moment to ask yourself
a few questions why does this person
look suspicious to you is he or she
really doing something wrong would your
city be best served by using up its
limited resources on the 911 of making
or are there other people in need that
the cops should be responding to and if
you don't have time to ask yourself
these questions that's a sign let it go
walk away unless you have evidence and a
real reason to believe calling 911
oh you know you want to see more videos
like this just subscribe to the channel
below and don't forget to become a TYT
member and download the TYT Plus app on
your phone head over to TYT dot-com
slash join today
