did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio people
are taking action against Donald Trump's
policy of zero tolerance which usually
leads to children being separated from
their parents as they get prosecuted
while governors are speaking out and
they're taking action by refusing to
send their national guard to the border
now this was something that Trump had
demanded months ago and governors
complied but now governors are no longer
using any of their resources to help
Trump and his immigration efforts so the
eight states that have already decided
to withhold their support include the
governors of Maryland Delaware
Massachusetts New York Rhode Island
Connecticut Virginia and North Carolina
which is good news
California is not listed there however
asked whether California Governor Jerry
Brown would pull members of the guard
from the border a spokesperson said the
governor previously stated that deployed
personnel would not assist in any
efforts to round up women and children
or detain people escaping violence and
seeking a better life okay and the
California National Guard will not be
enforcing federal immigration laws yeah
that seems like weak sauce okay I want
to give credit to governor Larry Hogan
who's a Republican in Maryland he was
one of the first to act
then there was three governors including
in the graphic you saw Cuomo and others
jumping in and now we we just got this
breaking news update that there's now up
to eight so it has been that numbers
been rising throughout the day as we're
live here on t y-t-dot-com slash ly
which we always are 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern
and but I also wanted to add that I came
up with a theory as to why Trump is
doing this so it's so heinous that even
Republican governors are backing out and
and overwhelming majority of Americans
are against it and it makes the country
seem less and less appealing and then I
was like I got it you wants to make the
country so unappealing that eventually
we're gonna want to migrate over ok the
immigrants you're gonna want to stop
coming because they're like who wants to
go to America man they rip families
apart
right and and it's become a mess they're
not winning there anymore right yeah and
so Mexico is gonna have to pay for a
wall to keep us out and Trump's gonna
say told you yes sirree
yeah I think that's Trump's genius very
stable genius plan that Mexico pay for a
wall because make America is so crappy
that there's gonna be reverse migration
and Mexico is gonna have to build a wall
yeah and by the way you're telling me
you can't see Trump taking credit for
that like we've become a dystopia it's
an absolute terror dome and Mexico
starts building the wall and Trump comes
out and goes uh-huh what did I tell you
I told you I did you pay for a wall two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
