did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit TYT comm slash audio Attorney
General Jeff Sessions is frustrated that
so many critics are comparing the zero
tolerance policy of separating children
from their parents who then get
prosecuted for misdemeanors to Nazis and
and Nazi policy he says that it's an
exaggeration and he defended himself
while appearing on laura ingraham show
take a look Nazi Germany concentration
camps human rights violations Laura
Bush's wade in Michelle Obama Rosalynn
Carter got all the first lady going back
to Eleanor Roosevelt she's apparently
weighed in as well
General Sessions what's going on here
well it's a real exaggeration of course
and Nazi Germany they were keeping the
Jews from leaving the country but this
is a serious matter
real quick he continues to say we need
to think about it though be rational and
thoughtful about it we want to allow
asylum for people who qualify for it
remember he does not believe victims of
gang violence or domestic abuse qualify
but people who want economic migration
for their personal financial benefit and
what they think is their family's
benefit is not a basis for a claim of
asylum the vast majority of asylum
seekers are fleeing terrible violence in
their own countries okay let's break
this down in three different ways
first of all Laura Ingraham just gave
you a softball and you whiffed your so
you were supposed to say it's an
outrageous comparison I am deeply
offended I think all the people who had
family members who suffered in the
Holocaust are deeply offended by this
it's a softball and you blew it instead
of saying like the standard political
spiel where you take the moral high
ground you said well I mean they were
trying to keep the Jews in the country
we're trying to keep these people
outside the country in other words we're
being just as mean
we're doing it in the opposite direction
where we don't even want them in the
country no don't say that okay and then
the secondary problem with that is that
it's not even true the Germans said no
we're moving the Jews out of the country
and a lot of the concentration camps
were in the greater German Empire after
the wars began in places like Poland
they were saying don't worry Germans
we're taking these diseased animals
outside of our country
oops so now let's get the point number
three the most important one are the
comparisons fair well it so of course
we're not doing what the Nazis did there
are no gas chambers 13 million people
haven't died and so that that should be
clear to everybody but I wanted to go
back and see if I was remembering it
wrong because this seems like they're
using a lot of similar language that the
fascists in Germany used when they began
their campaign against Jews and Roma and
and people in the LGBT community and and
all other poles all other people that
they discriminate against so I went to
the United States Holocaust Memorial
Museum website and so here are a couple
of quotes that I saw on there and then
I'll read you Donald Trump's quotes so
here's what the Holocaust Memorial
Museum says the Nazi regime did not
limit distribution of propaganda and
linking Jews and vermin or disease to
Germany and occupied Poland Nazi
propaganda reinforced the policy of
confining Jews - ghettos by portraying
them as a health threat requiring
quarantine so reference to vermin who
infest a place and they needed to be put
in a specific area and contained in that
area and and and that wasn't all I found
more they went on to describe it this
way exploiting preexisting images and
stereotypes Nazi propagandists betrayed
Jews as an quote alien race that fed off
the host nation poisoned its culture
sees this economy and enslaved its
workers and farmers now this is not
stuff they wrote after the truck
administration that's been on the
website for a long long time so now let
me read you Donald Trump's quotes and
this is from just this week here's a
tweet Democrats are the problem they
don't care about crime and want illegal
immigrants no matter how bad they may be
to pour into and infest our country like
ms-13 they can't win on their terrible
policies so they view them as potential
voters so using the word infest to say
that these immigrants are coming in and
they're going to infest us with
presumably disease and the crime that he
has often talked about obviously the
very first press conference he had when
announcing his presidency he said they
are criminals and rapists and we have to
do something about them here's another
tweet from this week he said the people
of Germany interesting are turning
against their leadership as migration is
rocking the already tenuous Berlin
coalition crime and Germany's way up
that's not remotely true we talked about
that on the show yesterday
big mistake he continues made all over
Europe in allowing millions of people in
who have so strongly and violently
changed their culture I mean he
literally is how talking about how the
Germans must protect their culture
against the the immigrants that are
invading their culture it's just nearly
identical to what the fascist said the
Nazi said in the beginning of their
regime and throughout their regime okay
so he also said early on again when he
first started campaign quote tremendous
infectious disease is pouring across the
border Christ the United States has
become a dumping ground for Mexico and
in fact for many other parts of the
world and of course you all know the
word that right-wingers have in this
country have been using for a long time
and Trump and his officials use they
call them illegal aliens an alien race
coming to infect us now have they
dehumanized them and call them animals
well take a look we got people coming
into the country of trying to come and
we're stopping
but we're taking people out of the
country you wouldn't believe how bad
these people these aren't people these
are animals and we're taking them out of
the country at a level at a rate that's
never happened before saying that
they're not even people fascism 101
finally I want to read from the
Department of Homeland Security that put
this edict into place this year they
said an aliens receipt of public
benefits comes at the taxpayer expense
an availability of public benefits may
provide an incentive for aliens to
emigrate to the United States in other
words they're coming to seize our
economy and take advantage of our
current workers and we cannot let these
animals these aliens that infest our
country and take our resources these are
dangerous times we saw how this started
before and here we are again so I don't
know where this leads and I believe in
America and I believe we are strong
enough to turn it back but that's what
we have to do because if we goes down
this road we know how it ends it's not
like they were subtle about their
language they didn't use code words they
use the same words don't let them finish
this project don't let them go to the
end of that road we've got to take our
country back and we've got to fight for
democracy and decency two easy ways for
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
