did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio a number
of Republicans have been criticizing
Donald Trump zero tolerance policy
Donald Trump remains defiant Jeff
Sessions remains defiant
and we'll get to him in just a minute
but I wanted to just quickly talk about
some of the legislation that's being
proposed from Congress which by the way
to be absolutely clear Trump has
threatened to veto because he believes
it doesn't go far enough
now these efforts I was under the
assumption and I apologized that there
was a bipartisan effort in Congress I
was mistaken so the two bills that are
being proposed include one that comes
from the extreme right wing of the
Senate and that policy apparently isn't
draconian enough for Trump and then
there is a policy or a bill being
proposed by right-wing lawmakers and
centrist Republican lawmakers Trump does
not want any protections for these
immigrants and he certainly doesn't want
protections for minors who are caught up
in this mess he wants to get rid of the
Flores settlement which is a court
settlement or a court an outcome a
binding outcome ruling that indicates
that immigrant children can only be
detained for a very brief period of time
he doesn't like that protection and by
the way the proposal coming from these
Republicans indicate that yes these
immigrants can be prosecuted but let's
detain them with their children okay so
it's no better than way it's a little
better I guess if you if you think hey
let's let's put the children in prisons
along with their parents as they're
being prosecuted I guess it's better
that they get to stay with their parents
but it is still a
- way to handle what I agree is a
complex situation a difficult situation
this is Congress's fault Congress did
not have the courage to pass real
bipartisan comprehensive immigration
reform they didn't have the the ability
to do it they didn't have the courage to
do it under the obama administration and
so as a result we have someone like
Donald Trump
you know unilaterally making decisions
that destroy people's lives so first let
me blame the Democrats and then get to
the the people that are most at fault so
Obama was president he could a push push
push he did some things he he protected
the dreamers so credit where credit is
due they could have but when they went
to go make it a law the Republicans
blocked him in every way shape or form
but in my opinion he tried very hard
whenever he'd run into an obstacle you
go I don't what am I gonna do right and
I know a lot of Democrats they'll think
that's unfair but well I saw him during
his campaigns when it was his own career
on the line he was a tiger a lion he
couldn't be stopped you're at stake
that's your life not my life all right
so okay let's move on from that what we
just saw it with the Democrats they
could have fought for the dreamers in
the budget fight where they had leverage
they absolutely positively chose not to
and B they blocked the government for
about three days and it turns out is
because they were worried about some of
their privileges had been taken away it
wasn't even about the dreamers so it's
not like I got any love for the
Democrats and and in and do I really
think that they're fighting for
immigrants or are they just huffing and
puffing to try to get votes well more
likely little ladder now you turn the
Republicans and in Washington as usual
it's a murderer's row of heinous
politicians that only gets worse and
worse and worse so Anna's absolutely
right in the house it's going to get to
the Senate in the Senate there are just
as draconian right wingers as she
alluded to in the house there's Mark
Meadows in the freedom caucus they're
the super right wing and those guys are
like well all this immigration stuff is
too lenient so our idea of a big
is I find keep the kids with the parents
shoved them all in the prison for an
indefinite period of time
right and take away any protections they
might have okay and and the so-called
moderate proposal is not even a proposal
between the Democrats who suck and the
Republicans who are despicable that
so-called model proposal will already be
massively right-wing right it's still
not good enough for Trump right but
that's not even the proposal it's
between the massively right-wing
Republicans and the just insane
right-wing Republicans and that's
somehow a middle and Trump says no not
good enough you just these people have
no intention to solve this problem it's
not an accident that's the whole point
they don't want to solve it they want a
boogeyman they don't want you to figure
out hey the people who were actually
screwing me over are the donors the
political elites who give me money so I
do whatever they want so I cut their
taxes I deregulate their businesses so
they can pollute in your neighborhood I
give them every advantage because I work
for the powerful in the elite that's
what the politicians think they go but I
need a boogeyman immigrants immigrants
are the problem and they want you to get
distracted and the Democrats pretend
they fight for them the Republicans oh
yeah well maybe the kids maybe we
shouldn't crush the kids but maybe we
should I don't know it's a debate and
Trump says he had definitely crush the
kids but it's the Democrats look this
whole system is sick to its core because
they don't represent any of us they just
represent the people who bribed them day
in and day out with their political
donations and understand what the
so-called critical Republicans are doing
they see that it is politically
unpopular even among some Republicans to
take children away from their parents as
their parents get prosecuted for
misdemeanors right and so this is a
political play okay what can we do we I
mean we like the fact that everyone's
being prosecuted even though they're
seeking asylum but how can we make it
seem like we're somehow empathetic oh
we'll pass legislation
in saying that we're keeping the kids
together we're keeping the kids and the
family members together but they're
still gonna be sitting in jails and
prisons awaiting deportation hearings
awaiting you know their prosecution
exactly so it's still a terrible way of
handling this situation it doesn't solve
anything
it just makes it appear a little nicer
for the Republican base and as usual the
mainstream media says what Trump is bad
but the other Republicans are chastising
them
yeah what's their proposal did you want
to tell us what their proposal is their
proposal is sometimes just as bad and
sometimes worse so and and none of the
right-wing proposals do not protect the
dreamers even though over 80% of
Americans want to protect the dreamers
and give them a pathway to citizenship
more than 60% of Republicans want that
nope not gonna give it to you not gonna
give it to you that's not what we're
paid to do and mainstream media goes all
well Republicans are such good people
that some of them are standing up to
Trump no they're not they're despicable
and by the way during Obama the most
so-called moderate proposal that was
between the Republicans and the
Democrats none of that is even on the
table anymore but back then it was 14
years to a pathway to citizenship
indentured servitude in this country I
remember being taught in history class
there was slavery and it was terrible
and then there was an indentured servant
so that was also a horrible they would
be forced to work at substandard wages
for seven years before they would get
their freedom now the so-called most
moderate proposal that's not even on the
table anymore is 14 years of indentured
servitude and the right wing goes no not
enough and the mainstream media goes oh
Republicans they're so good
it's just Trump it's just rum but the
Republicans I got to call it even
hey every Republican viewers don't tune
away I got to get my ratings two easy
ways to follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that
YouTube you're notified of our videos
