you guys today is a great day to stop
being a Republican or at least stop
watching Fox News especially when your
dad's favorite propaganda outlets out
here defending internment camps for
children because why the hell not kids
are being separated from their parents
and temporarily housed and what are
essentially summer camps what else could
we do these are summer camps guys their
children are forcibly removed from their
parents with no actionable plan on what
to do with them these cries will fall on
deaf ears as long as you have one side
claiming that the facilities are just
fine
some have referred to them as cages but
it keep in mind this is a great big
warehouse facility where they built
walls out of chain-link fences you
really have to look at your lives
decisions when you find yourself arguing
that a chain-link fence
is justifiable in the existence of a
children's concentration camp and also
here's Tucker argue about how no one
actually cares about families so his
separation of families that is totally
fine you think of these people really
care about family separation if they did
they'd be worried about the collapse of
the American family which is measurable
and real what but they're not worried
about that
in fact they welcome that collapse
because strong families are an
impediment to their political power ah
I'm sorry that's crazy
have you ever had one of those arguments
we're halfway through you realize that
you're in too deep and you're actually
wrong but you're no longer arguing for
things you believe in but rather just
trying to get one over on the other
person I just have a very hard time
expressing my emotions and I can't stop
from yelling so I'm gonna go ahead and
go but I'm not gonna stop yelling
because then that'll mean I lost the
fight this is where Republicans find
themselves today fighting for the sake
of fighting and listen I get it
I like mumble rap I know it's trash I
know the people that are doing it are
trash and it's very hard to argue in
favor of but I still do it every day on
my twitch and Instagram and Sandeep Iker
because I love mumble rap and here we
have Tucker Carlson a living breathing
example of elite mediocrity arguing for
the proletariat when it's to uphold
white supremacy this is one of those
moments that tells you everything about
a ruling class they care far more about
foreigners than about their own people I
don't necessarily disagree with Tucker I
think our oligarchs don't care about our
very own people they've made white
protectionism in the form of immigration
a signature promise and yet they've only
pushed for policies that hurt white
working-class like deep tax cuts for the
rich and destroying affordable health
care that is desperately needed for
white people they're only hurting people
of color more to throw you off the scent
and Tucker is also helping because get
this he too is an oligarch they don't
care because no matter what they tell
you this is not about helping children a
lot of people yelling at you on TV don't
even have children so don't for a second
let them take the moral high ground
their goal is to change your country
forever
how could you care about children if you
don't have children this is a man
without empathy this is exactly why
Carlson does not give a about the
disenfranchised or the marginalized in
any capacity because he himself is a
elitist white privileged wealthy asshole
I'm giving you guys the opportunity to
disagree with these people you can do
that it is totally fine this could be
where you draw the line this could be
where you separate yourself in the
Republican Party and this could
definitely be the place where you
separate yourself from Fox News
