did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio the
United States has decided to withdraw
from the UN Human Rights Council and
nikki Haley is saying that it's over
perceived bias against Israel there is
this notion by US officials that the UN
is too tough on Israel and so if they're
unwilling to inform their toughness the
US will pull out and today they
announced yes we are pulling out Mike
Pompeo and nikki Haley announced that
the United States is withdrawing from
this Human Rights Council Haley has
criticized the council in the past for
hypocrisy and has said the group is
engaged in a relentless pathological
campaign against Israel so so let me
just get this right Israel for
committing human rights violations that
almost the entire world agrees to and
we've seen with our own eyes we've seen
it on videotape we've chute is showing
you the snipers shooting people that are
hundreds of yards away from the fence
medics being shot killed etc that's not
the problem the problem is that a human
rights council whose job is to look
after human rights is criticizing Israel
for those violation of those human
rights so we live in a topsy-turvy world
where look away from the actual issue
and yell at the people pointing out the
issue but to be fair I mean that's
Republican 101 they do it in fact
they're doing it with the immigration
issue right now they say it's not the
fault of the Trump administration or the
Border Patrol they said they came out
and said the real victims the Fox News
it to be fair Fox News said the real
victims are Border Patrol agents oh yeah
okay and and the people who made them do
it or the parents who brought in their
kid
and and the Human Rights Council had
also criticized us for that policy just
yesterday so apparently were mad about
that as well and by the way it's also
what Israel said they said the
Palestinians made us shoot them with
snipers because they were protesting
being occupied
they made us kill them it's their fault
not our fault and the United States goes
how dare you criticize Israel it's
obvious that the Palestinians including
the civilians who were killed in the
medics who were killed made the Israelis
snipers fire from hundreds of yards away
and shoot them and kill them you see how
it's their fault so the US had boycotted
the UN Human Rights Council under George
Bush's administration then in 2009 the
Obama administration decided to join the
Human Rights Council and during that
time it was interesting because the
number of times that the UN condemned
Israeli force dropped considerably and I
want it I want to get to those numbers
to just prove that Nikki Haley's
argument actually doesn't make much
sense before the United States joined
half the country specific votes
condemned Israel during the first six
years the United States was a member
resolutions critical of Israel dropped
to 1/5 u.s. membership also led to a
sharp decrease in the number of special
sessions that focused exclusively on
Israel's treatment of the Palestinians
so the u.s. gets involved and and we
know that there were a number of
incidents throughout the years you know
flare flare ups and violence between
Israelis and Palestinians yet the number
of of meetings and number of times that
Israel was condemned in that period
dropped considerably when the US was
involved look if we're not interested in
human rights maybe it's a good thing we
left at Council I can't believe they've
made us an international pariah
we're the ones who started the United
Nations so we pushed for human rights
all across the world we were the shining
city on a hill now we're the ones that
celebrate people who do human rights
violations and abandon these councils
and when we're on them
we actively suppress any efforts to
actually fight for Human Rights so it's
damned if you do damned if you don't and
by the way this is not just the Trump
administration yes Obama brought us back
into the Human Rights Council but as
Anna just pointed out while we were on
there look don't you dare criticize
Israel it doesn't matter what they did
who they are our political allies for a
great number of reasons and so we will
not tolerate you telling the truth about
Israel and then Elliot Angle today who
is the top Democrat in the House on the
committee that oversees the State
Department said we shouldn't leave why
because we should stay to protect Israel
north that's exactly what you said but
which by the way if that's really what
your interest is then yeah I mean having
the u.s. involved will would lead to
more pro-israel influence within this
Human Rights Council but just to look at
the broader picture for a second keep in
mind that this is the third multilateral
agreement that the Trump administration
has pulled out of right so this UN Human
Rights Council the Paris climate
agreement and also the Iran nuclear deal
now there are different things right
you're talking about a nuclear deal
you're talking about a council focused
on human rights but nonetheless it gives
you yet another example of the Trump
administration taking a more
isolationist approach on anything
involving human really Foreign Relations
I should say now I agree with those who
don't want intervention in other wars
but why are we pulling out of agreements
why are we pulling out of deals that
actually keep a certain portion of the
world or a region of the world safer I
mean it's all about this protectionist
ideology that Trump has well look our
enemies must be ecstatic
you know whether it's political economic
etc if you're China or you're Russia or
even if you're Iran you got to be
thinking excellent way to destroy
yourselves withdraw from the world burn
almost every treaty that you had so no
one can trust your word anymore don't
get involved in in pushing for human
rights
Ronen China have to be beside themselves
with happiness over this right and let
alone Russia etc and they just took down
pictures of McCrone from the White House
and put up pictures of kim jong hoon now
there's beaming pictures inside the
White House of our president with
dictators how dare you okay you want
nuclear war right that's what you want
Jake wants nuclear war because we're
criticizing photos of an authoritarian
dictator up on the White House so I want
a peace treaty with North Korea I want
treaties with all these different
countries because it brings us together
but we're burning all the positive
treaties and scorching them and then
going on but wait wait I can make a deal
with a dictator which by the way was not
a deal if it was an actual deal of big
favor of it we just gave him whatever
you wanted and got nothing in return and
now we're attacking Canada if you were a
foreign government and you wanted
America to destroy itself
you couldn't find a better president I
mean he has attacked all of our allies
and our treaties and our alliances and
empowered all the people that we were
concerned about and then back to this
issue of the Human Rights Council one
more thing it just drives me crazy when
they're so disingenuous and by the way
the rest of the press you have got to
point this out they say they were
concerned about other countries that
have human rights abuses that are on the
council for example saudi arabia united
arab emirates afghanistan egypt iraq
qatar all our allies so now there are
some non allies on there like Venezuela
and China and Cuba etc but wait wait
wait your concern about Saudi human
rights abuses I'm concerned about Saudi
human rights abuses but you got a funny
way of showing it if you're the Trump
administration you're giving them bombs
to obliterate Yemen and cause on the
worst human rights conditions in the
whole world
don't give me crocodile tears about how
oh my god golly gee I'm worried about
Saudi Arabia being on the council
they're one of our top allies because of
the Trump admit to be fair because of
all of our administration's so whatever
Saudi air
Rabia does American government boughs
down whatever Israel does American
government boughs down and then turns
around and says oh well I don't want to
be on the council's maybe Saudi Arabia
and some other people are on it yeah and
and you guys are being too tough on
Israel not not incorrect we just don't
want you to criticize them for all the
different abuses they have clearly done
and every organization has said that
they have done right you can't criticize
you know Saudi Arabia being part of the
Human Rights Council when you yourself
are making deals with Saudi Arabia as we
speak we knew yourself are helping Saudi
Arabia in Yemen as you mentioned Jake
but by the way the the Human Rights
Council has those members listed as not
free it's not like the Human Rights
Council is like ah Saudi Arabia a pat on
the back right so again you're right
it's all a disingenuous attempt to make
it seem as though you know this council
is worthless and that they're being too
strict on you know one country as
opposed to all these other countries
that's just not true I think at the
heart of this issue is not just you know
the pro-israel messaging that we've been
seeing from the Trump administration
it's also the fact that Trump himself
doesn't respect or care for human rights
he just doesn't he doesn't care about it
at all you see what's happening at the
border with children being ripped away
from their parents you see you know how
much love and admiration he has for you
know dictatorial people throughout the
country including kim jeong-hoon he has
no respect for people who do believe in
true diplomacy and being and the
importance of being a good ally like
Justin Trudeau Trump is he doesn't
believe in our system of government he
doesn't really believe in freedom he
doesn't believe in in protecting humans
and making sure that they don't fall
victim to human rights abuses he is the
antithesis of what our founding fathers
wanted as a leader for the United States
and he is an embarrassment you day after
day it gets worse and I don't know when
it's gonna end it feels like it's never
gonna end but at some point we need to
check his power he is now doing things
unilaterally more and more he is pushing
people away refusing any type of advisor
who goes
against him it's a dangerous situation
regardless of your political identity
you need to realize that he doesn't want
any checks on his power who are the
foreign leaders that he compliments
Duterte right
a tyrant Vladimir Putin a tyrant Kim
jong-un a tyrant President Xi in China
he just applauded for becoming president
for life
so if you're a dictator Paul Trump's
gonna have nothing but compliments for
you you're if you brutalize your own
people trouble say you're very strong
you're a very tough and smart guy but if
you're a democratic ally of ours you
will burn your house down whether it's
France Germany Canada how many allies of
ours has he attacked and if you wanted
to set a path to destroy our alliances
and and make us isolated and weak this
is exactly what you would do two easy
ways follow young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
