more kids are being separated from their
parents and temporarily housed and what
are essentially summer camps what side
of history do you want to be on do you
want to be on her side San Diego
union-tribune described them today is
looking like basically boarding schools
or do you want to be on the right side
because let me tell you this no one in
the right side of history ever referred
to children being stripped from their
parents and locked in cages as going to
summer camp no one on the right side of
history
consistently dehumanized immigrants by
describing them as roaches or animals no
one on the right side of history cited
the Bible to rationalize snatching
children as young as eight months from
their parents is very biblical to
enforce the law no one on the right side
of history has ever had to nitpick what
a definition of a cages no one on the
right side of history ever stood by and
accepted the terrible and inhumane
treatment of children just because
they're immigrants nobody on the right
side of history thought this was the
answer to a flawed policy
last night laura ingraham proves she's
not gonna falter
under the competition from Tanja
lobotomy as the world's most soulless
person to read a teleprompter no sir
she's taking that top spot and holding
firm let me ask you Laura seen how swell
of a person you have turned out to be
I'm not sure I even want to know the
answer for this question but in any of
the summer camps you attended as a kid
sound like this
what about age restriction you see the
youngest attendee to one of these summer
camps happens to be a now unaccompanied
eight-month year old child did your
parents send you to account when you
were that young or were you just too
busy repeatedly watching Birth of a
Nation and in any of these camps you
attended where any of their camp
counselors charged with a super
aggravated sexual assault of a
four-year-old girl after her mother an
undocumented immigrant was being
blackmailed to stay silent about the
abuse or face deportation No
What's Wrong her clan got your tongue
let me repeat there are two sides of
history you can choose to be on you can
choose to be on Laura's side where you
call arguably one of the greatest role
models of our generation uneducated and
essentially tell him to shut up and
dance or someone once said shut up and
dribble and then describe detention
centers where children are being ripped
from their parents covered in foil
sheets and left to fend for themselves
as light breezy summer getaways or you
can choose to be on the other side
resist this despicable abomination and
stand against those who seek to diminish
and minimize the horrific treatment of
human beings they call animals this
should be bipartisan people or at least
you would assume that in 2018 America
children as young as four having to look
after other children would outrage the
majority of American citizen and it does
most Americans do oppose these practices
but under this administration many have
nevertheless decided to replace empathy
with politics using every possible means
to rationalize a decision that again if
it was taking place in any other
developed country in the Western world
would outrage
the very same people making excuses for
it citing the Bible Corner Detention
Center summer camps or boarding schools
claiming these children are actually
crisis actors disputing whether they're
actually kept in cages or just fenced
enclosures I mean
that's what border patrol draws the line
calling them cages so what will you do
will you join Laura's dinner party will
you turn a blind eye make peace for
yourself under this false pretense it's
stripping an eight-month-old from her
mother will make your life any better or
will you resist this shite fight
alongside those who seek to end this
atrocity regardless of political
affiliation make your voice held donate
here and take a stand man don't be on
her team follow me on instagram at
Francis and Maxwell on Twitter also at
Francis and Mac so I'll be posting a
link on my Instagram to where you can
donate to help and fight against this
injustice you can get to uit app here
and as always continue to resist
