these child actors weeping and crying on
all the other networks 24/7 right now
how do you deal with Liars honestly how
do you deal with actual liars
earlier this week the DHS secretary
tweeted that this administration doesn't
have a policy of separating children on
the border this is a lie a bold-faced
lie
here's a highlight reel of videos
confirming that it's a lie
and this is what the government saw fit
to release they don't care that these
are concentration camps they want you to
know because it's a deterrent our
department of homeland security
personnel can to separate the children
from their moms and dads yes I am
considering an audit to deter more
movement along this terribly dangerous
Network I am considering exactly that
this is John Kelly a year ago when he
was the department of homeland security
secretary now John Kelly's opinion on
cruel and racist policies hasn't changed
over the course of a year just like my
dedication to calling those who dare
steal video game valor on my Instagram
and twitch video gaming is service and
you should thank me for it but what did
change is how we treat Liars it used to
be that when you were caught red-handed
and a lie you had to own up to the fact
that you lied but not in 2018 baby just
double the down work move the goalposts
and claim that the law has always been
that way that you can seek asylum but
just at a port of entry this
administration has a simple message if
you cross the border illegally we will
prosecute you if you are seeking asylum
go to a port of entry which our ports of
entry will be still separate families
mind you because maybe they're not
actually families maybe they are super
immigrant babies coming to kill us all
or maybe they're just crisis actors do
not fall for it mr. president these kids
are being I'm so sorry we have to go
given scripts to read my liberals listen
here you bag a fermented horse if you're
gonna defend white supremacy on national
television the least you can do is give
us a new take you already wrote a book
about how the 9/11 victims were guys'
actors and another piece of bullshit
that I love is Obama did this too but no
one talked about it which is partially
true when you talk about mainstream
media but it doesn't change the main
point that this is still bad also how
come Trump needed a signature promise to
dismantle everything Obama did but then
decided to keep this Obama era policy
maybe it's not about Obama at all but
about coddling some Americans who feel
threatened that immigrants are coming to
take their germs they to guard yeah but
just for the record just so there's no
confusion here the current government
policy is to separate children from
their families at the border as a
deterrent for future immigration that's
what it is that's what's happening and
now we have detention facilities lining
the border that are prisons for children
and Republicans
like this policy but they don't want to
come across as offensive and inhumane
even though these policies are offensive
and inhumane and Republicans know that
their inhumane that's why they're
desperately throwing any excuse they can
come up with against the wall to see
what might stick to shield them from
having to admit how draconian and
inhumane what they're doing is if you
are smuggling a child then we will
prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you as required by law
you put the policy together my guy you
have all the power in the world to
decide whether to exercise it or not so
how do you deal with someone who
approaches you from this angle well you
deal with it by sharing this video and
then you deal with it by holding the
government accountable and by demanding
your representatives make change
