Donald Trump is capitalizing on the
immigration issue in Germany and he is
apparently spreading some lies about the
crime rate attributed to immigrants in
the country now in a recent tweet he
wrote the following the people of
Germany are turning against their
leadership as migration is rocking the
already tenuous Berlin coalition crime
in Germany is way up
big mistake made all over Europe and
allowing millions of people in who have
so strongly and violently changed their
culture now if you look at the numbers
the actual data pertaining to crime in
Germany you'll notice that crimes
actually at record lows official figures
from last month show that the national
crime rate felt 5% since last year in
Germany dropping to the lowest level
since 1992 so also the number of crimes
committed by non German individuals
these are the immigrants fell 23% now
there was a slight increase in a
specific type of criminal activity in
Germany 2.5 percent increase in
anti-semitic attacks with 94% of them
committed by far-right German nationals
so yeah most of the crime that's being
committed right now or the uptick in
crime is specifically related to
far-right German nationals in the
country thank you okay two things here
one is what I saw the crime was down 5%
I said well look to be fair Merkel
allowed it over a million immigrants in
2015 so maybe there was a big spike up
then and then a little bit of a comedown
from that no no crimes the lowest been
since 1992 that's a long long time so
what is this as usual a blatant complete
lie not attached to even a nugget of
truth where did Donald Trump get it from
by the way as usual it appears that if
Fox News did a segment on it with
another right-wing pundit who was
talking about oh my god
German
they're in big trouble there culture so
I'll get to that in a second what that
code words for although anyone it can
realize what it is and and the crime is
up and the people of Germany are so mad
at Merkel etc and so Trump sees that and
he's like okay that's it perfect and so
now let's give the second part the
racism the clear obvious racism so Trump
talking about how they the culture of
the immigrants has violently changed the
culture of Germany well where the
immigrants coming from Africa and the
Middle East right so now it's not true
so if it's not true then why are you
saying it because in his mind the German
culture is a good culture because by the
way the Germans would never be violent
okay let that sink in
look Germany right now is largely
left-wing very left-wing compared to us
here in the United States
wonderful god bless I got nothing wrong
with it but the idea that Germans could
not possibly be violent or have a bad
culture I don't have to explain why
that's preposterous but the real problem
is the brown people the brown people
coming into Germany and ruin ruining
their culture right with no facts
whatsoever to back it up other than your
racism about their culture it's actually
a code word obviously for a race and
ethnicity by the way when Brian Kilmeade
was talking about it on Fox News the one
that got Trump all worked up he
specifically said 1 million refugees
coming in from the Middle East and
Africa and Asia and he talked about how
the good people of Bavaria we're gonna
we're standing up against it Bavaria is
actually a part of Germany not all of
Germany and but Bavaria sounds very you
know white like ooh Bavaria versus
Africa in the Middle East all right yep
well look this type of messaging
unfortunately works and you start to
feel so hopeless while you know talking
about the facts because for a huge
portion of the population facts don't
matter
what matters more is emotion and fear
and so even though we gave you the
statistics even though we showed you
that crime caused by immigrants is
actually at an all-time low it dropped
by 23% the majority of Germans do not
want more immigration they do not want
it 62% of Germans want to turn away
asylum seekers at the border now look it
doesn't necessarily mean that they're
all like those on the Trump camp it
could just be that Merkel did actually
accept a lot of refugees and so maybe
the people of Germany feel like okay
we're at capacity we've taken in a lot
of immigrants but I do know that some
portion of those people have bought into
the fear-mongering that you hear from
you know the far-right including people
like Trump the other thing is look
people are reluctant to accept change so
when all of a sudden your country
changes a little bit and its complexion
changes a little bit then maybe he gets
thrown off by it you're a little scared
by it it takes you a little while to
adjust but you're not scared by the
actual crime because it's down not up
you're not scared of anything that's
actually happening it's like everyone's
law in America they'll pass laws against
Sharia law in places like Oklahoma as if
there are any Muslims in Oklahoma let
alone the Muslims are gonna take over
Oklahoma and Institute Muslim Sharia law
right so are the Africans the Middle
East and people from the Middle East
that came to Germany taking over Germany
in any substantial way no but when they
come in there is a little bit of a shock
hey Jeremy it looks a little different
so I just look I'm trying to cut the
people as much of a break as possible
because I get that change can seem scary
or unsettling but the guys who use it
for propaganda and stoke the demagoguery
are the ones that I think are the real
problems and issues here and in the case
of Trump who by the way talks about his
genes endlessly a really good gene so
good genes right some people have good
genes and others don't okay I'm like a
smart person and and that's what good
genes look like I want really bad genes
I hear you on that sister but
his view of the world is based on
genetics it's based on race he's proving
it over and over again is how he's
treated Latinos Muslims and blacks in
this country and now he's putting that
on Germany as well and making up facts
to go along with it yeah
by the way Interior Minister Horst C
Hoffer is is known as this
anti-immigrant politician in Germany and
even he admitted that crime is that
historic lows in Germany it's it's kind
of incredible two easy ways for the
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
