did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio a Texas
deputy has been accused and charged with
sexually assaulting a four year old girl
and then threatening her mother with
deportation if she told the authorities
about it Jose Nunez is his name and he's
a 10-year veteran of the Bexar County
Sheriff's Department he faces a felony
charge of aggravated sexual assault of a
child according to a press conference by
authorities the girl had been assaulted
multiple times over the course of
several months and Nunez had apparently
told the mother that she would be
deported if she reported him to the
police but she decided to go to the
authorities immediately anyway they're
working to get her protected status
while this case is pending but I mean we
have conversations about criminals in
America a lot these days and oftentimes
that discussion is led by the Trump
administration in an effort to defame
immigrants trying to come in the country
seeking asylum so let's talk about who
the real criminals are in the United
States yeah when you make certain people
powerless the potential for abuse goes
up exponentially so I don't know how
long Nunez has been doing this I hope
they do a thorough investigation I
imagine they will since they arrested
him and it might have been well before
Trump that he started this hehe but this
might not be the only case we don't know
yet where they're looking into it but in
a situation like this where immigrants
are incredibly afraid of what might
happen next
it's very easy to use that as leverage
against them now this is an extreme case
where
used to assault a four-year-old and then
hold that over the family's head but God
knows how many times it's happening in
how many different cases for someone
wants to abuse their power such an easy
card to play to say I could send your
whole family back
I could ruin your life have you deported
and the life that you know as it exists
today could end unless you do exactly
what I tell you you know oftentimes when
we talk about immigration or
undocumented immigrants in the United
States the conversation makes it seem as
though the criminals are those without
documentation but a lot of times because
they're so vulnerable they get taken
advantage of the ACLU did this extensive
research and report into the treatment
of unaccompanied minors that were
detained in the United States and they
found numerous cases of neglect denial
of medical treatment if you're an
undocumented worker in the United States
of course there are cases where you'll
be underpaid and you will be abused and
you can't do anything about it there
there is no legal recourse because if
you go to the authorities you could face
deportation and so let's let's talk
about that part of it as well because
these oftentimes are the most vulnerable
people in society who did escape their
countries because of violence or
terrible economic situations so good
news bad news at the end here sheriff's
office says that they're going to give
the mother a type of protective status
during the criminal investigation that
would prevent her from being deported
that's the good news the bad news is
they didn't say what happens after the
investigation right and so that's
another reason especially in the Trump
era where immigrants that are
undocumented are really afraid to come
forward and talk to the authorities
especially in non sanctuary cities
because they know that they could be
turned in right away so it doesn't
matter if you're right or you're wrong
in a lot of cases now here in this case
the local authorities are doing the best
they can and and they're doing the right
thing and protecting the family and
protecting the girls a great credit to
them but I literally don't know what's
gonna happen when the investigation is
over because I this is what ice does ice
goes around goes okay that's a public
person we know is undocumented
I don't give a damn what happened to
them they're a target yeah so I I'm I'm
afraid of what's already happened and
I'm afraid of what's gonna happen two
easy ways fall Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
