around one-third of the country is
against Donald Trump's policy of taking
children away from their family members
at the border as they seek asylum now
since there's been backlash toward this
policy it seems that Trump and other
administration officials are placing the
blame more and more on the Democrats
even though there is no law indicating
that these kids need to be stripped away
from their parents there was there's
complete control in the House and the
Senate
of Republicans and Trump is not just the
president but the president who has
clearly on numerous occasions
exercise complete executive power
unilaterally so if Trump wanted to stop
this policy he could literally do it at
any moment any moment that he wishes he
says which is his policies his policy
he's the one who implemented it along
with his Attorney General Jeff Sessions
they stuck they started in April we all
saw it with our own eyes when she
announced it but he's gonna lie about it
anyway so here they go let's take a look
immigration is the fault and all of the
problems that we're having because we
cannot get them to sign legislation we
cannot get them even to the negotiating
table and I say it's very strongly the
Democrats fault their obstruction or
they're really obstructionist
and they are obstructing if the
Democrats would sit down instead of
obstructing we could have something done
very quickly good for the children good
for the country good for the world it
could take place quickly we could have
an immigration bill we could have a
child separation we're stuck with these
horrible laws they're horrible laws
what's happening is so sad is so sad and
it can be taken care of quickly
beautifully and we'll have safety okay
I'm sorry I have to jump in because this
is driving me absolutely insane first of
all let's be clear about one thing
Donald Trump is holding immigrant
children huh
stage until he gets exactly what he
wants from the Democrats and that
includes a border wall and he also wants
to get rid of the Flores settlement
what's the Flores settlement well it
offers protection for children who have
been detained by the US government it
clarifies how long children can be in
custody it talks about how these
children need to be treated when they
are in detention he hates that he wants
to get rid of that he also wants the
funding for the border wall which by the
way when he was running for president he
said that it was going to be paid for by
the Mexican government of course it's
not going to be paid for the Mexican by
for the Mexican government it's gonna be
paid by US taxpayers secondly there has
been attempts at bipartisan legislation
but Trump doesn't think that it goes far
enough Democrats and Republicans have
gotten together there were two bills
proposed and Trump said on the record
that he will not sign either one of
those bills because it is not hard on a
group immigration enough for him so that
what you just watch from Donald Trump
was a ransom note he said I've got
hostages
it's horrible it's horrible what could
happen to these kids you never know what
could happen to these kids
it's horrible so now the Democrats
should come to the table if they care
about those kids and give me what I want
Republicans you must be so proud man you
got all those little hostages and
they're breaking our hearts then they're
breaking the whole country's heart
gotten high we got a gun to their heads
they're never gonna see their parents
again or they're not gonna see them for
a long long time unless you build us
that wall by the way did Democrats it's
not like they're fighting hard they
offered three billion dollars for that
wall that's why you should own they
shouldn't have offered three cents and
Trump said no I want twenty billion
dollars for the wall okay and at the
time he'd taken the dreamers hostage
remember during the campaign he said no
no the dreamers they're good we're gonna
find you know why eight out of ten
Americans say that the dreamers should
have a pathway to citizenship these are
the kids that were brought in not of
their own volition that have lived in
America they don't know where the
country that they came from they don't
remember from being there most of them
and they've been outstanding citizens
that's why it's overwhelming majority of
Americans agree with them in fact over
60% of Republicans agree that the
dreamers should get citizenship and
Trump already took the dreamers hostage
and it wasn't enough he's like alright
I'll start taking babies hostage now and
as they took one one baby while a mom
was breastfeeding is the picture of the
two-year-old today that's being taken
and he says well Dave they better come
to the table and give me what I want and
he and again he tries to get it both
ways
I want everything so Democrats better do
a deal with me plus he pretends that
it's the Democrats who are doing it you
heard it there if you don't know the
policy and you just landed from Mars you
might you and you just watch that and
you believe our leader is honest you'd
think oh I can't believe the Democrats
are taking the kids away in another
incidence he said quote the Democrats
have to change their law that's their
law there is no law he's lying there is
no law why is it that this is now all of
a sudden happening under the Trump
administration it didn't happen in
administration's prior to his if it was
the Democrats law they had a Democratic
president Barack Obama why didn't he
separate the kids from their families
when they came in because it's not a
democratic law it's a Republican
policies Trump's policy I want to go to
another Trump quote because I thought it
was revealing Trump asserted that
children are quote being used by some of
the worst criminals on earth yeah by you
you are holding them hostage and you
also happen to be a criminal so you know
you are literally utilizing these and
another thing that I wanted to mention
is is how interesting it is that Trump
does play hardball in negotiating with
those that are weak right with Democrats
who are weak Democrats are incredibly
weak this is an issue that they should
be incredibly aggressive about
especially knowing that 2/3 of Americans
based on these polls don't like what
Trump is doing but Democrats are weak
they won't play hardball when it comes
to an authoritarian dictator like Kim
Jong moon Trump gives them the bananas
right away right and so Democrats need
to learn something from that they need
to learn to play hardball they need to
learn that hey Americans don't like this
policy Americans were told that Mexico
was going to pay for that wall so if
I were Chuck Schumer or any other
Democrat I would be on cable news on
every news program I can possibly get on
and talk about how much that border wall
is gonna cost how Trump is holding these
children hostage I would share all the
videos I possibly can of what these
detention centers really look like I
would call out conservatives who claim
that they're in favor of Family Values
but support this hideous policy I mean
but they're where are they I don't know
I haven't really heard much from them so
everyone's not OSI Adam Schefter ted
Lieu talking tough on cable news that's
fine but Schumer Pelosi you're supposed
to be the so-called leaders how about a
press conference where you put up a
picture of the two-year-old and you go
Donald Trump took this kid hostage we're
looking to release the hostages and so
Donald Trump is a criminal who took them
hostage
we'll get criticized no don't say that
just let him say whatever he wants and
then we'll sit in a corner and then hope
that it plays out the way that we want
because god forbid we should take any
risks and we should fight back why don't
you show videos of Donald Trump over and
over again imagine if you did at a press
conference you know how much pressure
you get of Donald Trump saying Mexico is
gonna pay for it Mexico is gonna pay for
it and they say how come Donald Trump
lied or does he have any plan to make
Mexico pay for it because we're not
gonna pay for it he never said we were
gonna pay for it he said Mexico was
gonna pay for it so until he gets the
money from Mexico we're not having this
conversation and we demand an immediate
release of the hostages
just call my hostage taker over and over
and over again but Schumer and Pelosi
are hiding in a cave somewhere I mean
they're so weak it's pathetic
Kellyanne Conway did as kelly and Conway
usually does goes on cable news and just
regurgitates the nonsense talking points
spouted by Donald Trump take a look to
close the loopholes these loopholes are
allowing open border policy so that I
think what the president is saying is if
the Democrats are serious they'll come
together again and try to close these
loopholes and get real immigration
reform Chuck I don't remember a single
Democratic could be mistaken maybe one
murmured it but in their one-hour
meeting back in January in the Cabinet
Room were that president invited
senators and congressmen from the
Republicans and the Democratic parties
to the Cabinet Room I believe that your
your cable station covered it
five thankful one hour that this issue
come up the Democrats only want to talk
about Daka the dreamers we mentioning
this but it but in fairness kids weren't
being separated from their parents then
this policy that implemented in this
policy got implemented in April the zero
tolerance policy where every migrant
every asylum seekers treated as a
criminal and that what they are subject
to criminal prosecution that is an April
change so when this week its adjudicated
its adjudicated what they should have
said is look we had a surge over the
border in 2014 mr. president under
President Obama and it shocked everyone
and we simply didn't have the capacity
we want to avoid that in the future and
work with you look the Democrats on
adjust on it why don't they say work for
open borders even have her on why even
have Ron look Chuck Todd did an okay job
in you know it's basically fact-checking
her but why have her on why they're just
going to say what they usually say
they're gonna lie just like they do in
their press conferences why give them a
platform to lie again and again and
again that's the thing that drives me
crazy about establishment new shows I
hear you but they're in power so they're
they're like oh my god I'm gonna get
someone powerful there's no way they're
gonna resist that siren call look I'll
give Chuck Todd more credit I criticized
this that much press all the time right
at least he did fracture check her
immediately did you understand what she
said she said it's the Democrats fault
for not objecting to our policy of
taking the kids away in a meeting we had
in January the policy started in April
right so that makes no sense at all
so she came out with a battle plan of
saying I'm just gonna pick a Ally and go
it's a Democrats fault for not objecting
the policy when they didn't exist Kelly
a Conway knows it didn't exist in
January she works for the administration
she's on TV non-stop
she knows she's like what do I care I'm
just gonna lie on TV they went chucked
if Chuck Todd corrects me and that's a
big if but he did their credit where
credit is due right if he does it
doesn't matter cuz the Macra guys
believe anything I say anyway know there
was a Hot Tub Time Machine and the
Democrats should have objected they
didn't use their to time-travel machine
it's their fault and the Magra goes go
that's right oh- the time machine it
criticizes before it started
dad you know and they'll call Chuck Todd
and everybody else fake news and it and
since their followers are stupid they
they think we can say anything we want
to easy ways follow young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below then
you're at EIT subscriber and second is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
