did you know that TYT now is a full
audio network on top of our existing
lineup this launch is gonna bring you
brand-new slate of podcasts including
mouthy messy mandatory with Katy Anthony
and Ronit fan glass plank now that's a
weekly show that discusses everything
from family to really funny and
fantastic women to get more info on the
show and the whole TYT audio network
visit t y-t-dot-com slash audio the
secretary of homeland security Kirsten
Nielsen who is incredibly spineless gave
a press conference in an attempt to do
damage control because there has been a
lot of backlash to this immigration
policy and here's what she had to say
about the detention facilities it is
important to note that these minors are
very well taken care of don't believe
the press they are very well taken care
of you know this as many of you have
detention facilities of your own we
operate according to some of the highest
standards in the country highest
standards which is why the federal
government the federal government this
is not some muckraking journalist who
got this footage the federal government
released footage of what one of these
detention centers look like and it's a
cage it's a giant cage Border Patrol
hates that it's being referred to that
but that is essentially what it is let's
let's go to video 13 as b-roll as we
talk over it but you see what the
detention facilities look like this is
not a friendly environment they are
being detained as if they live in
prisons some of these kids are being
detained in a tent city in tornado Texas
I mean this is not really this is the
highest standards I mean it's America
maybe it is the highest standards we
have a gigantic homeless population so
maybe that's what she thinks u.s.
standards are by the way over the
weekend she had said that Oh about the
idea of taking any kids away from their
parents quote we are doing none of these
things don't believe the press then then
somebody has a reminder it's your policy
is actually popular with Republicans so
she comes out on Monday goes yeah we are
doing those things but it's awesome
and and they're living comfortably I
mean they're not with their parents
anymore and and they're sleeping on the
around with you know foil blankets but
you know the highest us standards by the
way and they're in cages but that's okay
no we're calling those just chained
fences so that's not really a cage we
just renamed it well she did change her
tune I want to quickly go to video two
here she is bragging about how you know
this is a hard line on family
immigration we're making a stand taking
us we have to do our job we will not
apologize for doing for our job we have
sworn to do this job this administration
has a simple message if you cross the
border illegally we will prosecute you
if you make a false immigration claim we
will prosecute you
if you smuggle illegal aliens across an
extraordinarily dangerous journey we
will prosecute you but I have also made
clear you do not need to break the law
so she goes from saying no we don't do
these things don't believe the media -
we will prosecute make false claims we
will prosecute you oh really so where's
the due process who determines who's the
arbiter of whether or not someone's
making a false claim these immigrants
usually actually in most cases have no
due process they have no representation
you know I want to read a quote from her
that I think is actually the worst
she said we do not have the luxury of
pretending that all individuals coming
to this country as a family unit are in
fact a family so is this as an Ann
Coulter like thing of they're not
actually a family they're child actors
or something what do you mean they're
not a family what do you I don't
understand what and then she continues
we we have to do our job we will not
apologize for doing our job we have
sworn to do this job so let's just be
clear over the weekend you said we are
not separating the families that was a
lie because you're a liar and then you
come out on Monday and you say we are
separating the families but it's our job
and we have to do it but they might not
even be families really give any
evidence that they're not really
families have you found any kids that
are actually not related no you're a
paid lawyer and that's why you do this
because the Trump administration is
sending you to do this and I guess you
do it happily yep Republican playbook in
the Trump administration
you double down on your lies and then
you go ahead and defame the very victims
that people are upset about right that's
what you do and by the way the reason
why I call her spineless isn't if you
can recall months ago Kirsten Nielsen
was thinking about quitting her job
because Trump went off on her during a
meeting because she initially refused to
implement this policy and so all it took
was the Dear Leader to go ahead and you
know tear her apart in a meeting and and
then immediately she concedes and does
exactly what he wants this ridiculous
terrible cruel policy of ripping kids
away from their family members I hope
your career is worth it for our long it
lasts so you protected it you appease
Donald Trump congratulations you must be
so proud
two easy ways to follow young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
