so how do Americans feel about what's
going on at the border with these
detentions with families getting
separated well there is a little bit of
hope because according to a recent CNN
poll two-thirds of Americans disapprove
of the Trump administration's practice
of taking undocumented immigrant
children away from their families only
28 percent approve but then you start
looking at political parties and of
course there is a pretty huge difference
between Democrats and Republicans among
Republicans 58 percent approve of it
again this is the party that preaches
about Family Values this is the party
that claims they care about you know the
traditional family with a mother and a
father and a child they're preaching
about it non-stop judging the lives of
every other American who has the
audacity to live a non-traditional
lifestyle but when it comes to this when
it comes to immigrants oh yeah rip their
kids away I mean I don't even have kids
but I can't understand how anyone would
be okay with someone taking someone
else's children away from them as that
family is desperately seeking asylum
even if they're not seeking asylum
how do you justify this policy I mean I
think it's cruel to just even turn the
family back right but it is a lot better
than taking the children away and
detaining them yeah so good news bad
news out of the poll so as an opponent
two-thirds of Americans are against it
in two different polls by the way one
conducted by SSRS on behalf of CNN
another one by Quinnipiac they both have
it at very similar numbers around 66%
saying we disapprove this policy both
have same numbers 27 28 percent saying
that they approve of the policy so
that's good
in fact immigration is the issue we're
Americans
most disapprove of Donald Trump with the
exception of health care so those are
the bottom two for Trump now Trump
always claims hey I'm doing this because
this is what the American people want no
actually that's the issue that they
disagree with you
almost most of any of the issues right
so the reason why his polymers are bad
but not yet disastrous although they
have now dipped back into the 30s
they're down to 39% by the way if for
any other president don't get me wrong
that's disastrous if Obama had gotten
ever gotten to 39% people would have
been screaming from the rooftop about
how he was done and he was a lame-duck
president etc but for Trump that's
fairly normal he's never been a popular
president never been above 45 percent
let alone 50 percent but the thing the
one thing that's holding him at those
numbers is that people think he's
handling the economy well that's where
he pulls the best at 49% now that's a in
my mind that's a joke because he's just
riding off of what Obama did we've shown
you the graphs in the past etc and the
tax cuts to be fair to him
you know some like it others think it's
a disaster down the road we'll see how
that comes out
but anyway though overall the point is
though Americans do not agree with
Donald Trump on immigration and if
you're not familiar with polling in
politics that's okay let me just tell
you I've been doing this for over two
decades 66 to 27 is a monstrous number
it's an enormous number like that that
means that issue is settled if we lived
in a democracy right so now the bad news
man Republicans I mean this is their
party so don't you know media look bill
they'll beat up Trump they'll do that
from time to time and they are doing it
on this issue okay but then they'll
create this imaginary line that does not
actually exist they'll say Trump is like
this but that doesn't mean Republicans
are no it does mean it this is the
polling so the reason that the
mainstream media will disingenuously
protect Republican voters is because
they think well that's part of our
audience and we don't want to offend
them and lose money right but the
reality is no the Republican voters are
in general as vicious as Donald Trump
that's why they picked them that's why
they're still happy with them so 55 to
35 saying yeah rip the kids away that
sounds great
yeah I mean
not only do Republicans support Trump
they will go out of their way to punish
Republican politicians who are deeply
conservative but have the audacity to
speak out against Trump in honestly the
most tame way imaginable right certainly
in some districts which is one of one of
the reasons why mark Sanford lost in the
primaries I mean he's as conservative as
can be but because he criticized Trump
it's over for him anyway yes so one more
thing on this and by the way I said 55
55 that's Quinnipiac in the CNN poll
it's 58% of Republicans going yes take
the kids away so let's talk about the
the political dynamics of that if you're
a Republican well you're gonna lose your
primary like Mark Sanford as Anna just
pointed out so you got to say I'm
sticking with Trump I don't care what
happens and and what the rest of the
country thinks I don't care the
two-thirds the country thinks we're
monsters I don't care my biggest concern
in these gerrymandered districts is a
primary if I get past the primary these
districts are mostly fixed so I can't
ever lose so I'm gonna be just as
vicious as the voters tell me to and 58%
of Republican voters tell me take the
kids away so I'm gonna do what they tell
me otherwise I'm gonna get fired like
Mark Sanford did and so now the the
twist and that is that now Republicans
are more I don't know if the right word
is right-wing more because you can't say
more vicious because you can't say more
conservative they they are now more
vicious than conservatives are so that's
a twist hold on
because now cuz servers are normally
more right wing than Republicans because
there's a range of Republicans and the
Conservatives of the right wing ones but
no in this case 51% of conservatives
agree still on the wrong side but it's a
lower number than 58% of Republicans why
because the Republican Party's become a
cult
so if Trump says it they say yes sir
absolutely sir I've always thought
Family Values was taking kids away from
their parents that's what I've always
thought whereas some conservatives and
give them credit like Franklin Graham
and a lot of evangelical leaders who I
don't agree with at all have come out
and said
this is disgraceful and it's not right
so some conservatives have peeled away
but the Republican cult has states
together even more in favor of Donald
Trump it's amazing so if anyone on TV
tells you it's not Republicans and that
Trump is an aberration it is not true
it's not backed up by the numbers the
Republicans are as vicious as their
leader two easy ways following Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
