so Trump has a range of lies right
there's the sad malicious lies there's a
well that's unfortunate but kind of
funny lies and then there's the
hilarious lies I'm gonna get to the
hilarious lie at the end here but first
let me give you the whole range real
quick
number one he there's lies that are just
ridiculous and pathetic there's he
recently when he was wandering around
the White House lawn and talked to
reporters said oh I hate to children
being taken away from their immigrant
parents the Democrats are making us do
it it's a Democrats law that's just not
remotely true that lie is so brazen that
even the mainstream media had to be like
no no there's just no way around it I I
can't call that a misstatement I can't
call it a miscommunication I can't call
it a prevarication I just got to call
that one a lie because it is definitely
not the Democrats policy its Trump
policy to take away the children of
immigrants so that light doesn't have a
funny component to it it's just a
malicious lie to try to get his own
supporters to believe that the Democrats
are doing the terrible thing
while they turn around and go but it's
actually a great thing that we're taking
away the kids so wait I thought you said
the Democrats did it all right so that's
an example of a lie that isn't funny
it's just political and weird okay
now the middle ground one is things like
North Korea I took their nukes away okay
I've solved it there now denuclearized
well they're not you got nothing in
return and saying that is funny
it also has consequences but it's not
the end of the world right here I'll
give you an even better example he says
James Comey what he did it was criminal
now the report that just came out was
about what he did to Hillary Clinton he
was so upset by it it's it's a violation
of the Constitution really you're so
upset by what James Comey did to Hillary
Clinton come on you're a magnet guy you
really think Donald Trump who had people
chant lock her up about Hillary Clinton
is upset with James Comey did to Hillary
Clinton during the election and that
he's so worried that it's criminal
look it's funny cuz that's so
preposterous on the other hand
he concluded that statement by saying
you know is it criminal would Comey did
do it in other words I want to lock up
call me because of it because I'm
structure to justice that I did with him
right so that's not funny part but let's
get a little really funny one the
hilarious one so he thought about North
Korea and he says oh I got the soldiers
bodies back from the Korean War the
parents kept asking me they kept asking
me for it and they're so happy I got the
bodies back okay guys let's have fun
let's do a little bit of math okay the
Korean War was between 1950 and 1953 so
let's assume we had a young soldier go
at the age of 20 in 1950 just to make
the math simple that would mean that he
was born in 1930 so he he's 20 years old
he goes to the cream unfortunately he
passed away there and so Trump's got his
body back and his parents have been at a
scrum wait he was born in 1930 the guy
who died in 1950 in the Korean War so
his parents let's say they had on really
young at the age of 20 okay they had the
kid at 20 so that means his parents were
born in 1910 that would make them a
hundred and eight years old now there is
a lot of parents who've been calling
Donald Trump who are a hundred and eight
years old going
the Korean War a couple I like that line
and the thing is I guess his whole way
off that Unicorn to fight the dragon and
and congratulations on slaying that try
you are a mighty mighty Prince Donald
Trump any good that's right that's
exactly right that's what I did I didn't
even need the Unicorn I just used it
kind of like an uber okay oh yes sir yes
sir because he had money etc right kind
of so but now you're the president
stop it stop saying outrageous stupid
lies that we could obviously catch you
and there's not a lot of 100 neat your
old parents knocking down your door to
get the bodies look it's a good thing
you got the bodies back I'm glad you're
negotiating with the North Korea Zeta
you're doing a terrible job of
negotiating but I like that you're
trying to get peace leave well enough
alone but he can't he's pathological he
can't help himself the parents from the
career knee and they're so happy I got
those bodies back oh I just wonder it
