President Trump loves to brag about the
state of the economy but as I've pointed
out a million times before he's using
absolutely horrendous indicators so he
likes to talk about the stock market for
example that's not a good reflection of
how your average person is doing that's
a good reflection of how the rich and
corporations are doing and the fucked up
thing is when the stock market tanks
everybody feels the pain when the stock
market rises it really is only good for
the rich and for corporations it's no
reflection of how the average person is
doing so he points out the stock market
and he's you know clueless that were in
a giant bubble and it's all gonna come
crashing down but I digress and then he
also talks about the unemployment rate
now again terrible indicator because
what that doesn't take into account is
what kind of jobs are being created and
of course what we have is mostly
low-wage jobs that are replacing
previously higher paying jobs that were
pre recession jobs from 2008 from pre
2008 so let's look at take a look at a
better indicator let's look at the
official numbers for wages on Tuesday
the Bureau of Labor Statistics issued a
new release detailing the real earnings
summary through May 2018 the true
revelation was tucked away at the bottom
of the release in the production and non
supervisory employees section from may
2017 to May 2018 real average hourly
earnings decreased 0.1% seasonally
adjusted in today's dollars that's a
change from making an average of twenty
two dollars and sixty-two cents per hour
last May to making twenty two dollars
and 59 cents per hour this May the
report continued the decrease in real
average hourly earnings combined with
0.6 percent increase in the average work
week resulted in a point five percent
increase in real average weekly earnings
over this period in other words people
are working a few more hours a week so
they're taking home more pay but only
marginally so massively misleading
massively misleading when he brags about
all the economies doing wonderful doing
tremendous sometimes even goes
I say wages are up now it depends how
you measure it but according to some
measurements it's up in the sense that
it keeps up with Cola the cost-of-living
adjustment which means it's not really
up because it's effectively the same
amount and then measuring it other ways
it's not up so listen man
he's a cheerleader for his own for
himself that's what he is
and don't get me wrong he's a fantastic
cheerleader for himself nobody makes
their own case better than Donald Trump
makes his own case that's why he tries
to brag every day on Twitter is if
everything's hunky-dory the thing that
frustrates me and the thing that's
become very obvious to me is the
Democrats appear totally defenseless
they don't know how to fight back
they're just utterly clueless you know
obviously Bernie Sanders points out
stuff like income inequality for example
but you don't other Democrats have
literally spoken to the media about how
they're flummoxed and they're like I
don't how are we supposed to argue
against such a great economy really dude
really so the propaganda is strong and
the propaganda is powerful and the
Democrats are dumb and they're also
corporatist in their own respect so
listen here's the thing even though the
situation for regular people is dire and
it's not great right now we just have
been stagnating since the 1980s income
inequality is at a record high even
though that's the case if the stock
market doesn't crash and Donald Trump
keeps making his case and the Democrats
don't get their shit together there is a
chance he gets reelected and that's not
something you hear many commentators say
but I'm saying it and I'm warning you
far far in advance but if the economy
crashes totally different situation but
even with the economy with the stock
market doing well and the unemployment
rate low the Democrats could still
easily defeat them if they knew these
facts and had a counter argue properly
but naturally they don't know how to
counter argue properly so here we are
where it's a question move
into future elections
