a Tarrant County woman sentenced to five
years in prison for voting while on
felony probation my mom told me go vote
this is the last day go vote you know it
was like okay mom I'll go when I go work
55 year old Terry Road is charged with
first-degree election misconduct it's
time for another installment in my tale
of two America's series where I compare
the treatment of two people by the
justice system and try not to pull out
my blind slash ginger locks where you
can decide which with frustration from
the 100 Krystal Mason Mason voted in the
2016 election while on probation for a
prior tax crime she tried to cast a
provisional vote at her church after she
heard that her name couldn't be found on
the voter roll and the vote she
submitted never acts accountant nobody
told her she wasn't permitted to vote
not even her parole officer no the judge
yeah as a result Mason was sentenced to
five years in prison and recently lost
her bid for a new trial five more years
in jail for voting while unaware she
wasn't supposed to and of course Oh
voting while black and uh Noel and in on
the other hand we have Terri Lynn Roe a
woman from Iowa who was convicted of
voting for Donald Trump twice in the
2016 election ROK's reasoning was not
that she was on a well or did it by
accident it was that she believed
Trump's claims that the election was
rigged and voted twice out of concern
that one of her votes could be changed
to Hillary Clinton one vote for McCain
thank you and for her punishment wrote
was sentenced to two years probation and
a $750 fine was the judge also adding
that the felony will be erased from her
record after she pays her fine and
finishes probation now here's the thing
before those who denied that race is
ever an issue flood - the comments with
but it's different states she had a
prior offense the laws the law just
before he pop a vein trying to pretend
race has nothing to do with the
treatment of people of color in the
judicial system let me share with you
some information according to the US
Sentencing Commission on average black
people receive sentences 19.1% longer
than whites for the same crime and
blacks are also 75 percent more likely
to
face a charge with a minimum mandatory
sentence than whites and if you're ready
to come back at me locked and loaded
with the Ben Shapiro talking point of
blacks commit the majority of the crime
african-americans represent only 13% of
the population but a majority of the
innocent defendants who are wrongfully
convicted of crimes and later exonerated
they're also more than seven times more
likely to be wrongfully convicted of
violent crimes than whites and 12 times
more likely to be convicted of
nonviolent drug crimes if you've watched
any of my videos I have repeatedly
outlined in these disparities and how
blacks are less likely to receive the
kid gloves treatment by the justice
system from direct handling with police
to the sentencing and if you're still
not sold let's stick with Texas shall we
how about the fact that the very same
state that sentence crystal Mason to
five years for voting illegally
sentenced a sitting judge to probation
after he was found guilty of tampering
with voter ballots but that's not the
same right because because because I
mean let's just look at crystals case
from a purely logical standpoint if
you've just gotten out of jail and we're
fully aware of the laws on voter
restrictions why would you willfully
cast a vote I mean come on people
the crystals confusion reflects another
broader issue on voter laws over six
million Americans cannot vote because of
parole restrictions voting rights for
those who have sailed time vary
depending on the state like Vermont it
allows murderers who have been released
to vote while citizens of Mississippi
who commit perjury are barred from ever
voting again listen it's easy if you're
willing to open your eyes to the racial
disparity this is cut and dry a black
woman was crucified for making a mistake
she never knew was illegal while a white
woman and a white man are given a slap
on the wrist for willfully committing
the same act of fraud and unless we can
get Kim K on this case crystal like
countless others in America will remain
anchored to the prison system we have to
do better follow me on instagram at
francis m-max on twitter also at francis
m maxwell as always like and share the
video you can get the TYT app here
continue to resist
