there have been additional leaks from
the White House indicating that when
Donald Trump arrived to Singapore he had
decided that he wanted to meet with Kim
jong-un
a day earlier than what was planned and
individuals like Sarah Huckabee Sanders
had to sit him down and convince him
that that was a terrible idea they had
to tell him you should probably spend
this extra day to prepare which of
course he had no interest in but the
only thing that did seem to convince him
was that if they had met earlier than
what was planned then it wouldn't get as
much media coverage planned media
coverage than the original plan and so
then he finally caved and said all right
but his response to them was initially
well we're all here why can't we just do
it today I'm bored yeah yeah the child
president is bored and so the president
Joffrey wants the summit he wants it mr.
president
we have to prepare it's really important
we our diplomats have to prepare these
these are negotiations but remember the
knucklehead thinks and he literally said
oh no within the first minute of meeting
of we're gonna have a deal so but if you
think that way and you think diplomacy's
are irrelevant facts are irrelevant
checking with your allies is irrelevant
he gets surprised all of us all of our
allies by giving away the farm to to Kim
jong-un in the negotiations then you
think you why don't we just do it now
what do you guys preparing for there's
nothing to prepare I'm just gonna see
how much of a tough guy he is and if
he's really strong I'll give him
everything and if he's weak I'll run Oh
run him over
well it turns out he said afterwards
he's a great negotiator he's great I
didn't know that he's really smart I
mean one out of 10,000 can take over
from their dad and be a dictator you
know one out of one camp would be a
great negotiator if the person you're
negotiating with concedes right away
right I mean he's considered and look
again I know that they're gonna be
follow-up negotiations at least that's
what Mike Pompeo claims that's what
Donald Trump claims but even so Trump
has publicly said on numerous occasions
that he wants to stop the provocative
war games now you
dislike the provocative war games and I
hear you on that but that is a
bargaining chip that he has already
given away he has already given it away
and then after the conference he gave
away another bargaining chip he's like I
want to take out all of our troops no
that's the only thing that is bringing
team Jordan to any sort of table and the
fact that we signed this flimsy piece of
paper that's super vague it is like sure
the denuclearization of Korea some time
what if he's like yeah yeah yeah and
we'll give you the core games and we'll
probably give you some money and like no
problem and kim jongwan is like I'm I am
The King like I'm the Bob like I just
got so much stuff and I signed some very
vague piece of paper so here is Trump's
response to all this criticism because
it's it's really bothering him he wants
us to give him a cookie
and so he's upset that he's getting the
hate there meeting North Korea they're
doing so much for us and now we're on
our way to get denuclearization and the
agreement says there will be total
denuclearization nobody wants to report
that so the only thing I did was I met I
got along with him great we have great
chemistry together that's a good thing
not a bad thing
I met with stone we had great chemistry
it was wonderful we went on a tinder
date it was he thought it was right so
again I want to be super clear about
this I'm glad they met I want there to
be peace negotiations and I've said this
a million times whether it was
Democratic president or a Republican
president whether it's Iran or North
Korea you don't get to make peace deals
with your friends you make them with
your enemies so it began totally fine
and Ana and I said a million times on
the show we're glad he's doing it let's
see what happens but what they got out
of it was not total denuclearization no
hey Kim Jonathan said sure yeah I'll do
that eventually that's when a smart
person goes oh okay great how when what
are the details hey I've got all these
negotiators here I've got all my allies
here so I know there were certain things
you want like you want us to stop doing
joint military exercises you want us
take troops out I'm not gonna do that
unless you give me XYZ
but the idiot worst negotiator in the
world Donald Trump comes in goes okay oh
you said you're gonna eventually do it
right okay then I'm gonna stop joint
military ins so you just gave him
something real in return for nothing
right
so are they are is he gonna allow
inspectors in to see if they have a
nuclear program
no is he giving us anything no and then
the schmuck comes and goes we're gonna
take all of our troops out because I
don't like them there anyway god dammit
I want peace we all desperately want
peace we desperately don't want North
Korea to have nuclear weapons
but in order to get that you've got to
actually doing real negotiations I mean
look at what Anna said to me that was
one of the most I mean and you know it
with Trump and it's not surprising but
it really is so painful the only way
they convince them is not because they
needed more preparation etc the only
reason he waited to do it was they said
remember if we do it on Monday it'll be
Sunday night and you won't get as good
ratings on TV it's a good point good
point I want the good ratings okay we're
gonna wait we're gonna wait it's a big
reality show and I just had the imagery
of you know how you do the monkey giving
away the banana yeah yeah I just thought
of Trump that way because that's exactly
what he did with his bargaining chip in
this manner you had the image of being
on a first date like being on a first
tinder date and you're like you're like
I'll show up at the lobster restaurant
and then you order like this salad and
then suddenly you're like oh it's
especially when the Iran deal had these
conditions it had the inspectors it had
a time line they gave up uranium and
that was weak sauce but this which is a
handshake agreement probably because Kim
jong-un said you know you look great
today
yeah it's great that's more than enough
yeah and I'll say one last thing about
what Anna said look everybody thinks
he's the Republicans see he's an alpha
male and was in their context he is
because he bullies them and then Lindsey
Graham and Ted
crews and all these guys come and go and
they submit to him right but the minute
that he runs up against anyone who's
actually strong he immediately goes I
take the troops out under military
exercises he's not an alpha male that's
why Democrats Tecate try me nuts
you have to out strong him if you did he
boughs his head he's a very simple
primitive person okay he's a
knuckle-dragger he's a mouth-breather
all you have to do is show him strength
and he will bow down but they don't have
the courage or the ability to do that
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
