young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio drop it
all right who doesn't love this
empowered man with a congressional
candidate Brent welder Jews sued ulsan
you got it Joe is here jewels of course
a political journalist he's editor in
chief of prompt media he's done some
wacky things for Vice discovery and now
this before we talked about in the last
time he was on Brandt running in Kansas
third District and and he was a TYT
member former Wolfpack volunteer Bernie
Sanders delegate introduced the
amendment to get money out of politics
of the Democratic platform so Brent
great to have you on the show
hey I'm so glad to be here I've been
watching TYT for I think since 2005 and
been a longtime member and I just can't
believe I'm here today so you know
thanks for having me and thanks so much
for you know getting the word out about
our campaign it's so important so you
can tell Brent's a real toi team member
because it was his idea to drop it
really I like that okay so what we're
doing is yesterday we do people's
fundraiser for Brent and so you guys
know the context there's a poll that
shows Brent leading the Republican
incumbent by 7 points that's Kevin Yoder
he is one of the worst congressmen in
the country totally in bed with the
payday lenders takes more from them than
including anyone in the Senate which is
unbelievable because it's just a
congressman and so brent has him on the
ropes but unfortunately here come
Democratic establishment they're like Oh
Brent's gonna put away a Republican hold
let's try to stop that so they brought
in some big-money people that work for
Trump well yes in the Democratic primary
etc so tea or tea Kansas calm we did
this before and he raised money for
staffers you did you bring the pictures
we did we did I think yeah I think you
guys might have we have hired an amazing
field staff we were able to hire five
new staffers because of the TYT army
helping us out and they are just working
so hard we actually just in the last
month have talked to 7,000 voters and
keep in mind that in the last primary
like this there was about 30,000 people
that voted in our primary and we still
have two months to go and we've just
been expanding exponentially every week
every month on our campaign as we build
the the field team out so it's just been
absolutely important so I gotta tell you
before we show the new thermometer so
raising money for digital ads to compete
and I know the the group in Washington
that's gonna drop money in Brent's
campaign against him in it they was
probably about two weeks left in
election and it's gonna be a giant
amount of money we got a counter we can
do it with less but we need some money
you've got to get name recognition out
there and you got to deliver on this
so I Brent's trying to raise $30,000 to
be able to counter the outside groups
that are coming in we're gonna show to
you throughout you actually did a
fundraiser last night like I said
people's fundraiser and and we raised a
little bit of money we'll put that in
the thermometer but let's look at it for
the first time okay let's say $40 to
start let's just are three people who
put it it's already hot okay
so we're trying to get the 30,000 there
I look John did this before
alright I'll I'll do it to it and I
gotta up them right so yeah we had 300
bucks left on the last fundraiser and
and John said or 600 and he said if you
guys come up with a $300 match it okay
so come on over the course of this show
can we get to 3,000 just today okay if
you guys put in 3,000 I'll put three
hundred and one dollars oh I feel mildly
outdone and if I can say you know we are
coming up to the end of a vital quarter
we have our primary on August 7th you
know it's so important that we you know
hit these Mitch benchmarks so we can do
this digital program obviously we're
gonna have a professional campaign with
TV ads you know obviously have a great
field team mailings and everything but
it's so important we hit this thirty
thousand dollars from the TYT army
before the end of the month because you
know frankly we've been the last couple
weeks we've been falling a little bit
behind in our targets TYT raise us
$50,000 last quarter and it's really
been keeping us on track and we
absolutely need this so if the toi tika
army can jump in and help us out we're
gonna prove to everyone in the country
that progressed bold
of stances are not just good policy and
not will just will will not just help
people but it is the way to win even in
Kansas and we will be able to point to
my race and say this is how we can win
in any district in the entire country
it's so important yeah that's so right
if progressives were in the heart of
Kansas against a really conservative
congressman like Kevin Yoder it means we
can win anywhere and it'll be an amazing
message and last point and a half here
on this is that look it getting that
money by the end of the quarter is a
double win because then you have the
money to compete in the election but you
also have the media who takes that stuff
super seriously so if you do well in
fundraising then they basically give you
a lot more free media they go oh my god
Brent welder did well and he out raised
everybody and that got him in a ton of
press in Kansas so it's a double win so
thank you guys let's do it speaking of
thank yous at the end you know the half
is that you got a we got to raise the
money he's gonna spend it he already
hired the staff etc but then you have to
vote okay so the primary in August by
the way this shirt designed by one of
our viewers Imran Sheik so thank you and
Ron I love this one is my favorite it's
got money being washed out remember
Brent or fought to get money out of
politics it's perfect it's got the White
House being washed out and it says vote
you can get this I shop TYT dot-com last
thing on that is Father's Day is coming
up
overall guys watch out it's a trap but
I'll save that for another show that one
upside is 35% off on shop TYT calm okay
all right everybody miss minchin one
last thing it's it just so everyone
knows TYT Kansas calm please go there
right now and help us out there's the
link you know we can we can absolutely
do this I know we can and I need your
help I absolutely do I wouldn't be
asking if we didn't need it so much I'm
up by 7 points against the the
Republican incumbent so we will be off
to a great start but I'm tied in the
primary and you guys can help us get
over get over the the end finish point
at that point two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
