young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio we have got an incredible
exclusive for you this is from Ken
clippin Stein of TYT investigates and it
has to do with how ice officials are
trained and to what end so apparently
the Immigration and Customs Enforcement
Agency has contracted a private security
firm run by a former top CIA
interrogator to train ice officers an
intelligence collection and
counterterrorism elicitation according
to federal documents documents indicate
that the training is to help ice
officers collect information from
terrorist suspects we have more details
about the particular contract as well
the ninety one thousand eight hundred
and twelve dollar no-bid contract was
awarded on may 7th three days after the
Department of Homeland Security which
oversees ice authorized its
controversial new policy of separating
undocumented families caught crossing
the border and I think more than any
other number that's the one that you
should bear in mind because they are
going to attempt to if they are forced
to defend this new policy try to explain
it away as concerns over terrorism but I
think that the timing is suspect at best
why is it that in particular when you
start this new needless policy of
separating families that's when suddenly
you're bringing in former CIA officials
in interrogation and intelligence
collection that seems a bit odd and so
let's talk about the individual in
question the company is global travelers
and the founder of president Barry
McManus is a veteran of the CIA's
clandestine service he spent over 20
years as an interrogator ten years of
which he served as the agency's chief
polygraph examiner and we have a little
bit of information from him about what
this is apparently in in support of why
they're doing this new training and they
say although the ice procurement
documents characterizes the training is
utilizing counter-terrorist elicitation
experts to train officers in
intelligence collection McManus told TYT
it's not that I'm teaching interrogation
techniques I'm just
interviews he said interrogations or
accusatory in nature whereas interviews
are informational only and I have been
long on the record that I don't mind
informational waterboarding it's just
accusatory waterboarding that I am
against and that's saying that they're
doing waterboarding but they aren't
bringing in people who could certainly
teach it well and who knows what they're
gonna do I mean who would have ever you
know I remember back when when
waterboarding would have been completely
beyond you know anything that we would
ever imagine and you know and it's not
just waterboarding it's they use threats
of the CIA has been known to use threats
of rape mock SEC mock executions you
know there's been deaths of detainees
that were shackled in freezing
temperatures I do not trust the CIA one
bit to be you know spreading their
influence into ice and explaining to
them what their techniques are I don't
know I'm not saying they are gonna do
this but I also am saying how do we know
what they're gonna do anything is
possible obviously and nobody was ever
held to account so they feel like if
they do do that what's gonna happen
probably nothing all right as Kent
explains in the piece and we'll have the
link down below if you later you're
watching on YouTube or Facebook - so
you're gonna be the article for yourself
but McManus says look I wasn't in favor
of the torture that the CIA did so you
do with that information whatever you
think makes sense but he says look I've
been clear on it that's not what I'm
teaching you know but when the people
who worked at the CIA started talking
about no no it's not interrogations it's
interviews I started to get worried
about euphemisms right I remember it's
not torture it's enhanced interrogations
right so now I'm not saying McManus did
that I want to be clear about that
so now then I actually am reading the
piece because this is - RT investigates
there's objective investigative
reporters that actually you guys
financed and thank you for making this
story happen we couldn't have done it
without the audience including brent by
the way who gave to that campaign before
he was a congressional candidate in
Kansas but as I was reading through it I
was thinking well I don't know I does
ice normally do this do they normally
interrogate people are there a lot of
terrorists that come across the border I
don't remember and we cover the
every day I don't remember any
terrorists crossing the border in that
way normally and they actually most
common ways they get a legal visa and
then they do terrorism here in America
but that's why Kent story so good
because he wouldn't ask people so he
asked former ice official he asked
people who had their Pendergrass for
example chair of the American
Immigration Lawyers associations ice
liaison committee she deals with ice all
the time she said that it's a shift to
something darker within ice so that's a
quote that got me worried and she said
that this isn't something that typically
goes on and I'm quite frankly shocked
that this is the direction of things are
going and a retired ice officer former
Special Agent Robert Uribe Alvarez said
that this is investigations are not
something that is typically undertaken
by enforcement and removal operators in
other words these guys are supposed to
spot people crossing the border and then
hand them over they don't do the
investigation a Joint Terrorism Task
Force would do one if they thought there
was some connection to terrorism him or
other organizations would do it if it
wasn't related to terrorism
so apparently this is unusual to bring
in someone to train them on responding
so-called terrorists the second reason
that I'm concerned by it is if all you
have is a hammer all of a sudden
everything starts to look like nails so
if you train them like all the
terrorists are coming the terrorists are
coming all of a sudden they're all
looking for terrorists and part of the
training is trying to figure out their
body language to tell if they're lying
now look at airports I think some of
that stuff might be useful and you know
are they nervous are they instead of
trying to judge their skin color or
ethnicity judging their actions I think
is a better way to go but if we all of a
sudden we tell the ice guys the
terrorists are coming and watch out if
they're sweating too much as they just
cross the desert or they're nervous
because they're you're law enforcement
efficient our time ahead cetera they
might be terrorists well okay now you've
opened up a can of worms that that did
not exist before and and I think that
ice has been far too
to begin with and and in a lot of ways
as they're going through the country and
I just said the borders but in the
middle of upstate New York they're
snatching people and and sometimes
American citizens because they thought
they looked suspicious in other words
let's keep it real brown right so for
those guys now to be looking for
terrorists across the country when
that's not how terrorism has happened
historically in America and at a bare
minimum it's a total waste of resources
what we're really worried about is that
it might be worse than that an abuse of
power yeah well and and thank goodness
that TYT has real investigative
journalists out there exposing these
kind of stories because what we don't
have right now is any government
oversight over this one of the ways I
know this is you know I mentioned
earlier my opponent is the the chairman
of the the Homeland Security
subcommittee who is really the person
that's supposed to be holding Trump to
account on this kind of thing but he has
actually said that he is going to
support Donald Trump no matter what
crazy things he does and so you know
this is you know again it's so important
that we flip the house that we get
people like like Kevin Yoder out of
there and get people in there that will
actually provide some government
oversight investigate have subpoena
power and you know protect protect all
of us and protect you know the victims
of these kind of situations well I mean
we absolutely need to flip the house to
the Democrats and and because this is
all that's happening right now is
they're drawing a line between
immigrants and terrorists and that's not
only is that crazy and it and it sort of
helps them criminalize really people of
color like you said it's not they're not
stopping white people at the border and
saying oh you might be a terrorist even
though the number one source of terror
in the United States is white men it's
white disenfranchised in some way men
but but that's who it is and not only
does the you know right-wing media not
only ignore this but but sell the
absolute opposite narrative but now
giving ice this our the opportunity to
you know call random immigrants
terrorists on suspicion and then to I
mean also they'll probably be torturing
them on some level you know sleep
deprivation or some you know these
things that that the CIA has generally
deemed not torture or not
hands interrogation just interviewed
tactics like it's just this insane
constant push and the only way to stop
it is is get republicans out of Congress
and that's I mean you know best of luck
we need it
I mean it's designed to dehumanize these
people and you know first you dehumanize
them then you try to take their rights
away you know when I get into Congress
I'm going to do everything I possibly
can to stop this and be a voice for it
and it's just it's just so important
because the people who need a voice most
in our country and our society are the
people who constantly don't have it and
it's time that we send people to
Washington to finally do that so look
I'm reminder the Sandra Day O'Connor
quote so if you're thinking out there
well Isis hasn't started torturing
people yet but I said and started doing
a lot of the raids that they're doing
today under previous administrations and
they had not been consulting with the
CIA on how to catch terrorists just not
in their purview before this
administration and Sandra Day O'Connor
when talking about creeping Authority
Gnaeus I'm under George Bush said I'm
worried about these beginnings that lead
to those ends okay
and so and it has begun and we're all
worried about where it ends two easy
ways fall young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
