young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio a state lawmaker in Arizona is
catching a little bit of heat from his
party following some statements he made
about how there aren't enough white kids
to go around in the state's public
schools this is state representative
David stringer now I want to put words
in his mouth I want to be fair to him so
why don't you hear from him today
represents an existential threat to the
United States if we know something about
immigration very very soon I want you to
focus on the most important sentence in
that in Grint immigration is politically
destabilizing at the end of the day it
always goes back to that we are the
Republican Party we are racist
we are hateful people don't usually like
to vote for us because of those reasons
unless they look like us so we need to
do something about immigrant kids we
need to do some about immigrants they're
politically destabilizing it's that's
what it's really look they of course
think they're inferior that immigrants
are inferior but more importantly
they're worried about what increased
diversity
means for them and their political
future that's what they really care
about and by the way there aren't enough
white kids to go around so what is your
solution
there are a lot of immigrants who have
become legalized here in the United
States they're going to continue getting
married having kids they might even mix
with kids
so like what's your solution like forced
procreation among white couples I got
only whites only whites yes because
there aren't enough white kids to go
around were they going so he didn't say
legal immigrants versus illegal
immigrants
he said whites and then he talked about
demographics and there's shifting
demographics and then he said it's an
existential threat to the United States
hold on list thing about what that means
if the United States is a combination of
immigrants Asians Latinos whites blacks
etc why would it be an existential
threat to the United States if the sign
on the Statue of Liberty is right give
me your poor your wretched refuse of
your teeming Shores etc why would it be
an existential threat but if your view
of the United States is white and only
white then yeah it is an existential
threat to the white United States of
America it's back when you were in
charge because it's not like white
people are going away it's not like
they're not having enough sex it's not
like they're not having enough kids
that's actually not an issue it that's
an issue in other countries or is there
enough of a birthrate it center that's
they largely not an issue here no what
they're saying is we're gonna lose
political power and we used to rule over
them and we won't be able to rule over
them anymore and our white supremacy
will be lost this is the reason why the
redistricting happens gerrymandering
happens this is exactly the reason why
states like Ohio are now making it even
more difficult for people to vote they
are purging their polls and the Supreme
Court just waited on that and said
absolutely please go ahead purge your
polls okay story we did earlier this
week if you want to look into the
details of that so this it's always
policy that positive
impacts the Republican Party because
they can't win based on the merits of
their ideas and so they have to rig the
system in their favor and and in his
mind this is hey immigration
I mean diversity that's politically
destabilizing to people like me we need
to do something about this white kids
they need to go around
so now Animesh in that story that's a
really important story if you want to
catch all of our shows become a member t
whitey calm /join don't miss this stuff
all this is very important I mean
they're rolling through here and so it I
used to think that hey white supremacy
that sounds a bit extreme but it turns
out we're in extreme times they've come
out of the closet and they're not hiding
it anymore they're not talking about
legal immigrants versus illegal
immigrants in fact now they're saying we
should bar the legal immigrants because
of what they call chain migration that
is the primary way that legal immigrants
come to this country they don't want
that anymore why cuz they're afraid
they're gonna lose their supremacy it's
real and they're now just admitting it
so Anna did the guy apologize
of course he didn't apologize look to to
the credit of some Republican state
lawmakers they did come out and reject
him which is actually a fresh of breath
air in this era because representative
Steve King has been retweeting well no
neo-nazis and Republicans on a federal
level haven't denounced him still
haven't denounced him so it's nice to
see that some Republican state lawmakers
in Arizona have come out and condemned
him for these statements but overall I
mean the strategy now is to double down
on your bigotry that's what Trump does
he never apologizes and it's worked out
smashingly for him and stringer not only
didn't apologize he said well look the
president says similar things well
unfortunately that's true and he said he
then started talking about African
Americans and how they're not
assimilating doubling down
okay wait a minute African Americans
have been here for centuries what do you
mean they're not as simulating what does
that mean I don't know what like so yeah
I literally don't know what he means
you want him to be white it can't be
white I don't know what you want him to
do it's not like he says oh there's some
people aren't still have accents what do
you want them to do about there why do
you care why does that bother them so
much okay what did the whole notion of
assimilation coming from people like him
is beyond insulting as long as people
come here and they follow our rules
follow our laws they can practice
whatever culture they want as long as
they're not breaking any of our laws I
don't care if it makes you uncomfortable
I'd like the fact that people with
accents make him uncomfortable gives you
a sense of who he is and how
devastatingly insecure he is as a human
being he went on to talk about how
people that became in the past from
Ireland Sweden and Norway etc did not
have accents okay they had access to the
beginning you idiot right second of all
people from Ireland speak English so
poor example anyway he's like what they
don't have access anymore
well okay then welcome the Latinos that
are coming to the country and they won't
have access in one generation so for
example I came when I was 8 I don't have
an accent you must love me right my
guess is no no you're not gonna whether
it's access they're not access you don't
love them and it's because in his case
he's a proud apparently white
supremacist and he's a state
representative in the state of Arizona
if you're a Latino or any non-white
person that he represents do you think
he's representing you because he sees
you as something that's politically
destabilizing he sees you as a threat to
his white supremacy and he sees you as
someone to be commanded and controlled
and not someone to be respected and to
represent he thinks my job is to lord
over you not to represent you they
should vote them out of office as
humanely as quick as humanly possible
look up a couple of Republicans in
Arizona said the right things about
stringer now it goes the Republican
voters in the next election in the
look there's Democrats there - there's
independence I hope that they go out and
vote but will Republican voters look at
this and go I can't believe he said that
it looks like he doesn't believe in
American principles or will they be like
white supremacy rocks I like this guy
and of course at the end What did he say
he said what Trump says all the time
hey I just tell it like it is yeah it's
true you did tell it as it is in your
mind and you explained that you are
racist and you were very very clear
about it two easy ways follow young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
