young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio I like chivalry chivalry's awesome
but for some reason that issue really
fires people up in the country fires
feminists up and then it also fires a
anti-feminists up and nothing showed you
that or summarize that better than this
interaction involving dana loesch take a
look that's not us think the idea of
still holding the door for a woman
because she's a woman I have trouble
with it I might happy for people to hold
the dolphin right I hope they're not
doing it because of this sort of idea of
chivalry but the chivalry is really
about the idea that women are somehow
weak right right and me protecting Dana
she's the one who wrote the book a
feminist manifesto she said chivalry is
dead feminism revealed it and she's
happy about that what's your reaction
well two points I don't think that she
understands quite the concept of
chivalry which was a code of conduct for
gentlemen and also about supporting and
empowering women during medieval times
modern era
I think it's been greatly abused that's
number one number two with all due
respect to the speaker and I'm familiar
with her I think it's a luxury of third
wave feminism to complain about holding
doors open for people where her country
Nigeria it ranks top in the world for
female genital mutilation which i think
is far more of a disservice to women and
far more suppressive than someone
courteously opening the door for someone
else all right
female genital mutilation okay so I just
I don't know why I actually agreed with
Dana Loesch for the most part and then
she went over-the-top needlessly she's
right about how chivalry was who came
about it actually came about from Spain
and France and it was about code of
conduct and ethics how to morally treat
women and I'm fine with it I know some
feminists aren't but it's just weird how
everything on television needs to go to
an extreme like that everything needs to
be a crazy conflict like everyone just
relax so two thoughts about that okay so
some people think it's wrong some people
think it's right can we just leave it at
that
yeah it's not like it's a world changing
situation there's no nukes involved no
we have to go - sure second point is can
we be concerned about female genital
mutilation and another issue at the same
time ya know is that possible No okay so
your country does female genital
mutilation hence you're guilty right and
I'm not allowed to talk about anything
I'm pretty sure that feminist is against
female genital mutilation too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
