young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio a small group of reporters were
given the opportunity to go into one of
the facilities that has been turned into
a shelter for migrant children who were
either brought to the border and
unaccompanied or taken away from their
families because their families are
being prosecuted for attempting to enter
the United States now the specific
facility that we're gonna show you is
known as Casa padre and it's operated by
a company known as Southwest Key south
southwest Key and I'm gonna get to the
details of the executives behind that
company in just a second and just how
lucrative this business is but to give
you some idea of how many children are
housed here the number of children in
federal custody spiked by more than 20
percent between April and May of this
year casa padre doubled its population
over that period from five hundred forty
two to one thousand six so the total
number is actually higher than that a
Casa Padre now houses more than 1,400
immigrant boys dozens of them forcibly
separated from their parents at the
border by this new trump administration
zero-tolerance policy and as you know
that zero-tolerance policy indicates
that if someone enters the country
illegally even if they are seeking
asylum they will be prosecuted and their
children will be taken away from them
and either put in foster care or one of
these facilities so Texas based
southwest Key now houses five thousand
one hundred twenty nine immigrant
children in three states approaching
half of the approximately eleven
thousand two hundred currently in
federal custody and this all takes place
in facilities that are being strained to
capacity so there are some talks about
how they might
make the bathroom small stalls smaller
they might install smaller sinks just
smaller everything kind of like an
airplane in order to accommodate more of
these children and by the way younger
children as well because they now houses
kids that are 10 to 17 years old but
because kids are being taken away from
their parents that which is the new
policy they're gonna have to bring in
younger and younger kids so they need
smaller toilets and sinks as well so we
have some footage and you know keep our
mics up because we're gonna talk over it
but there's some footage that a
journalist managed to get of this
facility to kind of give you a sense of
what it looks like this particular
facility used to be like a Walmart
shopping center and again they've
converted it into a detention center for
these kids
and I want to give you some more
information about you know what it's
like to to live there so ten percent of
residents at southwest key facilities
are children who are separated from
their families at Casa padre which is
licensed to house all the older children
eight ages 10 to 17 the proportion is
closer to five percent and they're
allowed to get outdoor activity time for
two hours a day one hour is specifically
for exercise physical activity and then
they get another hour of free time and
usually they play soccer on a dusty
field nearby so there are some good
pictures that you see out of this so
they're watching TV they're got pool
tables they put a teddy bear on a on a
table on a bed but there's also some bad
pictures of them being assigned numbers
etcetera we'll get to that in a second
but but guys that I want to give you
full context here as as we've been
explaining this existed already and so a
lot of the people that are housed there
are kids who came in unaccompanied okay
so it has to exist and so the people
that are putting it on it's a tough
situation because kids come in on a
company
we need some time to adjudicate what's
gonna happen with them and we need to
house them somewhere and they don't have
parents but now it's businesses booming
innocence because it is a private
company because Trump has said now we're
gonna take kids away from their parents
were the ones that coming before we
didn't separate them now we do so now
they're sending in more kids and younger
kids to a lot of these facilities
including Casa Padre but kinds of Hydra
is actually getting less of them because
the the younger kids generally can't go
there right so but they're going to
other facilities so it's one thing when
you got an unaccompanied kid and you're
trying to do the best you can and trying
to figure out where to house them it's
another thing that when you take away
somebody's kids you put them in a in a
center where they're only allowed to go
outside for two hours a day and I know
they've got to manage it and it's not
easy but why are they being in that
scenario being treated kind of like
prisoners where they could only be
outside for two hours a day they are in
fact one of the employees there was
talking to the journalists as they were
reporting on this and this is a direct
quote from the employee her name is
Alexia Rodriguez she said you might want
to smile these kids feel a little like
animals in a cage being looked at well
they're think they are in a cage
essentially they're not allowed to leave
they're stuck at this facility and sure
you could make it look pleasant but it's
obviously not they've been ripped away
from their parents and you're right
shank this existed before you know
during the Obama administration because
there was an issue with unaccompanied
minors coming into the United States but
Trump has exacerbated that problem with
this zero-tolerance policy it's
incredibly cruel in the past the the
option or the the strategy was to deport
these individuals not rip their parents
apart prosecute prosecute the parents
and then house these kids in various
facilities throughout the country again
he is exacerbating a problem and there
is a profit motive behind it as well
look a it looks good politically for
Trump because his supporters love this
kind of brutality they love it and they
do believe that this is a deterrent but
more importantly there are a ton of
businesses now that are making so much
money through government contracts to do
this okay so look Southwest key is is
bringing home the bacon and I want to
get into the numbers Southwest keys
business received more than 1.1 billion
dollars to shelter unaccompanied minors
since 2014 including 310 million in the
current fiscal year and so the the
founder of this company his name is Juan
Sanchez has made a lot more money by
2015 Sanchez is a compensation was seven
hundred eighty six thousand two hundred
twenty two dollars the following year
his compensation nearly doubled to one
point four eight million where do you
think that money comes from government
contracts the taxpayers are funding this
kind of ridiculous brutality so there's
some uncomfortable situations here so
first of all if you're a right-winger
think about this this is big government
ripping apart families and in some of
the cases and we need into a specifics
in a second they're telling the parents
in order to get the kids away from them
it's okay we're just going to go give
your child earn their children a bath
and then when they get to the detention
center they get assigned a number and
they have to have their number on them
at all times
oh and their towels are on a rack with a
letter and so their names are know where
their letters and numbers now look it's
hard to keep track of people I
understand that and so at a hospital you
have a bar code make sure the babies
don't get lost or they you don't do
operation on the wrong person I get it
right at the same time and those are
uncomfortable analogies don't do all of
them right yes have some place where
there's somebody's name and and don't
lie to the parents and don't tell them
you're going to give him a bath Jesus I
don't know if you guys remember but
that's what they did in World War two
and they weren't going to get a bath and
so just come up with a different excuse
study history a tiny bit right and and
plus don't rip away their families it's
the kids get two phone calls a week and
and by the way those two phone calls are
meant to be used to try to locate their
their parents they'd you know for a lot
of the parents they're not telling them
where they're sending the kids so even
when the parents get out they don't know
where their kids are you think they're
not going to lose some of those kids I
mean they already have I mean it's it's
an ongoing problem it was a problem to
begin with because of unaccompanied
minors and now we are purposely
separating the children from their
families that's that's what's happening
okay so and you know that you hear
specific stories that are horrendous
there was the story of Natalia cornelio
she was breastfeeding her child when
they decided to take the child away from
her as she was breastfeeding her baby
wait five minutes have a little bit of
decency a little bit of humanity and and
apparently some of the the witnesses say
they keep having to pause as they try to
explain to the parents about the kids
because the parents are crying so hard
that they can't listen and in case after
case they the kids get yanked away the
parents are weeping out of control and
they won't tell them where they're
taking the kids and then they have to
pause wait till they stop crying and
then begin to explain again and by the
way it's not much of an explanation they
say you're going to prison because you
cross the border and it might be up to
six months and your kid breastfeeding
that means is a baby the baby's gone oh
my god
and that's why I emphasize with the
arguments in regard to the human rights
abuses that take place here in the
United States they certainly do and
maybe that's the reason why someone like
Trump seems to have so much admiration
or empathy for Kim jong-un who are we to
criticize you know human rights abuses
when we do them ourselves and and of
course Trump over and over again says
the Democrats did this law there is no
law and the Democrats did not do it it
was 100% Donald Trump you're Attorney
General
did a press tour touting this
zero-tolerance policy you can't pin this
on Democrats
this is your doing it's an absolute
unmitigated lie in this case Trump
literally changed the policy and said we
will start separating the families Jeff
Sessions is Attorney General bragged
about it
said if you don't like it well then
don't come here and like Anna said so
I'm sure that a lot of his supporters
are like yes to rip their babies away
this will show them but don't pretend
that anybody else did it you did it
own it too easy wasteful young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
