young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio prosecutors in New York are going
after Donald Trump his three eldest
children and the charitable foundation
that has been running under his name the
Donald J Trump foundation now this
lawsuit was brought forth by law by the
Attorney General in the state of New
York New York Attorney General Barbara
Underwood filed a lawsuit against
President Trump the Donald J Trump
foundation and members of his family
alleging that the charity has violated
federal and state laws so what has this
Foundation done specifically that has
broken rules broken laws well according
to a statement from the New York
Attorney General as our investigation
reveals the Trump foundation was little
more than a checkbook for payments from
mr. Trump or his businesses to
nonprofits regardless of their purpose
or legality and there is already proof
of this happening we've seen some of the
proof and I'll show it with you show it
to you in just a second the lawsuit also
says for more than a decade the Donald J
Trump foundation is operated in
persistent violation of state and
federal law governing New York state
charities it includes the improper and
extensive political activity repeated
and willful self dealing transactions
and failure to follow basic fiduciary
obligations or to implement event
elementary corporate formalities
required by law essentially he was using
money that was raised by this foundation
for his own enrichment for his own
campaign his own political campaign no
not Donald Trump yet another scam that
he is run in a life of criminality
so the offenses range from some that are
in the gray zone or at least Republican
argue that they're in the gray zone to
crystal clear
if you guys have any violation like this
where you use use the charities a scam
to enrich yourself you'd go to prison
right away okay and and boy they would
lay the hammer on you and you'd be
I mean look they'd have no mercy at all
if you set up a fake charity and you
funneled money to yourself you'd be I
don't know if it's decades but you'd be
going away for a long long time but
since this Trump we all have to do kid
gloves okay well it's the president and
he's and we can't accuse him of too many
things at once cuz he's broken so many
laws but when you bring it up because
all fake news bias yeah we'll get to his
sorry ass excuses in a minute but let's
get to the details of what he did all
right so when it comes to you utilizing
money that the charity race for his own
campaign there are some specific numbers
in this suit the complaint alleges the
charity provided legal support to
Trump's 2016 presidential bid by using
public funding to promote his campaign
and that the foundation raised more than
2.8 million dollars to support Trump's
campaign you're not supposed to do that
that is illegal so Trump's campaign
extensively directed and coordinated the
Foundation's activities in connection
with an event for veterans in Iowa that
Trump held in 2016 instead of
participating in a presidential debate
that was a big story at the time and you
know it was a bit of a political stunt
and then there were reports that he
hadn't even given the money raised to
the veterans it was only after he got
scrutinized in the media that they
claimed they gave some of that money to
the veterans he's such a bad guy so
remember this is debate he didn't want
to participate in because he was scared
to go into that he liked the other
debates but he didn't this one he was
afraid of the questions he was gonna get
etcetera so he ran and he did this
publicity stunt for his campaign clearly
to raising money for veterans so now
look the part where he didn't give it to
the veterans until he was embarrassed
months later that they're like hey you
idiot you're running for president
this isn't like when you used to run
your charity in the past and no one paid
attention and you just robbed from it
day
and day-out we're paying attention
that's you're supposed to give the money
to the veterans that part is is not an
issue he's just a bad guy for doing that
but okay you could say oh no no he meant
to give it until the Washington Post
Ordos story about it oh he was gonna
give her the day after you Washington
Post wrote a story was a wild
coincidence whatever you're a magnitude
I can't talk to you you didn't listen to
no fax anyway okay but for the purpose
of this story that is not the relevant
part the relevant part is he's doing
campaigning this is a giant PR event for
his campaign it's an in-kind
contribution or maturity which you can't
do let alone into 2.8 million dollars
but by the way that is not the clearest
case we have an absolutely crystal clear
case in a sect and it's not and it's not
related to his presidential bid this
happened way before his presidential bid
the clear was super clear one and it's
super clear because we have now already
seen the evidence
so the lawsuit also alleges that Trump
requested the foundation the foundation
staff use $100,000 from the foundation
in 2007 to settle a lawsuit between the
city of Palm Beach Florida and his
mar-a-lago estate and the evidence has
already been provided it is a note
that's been signed by Donald J Trump
ordering that $100,000 to be used for
the settlement so look the in-kind
contribution in the in the case of the
campaign the won't good with the
veterans that we just talked about the
campaign clearly coordinated at Corey
Lewandowski was a campaign chairman at
the time is the one that gave all the
instructions totally not acceptable okay
this one from earlier no answers for
buts it's absolutely illegal you can't
set up a charity and then have it pay
your legal bills that's great that's
crazy and we have evidence of his sign
signature say yeah I take the money that
people gave to our charity and pay my
legal bills with it for Mara Lago if you
did that you would be in prison no
there's no question about it
so he's the president above the law is
he not he is he is the way that things
are looking the way things have gone
throughout his
term so far he seems to be above the law
he says whatever he wants to say on
Twitter he's facing multiple
investigations
who knows maybe these investigations and
maybe this particular complaint will
will materialize into some sort of
consequence but I mean just right before
he got elected he had to pay a twenty
five million dollar settlement in in
response to Trump University where he
defrauded students I mean he's been a
shady guy from the beginning but no one
who supports them seems to care about
that so that's okay we have to enforce
the laws we have to otherwise he can do
anything he wants and we don't have a
democracy anymore so I remember covering
this story during the campaign and I was
asking that's a clear violation even
without the note we know for sure that
the charity took a hundred thousand
dollars and paid off trumps legal bill
on a private estate that he has right so
in a property that he owns
I'm like why isn't anybody doing
anything about this but the good news is
today somebody's doing something about
it so New York Attorney General
wonderful okay that's they should have
done it a long time ago finally they got
around to it
during the election everybody was
talking about Oh should we give
prosecutor Hillary Clinton meanwhile
you're a lifelong criminal running
against her and not a word during the
election but fine at least they're
acting now and I let the mag agai scry
though our laws should not be dependent
on how much all right trawls cry on
Twitter
okay so let's enforce the laws now let's
get to his excuse that I promise you
I'll read you this this is a his tweet
on it it gives you a sense of how he
viewed is charity even in as he as usual
in his own defense he bachas it way
worse so here's the tweet he says the
sleazy New York Democrats and their now
disgraced and run out of town Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman are doing
everything they can to sue me on a
foundation that took in eighteen point
eight million dollars and gave out the
charity more money than it took in at
nineteen point two million dollars I
won't settle this case now later he
accuses Schneiderman of running Hillary
Clinton's campaign in New York not
remotely true yet another lie snyder ms
out of all
mine's not the one who's doing this in
fact Sneiderman took too long and he
should have done this a long time ago
and he didn't his replacement has
brought this case and refer now it's a
civil suit okay although again if you
did it it would be criminal in a second
okay now but the part that to me was the
most indicative us but this charity gave
more than it took in yeah it's a charity
that's what it's supposed to do so but
he took an 18 point eight million from
other people and then gave it in charity
sometimes in his name because he's a
scam artist
he didn't give credit to the people who
actually gave the money he chose Donald
J Trump Donald Rachel sometimes he'd
take their money and steal it and
actually pay his legal bills with it and
he goes well you know we took good 18.8
but it gave out 19 but it's a point
you're supposed to put the whole damn
thing in it's called Donald J Trump
foundation and look you want to take
money from other people like the
Clintons did there's another shady
foundation if you ask me not anywhere
near as obvious criminality of this but
it had its own significant issues you
take the money and you give it out yet
that's called a charity what to him he's
like hey I didn't make enough profit off
this charity I mean III funneled the
money to my own interest one of the
things that he did we didn't we didn't
even get into it because there's so many
corrupt things he did with the charity
he bought a portrait of himself with the
charity's money yeah Wow
thank you yeah that's like curing cancer
right he bought a giant portrait of
himself using the charity's money and
then put it up in one of his properties
he's such a gross guy he really is and
and just to go back to his tweet which
was pretty pathetic he claims he's not
gonna settle this case he will because
he said the exact same thing about the
Trump University case and he settled it
to the tune of 25 million dollars he
defrauds people he steals people's money
to use it for his own purposes and then
he's boastful about all the great work
he's done and look it doesn't matter if
he's telling the truth or not because
the people who are maybe on the fence
and the people who's already supported
they're not gonna fact-check that
they're gonna look at those numbers to
be like oh wow the Donald J Trump
Foundation gave out a lot of money
that's all that matters no one's gonna
do the heavy you know the heavy lifting
or the the digging to figure out what
the reality of the situation is that's
why he's so successful in messaging he
lies about everything on Twitter and it
works well it's the job of the press to
actually ferret out the difference
between lies and truth it's not their
job to go Trump says this and the
Attorney General says that I don't know
what the truth is well then quit being a
reporter or pretending to be a reporter
go get another job okay go be a barista
or something no but honestly there have
been a number of news outlets that have
fact-checked him on a number of his
tweets it doesn't matter because he's
done a good job at destroying any and
all credibility of the media I mean it's
he does two things he lies and then
simultaneously destroys the credibility
of news organizations that do fact check
him and criticize it I don't care what
Magath thinks if he broke a law this is
a lawsuit in New York State Supreme
Court there should be a criminal offense
for stealing money from a charity using
for your own purposes that is a criminal
offense
lock him up we need to be a country of
laws and this guy doesn't believe in the
rule of law he's too busy complaining
dictators like Kim jong-un and Vladimir
Putin and now the lifelong president of
China and he's like oh that's great
that's fantastic that's not fantastic
you idiot
that's a dictator that you're
complimenting well but he likes it
that's that that's what the system he
believes in exactly he does not believe
in democracy lock him up
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
