young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio Donald Trump recently had an
interview with Bret Baier of Fox News
and some of the statements were so
outlandish that even Bret Baier seemed a
little shocked and there was a lot of
talk about North Korea for obvious
reasons the summit with Kim Jong moon
had just concluded and we wanted you
know Bret Baier wanted to get some
details on you know Trump's thoughts
about Kim jong-un and what the future
holds with us North Korea relations now
without saying too much let's toss to
the first video where they specifically
talk about hoon and his dictatorship you
know you were asked in the press
conference a number different times in
different ways about human rights and
you know that you called this
relationship really good and that he was
a very talented person
you know you call people sometimes
killers he is a killer
he's executing people hey when you take
over a country tough country tough
people and you take it over from your
father I don't care who you are what you
are how much of an advantage you have if
you could do that at 27 years old you I
mean that's one in 10,000 that could do
that so he's a very smart guy he's a
great negotiator but I think we
understand each other
yeah he inherited something I inherited
everything that I have and so we
understand each other I feel like
everything goes back to Trump's own
daddy issues right and he's impressed
that kim jeong-hoon is able to be just
as brutal a dictator as his father was
and you know Trump thinks of himself as
someone who is trying to live up to his
father's expectations look I'm doing a
little bit of pop psychology here but
that's the way it read to me definitely
he's like the only part that was honest
was we understand each other that you
they both inherited everything they got
they're both screw-ups they're both
dictator wannabes one of them is actual
dictator the other one doesn't believe
in the rule of law would love to emulate
kim kim jonghwan so but let's go to the
other stuff because I think that he says
he's a great negotiator okay well that's
just cuz you gave away the house to him
for and got nothing in return you
promised not to do joint military
exercises with South Korea which shocked
the South Koreans because again he
didn't do any homework if he'd done
homework they would've told them don't
give that away that's really important a
South Korean newspaper said that it was
negotiation by a kindergartner okay yes
but a kindergartner probably does a
little bit of homework he didn't so he's
a go he got me to stop doing joint
military exercises with our allies and I
got nothing in return
he's a great negotiator yeah I guess you
anybody's a good negotiator so then he
says he's a tough guy
don't say that dictators aren't tough
guys that your that puts them in a
positive light look you've got to do
negotiations with him I'm not telling
you to insult them like you were before
you don't have to call him rocket man
and I have to spit in his eye but don't
say like it makes it look like Clint
Eastwood and then I don't know what it's
a tough country what tough people means
I mean I yeah they're tough because they
have to survive Kim Jong Un's
concentration camps yeah and then
finally the one in 10,000 comment know
anyone who inherits their dictatorship
well it's a monarchy in the old days
when there those were real you know the
Saudis in this case etc it one out of
one
can do it every one of them can do it
what is it just okay kill everybody who
opposes me anybody can do that what do
you mean one out of 10,000 can do that
it's literally giving to you the whole
country is given to you and you're a lot
of murder anyone you like any murders
people and he puts them in concentration
camps what what is the one out of 10,000
no hit every day like eventually maybe
some of them screw it up but most of
them have rules such an iron fist that
they don't where did you get that one
out of 10,000 dictators that were given
to a country survived where'd you get
that so-called fact well it's really
interesting because Trump tends to be
impressed by things that are incredibly
easy to accomplish so I'll give you
another example related to North Korea
he's very self congratulatory about that
the meeting itself and how it's a
historical meeting that no other US
president has been able to do but all
these other US presidents before you of
course had the opportunity to do it but
they specifically did not meet with kim
jeong-hoon or his father when he was in
power because that was exactly what that
what the North Korean regime wanted so
they wanted to approach it from a more
strategic standpoint now look I like the
fact that we're opening up an actual
conversation I think that the diplomacy
especially under the Trump
administration is much better than what
we got before
but Trump applauds himself and applauds
others for things that are so easy to
accomplish while simultaneously
criticizing people who did earn things
based on their merit the the criticism
that Obama got I got it you don't like
his political policies I don't know if
you really knew what his political
policies were but Obama actually rose up
from you know a child who was raised by
a single mother to a United States
President and instead of you know
applauding the hard work that he put in
the education that he put himself
through to get to the place that he is
you Trump just brushed him off as a
Kenyan who who scammed his way into
government that bisque is the only thing
he knows a scam so he protects he's like
oh my god he gave me two hundred
thousand dollars I'm sorry that would be
way too Oh two hundred million dollars
and I only went bankrupt six times
only one out of 10,000 people can do
that the other 9999 would go bankrupt
seven times okay that's that's him and
by the way our Fox News as usual when
Obama met with Raul Castro or open up
Cuban relations
how dare he meeting with a dictator and
a communist and of course the idiot
right-wingers today no that's different
cuz he's a communist
so as Kim's younger yeah oops that's a
great point
so in the second portion of their
conversation about North Korea they did
touch on the human rights abuses that's
something that Trump has gotten
criticism for there was very little talk
about that during the summit and so Bret
Baier asked him about it and here's how
Donald Trump responded but he still some
done some really bad things
yeah a bunch of a lot of other people
done some really bad things I mean I
could go through a lot of nations where
a lot of bad things were done which is
what he said doing bad things so what we
do bad things now look if they we do do
bad things and you do have to negotiate
with your enemies but again for God's
sake grow up for a second the correct
answer there is of course he terrible
things have happened in North Korea and
I will and we want to fix those things
and that is why we have opened up a
dialogue to fix those issues and and
it's not a wise policy to insult the
people that we are negotiating with in
the middle of negotiations perfectly
fine answer carry on
right instead you say hey so what so
what a lot of people do bad things you
know what I'm saying right I mean that's
another sign of him being a bad
negotiator because it makes all the
sense in the world to not bring up those
issues in the very first conversation
because you want follow-up conversations
you want more negotiations to kind of
solidify this deal and have actual
details with a timetable and
verification in it but Trump is now
again giving the goodies away for free
because he's justifying or minimizing
those human rights abuses well I mean
Kim jong-un can turn around and say in
in later negotiations
well you said other countries you'd do
it in fact other countries that you deal
with economically do it so why should I
have to change my human rights abuses
Donald Neville Chamberlain Trump
over here with well I mean Hitler saw
some bad things but a lot of people do
bad things
I mean look Kim Jong Un's got
concentration camps millions of lives
have been lost in North Korea you find
out the details on North Korea we
reported on it in the past like the
percentage of people in North Korea that
have worms in their stomachs because
there's no food to eat and they're
forced to eat dirt and in the in the
camps of they are put into because they
said something wrong because of
political correctness I mean the things
that happen in North Korea are some of
the worst abuses we've seen in human
history and this guy's go gross so what
do people do bad things
god damn it we elected a child and just
just stop you you don't have to go
around town applauding Kim jong-un and
talking about what a fantastic guy he is
like there's no one there's no one
pressuring him or pushing him to do it
he's doing that on his own okay so
finally the situation with the military
exercises that the United States does
with a South Korea he's been asked about
that on several occasions he was asked
about it again with Bret Baier and
here's what he had to say is the
military drawing down
in South Korea you kind of hinted at
that and is there born to be this count
tit for tat no it's not drawing down at
all in fact honestly was never discussed
I'm sure he'd like that he sort of
understood that was never on the table
with that being understood and you know
you ask me a question like that I would
love to get the military out as soon as
we can because it costs a lot of money a
lot of money for us we don't get paid
fully for that military which you know
I'll be talking to South Korea about he
just but he contradicted himself he did
talk about wanting to bring the troops
back immediately following that meeting
you just said it you just said on TV
they also have television in North Korea
so if you do if you want the troops
removed so do the North Koreans what do
you do you hold that and then you give
it up in negotiations later and but you
extract concessions from them for giving
that up now I don't know that that's the
right thing to do in terms of taking our
troops out of South Korea but if you
wanted to do that that's a perfect
situation where you can get incredible
concessions from the North Koreans if
you actually knew how to negotiate if
you weren't Bozo the Clown that went in
there without any preparation well I'd
like to take them out I'd like to take
out the troops oh that's what they want
oh did I say that out loud on TV oops
now what leverage do you have you
schmuck two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
