young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio during a recent press conference
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo addressed
the terms of the agreement with North
Korea and he was able to be a little
more specific even though it seems as
though North Korea did not get the same
or had the same interpretation of this
agreement and now before I get into the
details of that let's listen to what
Mike Pompeo had to say about the
sequencing of denuclearization and
relief from the sanctions he has been he
said this from the very beginning he
said it again to chairman Kim and he
said in his press conference following
following his meeting with chairman Kim
sequencing is then just did we're gonna
get complete denuclearization from the
sanctions so that is not the way north
korea has interpreted the outcome of
that summit with donald trump in fact
they are under the impression that
things will happen simultaneously or it
will be reciprocal so let me give you
the details tough sanctions will remain
on North Korea until it's complete
denuclearization said the Secretary of
State apparently contradicting the
North's view that the process agreed at
this week's summit would be phased and
reciprocal so they're under the
assumption with good reason by the way
because Trump did say that he's ready
and willing to end the war games over
and over again in in you know interviews
with the press following the summit they
think okay they're gonna stop doing
these military exercises they're gonna
bring US troops home and we'll start
denuclearizing so that shows that there
will be some trouble moving ahead as
they have these follow-up meetings and
follow-up negotiations because
Trump got himself in trouble by saying
the things that he said in interviews
following that meeting he set up the
expectations too high and so now if it
if he flops then the propaganda tape he
put out about how awesome this meeting
is is gonna look ridiculous the whole
thing about trying to get a Nobel Peace
Prize it's gonna look foolish so he has
to pretend that he got something good
out of it
but the reality is what happened was and
again Anna and I have been clear about
this from day one we want those talks to
happen we want them to be fruitful we
would love for North Korea to end its
nuclear program and if Trump did it we
would give him a world of credit but
what happened instead so far so far is
Trump said we're gonna end the military
exercises North Korea said nothing they
did not promise anything in return so
we're supposed to get something from
North Korea now now when you talk about
denuclearizing North Korea the devil is
in the details yes so what are you going
to have UN inspectors go into North
Korea or American inspectors there's no
way they're gonna agree to American
inspectors I'd be shocked that they
agree to UN inspectors now if you got
that in the deal great I'd give you a
lot of credit did you know you've got
nothing they just gave you a vague
promise oh no don't worry we will later
do something after you give us
everything in the beginning so okay so
let's what is North Korean state media
saying because that is what Kim jong-un
believes that is with the messaging that
Kim jong-un wants spread throughout the
country right let's go to graphic 21
North Korean state media reported on
Wednesday that Kim and Trump had
recognized the principle of step by step
step and simultaneous action to achieve
peace and denuclearization on the Korean
Peninsula but that contradicts what Mike
Pompeo is saying in that press
conference it goes it's the exact
opposite right so it's it's again
something to keep in mind and also look
I know that a lot of people for some
reason don't care but you should care
because we have to have a good
relationship with our allies and Trump
has consistently done things without
advising our allies in this case
South Korea and Japan and he just
unilaterally promises things to a
dictator and so South Korea was caught
off guard
Japan was caught off guard and Japan has
been a little more open about how
frustrated they are about this situation
because they wish they had at least been
talked to prior to Trump saying what he
said about the military exercises and
possibly bringing the US troops back
home but North South Korea is at least
the leadership is being a little more
cautious and hesitant because they know
that Trump often says things you know in
the moment because he's just passionate
about in the moment and then he doesn't
really follow through with it
but the media the largest paper in South
Korea is not happy and so they published
an article going after Trump pretty
aggressively let me give you an example
so one of the major newspapers in South
Korea blasted Trump in an editorial for
not doing enough to secure the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
so they're saying look we're okay with
ending the military exercises but that's
what kind of keeps us safe that is
essentially a warning to North Korea
that hey if there's any aggression we
will react to it and so if North Korea
doesn't denuclearize and we end these
so-called war games you know first that
puts us at risk and so they're worried
another example there's no deadline to
be found anywhere and instead Trump is
talking about real estate development on
North Korea's coast preposterous I mean
yeah you're gonna put a Trump Tower in
North Korea what are you talking about
why are you talking about real estate
development on the coast what kind of a
jackass are you you don't this is why
you need to do your homework you can't
go into a negotiation and then give away
the store and then have your allies go
what in the world did you just do it the
last time he announced somebody South
Korea came out and said we don't know
what he means like literally and they're
really trying hard to be on Trump's good
side and the current leader of South
Korea has a lot invested in these
negotiations because South Korea has a
couple of different camps as every
country does politically right and one
camp wants to be tough on North Korea
the other camp wants a
the current leader of South Korea is in
the camp that wants a peace deal so he's
like okay great Trump's doing all this
stuff but even him they go to him
sometimes he's like III don't know what
Trump means Yeah right because he
doesn't talk to him and none of this
makes any sense
and so just sorry to point there the
military exercises if we gave them away
would I shed a tear well it depends
right if we if we if North Korea then
said UN inspectors can come in and make
sure we have no nukes I'll do that deal
in a second great and if that's what the
next step is then I'll come back on the
show and I'll tell you hey they did they
let the UN inspectors and and we're
positive they don't have nukes that's a
great deal I would love that deal right
but if you tell me and the military
exercise in in return we get big
promises from North Korea which has
never ever kept their promises that is
not a good deal that's a terrible deal
yeah and look I agree with people who
think those military acts exercises are
a provocation right I could see why
North Korea would have an issue with
that we should bring our military back
home to the United States I get that
argument but you got to keep in mind not
only is South Korea our ally but these
are individuals who fear for their lives
and that's the reason why they want to
maintain whatever protection they have
in place now until they can ensure that
you know the new denuclearization is
taking place in South Korea North Korea
by the way I also want to be clear about
one thing because I feel like it's not
being talked about enough when it comes
to denuclearizing North Korea
what does that mean right I mean how
much intelligence do we have in regard
to their nuclear capabilities what does
denuclearizing mean it's a different
situation if you want to compare it to
Iran right and that the problem is you
know those details are not something
that Trump seems even vaguely interested
in and I look bottom line on this is I'm
still hoping for good things and overall
I'll take it because at least we're not
going to war but my prediction on how
this ends is there's no way the North
Koreans let inspectors into their
country
so all their promises will be total BS
totally unverified and totally
meaningless on the other hand by the way
the great deal that Obama did in Iran
allowed inspectors to go inside Iran say
that actually was verified and he lit
that one on fire he's a fool and then he
goes into this do I would like to get
credit for being a great negotiator so
what did you get nothing vague promises
from a North Korean dictator that great
job as usual screws it up royally two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
