yo what the hell is this drop it
all right Jagger look at this power
panel ana kasparian Jing Chou joins us
Nathan Hassan as well and may thing you
guys know Jake let's talk for a second
you're on ABC's comedy single parents
yes
that's super cool that you're an actor
and all that stuff but I obsessed that
you were a professional basketball
player and in South Korea but you also
played here where did you play here in
college yeah New York yeah Brooklyn
College for a year and I failed off
because I was a gym rat let me try there
and yeah ended up playing University
basketball there for the top University
basically in Korea and yeah played
semi-pro for a few years well that's
pretty badass what position I was a
combo guard cuz I like to shoot I like
to shoot - there's gonna be a lot of
shooting on today's show okay also into
boxing yoga which I know I'm getting
from your brother if you're an actor you
have to at least saved yes that's part
of the agency conversation if somebody's
gonna pick you up yeah when you're
moving from New York to LA gang culture
yeah I think at Runyon Canyon and in
yoga all right super Lessing when is a
single parents on on ABC Wednesdays um
at 9:30 Eastern Time 8:30 Central Time
all right excellent
okay so fun power panels for you guys
this one the one coming up Ida Rodriguez
will join us at Matt Walsh is gonna join
us from veep he's Mike McClintock from
VP if you watch that he's phenomenal -
nominated for two Emmys okay
now lots of fun and anger in today's
show the story I mean look at all the
stories get me animated but in Trump's
disastrous handling of the latest
hurricane is literally a disaster
but the the cheating that the
Republicans are doing in Georgia is so
brazen it's unbelievable
so wait till you get a load of that
story all right so Anna you want to get
away yeah let's let's get the go
straight to me as soon as I start
pointing okay anyway let's move on let's
start talking about some murder
journalists unfortunately we are so
uncertain as to the whereabouts of a
Washington Post journalist Jamal
khashoggi who was also a Saudi dissident
who had self exiled here to the United
States out of an abundance of caution he
had been critical of the Saudi royals
and was worried about his safety which
is why he came here to the United States
now he has gone missing after he went to
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul Turkey
he had went there to receive a document
necessary to marry his Turkish fiancee
and he never came out of the building
now there is some indication that he was
either abducted or based on what the
Turkish government is saying killed by
Saudi authorities who had arrived on a
charted on chartered flights following
his arrival to the consulate
now the Turkish investigators are saying
that they have evidence that he was
murdered
no one has seen that evidence yet the
Turkish investigators have been in
contact with US intelligence officials
it's unclear whether those intelligence
officials have seen this evidence but
according to what we know so far the
recordings show that a Saudi security
team detained khashoggi in the consulate
after he walked in October 2nd to obtain
this official document before his
upcoming wedding then killed him and
dismembered his body the individual who
spoke on the condition of anonymity said
that the voice recording from inside the
embassy lays out what happened to Jamal
after he entered you can hear his voice
and the voices of men speaking Arabic
you can hear how he was interrogated
tortured and then murdered and the same
individual also says that you can hear
the Saudi officials beating him in the
in the recording now two Turkish
officials are also wary of releasing
these recordings because they fear that
it could divulge how the Turks spy on
foreign entities in their country
although I think it's pretty clear
already right yeah yeah yeah I don't
think there's much confusion about that
yeah I remember thinking okay look I get
it that you guys see him on video going
into the embassy and you've checked the
video in the back on the front and you
never see him coming up I get that how
do you know they brought a bone saw how
do you know that they dismembered him
and so of course they don't want to say
it in the beginning but it's super
obvious and it's not just the Saudis I
might and and it's not just a Turks my
guess is most of the host countries
Tapp most of the embassies that that
that are in their respective countries
so be forewarned okay and so the Turks
apparently had a way of they say not
only audio but video recordings inside
the consulate of Saudi Arabia so they
seem to have the goods right so this is
all information that we shared with you
in previous shows where we talked about
this very story but there are updates
that I want to get into so first off
what is the reaction from businesses and
the media here in the United States
well for one Trump has been very clear
in stating that he will continue the
sale of US weapons to the Saudis
regardless of what happened to khashoggi
we'll show you that video in just a
second but more importantly we now have
members of the media and other
individuals who are boycotting certain
events in Saudi Arabia one of those
events is the future investment
initiative and it's supposed to take
place in Riyadh but there are a number
of people who have now said no we're not
going we're not interested in that
Andrew Ross Sorkin who is one of the
anchors on CNBC will not go and also the
editor in chief for the Economist is is
no longer gonna go but there is one
person who's gonna go and that's Steve
minuchin who is the you know Treasury
secretary here in the United States
I'm going to skip ahead and go to video
2 let's hear what he has to say we are
concerned about what is the status of
mr. Khashoggi I am planning on going at
this point if more information comes out
and changes we could look at that but I
am planning on going so he's planning on
going we don't have enough information
yet so I don't know if people are gonna
think this is overly broad but for a lot
of the Gulf countries that are
dictatorships I've said for a long long
time you I think it's crazy to go ever
and certainly for Saudi Arabia their
dictatorship and they have absurd laws
that they could they can and do enforce
on you in weird ways from time to time
you'll we've covered dozens of stories
people holding hands or kissing in
public or appearing to be same-sex
couple whatever make and you're like
okay that's it you're imprisoned for 13
years what no you're crazy to go to
those countries I'm keeping it real
I'm not going I've never gone I'm not
gonna go until they get a government
that represents their own people and
that is liberal democracy and and now if
you're a reporter yeah you oughta have
your head examined going to Saudi Arabia
and on yeah you know look at what they
just did to this columnist right real
quick if you guys are worried that the
u.s. is not gonna take enough action
Trump did say something and I want to
make sure we're fair to him and we give
him his exact quote he says quote we're
looking at it very strongly it's not a
big deal What did he say he said we're
not not concerned it was a double
negative which means there was no
assertion but I think there's so many
things swirling one is that to your
comment unfortunately there is a
protected elite class of Americans who
don't get to experience that kind of
repression when they enter into the
country I mean there's a ban on alcohol
and embassies carry alcohol in the
country so there are little things like
that but when you're talking about the
symbolic consent to what the Saudi
government is doing by showing up
actually a big deal meeting this
investment fund meeting has been
designed because guess what the Saudi
government is running out of money they
have really low oil projections to the
point where they are gonna start taxing
their citizens and this is a big deal
because the the Saudi state is has
radical unemployment which a lot of
people don't know about so not
everybody's rolling in wealth and so
they're looking for opportunities from
the outside to get investment inside and
I mean there's there's so much with this
story that I want to talk about one is
that it's interesting that there is
focus on Khashoggi which I love I love
the fact that the West is putting
pressure on our president politicians
are putting pressure on our system to
withdraw from more arms deals that go
into our disastrous war in Yemen Jodie's
disastrous war in Yemen that we support
through refueling and intelligence and
so Jake and I spoke about that a little
bit yesterday and and really all we
could really do at that point was
speculate as to why because we've had a
long history of bad behavior from the
Saudis and it seems as though no one's
been willing to hold their feet to the
fire until now why do you think that is
well I think a couple of things one is
that the US doesn't take kindly to
repression of journalists I mean we have
multiple movies that have just come out
in the last couple of years about Nixon
silencing and censoring the post we have
the spotlight story so we have this
whether or not it's absolutely true this
notion of ourselves as protecting
freedom of speech right so when we point
to that it means something
Chuck sure is a very interesting story
what his family where he comes from and
what his family represents in the global
market and maybe perhaps we can go into
that at another point because it's a
much longer story but I think that also
the murder of one person is something
that is tangible to people you know
Stalin said that killing killing one
person is a tragedy killing millions of
people is a statistic sure so that's how
people can understand this story they
can't understand millions of people who
are at jeopardy of
a famine in Yemen they can't understand
the hundreds of thousands of people that
are killed in Syria it's too much to
wrap your brain around and for you to
extend a certain kind of empathy because
you don't see it in your everyday life
so the killing of one person just hits
home and that sort of story is the story
that broke World War one you know the
Archduke Franz Ferdinand was
assassinated in Sarajevo and some
historians speculated that that was the
reason for the start of World War one
yeah so look whenever you it's someone
who's in the elite it makes a much
bigger difference let's keep it real he
was part of the Saudi elite and and and
in their mind betrayed them by actually
being honest about them and here he's a
Washington Post columnist so that counts
a thousand times more than a child in
Yemen it's horrible but that's that's
the way that it works it shouldn't work
that way but if you're writing for The
Washington Post it's a lot more personal
for you and that's partly why we're on
that warpath and I'm just really curious
how much he means if this is a terrible
thing we're gonna look into it
I feel like oftentimes when he says that
it's kind of it's very empty when Trump
says that yeah I I can see why you'd
think that
well I mean and look to be to be to
provide evidence for why someone would
be concerned about whether or not Trump
really cares I mean when he was talking
about this in front of the press just
yesterday he mentioned the citizenship
status of this journalist like basically
trying to make a point about how this
isn't like a US citizen he's he's not a
US citizen right like he's yeah he's a
resident I mean he was very first of all
you should know that before speaking to
the press you're the President of the
United States but more importantly what
does his citizenship status matter I
mean he was here in the United States he
was a he was working for the Washington
Post and he was targeted specifically
because he's been critical to the Saudi
royals who Trump has been you know very
complementary toward and and has you
know gone to great lengths to do you
know positive PR for so I don't know I I
don't think that he really hears that
much he also does have a long history
the Hazuki family so this is putting him
in really sticky waters but not that
Trump is a loyal person he's loyal to
the point of his own personal interest
being protected and I'm just curious to
really see how this pans out because it
seems like a gross political
miscalculation on the part of NBS
I don't understand why doing it in
another country a country that you're
also in really dirty waters with there's
a huge proxy war going on and if folks
don't know I'm sure we've talked about
it on this show multiple times but there
is this Turkish Qatari alliance that
Saudi Arabia and Egypt and other Gulf
countries are in opposition with and
sometimes it's kind of a cold war and
sometimes things get flared and reflate
and for this to happen on Turkish soil I
don't know how this is not going to
embroil into something massive yeah and
look that's because Mohammed bin Salman
the crown prince is totally reckless I
mean he kidnapped a foreign leader the
leader of Lebanon that saniti when that
guy by the way minuchin I mean we're the
u.s. unlikely the day he's in a kidnap
our treasury secretary but it's not
unprecedented that he's kidnapped the
leader of a country before they got look
he's where his ally so again it's almost
no chance of it but it's you're you're
playing with your life by you know in
dealing with this guy at all and his
goes to another way of showing his
recklessness which is on the financial
ground so they're in massive financial
trouble part of the reason that he
kidnapped and imprisoned the other Saudi
royals on total BS charges of corruption
I mean the charges might be real but
he's even more corrupt I think so it's
disingenuous in that sense in the middle
of that he bought a five hundred million
dollar yacht for himself
sounds like a good investment yeah if
you're worried about oh my god the Saudi
finances are in trouble you don't buy a
half a billion dollar yacht so and and
the fact that the the US had so much
propaganda on his behalf including a lot
of the mainstream press now all of a
sudden come to find
he kills members of the press and
they're not oops right well you should
have thought of that before you were
doing all that positive press I remember
on this show we were saying why is CBS
60 minutes and all these other outlets
you know saying this guy's some sort of
reformer we already knew he kidnapped a
foreign leader we already knew who was
trying to foment a civil war within the
Palestinian territories and in Lebanon
we knew what an out-of-control you know
dictator he was before but yet he was
feeded why because if you pay enough
money in Washington you're gonna get a
lot of great propaganda no matter what
you do until you come for the guys who
were giving you the proper yen right and
just a quick note on that I mean the
American press doesn't care about what
Saudi Arabia wants to do to Palestinian
territories right we already know how
the US press covers what happens to
Palestinians living in Palestinian
territories yeah and I should note you
know I mentioned the Gulf countries to
be fair just yesterday we cover the
story of Israel imprisoning people who
don't agree with Netanyahu so or have a
the wrong opinion on the BDS movement so
you want to boycott Israel etc and the
woman that 22 year old from Florida an
American citizen
she doesn't even believe in that she's
going to study at Hebrew University like
yeah don't care she's been in prison for
over a week being detained because she
has the temerity to disagree with the
right-wing government of Israel so
unfortunately this authoritarian streak
is is growing worldwide and it is deeply
disturbing we got to take a quick break
but when we come back we will give you
an update on Hurricane Michael and also
Trump's insane non reaction to it so
come right back we'll give you that more
we hope you're enjoying this free clip
from The Young Turks if you want to get
the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT dot-com
slash joined today in the meantime enjoy
this free segment
alright back on The Young Turks let me
read a couple of comments for you guys
we're I'm gonna start with we're gonna
go just members right now start with
Kasich writing in as a trained historian
I just want to say that TYT is certainly
an objective news source
despite their commentary you can have a
humanistic perspective and still be
objective objective morality is a thing
that exists despite what the Christian
Right says thank you appreciate it and
that is what we try very hard to do here
give you the facts and then our
commentary I just want to know are you a
real historian or you like a Newt
Gingrich type of a story Steve manky
writes in it really is amazing that what
the West allows Saudi Arabia to get away
with that get away with without
consequence makes a mockery of our
government every time they bring up
human right concerns anywhere else in
the world great point
six thousand six hundred civilians have
been killed in Yemen yeah and we let him
get away with that you know you get
somebody in the elite then it's a
different problem but and and Trump is
such a weird liar he just so he's like
we you know yesterday we didn't we
should have called him out on this so we
have a hundred and ten billion dollars
of arms deals with Saturday area it
turns out is four billion yeah he just
can't help himself and by the way it is
definitely bipartisan that we've been
saying all along
the reality is Obama had ninety six
billion dollars worth of arms deals with
Saudi Arabia so the what we have let the
Saudis get away with under Democratic
and Republican presidents is outrageous
and one last one de Verde writes in it's
a slippery slope to chastise cruises
advisor Omri sarin for defending war
criminals
okay that's from yesterday's show Jenk
us lawyers understand the secret right
to have your day in court and to
challenge the state's evidence to avoid
any arbitrary prosecution now that's
true but remember only sarin who is that
one of the top national security
advisors for Ted
Roo's is not a lawyer he's a lobbyist
and he didn't have to represent them and
it's not a non-profit case that he's not
court-appointed he chose to represent a
mass-murderer
for money so yeah I get to criticize
that by the way you know when you have
these celebrity lawyers and sometimes
they're wonderful like Johnnie Cochran
had a great career before OJ but okay
but the very first time I was at Ron
television I said the same thing then
about him and der schwarze I I was at a
minimum right about Dershowitz okay
which is that nobody maybe you represent
OJ you weren't a court appointed lawyer
you know and there was a lot of money
and fame that came along with that an
Ole Miss case it's not even has nothing
new alloys he was a lobbyist who signed
up to represent dictators and Ted Cruz
apparently thinks that that's a
wonderful thing because he hired him and
God knows what he's gonna advise him so
that was a great story by Ken clip
ensign which you should check out on TYT
investigates all right what's next an
all right hurricane michael has led to
quite a bit of devastation in Florida's
panhandle and also in Virginia in fact
we are now getting updated numbers in
regard to the death toll but I do want
to warn you that the medical examiner's
in the area do expect the numbers to
increase so according to what we know as
of now hurricane Michaels death toll has
risen to 1313 people have died there was
this one particularly tragic story of a
little girl who died after a portable
carport slammed into her grandmother's
house and hit her in the head both she
and her grandmother died as a result now
the one of the medical examiner's that
the press spoke to said we are swamped
it's a disaster zone down here he
refused to give any updates regarding
the death toll numbers but again as we
know the official count is 13 at the
moment now at least 1.5 million
customers were without electricity in
states stretching from Florida to
Virginia much of the coast of the
Florida Panhandle including Mexico Beach
and Panama City was devastated the area
is dotted with small rural
communities some of them among the
poorest in the state now one of the one
of the things that I've been curious
about is is the response from the
federal government now as we know the
federal government was not very
responsive when it came to Puerto Rico
but was pretty good when it came to
responding to storm victims in in Texas
and in Florida and this is last year but
it turns out that in the case of
Hurricane Michael people in the area who
have been devastated by this have not
been reached out to no one has talked to
them from FEMA here's one quote Carl's
Jones Carl Jones who's forty three said
that he had seen no hint of government
response as of Thursday night in fact he
said only thing is the police came and
said you've got to be inside at
nightfall but Trump's statements would
have you believe that he's doing a lot
in fact he was quoted as saying we had
it under great control because FEMA and
everything else we had White House we
had on the plane on Air Force One
I was totally monitoring so I went in
and made the speech and everybody was
happy okay so he's been getting a lot of
criticism because just a few hours after
the storm hit land he decided to rally
at Erie Pennsylvania and so after the
critics chimed in on this Trump decided
to share his views when he called in to
Fox and Friends here's what he had to
say you know you took some
yesterday mr. president for going ahead
with your Pennsylvania rally last night
well I think really when I explained it
there was no heat I really had very
little heat other than the natural
haters of which they were obviously some
but you know we had thousands of people
standing on line it's a great thing
that's happening that's a great movement
in our country I go make a speech in
twelve thousand seat auditorium and
people start lining up two days early
I mean literally they bring tents and
you know we had thousands of people
lined up by the time I had to make a
decision so my decision was do I want to
tell people that were waiting ten and
twelve hours already that I'm not coming
and I just thought it would be and we're
talking about thousands of people and
you saw that last night when the
auditorium which held about 12,000
people it was full and we had 20 or
25,000 people outside watching screens
and and we're talking about thousands
and thousands of people okay please stop
talking at least that was a sense I got
by the way look his decision to rally as
people were being devastated by this
storm is one thing but here's your
opportunity to speak out and say
something at least try to comfort the
people who are dealing with this right
now but instead he used it as an
opportunity to continue talking about
his popularity and also lie about the
numbers look I don't doesn't even matter
he said there was 12,000 people there
that arena only holds 9,000 people and
then he says that people were lined up
for two days straight that's not true
people started lining up Wednesday
morning 12 hours before the event but
nonetheless he had been very very
critical of Obama because Obama
participated in a concert back in 2012
with Bruce Springsteen and jay-z and so
Trump was arguing a hurricane sandy just
happened can you believe what Obama's
doing he's out there campaigning right
now he shouldn't be doing it here's what
his tweet said this is on November 6
2012 yesterday Obama campaign with jay-z
and Springsteen while hurricane sandy
victims across New York and New Jersey
are still decimated by Sandy wrong well
you made a decision to
continue on with this rally just a few
hours after hurricane Michael hit and
hurricane sandy made landfall October
29th 2012 Obama suspended his campaign
at that time so did Mitt Romney to his
credit and then this concert with Bruce
Springsteen and jay-z happened on
November 5th so I mean I don't know his
tweets aren't really aging well I mean
I'll do the math for you that's a full
week later meanwhile this guy didn't
even wait seven hours in he's the
president and he's like we had the White
House we had great what are you talking
about so far it appears a terrible
response 13 people dead all those people
without cell phone service without food
water and by the way right now they're a
lot of people are rummaging through the
the stores to get food and water
depending on the community that's being
called a resourceful or looting so kind
of depends on where you're from look at
these pictures Jesus does it look like
they were I mean look it's a it's mother
nature and you know there's nothing you
could do when the when the storm hits
but there's a lot you can do preparing
for the storm and after the storm and
and the question is did they do the
proper amount of preparation look when
it comes to FEMA that's an open question
and we'll see how the rest of the
government responded does anyone think
that Donald Trump did enough preparation
as the president or does he just love
going to rallies it's fun he doesn't
want to cancel it they cheer for him and
in it's so much that's like one of the
fun parts of the job now I gotta cancel
it I don't want to do that but really to
be fair if he didn't cancel it do you
think he would have been doing a lot of
homework anyway do you think he would
have been in a command center like hey
how we're getting the food down there
how are you vacua ting people etc no you
would've done any of that stuff anyway
he hates homework right right tank are
you one of his natural haters I'm on a
show with his natural haters no I mean
he's the president of the United States
he's not Justin Bieber and Justin Bieber
for the record probably gets way more
people lining up for much longer
what really frightened probably is done
more
exactly I mean I think what well
somebody should have done in his cabinet
is lie to him and tell him that it
couldn't maybe affect mar-a-lago and
then maybe there would have been some
sort of response from him
I mean 9,000 people at a rally versus
1.5 million people without electricity
and we don't even know the exact numbers
around food sorta jizz and other other
fallout that's going to happen from this
so the thing that's most alarming to me
is that we have an administration of
climate deniers and there is absolutely
little preparation and that's another
conversation we can have but there's
even less response and for me like okay
I don't I really don't want you to deny
climate change but please do look like
the preparation and the post-game around
it either because it's gonna this is
gonna only increase exponentially for
years to come yes I love that you
brought that up and and it's a very
dangerous cocktail because not only do
they deny climate change and and promote
policies that further exacerbate these
issues in these extreme weather
conditions but remember important
government programs like FEMA are funded
through what through taxpayer money
right and right now we've just cut tax
revenue because hey the wealthy need
more tax cuts we need to cut the
corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and
then when you take the effective tax
rate into account it's even less than
that and so I mean if we're not going to
be able to fund the government
organizations that help with relief
efforts and we're also going to ignore
the very serious issue of climate change
this is gonna get worse every year it's
gonna get worse and we've noticed that
these these hurricanes are happening
with more frequency they're happening it
with more severity and you know when the
whole situation happened with hurricane
Maria and Puerto Rico and continues to
happen by the way I think that there was
this thought among some of trumps base
that well those are the others even
though they're US citizens as part of
the United States right but this is an
example of people in Florida people in
parts in the country that voted for
Trump being neglected and ignored okay
he doesn't care who you are where you're
from he all he cares about is himself
and he proves that time and time again
right just to piggyback on that there's
no empathy
yeah um from Trump 45 and he's supposed
to be a leader of the free world um and
it just kind of reminds me of when he
was in Puerto Rico handing out paper
towels and he was kind of like shooting
it basketball yeah like what are you
thinking I don't well they were big
beautiful towels so you're ready for
soft towels so they were in plastic how
would you know there's great absorption
because he's such a maniac okay so let
me build off of that
so administrator for FEMA mr. Wong said
there's a lesson here about building
codes yeah so there's a reason why you
need regulations and if you build houses
and buildings next to the water in
Florida which is constantly hit by
hurricanes that is why you need
regulation so next time you hear a
Republican go go we're just gonna do
regulate think about what happened in
the panhandle just now right and and the
former mayor Tom Bailey in that area
said the mother of all bombs doesn't do
any more damage than this that is
literally true because that only hits a
certain area whereas this hit a wide
swath of Florida the Carolinas got hit
again Virginia and and obviously you see
the devastation the pictures in the
videos and yes the one bomb could not
possibly do that mother nature is
nothing to mess with
but we have mess with her and now now
she's messing back and and so it is
climate change so when you see those
pictures that's what it is
it's not you know 50 years from now it's
not a hundred years from now it's it's
not binary doesn't just happen overnight
it happens gradually and the storms get
worse and worse and more frequent so
even by September 19th we had had 30%
more storms than average in the western
Pacific and Atlantic and then we had
several other major storms and then
hurricane Michael head so this is way
more than
rich and so climate changed a lot of
times people feel like okay I get a
throw away by plastic bottle and it's
gonna happen 100 years from now and it's
happening to some island nation and
their water is rising and it's something
in the North Pole but it doesn't affect
me no these people died right now
certainly because of climate change and
so I'm not saying that any one hurricane
you can tell is you know directly
connected and we and it's not that
hurricanes did not exist before but the
whole point of what all of the world's
scientists told you and they were right
it's called science is that it that the
weather was gonna get more extreme we
were gonna have more storms and they
were gonna be more forceful that is
exactly what has happened so that story
that you mentioned Anna about Sarah
Rodney she's 11 years old I mean looked
13 people died so far and a lot of
people we don't know there might be a
lot more desk because we can't reach
them so it's not just Puerto Rico we
can't reach people in Florida right now
okay and a lot of the roads are
destroyed so was there a good planning
for that and well it certainly doesn't
appear so but Sarah her dad she was with
her grandparents because a fall break
her dad's calling in every hour every
half hour to make sure that she's okay
they're like no she's all right we're
all inside we're not outside we're doing
the best we can and a carport flies up
because it's 155 mile-per-hour wind
a steel beam flies through the air goes
through the house hits the little girl
and the grandmother grandmother's lung
is punctured the punctured the ribs are
broken and the girl gets hit in the head
the dad is obviously in a panic he's
trying to drive up there trying to make
calls and in and in the middle of it
they say too late she passed away okay
so yes she partly died because of
climate change
so it has devastating consequences
understand that absorb that so we can
make the right policy decision we're
sitting around here chasing ghosts
because of right-wing paranoia and fear
they're passing laws against Sharia law
in Oklahoma yeah they're worried about
Muslims take it over in Tulsa meanwhile
we got climate change killing American
citizens
in day out wake up to the real danger in
this country and our response to that is
what to put people who are at the
forefront of deregulation at the
forefront of the fossil fuel industry to
be the head of EPA yeah and so there is
no surprise that when you have the
rising temperature you know the UN
report by 2030 is our point of no return
that's not too far away that's 12 years
away and for the planet to rise in
temperature 1.5 degrees and all the
Hurricanes need is moisture and high
temperatures I mean we're gonna get the
severity is gonna increase
more people are gonna die and it could
have been preventable exactly and we
could still do something about it and
right now our current politicians say no
it's a Chinese hoax
apparently Chinese hoax just killed 13
people in America it's not a hoax
97% now actually now 99% of the world's
scientists didn't all get those tens
hundreds of thousands of scientists all
across the world didn't get together and
decide the launch a conspiracy that is
anyone who thinks that is either
incredibly stupid or purposely lying to
you because they get bribed by the
fossil fuel industry and it's leading to
your family members getting killed
that's the real danger and currently our
government does nothing about it because
they're part of the people taking the
bribes can we just have more thinkers
and not deniers yeah just people with an
open open mind and you know uncorrupt
pockets I guess it's right now we can't
and looked at why if you know if you're
wondering if you watch the show on a
regular basis why do you chanko why do
you keep coming back to money and
politics because it's the root of all
problems they they're literally paid to
do nothing and and let the danger fester
and get worse and worse and worse so if
you lost a family member in this
hurricane it's partly because yes Jim
Inhofe and Scott Pruitt and Donald Trump
they all took bribes from the oil
companies to make sure they don't do
anything about climate change because if
you did you might your carbon tax oh boy
that would affect
outfits anything you do might affect
their profits
god forbid ExxonMobil one of the most
profitable companies in the world should
make $10 less so if they gotta sacrifice
your kids well that's a sad day for you
not for them they're gonna keep on
taking those bribes let's take a break
when we come back we will tell you
what's going on with the voter polls in
Georgia it's not looking good so we're
gonna give you the information on the
real voter fraud that's yeah yeah look
then it's a level of cheating that is
now so absolutely clear we're going to
show you the numbers we'll show you how
Republicans cheat all the time they're
the ones who do voter fraud
so it's indisputable
