I'm not sure there's any real discussing
issues with Kim Jong Un's why would the
administration think that this is a
group they could do business with those
who hate us will always hate us and a
hatred for America is never going to go
away wow I'm shocked that FoxNews would
take a hard-line stance against Trump's
efforts to pursue a diplomatic approach
in North Korea sure it's reactionary but
this is what made them separate from
Trump oh wait yeah that's that's
actually Obama that's when Obama tried
to pursue diplomacy with Kim jong-un
this is how Fox actually reacted when
Trump did it it is a definite win for
the president and it's a huge win for
this country hits breathtaking it's
audacious it's bold it will be historic
I'm just about when Obama does it look
it's a bad idea for the president to
speak to Kim jong-un
but when Trump does it why wait till the
end of May let's do this by the end of
March Fox News Lowe's Republican boot
licking like I love posting cringe beams
and plugging my Instagram at a Sandeep
iCard which you should absolutely follow
so it's no surprise that admin officials
like John Bolton and right-wing pundits
are total hypocrites devoid of
ideological consistency who are now
tripping over themselves the sock off
Trump but you should be surprised and
you should be upset when Rachel Maddow
is framing promising peace negotiation
talks that 88% of South Koreans support
as part of her Glenn Beck style
whiteboard of Russia conspiracies but
Russia is also increasingly straining at
its borders right now and shoving back
US and Western influence anywhere near
what it considers to be its own
geopolitical interests here's Rachel
Maddow a beacon of liberal thought
attacking de-escalation measures that
South Korea and North Korea have worked
on for months exclusively in an effort
to discredit Trump and tie him back to
the Kremlin the US has kept those going
as a pillar of US national security
strategy for all seventy years now this
is deeply offensive to me as it clearly
demonstrates a lack of ideological
consistency we ate Trump so much that
we're now praising US imperialism and
military exercises in the Korean
Peninsula are we the right wing
reactionaries now what's the alternative
honestly look I'm not saying that Trump
is magically good now okay he's still a
thin skinned demented plutocrat
hell-bent on serving the
military-industrial complex but this
this is just lazy punditry
we spent months attacking this moron for
not being a capable
global leader and the first time he
demonstrates even an iota of competency
the liberal pundit class loses it like
this is essentially the normalization of
Kim jong-un which is literally a
right-wing reactionary talking point
it's like they think that regimes will
just go away if we don't see them on
American TV guess what Iran's a real
country and so is North Korea no matter
how much we want to feel like that's not
the case so yes anytime Trump meets with
an authoritarian regime leader and
doesn't oddly applaud their swift and
effective extrajudicial killings or
anytime the US government doesn't
destabilize entire regions as a part of
their foreign policy I am delighted or I
don't feel deep disgust in my gut is
this happiness meeting Kim jong-un and
symbolically backing steps towards
unification based on a framework laid
out months prior by South Korea is
1,000% better than any number of
atrocious and violent world policing
incidents that the u.s. has engaged in
since 1945 Benghazi who's selling
weapons to Saudi Arabia so they can
execute you many civilians efficiently
that was a weird cough hmm let me clear
my throat haha
still want to be mad at Trump well I've
got the solution for you my friends
Trump 100% taking credit for something
other people did is a valid criticism of
this deal a potential for Trump to
demolish peace talks with Trump isms
like threatening to show on how big is
button is for absolutely no reason
whatsoever is a valid skepticism of this
deal the US military industrial complex
purposely sullying the unification
efforts down the line in order to sell
more weapons to the now terrified
regional allies is also a reason to
question the motive behind this deal I
too have warned about a potential
nuclear holocaust or an escalation of
war for favorable ratings and monetary
gains and I am still fearful of this
reality down the line but currently as
it stands this is largely a symbolic
deal and a positive step in the right
direction so get the hell out of your
team sports mentality for a brief moment
and analyze what the alternative is you
just want Trump to preemptively turn
North Korea into glass instead of peace
talks
look obviously I'm not upset at
criticisms of Trump I literally built a
career out of it but I am upset at
suppose it progressives abandoning their
ideals to launch criticisms at Trump
from the right at the cost of
intellectual integrity so if we don't
want to compromise on that follow me on
my Instagram into sandy Parker and at
YouTube at asan piker for longer and
even hotter takes also don't forget to
share this video with your friends and
leave your comments in the section below
and also tell me why I'm wrong in my DMS
and joint UI team membership to support
independent journalism
