young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio there has been some justice in a
case involving a Muslim family that was
harassed by an individual who did not
want them to move into his Tampa
neighborhood this is in Tampa Florida
and this story involves a Muslim family
who had moved to the United States from
India they're buying a home and they
didn't expect to have any problems
buying a home in this neighborhood until
a man decided to start harassing them
David Howard is his name and tried to
prevent them from moving into that
neighborhood now he actually succeeded
because this family feared for their
lives they did not feel safe and they
had to cancel the purchase of the home
but they had already lost resources in
closing costs when they had decided to
purchase it so the family comes into the
neighborhood according to this
Washington Post article a scar and his
wife had entered into a contract for a
house in the area and had scheduled a
final walkthrough of the property with
the two sellers Oscars wife's parents -
Realtors movers and a cleaning person
all right
after they arrived at the house that's
when things started to get really bad
law enforcement officials identified
David a H Howard as the person who
started yelling at the seller and a
scars family he said things including
this sale will not take place also I
will break all of your effing windows I
will burn your effing house down he also
said you're not welcome here and later
asked a mover if he was moving the dot
heads in and made insulting remarks
about Muslims to neighbors ok so at this
point the family is like we can't move
here we can't have a neighbor
like this it's dangerous and we don't
want to deal with it but at that point
they had already lost money that they
had contributed toward the purchase of
the home so they decided to sue and I'm
actually surprised that there was some
justice in this story I'm so grateful
for us the story that has kind of a
happy ending it really does so Howard
was sentenced to eight months in prison
on Tuesday of this week after pleading
guilty to a criminal violation of the
Federal Fair Housing Act civil rights
laws dating to the 1960s that outlaws
among other things threatening or
interfering with another person's
housing rights because of their race or
religion the family was also able to
recoup some of the money that they lost
in the potential purchase of that home
Howard was ordered to pay a $30,000 or
$30,000 of restitution to the family for
the deposit that he and his family had
lost when they cancelled the closing on
the home I love that afterward his
statement this is Howard David Howard
the guy who said all this hateful stuff
and did all these hateful things and
ultimately is paying some restitution he
said I'm a good person I think he
literally said yeah I'm a good person
this incident just happened and I wish I
could undo it I have trouble buying the
I'm a good person part I'm sorry III I
know maybe I can get to forgiveness and
but good people don't do this
this is bigotry at its core and it's uh
it's again it's just not what the
country is about thank God for some some
laws that were social associated with
the with the civil right I think that
came into being a lot of these uh these
laws around the civil rights era and
thank God we have that underpinning our
our our country's legal system otherwise
there would have been no restitution for
this he literally could have been
harassed out of the neighborhood well
you know he he and his family were
harassed out of the neighborhood but
what I love is that they fought back
through our legal system and then there
was an outcome of justice because far
too often you hear about these stories
and you never get the update indicating
that someone was
lized in some way for what they did and
you know I used to think that people who
did this overall were just bad people
and when they would say I'm a good
person
I just wouldn't buy it but I do think
that sometimes people get caught up in a
certain ideology in a certain way of
thinking it becomes groupthink to some
extent
because think about how our media covers
Muslims think about how let's let's say
this person watched Fox News and thought
it was a legitimate source of content
right and so you watch that type of
content and they skew think so much that
you really do think that anyone who's a
Muslim poses a threat doesn't
necessarily mean you're a bad person it
could mean that you've fallen prey or
victim to that form of propaganda you
know I'm sorry you're gonna say thank
you Anna because you've actually brought
me around on this I think Anna's answer
Anna has helped me out to it because I
think you're right there is a passion
and an anger that grows around hateful
rhetoric sometimes and this guy ends up
swallowing all that Fox News garbage and
then he might have just turned the
blowtorch of his mouth and that sick
ideology on these people moving in so
you're right maybe at his core he isn't
a bad guy yep and and don't get me wrong
I mean I've I've made that mistake in
the past quite a bit where I'm just like
you know I've said some pretty terrible
things about Trump voters and all that
and then there were a few sobering
experiences and conversations that I've
had so one example is a recent
conversation I had with someone who was
a former Trump supporter and you know
just loved Trump and then all of a
sudden out of nowhere he just didn't
want anything to do with Trump so I
started messaging him on Twitter cuz I
wanted to know what his journey was and
I found out that Sarah Silverman he was
an online troll he referred to himself
as an online troll was on his business
card and Sarah Silverman reached out to
him after he sent her some sort of
trolli tweet which by the way I gave her
a lot of credit for cuz that takes that
takes a lot too inviting more trolling
us that's true and she decided you know
I want to pick his brain I want to I
want to have a conversation with this
guy and so through that conversation
and through engaging him not only was
she able to understand his perspective
but he was able to understand you know
the group think that he was kind of part
of and so the more he talked to her
openly on Twitter the more the the group
of Trump supporters he associated with
started attacking him because he wanted
to kind of open his mind to other ideas
he wrote a piece about it an op-ed about
it and it was so interesting and I
really respect him for having open
mindedness and also for sharing you know
how his one source was Fox and then he
realized oh my gosh this is propaganda
too easy wasteful Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
