young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with Nina
Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio presentative
Steve King has just retweeted a
well-known neo-nazi or at least an
individual who is known to be a neo-nazi
and the Republican Party has remained
largely silent about it in fact when
Talking Points Memo reached out to
specific individuals in the GOP they
refused to respond to a request for a
statement
now the tweet in question has to do with
Italy and and the political situation in
Italy and migration to Italy but before
I get to that let me explain who had
initially tweeted this and who Steve
King retweeted it's a man by the name of
Mark Colette and he isn't quiet about
who he is he called himself a Nazi
sympathizer expressed admiration for
Adolf Hitler and was the subject of a
2002 documentary called young Nazi and
proud so with that said now you know a
little bit about Colette let's take a
quick look at the tweet that Steve King
had retweeted and it's about the
situation in Italy there is this you
know there's this trend of countries
wanting to reject migration that's
certainly the case in Italy where a you
know we're populist right-wing
politicians are certainly gaining a lot
of momentum and so it was an
anti-immigration tweet and King has said
that you know he's not necessarily
against this line of thinking let's give
you some more details
Colette joined former KKK Grand Wizard
David Duke for an hour-long discussion
on / Dukes website the massive violence
that continues to be inflicted on the
world by the jewish-dominated left so
he's not hiding who he really is okay
and Steve King a representative here in
the United States openly retweets this
guy and in the past he's doubled down on
his own racist statements so let's go to
that in December he tweeted diversity is
not our strength and attributed a quote
to the right-wing Hungarian Prime
Minister Viktor Orban mixing cultures
will not lead to a higher quality of
life but a lower one and he had said
some pretty terrible things about
Mexican immigrants as well stuff about
them hiding cantaloupes in their calves
with drugs in them oh right that they
have they have calves the size of
cantaloupes oh that's right so this is
exactly what he said for every
undocumented immigrant who's a
valedictorian there's another 100 out
there who weigh 130 pounds and they've
got calves the size of cantaloupes
because they're hauling 75 pounds of
marijuana across the desert well
actually the statistics bear out that
they do quite well both academically and
in terms of employment records and and
all the rest they overwhelming
percentage of of immigrants to this
country are actually in better shape
than the average American and so these
comments were really in relation to that
they return as he was trying to say well
for every ballot Victorian there are a
bunch of guys hauling drugs over the
over the border and they've got calves
the size of cantaloupes right it's a way
of minimizing and also dealer shit
amaizing a very legitimate point about
the success of immigrants and the
productivity of immigrants who come to
the United States and actually add a lot
of value to our economy to our culture
it's just it's it's this he's just he
has this hateful streak and it's not new
which is why I'm not surprised that he
continues to tweet these things and say
these things it's just that in the past
Republicans were much more willing to
denounce this type of rhetoric whereas
now they just kind of either support it
or are incredibly complicit by the way
King has also said that America should
not apologize for slavery has suggested
that the country's first black president
was born in Kenya and has argued that
most undocumented immigrants are drug
mules as you heard from the comment
earlier so
Talking Points Memo a reporter named
marked mark Schumann specifically
reached out to a Majority Leader Kevin
McCarthy House Speaker Paul Ryan and
also the Republican campaign committee
and the Republican National Committee
just for comment
someone just someone can anyone denounce
what Steve King is saying openly
transparently no no one returned that is
first of all it is striking when you
stack up all the white supremacist crap
one tweet after another one retweet
after another it is pretty startling
that an American legislator could get
away with such hateful
language and such hateful thought but
putting that aside for a moment it is
truly remarkable that you can't get
anyone to denounce it Paul Ryan came out
with like this lukewarm sort of kind of
just wanted to stand apart from it kind
of the way he does with Trump you know
well I just don't want to I forget the
actual quote from Ryan but he doesn't he
doesn't denounce it in strong terms
which is really what you'd think a
politician would do in this country
unless unless the GOP sees the winning
strategy of hate politics that's right
after all
hate politics is kind of carried the day
so far your that's a great point because
politicians slimy politicians are
typically not leaders being a leader
means putting yourself in an
uncomfortable position and and possibly
threatening your own political future by
standing up for the right thing that's
what a real leader does
but right now what we're seeing with the
GOP is a number of representatives and
senators who fall in line with the Trump
rhetoric toward minorities and
undocumented immigrants because it's the
politically savvy thing to do at the
moment you have this wave of right-wing
hatred toward immigrants toward black
people I mean it's it's open it's out in
the open
we shouldn't apologize for slavery
you're not gonna condemn those types of
statements I mean it's that statement is
indefensible on any level it's
indefensible morally
it's indefensible ethically and it's in
defensively just in terms of
indefensible just in terms of the facts
the facts of the nation what slavery did
the the awful pernicious elements that
were birthed by slavery it was a
horrible part of this history so even if
you don't care about black people even
if you don't care about this this horror
that was perpetrated on on this
population it's indefensible
intellectually in terms of this country
and what it did and then you have and
then throwing that throat throw all his
anti-semitic comments on to the fire and
the incredible thing is you will still
have people go on shows like former
employees here who have gone on Joe
Rogan show claimed that there is no
racism in the right wing there's no
racism in the Republican Party
whatsoever we just read you comments and
showed you retweets from a Republican
representative who is currently serving
in the GOP I mean okay well we could
live in this weird fantasy world where
we deny that this exists but it exists
it's out in the open it's brazen and
it's a winning political strategy right
now for the GOP and I think that's the
real reason that you don't see more in
the way of a denouncing of these kinds
of comments and in the run-up to the
election you'll remember Trump was sort
of an outcast or they sort of gave him
the side-eye
in the GOP now they see how Trump is
actually a winner how his tough talk and
brutal talk and disgusting talk about
minorities has actually been an
effective political tool so not only are
they saying these things more openly but
they're not denouncing this when it's
open anti-semitism and racism what do we
do when there's a portion of the country
I mean that will only support Republican
candidates who fall in line with Trump's
rhetoric on minorities what do we do oh
that's what they want I mean in a
democracy they have a voice their voice
is just as equal as the voices who
condemn and denounce this well the good
news is that the majority of the country
is not
like this the majority of this country
doesn't embrace that ideology the
emeriti of this country truly doesn't
have I think racism and anti-semitism at
their core
I do think you have to turn a light on
it which we're doing here and I think
you have to continually associate that
party with this kind of talk continually
associate this party that that's the GOP
without that ideology now you may be a
Republican you may I mean I hate to
paint with two bottlebrush but at some
point if your GOP legislators are not
going to denounce this kind of thing
then they have to suffer the consequence
remember that the reporter specifically
reached out to Republican leadership for
comment on this and they refused to
denounce this type of behavior which is
why I say the GOP has to own it so and
so I think yes I agree with you on that
and more importantly you know I hear you
when you say you don't want to paint too
broad a brush because I do not believe
that all Republicans are racist or
bigoted or xenophobes I do not believe
that but you have to take action as a
Republican voter if you do do condemn
this type of behavior and vote these
kinds of people out of office yes right
demand change from the Republican
leadership in the same way that
Democrats have to demand more of the
Democratic Party and we talked about
that and getting rid of super-delegates
and making other changes in the party
that we will discuss but but in the same
way that we have to hold the Democrats
responsible for flaws in the party we
have to hold Republicans responsible for
this sort of heinous talk it's
absolutely unacceptable two easy ways
Folio interests want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
