thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the White House
is planning on looking into why Fox News
is not carrying Donald Trump's rallies
in its entirety or in some cases at all
which is by the way a scary headline by
itself the White House shouldn't have to
investigate something like that but yes
it turns out that Fox is now refusing to
air some of trumps rallies and it's all
because of business let's keep it real
it's all about numbers it is a numbers
game and his rallies are just not
bringing in the ratings that they used
to this story is great so according to
Politico as he's ramped up his rally
schedule ahead of the midterms
viewership numbers for the prime-time
events have been roughly similar to and
sometimes dipping below Fox News's
regular programming and the network has
recently stopped airing most events in
full so I'm gonna give you a few
examples so on August 30th Fox News is 8
p.m. hour was mostly consumed by Trump's
rally in Indiana earning two point five
three six million viewers compared to
the 2.8 million viewers Tucker Carlson
averaged at that time during 2018 s
third quarter so let me give you a
little bit of context than this because
I was on cable news for a little while
so host don't love it when their shows
are interrupted they get pretty cranky
and they want to be on air they prepared
a show presumably and then they get
doubly cranky when their show is
interrupted and it gets worse ratings
and because that's actually figured into
their ratings for the quarter the month
and and is part of how they're judged at
the end of the day that's crazy by the
way I'd be grumpy about that too yeah
yeah and so now so the second part of it
and probably
you know going ahead of you here a
little banana but is that they carry
their complete rally so they can't put
in commercials so it cost some money in
two different ways
so rah-rah Donald Trump wait a minute I
just got a check that's less than the
one I used to get not so much yeah I I
love the story if you couldn't tell and
I love it because it shows that you know
Trump with his rallies at least is a
one-trick pony he does the same thing
over and over and over again and look I
I like steak but I don't want to eat
steak every day
I'll get tired of steak if it's well
done with ketchup right and I don't mean
to insult steak by comparing him to
Trump but my point is it's it's the
one-trick pony thing over and over again
and people get kind of fatigued they get
tired of it you can only entertain so
many times watching the same thing over
and over again so and remember his
rallies in the last election were very
successful it really did help his
campaign and and it appears that you
know he's that's not a winning strategy
anymore at least it's starting to look
that way see what you did Kanye you see
what you did he'll get blamed for it
eventually I mean it did but in a
different universe though Kanye is
really helping Donald Trump oh I'm sure
Donald Trump is helping him and I hope
they help each other to the crazy house
because that's where they both belong no
offense and all the offense you can
possibly take but what I I'm I think
that some people are actually waking up
and I think that unfortunately for some
people who are not collective thinkers
they has something has to directly
affect them for them to feel like oh no
this is not it's okay for the bad people
it's okay for the immigrants it's okay
for the women but not me I just think
that people are waking up and regardless
of what the motivation is if it is
selfish I think people are tired of
hearing the same stuff over and over
again while the the
the injustice is close in on everybody
who's not in that top 1% yes so bizarre
just to have a conversation about a
president who has bummed out that his
favorite buddies that the network are
starting to get bored with him like it's
bizarre it's just I mean you guys much
more on top of the news but it's just
another reminder of how beyond normalcy
we are just like this isn't news it's
awesome because we all oh darn it
frickin hate Trump yeah and so we're
just happy when he's losing and we had
when were happy when we see the veil
crack because he is a man driven by
vanity and ego and this is the only
thing he cares about he doesn't they
don't care about anything
right right cares about his image and
his popularity and he would love nothing
more than have that's why in other ways
Kanye tickled his celebrity his you know
kiss a SS you like celebrities I can say
ass yes got it I need that sheet get
that out of the controller and bring it
and Matt brought a little bit of beep
here
I said frickin you can go back and look
at it I said frickin but the whole but
just to comment on the whole Kanye thing
like if you focus specifically on
Trump's face as Kanye is you know
praising him it this is what Trump lives
for the constant praise the constant
validation and that's why he loves these
rallies it's the number one thing he
likes to do and he is concerned that
that his his buddies aren't carrying the
rallies in full or in some cases aren't
carrying the rally at all because it is
free advertising for him and he does see
Fox as state-sponsored you know
television news and so one of the
comments from one of his anonymous
campaign operatives made me laugh
because this person said quote let's go
to graphic 38 if every night Trump does
a rally a station carries it you just
become the president station so he's
arguing no maybe it's a good thing that
Fox isn't doing this because we don't
want Fox to appear to be like
state-sponsored news but that's exactly
what they are even if there
covering his rallies all they do is
twist the reality of any given news
event to Trump's advantage which is why
you go to these Trump rallies and you
know we have reporters who will
interview some of his base and ask
questions and so many of them are either
misinformed or uninformed and it's
devastating because they just watch fox
that's their only source of news Martha
McCallum complained the other day she's
like I can't believe people think Fox's
state TV really you can't believe it
like that's a big surprise to you so I
don't know who they think they're
kidding but I will tell you that it is a
bipartisan problem because number one
when I was at MSNBC they asked me to
support the Democratic Party and so
that's real and they didn't say sted
democratic party they talked in code
words you know while we were in
Washington they don't like your tone
remember who the home team is etc and
then and and we have people who have
said on air and I off the record to me
as well MSNBC host 3 of 2016 election
the Clinton campaign would call them all
the time and if they didn't like
something that was on air they'd yell at
him what business is it of yours what do
you mean that's your not they shouldn't
be the home team but unfortunately it's
broken down into that we try to avoid
that here not because it's not clear
what our perspective is I'm a
progressive I'm super proud of it right
but we're not on any political team and
you shouldn't be on a political team you
know unless they've earned your you know
devote and loyalty in whichever fasted
that you look at it but for these media
organizations to be totally in the tank
until of course it affects their bottom
line and then all of a sudden Fox News
is like yeah I like you I'm not sure I
like you that much that I'm gonna cost
myself too much money last thing is that
remember this has a big political impact
because he's doing those rallies for
theoretically he's just doing it for fun
in reality but theoretically to help
those particular candidates in places
like Pennsylvania and and and in all the
different places that he's got he just
went to Erie Pennsylvania and when
they're not carried in primetime on Fox
News then the word doesn't get out as
much about those candidates and then
that hurts their
chances others wanted to quickly say you
should be alarmed
everyone should be alarmed being someone
who was raised in a house raised by a
political prisoner from Cuba just to
hear that the White House is
investigating a new station because they
are gonna dial back on what they are
airing should make every American
concern like you should be concerned
about this that's going on and the tone
that they're taking and the authority
that they feel that they have over us
and our media trying to shut the
president down our throats with
incorrect information and programming a
lot of people who don't know any better
so if nothing you should be you should
be alarmed by the and the non-stop
attacks on the press for simply doing
their jobs and reporting you know
accurate content accurate news about
Trump so they're the enemy of the people
at every rally he makes a point to point
to the media in the back and antagonize
them in some way all of this stuff is
concerning especially if you consider
and consider yourself an individual who
cares about free speech again free
speech doesn't only mean protections for
ben shapiro when he wants to go speak at
berkeley free speech means protecting
the press and and giving them the
ability and opportunity to do their jobs
i'll tell you this though if he starts
to tagging fox news well then that's
pretty much it for him i mean what he's
got nothing else left so i do look
forward to that if it ever comes to that
the TYT Plus app is now available on iOS
and Android download to get more TYT
content at TYT calm slash app
