young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio new reports indicate that violence
against politicians and political
candidates in Mexico has increased
significantly so much so that
individuals who want to challenge the
drug cartels or hold corruption or bring
attention to corruption are being
discouraged from running in the first
place so according to these reports at
least 113 candidates Prix candidates and
current and former politicians have been
killed and 300 more have suffered some
form of aggression since September again
this is in Mexico where cartel violence
is so awful that they are brazen in
their in their murders they will murder
people in broad daylight in front of
other individuals some of those videos
are so graphic we couldn't even show
them to you here on the show today but
you have criminals literally walk up to
candidates and politicians and shoot
them in the head as they are taking
photos with their supporters last month
several commandos went around Ignacio
Zaragoza burning houses and cars
belonging to several local candidates
they killed Liliana Garcia who was
running for town councillor to give you
some more examples there were other
politicians who were targeted less than
three weeks ago Paula Gutierrez Morales
was attacked a local leader of the
Institutional Revolutionary Party in a
tiny community in guerrero state she was
shot inside a public bus in front of
other passengers so there are more
examples that I'll get to in just a
second but this not only scares
politicians from running what it
essentially does is keep
corrupt politicians and power right it
only encourages corrupt politicians to
run only corrupt politicians remain in
power these are people who are willing
to do business with the cartels and
protect the criminals and so corruption
is running rampant in Mexico the
violence is is brutal and it's it's a
problem that affects many border states
that are just a couple hundred miles
away from Texas for instance yeah yeah
or even less I mean we were talking
about one of those murders happened just
over the border from Eagle Pass Texas
where I was out over the holidays and in
many cases these these communities on
both sides of the border are very very
tightly connected economically and
culturally of for obvious reasons down
like the McAllen area of Texas and
things like that so obviously this is
incredibly devastating and as we've
pointed out many times the United States
is not innocent in helping to encourage
the the conditions that produce this
sort of political violence obviously you
know the the long-standing war on drugs
has that has not helped yeah that in
many different ways exacerbated the
situation quite a bit and presently in
theory there are many things the United
States could probably do to help with
this but what is the stance of our
government right now in a relation to
Mexico hostility
it is condescension certainly it's not
going to be cooperation in security or
in helping them to to get rid of some of
this this ongoing corruption and
obviously political violence and so
because of that the candidates that do
still run those who were running for a
period and then and dropped out because
of threats I mean these are these are
incredibly epically courageous people
these are people worthy of their stories
being told that they're because they
want to make a change inside of their
country they're willing to risk a very
good chance of being targeted at the
very least harassed if not murdered in
many cases so I was having a
conversation with a reporter for Law
pinyon her name is Pilar she's a good
friend of mine and I was curious about
the violence in some of these Central
American countries you know Honduras El
Salvador there's a lot of talk about
ms-13
and so with Mexico we know that the
cartels you know really gain their power
through this corrupt political system
but more importantly where do they get
their fun
from and it does come from the illegal
sale of narcotics and so one of the
biggest sources of revenue was the sale
of marijuana which by the way to some
extent still is but they sell other
drugs as well cocaine you know they find
ways to make their money illicitly
clearly but what's the what's the
situation with El Salvador how is ms-13
as powerful as it is and you know
essentially what they do is they go into
small businesses and they shake them up
and they've let those businesses know
you need to give me a cut of your
earnings or we're gonna murder you and
your entire family and the reason why
they're able to do that is because of
the corruption with these politicians
but it's a vicious cycle because they've
now created a situation in which only
corrupt politicians thrive and prosper
in that political system because
otherwise if any politician or candidate
challenges them they get shot in the
head in broad daylight so I don't know
what the solution is but I do believe
that the United States should think
about what kind of policies we can pass
or what kind of policies we can
implement in order to help these
countries that way the violence isn't a
factor in in mass migration because just
turning people away at the border or
brutalizing people at the border it is
not a solution at all I think that's a
terrible way of handling it I think a
better way to handle it is finding the
root of the problem another thing she
told me by the way she's an expert in
immigration that's her that's her beat
that's what she covers in the media law
also told me that ms-13 you know a lot
of them became gang members when they
were here in the United States and then
that gang mentality got deported to
places like itll Salvador which I
thought was fascinating
two easy ways for the young turks one is
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
