young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio the Trump administration has its
policy of separating children from their
families at the border and there are
also children who come across the border
unattended where did they go they go to
these youth facilities and there was the
AAP released a bombshell report on the
living conditions at these facilities so
according to AP state regulators found
approximately 150 health violations at
more than a dozen shelters across Texas
housing children taken into custody
while attempting to cross the border
illegally what kinds of violations will
violations according to this report last
year at Key West at Southwest keep
program shelters include inadequate
supervision and lack of timely medical
care according the new service children
were also given medications they were
allergic to that's rough yeah yeah we
they asked about it there there were
Marshall we can't possibly you know it's
it's too big a situation where swamped
it's it's impossible for us to control
these situations and so kids are gonna
get medications they're allergic to I
mean that's just no kind of explanation
or an excuse this is you know I've said
this a lot that's where I just feel as
though this just isn't my country that
would would have such little regard for
these innocents who've come here of
fleeing violence and horror and to think
of these kids put in these camps it's
just it again it just seems to violate
the essence of what we hold important in
this country and it's it's cruel enough
to have a policy of just turning these
families away because remember these are
these aren't just people who are trying
to cross the border legally these are
people who take the legal route and go
specifically to the US government and
seek asylum and instead of being granted
asylum or if you want to be cruel just
turn him away instead of doing that they
separate the children from their
families take the children to far-off
shelters or facilities often in
different states and then prosecute the
very people who seek asylum that's
what's happening and so the
unaccompanied minors came here seeking
asylum as well and so I get it that that
situation is tough because they don't
have adults with them what do we do and
so under the Obama administration a lot
of them either got you know coupled with
adults who sometimes are undocumented
themselves or they were also sent to
these facilities but it was already a
problem that's now being exacerbated by
the Trump administration's policy of
prosecuting and separating you know
these children there's like 2,600 kids
that are there and the problem is this
is the strategy yeah maybe not to have
human rights violations essentially by
having unlivable situations where you're
actually essentially poisoning kids but
the idea of making life for these
families who come here seeking asylum
terrible mm-hmm that is the plan that's
literally the explicit plan of Jeff
Sessions and Donald Trump to dissuade
people who are already fleeing tragedies
who are already fleeing a terrible
situation they just said they're not
gonna take asylum from people who are
victims of domestic violence rape gangs
they won't take them right and they want
people to stop coming here you're right
I mean Brett's right they want the word
to get out America is not treating
people well you're not gonna be able to
hang out and get you know breakfast with
your family that's the that's the way
they would describe it because they feel
that we've been too kind already at the
and it's a border crisis that that
transcends politics me as Anna alluded
to the Obama administration had these
same issues but boy this administration
has ratcheted it up and you're right
breath they want this word to get get
through to the world don't come to
America because we will we will F with
your life yeah well this is Jeff
Sessions own words to those who wish to
challenge the Trump administration's
commitment to public safety national
security in the rule of law as he says I
warned you illegally entering this
country
will not be rewarded but will instead be
met with the full prosecutorial powers
of the Department of Justice we're gonna
put your kids in facilities and poison
them it's rough yeah and you know you
have to take a look at just the overall
take that this administration has in
response to other countries and and how
we are just creating enemies all over
the place we have created enemies out of
allies we have you know brutalized
people who seek asylum in the United
States we have continued the same
policies that we've criticized george w
bush and obama for which is the drone
strikes abroad you know we have a you
know amplified and expanded our
involvement in the Middle East those
stories don't get covered much because
the news cycle is flooded with craziness
all day every day and so we have no
friends we are making enemies all over
the place and we are brutalizing people
to an extent that I've never seen before
yeah and then also Trump has said that
this is a democratic I mean and if you
read into like his weird justification
how the Democrats are responsible this
is his this is his actual argument is
the Democrats have left too many
loopholes in the law and as a result of
that the ice agents have no choice but
to separate the family that's not true
at all
meanwhile there is the Democrats just
introduced a law into the books that
will stop this unfortunately there's a
Republican majority there is a
Republican majority but the one thing
that does give me a little hope is that
the ACLU is fighting aggressively
against this in the courts and recently
a federal judge in San Diego ruled that
that case by the ACLU can move forward
because there are potential
constitutional violations in this policy
so I have a lot of faith in the ACLU
they've done really good work in the
past and I think that they might be able
to achieve something on this to easy
ways folio interests want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
