young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio so Peter Navarro is the
president's advisor on trade and there
he is looking really good takes to code
a good tough-guy picture feeling real
tough about himself because he just
earlier this week said that there was a
you know special place in hell for
people like Justin Trudeau the Prime
Minister of Canada who took a stance
against Donald Trump and said that he
would levy
retaliatory tariffs against the United
States
Peter Navarro has since apologized he
said quote my job was to send a signal
of strength in conveying that message I
use language that was inappropriate and
basically lost the power of that message
he continued as Wall Street Journal CFO
General reports in conveying that
message I used language that was
inappropriate and basically lost the
power of the message he continues on I
own that that was my mistake my words
there you go so what happened I mean he
had some pretty strong statements about
Trudeau says that there's a special
place in hell for someone who would
obviously retaliate against nonsensical
tariffs right and now all of a sudden
he's like I regret it it's my mistake my
bad I'm sorry yes someone here someone
got to him and gave him a come-to-jesus
they're like what do you think you are
no you guys are messing with our profits
right now
I mean look there are a lot of
businesses in the United States that are
gonna suffer from a trade war especially
with one of our largest trade partners
Canada so all they took was 24 hours for
those corporate interests to get to
Navarro and be like listen homey time
for you to change your tune this is not
responsible this is not a good idea it's
so weird I don't even understand the
idea that Justin Trudeau is weak like
that they're saying Justin Trudeau
being such a weakling you're a weak
leader what are you talking about he
stood up to you yes I mean just the
internal logic doesn't make it stood up
politely and Trump doesn't respond well
to that he doesn't yeah he sees
politeness as weakness so that's what he
was referring to it was it was Trudeau's
tone I mean if I feel like if Trudeau
did a press conference with guns blazing
I mean that's when Trump might have a
little more respect for him which says a
lot about who Trump is back yeah the
background on Navarro is he is Trump's
like number one like trade advisor he
wrote a book then made a documentary
called like death by China so when you
hear all these things like the Chinese
they're really screwing us
that's Peter Navarro talking and he was
a designated attack dog that's why he
was using such tough language you saw
him out there he was clearly sent out
there to speak on Trump's behalf and to
and it was sort of one of those don't
worry boss I got this yeah and he really
did speak whenever he used you here the
president's name used with the middle
initial Donald J Trump you know that you
know that this is a guy who was sent out
there to do a job yeah he said Trump
said that you know cost a lot of money
for the people of Canada I just I don't
know it's it's frustrating and then at
the same time to call Justin Trudeau a
week and regardless of what you think
about like this North Korean summit the
conventional wisdom from the Republican
Party leading into that was that talking
to your enemies is weak in the meantime
Trump has basically given Kim jong-un
what his family has wanted for decades
yes the Jo has amazed like why would we
give Trump credit for this giant meeting
it is a meeting that that the Kim
jong-un and Kim Jong Il's of the world
have wanted for decades it's like giving
credit to Rachel for finally landing
Ross like no he's warning forever you
finally just said yes yes everyone
before you just said no no no and that's
the conventionally weak thing it makes
no sense to me yes such a backwards
thing not to mention all the like I'd be
like with his friends he's being mean
and with
and amis he's being yeah yeah so I mean
at the g7 summit he antagonized our
long-standing allies but then while he
was making friends with Kim Jong moon he
also further alienated us from other
allies including South Korea and Japan
you know Shinzo Abe a wanted to have
some role in this summit and Trump
basically told him you know f off like
I'm not really interested in having you
participate in any of this and then of
course Trump blindsided South Korea by
saying that he would stop the military
exercises and also potentially pull US
troops out of South Korea and bring him
back to the United States by the way our
own Pentagon wasn't notified of that
they were blindsided by that as well so
you're right I mean we're making all
sorts of enemies with people that we
shouldn't be enemies with and creating I
can't even say allies North Korea will
never be an ally it is not a rational
actor they don't have our best interests
at heart they would never defend us if
we got attacked and so I think that you
know when you look at the long game this
is all pretty disastrous on an
international level Trump has agreed to
less stringent accountability than other
people have gotten North Korea to agree
to like he has not accomplished as much
as people who didn't go and sit down
with Kim jong-un right or Kim jong-il
but the only thing he's done is given
Kim jong-un exactly what he wants which
is like less be like getting rid of the
military exercises and FaceTime with the
president well if it even comes to pass
I mean Trump doesn't he was looking for
headlines doesn't want to share the
headlines with anyone that's why I
didn't want I'll be involved that's why
I didn't want many of these other world
leaders involved whether or not as Anna
says attempt Pentagon wasn't even aware
of this stuff he's making statements
recklessly and just from the hip as he
usually does and whether or not there's
actually any follow-through remains to
be seen I mean you know his his
statements about who was gonna be able
to serve in the military his statements
on the trans community I mean they kind
of just rolled their eyes in the
military when he said that it was a it's
so we have yet to see what he's really
agreed to I think so far all he's agreed
to is a big photo
and a lot of ceremony two easy ways for
the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
