young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio recent financial disclosures
indicate that Jared Kushner and Ivanka
Trump who happened to be advisers to
Donald Trump have made quite a bit of
money on the side in their businesses
which of course are not tied to American
governance at all they made a total of
82 million dollars in 2017 alone so that
income was while serving as senior White
House advisors in 2017 and again this is
according to their own financial
disclosures which were just released so
to break it down a little further and
get a sense of where they're making
their money Trump Ivanka Trump urged
three point nine million from her stake
in the Trump International Hotel in
Washington and more than two million
dollars in severance from the Trump
Organization while Kushner reported over
five million dollars in income from
Quayle rich a Kushner COEs apartment
complex acquired last year in Plainsboro
New Jersey so that's just a little a
little segment or a little bit of the
money that they've made but it gives you
a sense of where they've made some of
this money and of course there are
concerns about conflicts of interest
corruption the lawyers representing the
Kushner Kushner and Trump's say that you
know they made sure to comply with all
ethics standards to you know avoid
making any type of ethics violations but
this does bring up some issues in terms
of you know who they're going to look
out for as advisors to the president are
they going to look out for themselves
and their own business interests or are
they going to look out for the American
people and Jared Kushner as you know is
no stranger to ethics violations and by
that I mean just in the basic disclosure
form that he has to fill out as a
government employee
he had no conflicts down then no hole
then he went back and amended it added
two then he went back and he amended it
again and added eight then he went back
in a minute again and he added six then
he went back in a minute again and he
added nine then he went back in a minute
again and again and again
this guy Jared Kushner he's got more
than I think 50 now amendments to that
original form which were to reflect
these conflicts of interests there is no
sense of ethics in this white house they
have no ethical compass whatsoever that
should be manifestly clear to us in a
sense then it is no surprise that this
is what we know about Jared and Ivanka
are are running away with the store
absolutely now Kushner divested some of
his holdings when he became an adviser
but he and his wife have maintained
large stakes in businesses with domestic
and foreign ties which could be
informing Donald Trump's foreign policy
decisions which he is increasingly
making unilaterally that's something to
consider
Trump's clothing and accessories line is
produced exclusively in foreign
factories in countries such as
Bangladesh Indonesia and China
fascinating information especially
considering the tariffs that Trump just
slapped on our allies with the argument
that we need to bring jobs back here in
the United States I'm pretty sure that
we have plenty of people who want to
work in the fashion industry and make
clothing for Ivanka Trump's brand why
aren't we bringing those jobs back here
to the United States I mean the audacity
and the hypocrisy of this administration
is incredible just today he's talking
about protecting the American worker
over everything right that contradicts
that and you mentioned these are their
reports this is coming from them and you
mentioned constant mistakes and I mean
there was even a mistake acknowledged in
the report that we got it there was um
several stakes and limited liability
companies that it was just an accounting
oversight there are a lot of Mis there's
a lot of money and a lot of mistakes
there's a lot of I forgot oh yeah I did
I did meet with the Russians oh yeah the
Chinese did a fund and I got half a
billion dollars and and all of a sudden
I was upside down in a real estate deal
and now I'm right-side up in it I mean
there's a lot of
Stan Lutz in this administration that's
right and the fact that Kushner has not
been forthcoming
in his disclosures is part of the reason
why you know there were issues with him
getting the security clearance necessary
to be an effective adviser right to the
president also last year Kushner's
assets were worth between 179 million
and 735 million so let's stop right
there obviously there's a huge disparity
there you might be wondering what why
can't we get a more accurate number why
the disparity well when the filings the
way that the filing forms are are
written it allows for that disparity you
don't have to be super specific about
how much you're worth they kind of give
you different categories but it's like
when you apply for a credit a credit
card they'll say your annual income is
2200 thousand whatever it is exactly and
then Trump's assets Ivanka Trump's
assets were valued between 55 point
three million and seventy five point six
million I'm not sweating money is the
body sweating money and they are still
very much tied to their companies or
their their family businesses remember
there was a lot of pressure for them to
divest or to no longer be involved with
these companies but they still very much
are now they've made a few changes I'll
give you an example with Ivanka Trump
she's still involved with her clothing
line but the way that she gets paid from
that clothing line is different so for
instance she gets a basically a salary
each year a fixed amount of money that
she gets paid from her company rather
than money that changes based on profits
and the whole idea behind that is you
know she's not going to be swayed by the
profits that her company is making but
she's still gonna get paid by the
company but her company is worth more as
a result of profits and revenues that
they're bringing in so regardless of the
check that they're sending out to Ivanka
Trump and she's not living check to
check so it almost doesn't matter her
company is gaining tremendous revenue
just because of where she
every day exactly yeah and remember I
mean when you look at the full context
of the Trump administration and the
policies that they've pushed for it all
really makes sense when you take into
account the business interests of the
very people that are sitting in the
White House so for instance those tax
cuts we talked about those tax cuts and
how they benefit corporations but I
think we can do a better job at
emphasizing that those tax cuts benefit
the Trump family and the Kushner family
specifically you know they're the ones
who are going to experience the joy of a
giant corporate tax cut and and by the
way they never cut the got rid of the
loopholes in that so-called tax reform
wasn't taxed and by the way Trump who
message is so well and I'm not saying
that facetiously he does he messages his
base he goes hey these kept tax cuts
you'll remember he said these tax cuts
gonna cost me money I mean I'm not gonna
make money on this I'm gonna I'm gonna
take a loss but these are the right
things for the American worker he's so I
don't know that even if the facts are
trickling down to his to the people who
put my office I mean to some maybe but I
actually had an interesting exchange
with a Trump supporter on Twitter today
friendly exchange because the UN had
released a report about the extreme
poverty in the United States and how the
numbers are really increasing and this
Trump supporter couldn't believe it is
like things are wonderful things are
fantastic have you seen the unemployment
rate it's at historic lows but when you
dig a little deeper and you look at the
number of people who are underemployed
or the number of people who are no
longer even attempting to look for a job
because they're having difficulty
finding anything when you look at the
stagnation of our wages in relation to
inflation when you look at the the cost
of housing in the United States when you
look at all these different issues the
economy is not really doing that well
when you look at the stock market and
see the stock prices go up you think oh
well people are investing in stocks not
an arrow these corporations are
investing in their own stocks with the
tax cuts that they just got from the
Trump administration that's right
overwhelming with the percentages in
going that money's going into buybacks
and that drives the price up exactly but
I mean I don't right now economic
analysts are expecting a recession by
2020 two-thirds of them are expecting
recession by 2020 these are the
who are actually paying attention to the
real numbers and so it's it's it's
concerning and I don't know if people
are ever gonna wake up to what's really
happening but these are all things to
take into account while the the the
Trump family profits handsomely from
their position in government two easy
ways folio interests want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
