young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio following Trump's meeting with kim
jeong-hoon there have been a number of
statements that our president has made
in regard to UN's intelligence his
kindness and how much he wants to see
the people of North Korea prosper now
it's a completely different narrative
from what we all know to be true which
is that Kim jong-un is a dictator
who is incredibly brutal to his own
people he imprisons individuals in in
labor camps gulags it's known as a gulag
State the the human rights violations in
North Korea are terrible to say the very
least they have imprisoned our own
journalists for years otto warmbier who
was a young man who traveled to North
Korea had been imprisoned and was
brought back to the United States in
such a terrible condition that he died
soon after and so when you take all of
these things into account it's a little
insulting to hear Donald Trump discuss
North Korea and Kim jong-un specifically
as such a great guy
but also discuss how North Korea could
be a great place for u.s. business take
a look well they have great beaches you
see that whenever they're exploding
their cannons into the ocean right I
said boy look at that baby wouldn't that
make a great condo beyond and I
explained I said you know instead of
doing that you could have the best
hotels in the world right there think of
it from a real estate perspective no I
don't want to think of it from a real
estate perspective I want to think about
it from a keeping the world safe from
nuclear war perspective I want to think
about it from a human rights perspective
I mean I get it he's a real estate mogul
sort of right but he is looking at this
as a business opportunity as opposed to
a situation where lives are at
risk where people are are regularly
persecuted murdered I mean you're
dealing with a dictator and he's having
a conversation about condos no think of
all the contractors you could stiff if
you built those condos and then you
didn't pay the people who built them
which you can do because you're a
dictator I mean it's unbelievable so now
the brutality and in North Korea is
legend he you know he gets off on these
little wrists where he's up in front of
the press and then he just starts
lavishing praise and then just yapping
and and that's what you're seeing but it
does reflect what's really going on in
his head I mean but yeah hotels and I of
course I want to think wait which hotel
is he recommending because we know we
know I mean I best though I mean that
doesn't match but just yesterday we saw
the reaction of Justin Trudeau and he
did none of this right so Trudeau who is
our ally and by the way we do a ton of
trade with Canada which benefits not
only Canada but the United States and US
manufacturers he goes after Trudeau and
and and you know calls him week tweet
after tweet just tearing him apart
tearing him down that is our ally he is
tearing down an ally while
simultaneously going on a press tour to
say all sorts of complimentary things
about a dictator in North Korea who has
threatened to nuke the United States
okay so there's the business aspect we
got to that now let's watch you know all
the nice Pleasant things Trump said
about Kim jong-un following the meeting
he's going to be happy his country does
love him his people you see the fervor
they have a great fervor I think that he
really wants to do a great job for North
Korea I think he wants to die nuke it's
very important do you believe he's well
you know over my lifetime I've done a
lot of deals with a lot of people and
sometimes the people that you most
distrust turned out to be the most
honorable ones and the people that you
do trust they are not the honorable ones
his father made agreements with the
United States and then said he was gonna
show clear up and stand back slip didn't
keep the commandments and he talks about
that he said that you know there are
reasons he didn't because he was let
down by the United States you trust him
I do trust him yeah he trusts me I
believe I really do I mean he said
openly and he said it to a couple of
reporters that were with him that he
knows that no other president ever could
have done this I mean no other prey he
knows the presidents he knows who we had
in front of me he said no other
president could have done this I think
he trusts me and I trust him I would
love to have him at the White House
whatever it takes and I would love to
have him at the White House and I think
he'd love to be there so the US
president has now become a tool for pro
North Korea propaganda that is what you
heard in that montage of statements from
our president I would love to invite him
to the White House
he loves his people no he doesn't love
his people he brutalizes his people
anyway this is look again I mean I there
is that caveat that silver lining of
okay at least that were more diplomatic
and we're not worried about nuclear war
at any moment because Trump's on Twitter
talking about how his nuclear buttons
bigger than Kim Jong Un's but at the
same time we can't have the US president
running around spewing propaganda for
Kim jong-un because that's essentially
what's happening here yeah he does speak
as though he's some kind of publicist
for a brutal regime it's just crazy I I
do think and I do embrace the fact that
we've gotten to this place of peace or
potential peace in the weirdest way but
to in any way hold up that regime as a
humane or a decent or he's a guy trying
to do the right thing there's no
evidence of this I mean you know we've
mentioned the gulag State we've
mentioned the brutality of the people
well you know he's killed his own family
you know he killed them it killed his
uncle with some kind of anti-aircraft
missile that he fired at the guide you
and these are public executions that are
taking on a kind of James Bond villain
quality he's an awful guy he's not
president US journalists he's murdered a
man
in Taurus exactly you're by the way that
was one other thing that really bothered
me that Trump said which was he said to
about the otto warmbier that he said
that his death was not in vain and he
was spoke to the parents or you know
claimed that he was speaking to parents
and said you know your your death and
your son didn't die in vain I thought
really how could his death not be in
vain right back to the United States in
essentially a vegetative state and he
died soon after being returned to the
United States how was that death in any
way nothing but the greatest tragedy
from start to finish it was something
that didn't have to happen in the first
place
exact foreign and then just that we keep
talking about it but he's no other
president could have done this we
haven't done anything yet
except hold a meeting which of course we
know could have happened over and over
and over again it just should not have
happened which is why it didn't I'm so
glad that you mentioned that because one
thing that Trump is applauding himself
for and I'm seeing a little bit of a
little bit of this in the media as well
is the fact that this was a historic
meeting right that he is the first US
president who has done this and he makes
it seem as though no other US president
could have done it but that is not the
case
north Korea has wanted legitimacy for a
very long time and the best way for them
to get that legitimacy is through
meeting with the US President and so
other presidents could have easily done
this they could have done this at any
moment but they refused to do that
because they understood what the agenda
of the North Korean dictator was and so
yeah they didn't want to legitimize that
that regime I think that's a and the
other thing is that Trump by
smack-talking North Korea is the one who
put everybody on a war footing so now
we're all breathing a sigh of relief but
we were already briefed we didn't view
North Korea as this huge threat until
Trump started smack-talking them in
almost like wait a minute that wasn't
part of his his campaign he he didn't
like to Romney but he didn't say that he
was going to get us into a war with
North Korea and then all of a sudden now
we're all like oh my god thank God
everything's peaceful Trump really might
be and even you hear me saying that that
we we love the notion of peace even if
we have to get there in this weird way
but the truth is we weren't on a war
footing before Trump started
smack-talking North Korea right
cleaning up his mess that he in in part
created and being cheered for it he's
we're not even back to where we were
before we got president Trump we're not
even back to where we were her we're
just sort of cleaning up there back and
forth Trump was the person who said
openly and transparently that North
Korea would be met with fire and fury
the likes of which no one has ever seen
before okay that was an S a needless
escalation with North Korea and honestly
it created so much fear with South Korea
that they were willing to work with the
North Koreans in order to kind of
develop some sort of diplomatic peace
deal on the side and then with the
urging of South Korea Trump did agree to
open up talks with the North Koreans so
in a weird roundabout way
Trump's juvenile immature and dangerous
behavior on social media convinced other
world leaders to actually step in and do
something before the situation escalated
to nuclear war I'm so glad you said that
because South Korea is and and the
change in the South Korean stature was
the thing that really produced this
meeting and and leads the way perhaps to
something positive two easy ways for
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
