young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio Donald Trump is currently in
Singapore with his for his meeting with
kim jeong-hoon this is an unprecedented
and historical meeting and even though
there is some speculation about whether
or not it will lead to any success in
getting North Korea to agree to the new
nuclear izing there are some worries
that this meeting might legitimize North
Korea I like that he's taking a
diplomatic route but we'll we'll get to
that in just a second now the White
House said that discussions between the
United States and North Korea have moved
more quickly than expected while
apparently removing the possibility for
now that President Donald Trump's
meeting with Kim Jong moon could extend
into a second day there were some
questions about whether or not it would
extend to a second day and there's of
course there's planning that goes into
this but on Trump's behalf it seems as
though actually I know for a fact that
there's been very little to no
preparation he is now focusing on
foreign policy from a gut instinct model
rather than hey I just listened to my
advisors I got all these different
perspectives and this is how I'm gonna
proceed type model which is historically
how things have been done when it comes
to these types of situations Trump and
Kim are expected to sit down in a
one-on-one meeting accompanied only by
translators to be followed by a working
lunch
I think Trump's first working lunch yeah
working much with an expanded group of
officials so first it's gonna be a
one-on-one thing with translators later
they'll expand the meeting with other
individuals now I keep talking about how
Trump prepared for this but I wanted to
hear from Trump himself so let's hear
from him
what did he do to prepare for this
meeting with Kim Jeong lucky us yep good
question how long take I think within
the first minute I'll know just my touch
my feel that's what that's what I do how
long will it take to figure out whether
or not they're serious I said maybe in
the first minute so he will know by his
touch his feel that's what he does with
kim jeong-hoon he is one of the most
dictatorial evil people on this planet
and he's just gonna base everything on
gut instinct touch his touch and his
field because it's what I do
well the the Accord itself if they can
if they can get to some kind of personal
a peace accord you know in a war that's
essentially it's an armistice right
there's it hasn't been an official
cessation of the cessation of
hostilities but there hasn't been an end
of the Korean conflict yet officially I
mean so there are a lot of ways you can
get to positives in all of this without
getting a full denuclearization this is
just a photo op it's a one-day meeting
with Kim it's clearly a photo op in a
sense he doesn't need to prepare if you
can shake hands and sit down for lunch
you can get through this day
coincidentally he wouldn't prepare even
if it were you know a two-week eight
hour and a session that there was gonna
have to be leading he wouldn't prepare
in those in that case either but this
really is just a super official meeting
I mean which is all Kim has wanted this
whole time over this is why this meeting
has not happened it's not like this is
some amazing feat it's they've they've
North Korea has wanted this meeting with
prior presidents and also we're talking
about his feel his touch that's how he
knows if this is going to be a reliable
negotiator but history has shown us that
this team is not mm-hmm but I mean I
guess your touch I mean yeah of course
it's a follow up that's all they want
just acknowledgement from the US
he elaborates on on how he plans on
using his gut instinct right in this
next clip you know the way they say that
you know if you're gonna like somebody
in the first five seconds you ever hear
that one well I think that very quickly
I'll know whether or not something good
is going to happen I also think I'll
know whether or not it will happen fast
may not but I think I'll know pretty
quickly whether or not in my opinion
something positive will happen okay so
this there's a lot to unpack here
there's a lot I want to say first I
agree with you mark that this is the
first possibly only meeting he's gonna
have with kim jeong-hoon and it does
feel a lot more like a photo op with
that said I am happy that he's taking a
more diplomatic route rather than
tweeting insults at kim jeong-hoon on
twitter right like instead of taking you
know talking about how big his button is
and whatever you know threatening
nuclear war that was a very bad time
when it came to this whole North Korea
and nuclear weapons situation now
another thing that I'm a little
concerned about though is even if
everything goes well with this first
meeting even if there's a second meeting
and North Korea somehow agrees to
denuclearize when North Korea really
trusts the United States to uphold its
side of the deal which would be to lift
the sanctions and also uh you know end
military operations with the South
Koreans and and the Japanese which is
one of the things that the North North
Korean government does not like they
want that to and immediately I I know
that if i were kim jeong-hoon i would
look at trump and i would see how hiren
eggs on all of these other deals i would
see how he constantly goes against
allies slap sanctions on people or or
you know increases tariffs or creates
new tariffs i would look at the way he
treats allies and think to myself i'm
not an ally I'm an enemy I'm an
adversary why would I trust him of
course he could turn around and pull out
of this deal at any moment those are
that I'm considering and thinking about
and I'm curious if that goes through Kim
Jong Un's mine or if you know Trump's
advisers are worried about that the
perception matters
I mean he's also kid looking in the
mirror saying I wouldn't trust myself
and then it's easy to go back to this
time where they my button is bigger than
your time but also remember where we
were just two weeks ago mm-hmm that was
not polite that was that Leonard was
kind of nasty it was all full of implied
hey I'm cooler than you it was weird
we just we were good and we were bad
we're good now we're having this meeting
and honestly I mean Dennis Rodman's
there though maybe he'll save it yeah it
is true the way this has been an
on-again off-again summit and and two
points first of all of Brooke is right
that Kim gets a lot out of this meeting
just on the superficial one day meet
it's a photo op this is what he's wanted
he's now on the world stage with a quote
leader of the free world all of a sudden
this is really what he wants a place at
the table to show the legitimacy of his
regime his regime is brutal as you know
it's a gulag state it's positively a
horrifying life in North Korea he's
starving out his people to pay for
weapons systems and and and so that he
and his henchmen can can live you know
lavish lives but all right but there are
a lot of bad people okay you could say
that but point is he is now legitimized
by this meeting with Trump so there's
that but Anna may have the point which
is to look how can you make a deal with
Donald Trump knowing that he may flip on
that deal in 18 months especially if
it's a deal for your survival that's all
Kim cares about he only cares about the
survival of his regime that's why I
always thought there's really no threat
of violence on the on the Korean
Peninsula because he doesn't want a war
on the peninsula any more than we do so
I agree I the prospects of a legitimate
agreement coming from this I would think
are very small but again this one-day
meeting is just a photo op right and and
I think the the best thing that could
happen is that kim jeong-hoon doesn't do
anything that Trump interprets as an
insult because all it would take is
one small misinterpretation or
interpretation of an insult for for
Trump to lose it right and so I just
hope that it ends peacefully I do not
believe that North Korea will
denuclearize and I think that even if
North Korea agrees to do so it's
unlikely that they will uphold their
portion of the deal because historically
they have not done so and I find it hard
to believe that for instance South Korea
would give North Korea some of the
defectors back to the country which is
what North Korea wants I mean they're
not gonna give those defectors back so
we'll see how this all plays out I'm
just hoping that it ends peacefully I'll
listen the last footnote I would say to
you Trump is out there is that look the
Pompeo got the release of some Americans
from North Korea that was a win
talking with Kim is a win as Anna said
I'd rather have them talking than just
trade trading insults and we're all
walking around thinking oh my god is
this guy he's crazy enough to launch and
we're talking about our president when
we're talking about that guy so so there
is there's something here that's that
could be a net positive I don't want to
you know lift my leg all over it just
because it's Trump even though III have
no respect for the man but what could
come from all of this might be
respectable
two easy ways to follow Young Turks one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
