young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio the New York Times has reported
that several White House aides and John
Kelly himself are considering quitting
their jobs because it's become a
miserable place to work according to the
New York Times several White House aides
have considered leaving the Trump
administration in the near future
including chief of staff John Kelly who
reportedly called the building a
miserable place to work he allegedly
made those statements last week when he
was meeting with Senators The Times is
also reporting that joe hagen one of
Kelly's deputies has also considered
departing now they are exhausted and
they feel increasingly alienated in the
Trump administration apparently Trump
has no interest in working with them he
doesn't trust them he's concerned and
paranoid about leakers and so when he
seeks counsel it's usually not from his
advisors or from members of his cabinet
he seeks counsel from personal friends
outside of the administration now Steve
Bannon says this is the way things work
with Trump but it's working out
handsomely this is how he won this is
how he governs and this is his super
power drama action emotional power
basically treating the US government as
one giant reality show you know a giant
soap opera when in reality we have real
problems with real Americans suffering
and unfortunately we just have this
dysfunctional environment in the White
House I mean just even this coming from
junk it's like a song on repeat because
not only did you make the decision to
work for this administration but the
person before you in this exact same
position I feel like this was the same
article with different names no I've
been here before
yeah the turnover is astonishing
same situation
oh it's miserable he doesn't listen to
me oh this has happened before so we
didn't need I mean we never need Steve
Benton's words but we didn't need them
this time because we already knew this
but he's finding I think don't you see
and Trump a little bit that he's kind of
feeling it now he feels his power he's
in power he doesn't need to listen to
anybody and when you're there to offer
advice and even a counsel that might not
always agree with his initial instinct
that's got to be a pretty lonely place
to be because you know the president a
doesn't want to hear from you if you
don't agree with him and be you're
seeing him pursue policies that are
ludicrous in the view of most of these
White House staffers no remember the
people that he surrounds himself with in
the White House including John Kelly are
supposed to be experienced professionals
who can advise him who can help him who
can give him much-needed perspective
considering the fact that he doesn't
have any experience in politics Trump
does not come from politics he doesn't
seem to even understand how our system
of government works doesn't come from
governance he doesn't know anything
about administering right and so look I
understand this this rejection that
Americans feel toward career politicians
I totally get that but at the same time
you need people who understand the inner
workings of governance as you mentioned
mark and Trump doesn't understand that
and he has this obsession with pursuing
things unilaterally and only surrounding
himself or receiving an advice from
people who agree with him so let's just
quickly go to who he talks to and who
he's getting his advice from according
to the New York Times rather than
trusting the people around him Trump has
taken to working the phones more
aggressively to seek counsel from Cory
Lewandowski and his longtime friend
David bossy I mean those are the people
who are in Trump's ear advising him on
important issues like national security
the meeting with kim jeong-hoon
what to do about our economic situation
it's terrifying these are not people who
have any expiry
or any knowledge in how our system of
government works and how to run a
country
plus he needs a balancing element there
he is he's way out on a limb on most
things and you need some balance in that
white housing increasingly there is none
and so you have the people fleeing the
White House I mean really that's what's
happened he's run through most everybody
and now as Anna says you've got Kelley
looking at the exit and Kelly's
assistant looking at the action and then
it'll be all new people and a threadbare
staff it's not it this is not everybody
who's left hasn't been replaced right
and you have an isolated president he
increasingly be like you know he loves
me he really does it's not Nick Sounion
you know at the end of Nixon's
administration he was isolated but he
was isolated in depression and isolated
as he felt attacked and he saw the end
of his presidency Trump doesn't see that
he sees all these people are getting my
way are now out of my way and and I
think you're right he's feeling it he
likes it I mean we something that you
mentioned like yes we have people headed
towards the exit well before we've had
enough people walk through the entrance
yeah it's a great point this yeah that's
that's scary and and that's particularly
true of you know key national security
positions so again he is not only
isolating himself within the White House
he's isolating the United States from
its own allies and that is a scary thing
to put into the context of you know a
national security component of you know
the federal government that is still
flimsy to say the least because he
hasn't appointed enough people yet or
none of the people that have been
appointed have their history has nothing
to do with what they're doing now I know
yeah I mean oh well I mean the here's
government and cabinets that populated
by people who have you know who couldn't
find the men's room for the first couple
of months I mean Corey Lewandowski
wasn't smart enough to tell a New Yorker
reporter that what his phone call with
him is off the record and he why not
that's the reason why Corey Lewandowski
was booted from the White House I mean
the guy's a clown and he's advising the
president that is devastating and
terrifying just keep that all in Trump
really
Lewandowski oh he's one of the guys that
trumpet he's kind of a guy's guy sort of
then and so Trump liked him and he liked
the way he ran the White House and as a
result I'm not surprised in a way that
he still in touch with Lou and down I am
I am a little I was like wait what I did
at some point think that this guy is
embarrassed him and this was over and so
too here am i racing you're a little bit
that they never really broke up with you
and ask you know pics were there I don't
remember so anyway I think there's a
part of Lewandowski which is sort of
that aggressive male drive that Trump
that that Trump likes as well anyway I
think they're bonding on that level two
easy ways following Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
