yet you as the white person would be
happy to receive the same treatment that
our black citizens through in this
society please stand you didn't
understand the directions if you white
folks want to be treated the way blacks
are in this society stand nobody's
standing here that says very plainly
that you know what's happening you know
you don't want it for you I want to know
why you're so willing to accept it or to
allow it to happen for others so I
thought I'd do something a little
different today I received a message
recently on Facebook someone asked me
why do you fight for us why do you speak
out for us are what are you getting
about us that most white people up and
then they asked what was the first
incident that made you pay attention so
rather than do what I usually do which
is report on whatever story has me
pulling out my health that day so I want
to answer this instead and give a brief
insight into why I can't stand by and
how the responses I receive fill me to
fight even harder so why well the first
thing I usually speak about is my first
experience witnessing racism in the
country I've been here a few days right
so I was taking a metro train to explore
LA I know who does that and I was given
a metro card by a friend but I got on
the wrong train so I got off and
switched forgetting to put more money on
it forgetting so I got on the train and
a metro police officer came round and
was checking people's cards he came to
me
checked it said there was nothing on it
so I batted the baby blues played the
I'm Scottish card I don't know and he
said all right next time just make sure
to refill it he continued to the end of
the carriage and there was a young black
man there must have been around the same
age as me headphones in the officer
asked him for his card same thing he
said he wrote this young man a citation
and kicked him off at the next stop now
it's not like after this incident I was
struck by a lifeguard from the walk
God's above and joined the resistance
it wasn't until I repeated this story
that I began to develop a thirst to ask
why and dig a wee bit deeper so when I
told people about this later I found
that the majority not all but most of
the white people I told the story to
would look for ways to rationalize the
incident and eliminate race well maybe
he'd seen the kid before and he knows
what he's doing
why I'm sure doesn't
well what was she doing in the first
place whereas when I repeated the story
to people of color who I knew some just
nodded as if yup be now or they shook
their head remembering a similar
incident so maybe in the devious
sociological person that I am I decided
to carry out an experiment and tell the
story switching the situation where I
was the one who was kicked off and the
overwhelming majority of people
responded with dude that's so fucked up
or why would he do that now the thing is
that could have well being another
reason why the officer in that situation
decided to treat the young black man
differently but I wanted to know why
certain people I spoke to about it
evoked this instinctive level of doubt
in one situation but not when I switched
it and so from that in college I decided
to major in sociology and started to
immerse myself in the work of see right
mills James Baldwin Huey Newton to nashi
Coates and studied the ways in which
society consciously and unconsciously
reify racialized perceptions of people
and the more I studied the more I seen
broader similarities of the one incident
I witnessed like when a black person is
short and killed by police there is an
immediate presumption of guilt for the
victim whether it be weed like in
falando Castillo's case or the bad dude
comment attributed to terrence crutch or
from a hundred feet in the sky or
blaming a twelve-year-old Tamir rice for
playing with the toy gun whereas when
you switch it in the death of Justine
diamond the Australian white woman shot
and killed by a black officer she was
given an immediate presumption of
innocence there was no questioning her
actions or her character in fact the
Tucker Carlson's of the world decided to
abandon their go-to vilification of the
victim to make excuses for police and
eliminate race as a factor and instead
scrutinized the officer Muhammad nor was
an immigrant from Somalia is that a
relevant fact this guy been on the force
for two years he had three complaints
against him it seemed like a lot
something they refrained from doing when
the race is a switch he panicked and
shot him even so this is a racially
motivated and he killed panicked our
system of justice a person is innocent
until proven guilty so seeing things
like this triggers that initial incident
in my head and I ask why and when I
posed these questions in reaction I get
just reiterates why I should ask these
questions why do you hate wipey
you're right why do you even care you're
the problem trying to start a race war
and again people looking for ways to
avoid the reality that racism still
plays a prominent role in the way in
this country is run today it still
directly impacts the lives of people of
color whether they're sitting at
Starbucks or barbecuing or just taking a
nap it's still there and I for one want
to ask why and continue to make people
uncomfortable until they ask themselves
why because I could have easily just sat
back and accepted though that's the way
things were on that train or that there
must have been a concrete reason for why
the black kid was kicked off and I
wasn't that things are good because
they're good for me and so I will
continue to ask why follow me on
instagram at Francis M Maxwell on
Twitter also Francis M Maxwell you can
like and share this video you can also
get the TYT app and as always continue
to resist
