admit it when you saw the headline Trump
attacks Canada you thought there was at
least a 5% chance that we literally
invaded Canada and with Trump there
always is
it's not meant to be deceptive he really
did viciously attack the Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau so here's how it
went down I'm kind of with Trump you
never know about anything right
so Trump decided that he was going to
pick on the one country that we actually
have a trade surplus with and that's
Canada now look don't get me wrong he's
also doing tariffs on steel on aluminum
to Europe and in other countries we
don't have surpluses with and you could
have different feelings about that I
think he's going about it the wrong way
I also don't believe in the trade deals
that we have we had in place before
Trump so those are all complicated
issues but but he's reserved most of his
ire for Canada which makes no sense at
all because we don't have a trade
deficit with them and then he went lied
about how we ever trade deficit with
them and that all you got to do is look
it up so as usual it's a terrible
planning and and a dumb way to lie
because you can get caught immediately
anyway so he does the trade tariffs on
Canada and what does Canada do Justin
Trudeau after the g7 summit does the
most predictable thing in the world as
the representative of his country he
says well then we will do a retaliatory
tariffs and with great certainty we will
do that well of course they will so will
Europe so will Mexico so will every
other country that we did tariffs on
that's kind of how tariffs work tit for
tat right so nothing and that should be
surprising but trumple thin-skinned
I guess upset and he's a how dare he say
that he would retaliate what do we see
supposed to just bow his head I guess
like this guy who is used to being this
ape cool going around going bow your
head right thinks that that's what
people are gonna do they're not gonna do
that they're independent countries of
course they're gonna retaliate in the
same measure that did you struck first
especially Canada that has a trade
deficit with us we have a surplus with
them they have a deficit with us so what
is Trump do he rips into Trudeau on
Twitter
he's weak and dishonest first he starts
talking about other country's leaders
then he can't help himself so he finally
clarifies and he says Justin as in
Justin Trudeau and then finally by the
fourth fifth tweet he's like I could
find it's Justin Trudeau and he's weak
and dishonest and terrible and I can't
believe this and will strike back even
more will do more tariffs yeah that's
exactly how trade wars go that's why we
told you not to do this so then he's not
done yet so he sends his minions on
television and larry cudlow is
theoretical top economic adviser such as
he is he plays an economic advisor on TV
and that's why I Trump picked him so sad
anyway he goes out there and says Canada
has betrayed us and they stabbed us in
the back and we're the ones that hit
them I mean this is insanity to talk
about Canada like this they've turned
this into a South Park movie they're
blaming Canada for everything and they
didn't start it we did and then Peter
Navarro is top trade adviser goes on
television it says the same thing they
double-crossed us and they betrayed us
and they stabbed us in the back what the
hell got a fascist talk is this I guess
it your top Ally and then they add now
after press goes along with Canada
they're also traitors what on God's
green earth are you talking about this
is this is how they try to quell dissent
it doesn't matter how wrong we are it
doesn't matter what the facts are and
what the trade surplus we have with
Canada it doesn't matter that we went
first don't you dare say it otherwise
we'll call you traitors like those
Canadians that burned a white house down
and of course if you remember that's
what Trump said last week he thought in
a call with Trudeau that the Canadians
have burned that White House down in
1812 in the war of 1812 at a time that
Canada didn't exist so no the press
should do its job and tell people the
facts and in this case unfortunately
sometimes our country is wrong and we
don't have a king and we don't bow our
heads we live in a democracy when they
are wrong we criticize them and we point
out the facts and and if people think
that their president is wrong enough
they get rid of them they vote him out
okay it's a democracy I know Trump hates
it and he hates our former governor
but that's the former government we have
and can you please stop attacking our
allies and so what does he do by the way
let thing g7 somebody's like oh the
Russians are great the Russians are
great we should let them back into the
g7 Oh Canada
terrible weak dishonest betrays us so
Canada is our enemy and Russia is our
friend look I hope one day Russia is our
friend but under Vladimir Putin it
certainly doesn't look like that and not
that's really simple all right I'll see
you guys
