okay New York Times - the story about
John Kelly dumps White House chief of
staff
they say visiting senators asked them
hey John how's it going
he said I'm quote horrible they said why
he said the White House is quote a
miserable place to work to which I say
of course of course it is all these guys
look I I got no love for them and I have
no sympathy for them they chose to work
for Donald Trump and they knew what he
was but I'm always amused when they are
disgruntled and that they are surprised
so why is the White House a miserable
place to work well very simple Donald
Trump tells them to go do stupid things
they go do it and then it gets them in
trouble and then Donald Trump turns
around goes why'd you do that what'd you
do that like what you told me to do that
he took no I didn't you're stupid you
are dummy and you're weak okay I didn't
tell you to do that but you did you just
told me right Donald Trump has no idea
what he's doing so I love this the New
York Times goes so out of their way to
try to justify it and they try to find
some sort of thesis behind it so they're
like this is his theory on management
through chaos no no there's no such
thing
chaos is the opposite of management
you're making things up they're trying
you're stressing like no no no we're
neutral we're neutral we're not against
Republicans we're not against Donald
Trump we think it's might be a secret
genius plan to do management through not
doing management just having chaos
instead that is not a theory of
management it never has been and ever
will be why is there chaos of the White
House it's because the president is an
idiot and doesn't know how to manage now
one piece of evidence that he doesn't
know how to manage is that he brank
bankrupted himself six different times
that he's like I meant to do that
those smart business you know what
smarter business making a profit
Business School we never got bankruptcy
101 how to survive how to do brilliant
business by doing chaos management and
bankrupting yourself there is no such
course there is no such theory so and
then the other part of Trump that define
miss corruption of course so they always
try to find the theory for that to the
New York Times article again on this
same story it's like all of his advisers
keep telling him to fire Scott Pruett
because he's so obviously an
overwhelmingly corrupt but he seems to
really like him so they're trying to
figure out why oh I know it's because he
is corrupt
Trump's corrupt so he looks at scott
Pruitt's corruption is not a bad thing
but something he can relate to sir no
this is my kind of guy he apparently
calls Pruett all the time and complains
about Jeff Sessions not being corrupt
enough he's like white why did he recuse
himself wasn't he just cover for me
instead of executing the laws of the
land like you supposed to why he's
complaining to Scott Pruett why isn't
Jeff Sessions as corrupt as you and me
you mean he's gonna get rid of Pruitt
for Trump corruption is not the bug it's
the feature okay there are two defining
points of Trump and I know right now all
the mango guys obviously but even the
guys in the press won't recognize it
don't like what Jake what do you mean
he's the president he he appears to be a
billionaire he says he's a billionaire
and so he must be really successful no
there are two things that define him and
after he's thrown out of office
everybody will come back around and go
yeah I guess yeah chaos is not really a
theory management no one he's stupid
everything he does is not by design
Steve Ben and the story's talking about
oh he likes to manage by conflict and
drama and he has raw emotional power you
know what that means he doesn't think he
just does whatever comes to his mind
he's a bull in a china shop and look it
has its advantages and the corruption
has its advantages because he's
shameless and if you're shameless
you can actually get away with a lot of
things if you don't care about other
human beings you can get away with a lot
of things and it can lead to temporary
success but I'm telling you at the end
they're gonna go oh right he never had a
plan he doesn't stink one step ahead so
point one he's stupid point two he's
corrupt that's all you need to know
about Donald Trump and it will explain
everything else not anything about
emotional power and he likes to do
management through conflict in cast
that's all preposterous on the North
Korea trip they say hey did you plan for
it he's like I don't need to it's just
all about attitude no
and no it isn't attitude is important
don't get me wrong and I think Obama did
not show enough strength and attitude
etc but that's not the only thing you'll
also have to know about the Korean
Peninsula you have to actually know
foreign policy I've been studying it my
whole life
really when when did you study the
Korean Peninsula he's so full of crap
and it's obvious all you have to
understand is those two things that I
just explained so is it surprising that
the chief of staff his number one guy
who's supposed to organize his whole
agenda is frustrated and thinks it's a
