young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio a Maryland gubernatorial candidate
has decided to air one of his political
ads on Fox & Friends in an effort to
upset conservatives and Donald Trump
specifically now this gubenatorial
candidate is gay and so he wanted to
really put that out in the open in this
ad by the way just to give you an idea
of what the White House's stance is on
the gay community the LGBT community the
White House has refused to acknowledge
Pride Month for a second year in a row
and Trump did tried to implement a
transgender ban in the military he tried
to do that twice the first attempt was
shot down in the courts now with that
said let's take a look at the political
ad that I'm speaking about I'm rich
Maithili no I'm running for governor to
deliver progressive results and to stand
up to Donald Trump here are a few of the
things I've done that already infuriate
him I protected Planned Parenthood from
the Republicans in Congress
I helped ban assault weapons in Maryland
I believe in public schools not voucher
state that calm and best utilize and
what's the number one way I piss off
Donald Trump and the Republicans take
that Trump local ads that we saw where
people were really throwing dirt on each
other and going in on each other even
though he was speaking directly to Trump
and what he stood against as opposed to
just slinging mud it didn't feel hateful
it didn't feel hateful and I love that
he paid to have this air during Fox and
Friends which of course Trump is
watching I mean there is a 90
percent chance he was watching us all he
watches frame and Twitter yeah I think
it's all it's good you know free love
except I'm all for it because you know
where your voice and we're all about
intersectional feminism but I think
something that we maybe are missing is
that you know 2017 so the highest death
of in amongst trans people and it was
the highest and the high stood majority
were black trans women so as much as
this is lovely him coming together with
his partner and having a lovely cuddling
kiss we're not really getting to the
deeper issues at all and I think it's
sort of misses the point I feel it's
very pretty and it's lovely and happy
and there's some kids and take that
Trump but it's not really going as hard
as I think it may potentially could
right well I think I I think you're
right
but you also have to consider that it's
it's an ad and it was a an attempt to
kind of get his name out there I think
more than anything he was a little
gimmicky yeah that was the thing that
turned me off about it but I like the
whole notion of upsetting conservatives
and Trump specifically so I enjoyed that
I looked at that gubernatorial race is
very interesting he is in fourth place
at the moment I love Ben Jealous so I
I'm supportive of Ben Jealous as the
gubernatorial candidate but with that
said you know he this candidate
obviously appears to be in the right
state of mind at least to put it so he
said this candidate is trying to get
more awareness toward his name of course
Ben Jealous among people who are running
in this Democratic primary Ben Jealous
is in the lead but he's still running
second to people who have no opinion so
there it's something I've wrote it down
39 percent of the electorate has no
opinion Ben Jealous has 21% of so he's
losing by 18 percent to people who
haven't made up their minds that's who
Magdalene was trying to get to pay
attention but yeah he did this but Dave
Chappelle just stumped for Ben Jealous
today so there back and forth in terms
of Oh bringing attention but yeah I just
saw that earlier Ben Jealous has been
fighting for civil right
for a very long time he is definitely a
progressive candidate III I'm impressed
with him
I think no I'm not gonna say never mind
number two person is more established
establishment backing in the
gubernatorial race over there Maryland
but yeah I would like this is a move you
do when you need people to know your
name it is the same move that Brian Kemp
that guy in the door that was a Georgia
governor's race what he's like I'm such
a conservative I did this does that
happen to agree with Maddalena more
people on the left are so much better
it's a much cuter but I wasn't really
mad at the guy who like I mean there was
a deportation bus guy know that yeah
that that one yes I disagree molesters
wrong cus I disagree obviously with the
things he was saying it is like concrete
details and it's a you know persuasive
paragraphs of graph of why you should
vote for him I will say they're both
like I piss off the other side so much
and the other guy just happens to not
have like a deep south accent but but
think about the differences between the
parties right I mean with with Democrats
it's or at least those on the left the
argument is I'm gonna really upset the
other side by kissing the person I love
yeah and then on the right you have look
here I got my deportation bus and then
you know the shot I'm more conservative
than the other guy and he's sitting
there like pointing a rifle at his
girlfriend his daughter's boyfriend
with like all this weaponry behind him
like it's like violence violence
violence vote for me I'm more violent
and it was with those on the left it's
like in the music behind I'm sorry Tom I
like Ted Cruz cooking bacon it is done
follow the Young Turks by hitting the
subscribe button below or get our new
app wonderful download of the App Store
t YT plus go
