young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with Nina
Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio an elementary
school in Massachusetts is getting a
quite a bit of attention after parents
who were thinking about sending their
child there came across a Nursery Rhyme
that would prepare kindergarteners for a
potential lockdown in response to a
shooter so I'm going to show you the
note that was tweeted by these parents
and it went viral now for those of you
who might not be able to read it it says
lockdown lockdown lock the door shut the
lights off say no more go behind the
desk and hide wait until it's safe
inside lockdown lockdown it's all done
now it's time to have some fun so again
this was posted in a kindergarten class
and I completely understand why the
school why the teachers would want to do
it this is obviously a serious problem
and how do you communicate this problem
or how do you prepare kindergarteners
for a potential shooter but it does it
is a pretty devastating commentary on
the state of of the country how schools
are dealing and coping with a very real
problem and by the way the lack of
action on on a federal level Betsy DeVos
is now the head of a commission that is
supposed to respond to these mass
shootings and when asked by senator
patrick leahy will you be looking into
the issue of guns she specifically said
with a big smile on her face that they
will not address guns yeah so they it's
it's interesting because this is what
nursery rhymes are for mm-hmm
traditionally in history
ring-around-the-rosie is about the
plague it is about how to diagnose the
symptoms of the plague ring around the
Rosie you got red ring pocketful of
posies those are the
Bo's in the bubonic plague ashes ashes
we all fall down we die yeah that's it
Jack and Jill went in there and just on
their face these nursery rhymes are
terrifying Jack and Jill went up the
hill to get a pail then they fall down
the hill and they die like it is weird
bye baby yes between that and Disney
every mother trying to kill a stepmother
trying to kill a child and you know dead
somebody and yeah did you see that the
Beauty and the Beast and it's Pro
bestiality message interspecies mating
is great you know frozen cocaine's
coming out of her hands frozen cocaine
that is beautiful but listen you know
people I went online and I looked at
some of the responses to this you know
when I think about it I think about
Sandy Hook those little kids did not
have access to anything that was
preparing them for murder because they
did it they were not prepared because
they shouldn't have to be but when when
I saw all the outrage about these
Nursery Rhymes you know what why don't
you be outraged about these homegrown
terrorists that are the reason why these
children while we've had to update the
nursery rhymes to address mass shootings
which are now a reality that we all have
to deal with as a grown-up I go into a
movie theater I was in the movie theater
nervous because I thought a guy next to
me I was profiling the white dude
sitting next
it makes me nervous so imagine a
five-year-old not having the basic
information about and unfortunately this
is how you program children through
music you know and how you program them
to to learn things that you know you got
to get them programmed to understand
what they are supposed to do if somebody
goes in their classroom with a gun well
we are stopped we got to stop coddling
these murderers it's it's funny because
I oftentimes will do like a comparative
analysis of how Americans prepare
children for you know pretty devastating
things but adult problems and and
difficult concepts concepts of
understand and then I think about like
how my parents prepared me for things or
how Armenian parents traditionally will
prepare their parents no no I'm out okay
I'll not hate listen people come to
school they have gone they try to kill
you I give you gun and you never she
never tried to like rhyme or do
something you'd see with anything is if
bully come to you punch him in the face
yep you know and it's like it's it's
very different and and the thing is the
way that I think American culture
handles these situations it almost kind
of I don't know how to explain it it's
whitewashing is not the right term but
it makes a very serious issue seem less
serious yeah that's what I mean to say
so when I grew we both grew up you know
Los Angeles area and we had the
terrifying experience of an earthquake
is the ground which you rely on to be a
solid thing just suddenly mmm effing
with you shaking all around and so the
way they prepared us we had drills of
course but they also had the shaky quaky
bus which was a hydraulically fitted van
that parks at your school in its
room b goes down at time for your shaky
squeaky butt and Yogi Bear and the
hydraulics shake and this is a
five-point earthquake here's a six-point
earthquake but what else I mean what
else are you supposed to do you're right
yeah right I true yeah there isn't there
isn't really much you can do bang this
is Donald Trump's America isn't it so
that's what we're looking at right now
America yeah yeah yeah it gets worse
every year there's no question about
that the it happens more often now that
we're you know mass shooters no there's
nothing nothing's gonna be done about
this they have mental health issues
themselves which by the way I do believe
needs to be addressed but it's not just
mental health issues it's also guns I'm
sorry I totally interrupted you yeah no
no that's fine I'm yeah I don't think
you know we put it down to mental health
issues or just you know if it's the
school yes it's you know I want to kill
a bunch of kids if it's the church that
we're a bunch of you know people of
color black people got shot it was
racism so and they always put it down to
mental health when it's a white guy it's
mental health right but it's a black guy
or a brown guy it's a totally different
scene I mean even Delta even down to the
way that there is a basically that cop
that drove into the guy who was running
off the black guy that was running our
Georgia yeah that's that's what happened
one day before yesterday was something
like that and even there you know that
was again just profiling there's this
poor black boy they if it had been a
then that white cop would never have got
another job if he'd been black mm-hmm so
that again like the look at the
situations and how they play out it's
just the same yeah he's a nice boy and
we knew him when he was a little boy I
mean like what does that even mean right
you know there's a ton of people I know
and they were little and nine of them
now it's like I won't have anything to
do with them yeah I do knowing them as
lovely
new jeffrey dahmer as a kid bundy as a
kid and then specifically to the issue
of guns in school Nancy DeVos did you
see that there was a moment when Nancy
DeVos went in a hearing before Senator
Leahy and Leahy was like so are you she
has a new she has a trump created a task
force to study safety in schools and
like he's like so are you gonna study
guns as it relates to safety in schools
and she just booked she's like oh no
we're not go well we'll leave the door
open we're not with that bad blah well
won't even commit to studying the
effects of guns on school safety by the
way that Commission was created
immediately after the shooting in
parkland Florida oh yeah
and so it was created in response to a
shooting and they're refusing to even
consider the issue of guns and it might
have something to do with the fact that
Betsy DeVos herself is invested in a
company that makes parts for military
weaponry ie guns right so and by the way
you were incorrect about one thing as
she was answering she didn't have a
serious look on her face she had a smile
as she's telling Lahey no we will not be
looking at the issue of guns
she thinks it's smiling while she's
saying something incredibly stupid
somehow masks the stupidity of her
statement I mean it's it's unbelievable
but of course they're not going to do
something about it and it will continue
to be an issue we need to get more
active politically yeah and and that
that is really the only hope that we
have please get involved in your local
elections be involved in the general
election as well but more importantly
the primaries matter they matter a lot
yeah and and don't leave it to the last
minute where you do have an option
between the lesser of two evils great
ways to follow the young turks one is
ring the bell on youtube the other is to
get our new app TYT plus at the app
store let's go do it now
