young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with the in
a Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio a dreamer who
had been in the country since he was
three years old had chosen to be
deported
rather than forced to be deported after
he had some minor convictions for
misdemeanors involving driving under the
influence
now unfortunately shortly after he left
the country and went back to Mexico he
was murdered and some are some believe
that he was murdered by cartels because
of the drug violence in Mexico Manuel
Antonio I know
Pacheco was scheduled to graduate from
high school last month but died just
after being deported by US Immigration
and Customs Enforcement so let me just
explain how this all happened he had
been in the country since he was three
years old he had protection as a dreamer
however after he was caught dreama I
don't know if he was drinking but he was
driving under the influence a judge had
decided to take that protection away
from him and he had an option he could
either be forced to leave the country a
regular deportation or he could agree on
his own volunteer to leave the country
and the reason why he chose that option
is because he would have the ability to
come back as a visitor in the future
now unfortunately again after he left
shortly after he was murdered according
to reports his throat was slit that was
the way that he was murdered he had a
one-year-old child here in the United
States and apparently he had a full
scholarship to a college so he was
battling with depression based on what
his family is telling reporters his
father had been imprisoned for drug use
and that kind of led to a downward
spiral in his own personal life and
unfortunately
it ended in a very tragic way so when
you say heat when it is said in reports
that he chose to leave to be deported
the choice was between you have to leave
and you have to leave but you can come
back right so that was not the choice to
say you know what it seems like it it's
my decision to do this no that was the
version of the punishment of you had a
DUI you need to go that he chose because
obviously he would choose that between
that and the alternative but when you
bring up depression we're just talking
about mental illness a dreamer doesn't
get to have depression in the eyes of a
conservative media or conservative he
doesn't get to write he is a criminal in
in he is painted as such and he is
treated as such and you need look no
further than the brock turner case was
his name to get in the stanford swimmer
right yeah he had he was going through
some stuff it might have a negative
effect on him so we will go easy on him
because he's a swimmer from Stanford
that's that is the disparity that is so
clear so prevalent in stories like this
and it's utterly unjust I just want to
quickly remind people who might have
forgotten about that story
he was caught raping someone who was
unconscious behind a dumpster yeah and
the judge was incredibly lenient gave
him a six-month sentence three of which
he actually served judge got recalled
yeah yeah recalled which was some good
news this week and you know what and to
tie those two things in together if you
don't think that those local elections
matter and when it comes to these cases
this kind of stuff these judges the
people who are in office that affect you
locally that's when you really have to
use your power to get those people out
just like that judge is gone the the DA
in Florida that was associated with the
Trayvon Martin case gone because the
people in the community chose to go out
and vote quite honestly I'm an anchor
baby my father is a an immigrant that
has been deported three times back to
the Dominican Republic he's not in the
United States when I think about these
stories I can I think about the
privilege that I
had to be born here because he was only
three so it's not like he he came here
six months ago but the demonization of
immigrants
I know those Bush girls were drunk and
in and in doing drugs and alcohol and
people you know stigmatize these young
people I'm just so tired of the war on
people who look like me and people who
come here to make a difference going on
a scholarship to go to college not a
gang member not participating in crime
here trying to do something give a
better life to his own child and just
yet you go on Twitter and the
justification for this he was a criminal
and we want our country back and I'm so
tired of hearing people who stole this
country saying that this is our country
I've had it up to here this is white
supremacy at its best and white
privilege you know that's very obvious I
mean he's painted out I mean just
recently he called immigrants um 45
called immigrants animals and this if
this poor child all of his the only
thing he did wrong was to drink under
the influence then he has a criminal
record and the option is basically leave
or leave and he left and then really
we've not really solved any problems
because what we really have to play with
here is that white supremacy still rules
and body five is still busy coddling
every single white supremacist out there
while they're busy homegrown mass
shooters are killing children in schools
and in churches and at the same time
we've got all this attention going
towards I see and immigrants and I think
it's it's it's not an alignment with
what apparently America is all about
and yet it's what we seem to be focused
on continuously and again more smoke
screens and more smoke screens well
forty five gets to do whatever he wants
by in the in the background and busts
out with some new policy and and for
anyone who thinks ok well he did break
the law so that's it he gets to he needs
to be deported can you at least
acknowledge that those who seek asylum
at the border are seeking asylum for
legitimate purposes because that
violence in their countries which by the
way is perpetuated by our policies
is real and they're afraid and they want
to protect themselves and their families
and how do we respond to them we rip
their children away from them take their
children to detention centers or
shelters in different states and then
spend US tax dollars to prosecute those
very people who are seeking asylum
that's that's what's happening in the
country right now there was a report
right right before we went to air about
how immigrants are now being put in
federal prisons because these detention
centers are too full these private
prisons are too full federal prisons are
used for the most violent criminals
imaginable people who have been
convicted of violent crimes and right
now we are housing undocumented
immigrants there because we don't want
to give them asylum we don't want to
protect them I mean it's one thing to
not want to allow them in the country
which I disagree with but why not just
send them away why would we need to
prosecute them why would we take their
children children away and keep them in
detention for it who knows how long
sometimes it's an indefinite period of
time yeah I mean it's it's crazy
didn't Coretta Scott King try to warn
y'all about Jeff Sessions did she say
wasn't it wasn't it her who Coretta
Coretta Scott King spoke out about him
when she was alive back in the day I
have family that's work in politics now
Alabama they knew about yes but what I'm
saying and when he was running that was
the name of the black woman that was
like do not do not do not you guys got a
vote against him yes I'd make sure and
the dirt jump is like that only the
black people the skid him he was the
first one to say like Trump seems like a
good guy I'm gonna get out in front of
them gonna be the first idiot in line
there he was me first and he's the worst
the worst went first yeah and I have to
be honest I kind of enjoy every time
Trump he tears him apart on Twitter
easily tears him apart for all the wrong
reasons
I do enjoy it because he deserves it
yeah hey he's not a good person
I mean look Trump has employed he's
filling the swamp I mean like the swamp
has not been emptied he has picked the
worst people like Scott Pruett to head
the EPA Jeff Sessions to head the
Justice Department as Attorney General
it just couldn't get worse and it just
feels like he's picking picking members
of a fan club you know you like you like
me okay yeah sure sure you can come in
right so yeah it's baseless follow the
Young Turks by hitting the subscribe
button below or get our new app
wonderful download of the App Store TR t
+ go
