young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcast of some of your favorite
shows and new shows including one with
Nina Turner former Ohio State Senator
she's gonna do we the people with Nina
Turner talking about equality and
justice and seeing that through the eyes
of regular Americans who are affected by
politics and policy everybody check it
out at TYT dot-com / audio celebrity
chef Anthony Bourdain has died at the
pass at the age of 61 from an apparent
suicide he was discovered in his hotel
room in France and he was actually in
France to tape an episode of his hit CNN
show parts unknown
now Eric Ripert a celebrity chef was
also a good friend of his appeared with
for Dane on several of his shows and
found him unresponsive glados for Dane
who was a longtime editor of the New
York Times said she had no indication
that her son might have been thinking of
suicide she said he is absolutely the
last person in the world I would have
ever dreamed would do something like
this and that was the reaction of a lot
of people although those who were
extremely close to him said that it did
seem as though things were a little off
and you know before we get into more
details about this story I just really
want to emphasize for anyone who's
watching anyone who might be struggling
with mental health issues depression
anxiety please please please get help
please get help you're not alone a lot
of people all over the world are
suffering from this as well and there is
the National Suicide Prevention lifeline
if you want to call and get help it's
one eight hundred two seven three eight
two five five again the numbers 1-800 to
seven three eight two five five so this
has been a really hard story for me and
i I've never responded or reacted this
way to the passing of a celebrity but
Anthony Bourdain had a huge impact on my
life and I'm now learning on the lives
of a lot of other people and it's it's
just a devastating story and yeah very
responsible for it's weird it's weird to
say like he changed food television
it's not like food television he changed
a lot of the the what the role that food
plays in a lot of people's lives now can
trace directly back to his effect on it
from you know it used to be a working
television so it's like I used to be
cooking shows were just people like
Emeril Lagasse yelling BAM and throwing
spice on things but I can't look yeah
like that but and he changed he added a
voice a personal relationship with not
just the food with the chefs the people
behind it and culture part of culture is
food right but he brought other parts of
culture into the discussion of food and
brought food into the other parts of the
discussion of culture and I know we do
the happy half hours a new show that's
that was on today and there's one
segment in particular where I'm doing an
impression like I'm just that sucks it
like I'm doing an impression of like how
he talks about how he talks about food
I'm talking about drinks and it's weird
but it's he's really intense and it's so
unexpected
it is did I walking around like making
you know talking about sea urchin
that's how suicide plays out it's never
really I think that anyone expects and
you know for me it was it was so
shocking because you know we're in in in
one week we've had two deaths amongst in
white communities with with privilege
with access with health care and nice I
just want to think about the fact that
what's happening in our marginalized
communities and what is being unseen and
I know being from a South Asian
community and talking about the black
and brown community as a whole we have a
lot of stigma around mental health yeah
and we don't get the help we need
because we're always told to sort of be
more positive back up you know you can
get through it they're going to push
through but really it's such a huge
health issue but accessibility is one of
the biggest things in the black and
brown community how are we going to help
them push through because these were
people with privilege ya know they had
everything everything and yet they had
to go in this way so two things that I
want to mention that I I think need to
be discussed and it needs to be a little
more widespread first of all everyone
keeps talking about oh my god this is so
onyx
affected and same with Kate Spade you
know her life seems so perfect Anthony
Bourdain his life seems so perfect he
had it all how could this happen I
really want to emphasize that people's
public lives and what you see on social
media is not representative of what is
really happening in their lives it's
just not I remember in in 2016 you know
just going back to what you said about
stigma 2016 was a very difficult time
for me personally and it was the first
time I dealt with depression and severe
anxiety and I opened up about it on the
show and I did not expect people to
respond to me
with gratitude because of the stigma I
get attacked all the time so I kind of
share things about myself without caring
what other people are gonna think
without worrying about stigma that is my
privilege you know not not having that
worry but I had no idea that people felt
like they couldn't talk about their
mental health issues that they couldn't
open up and seek the help that they need
because they were worried they would be
stigmatized please don't worry about
that stigma I we need to have open
conversations about depression a lot of
people suffer from it and it doesn't
matter how successful someone is or how
perfect someone's life appears to be
people have real struggles behind the
scenes or how funny people are so I
suffer from depression and I suffer from
clinical depression not you know I
actually my mom has a clinical
depression and when I talk about it I
listen to me it was a really sad story
to read it's specifically about because
of the times that we're in everything
there's so many people who are have the
spotlight that are using it to divide us
and when we lose someone who actually
uses their platform to unite us and to
highlight our differences as positives
it really does feel like a loss because
you know all the headlines are always
like Democrats and Republicans and it's
become so fashionable from everybody to
just say I belong to this group that
group is wrong just to have people like
this
who are allies two people from our black
and brown communities that go highlight
you know our culture and say these are
this is great food brings us together
this is so I'm a little bit shook by it
I've been having my own bout of
depression and I'll tell you as a
stand-up comedian people don't ever
think that we are depressed and we are
some of the most depressed people on the
planet which is why we choose to make
people laugh because that makes us feel
better but you know money fame like his
mom talked about him and she said he he
had so much money and he was so
successful those those don't fill the
void that you feel when you have mental
illness and the stigma is I remember
telling my mom that I felt depressed and
she would say you're not crazy don't say
that you're not crazy there's nothing
wrong with you like snap out of it it's
and it's chemical and it's not something
that I can snap out of and it's
something that sometimes makes me not
want to get out of bed and just I've
been on this show and been depressed and
people are like looking and saying
what's wrong otherwise her hair not calm
just because I had to struggle to get
out of bed and just being here with you
guys will keep me going just another
moment so I say to you
black and brown young people and I'm
speaking to everyone but specifically
those of us who come from those
communities where people tell you that
it's something you can just get over
that you can just snap out of and you're
dealing with issues go outside of your
your village if you need to and go find
the help that you need because there are
there are a lot of measures out there to
help you and it doesn't always have to
be medication you're right yeah yeah
that was one of the reasons why I got a
dog and he really helped me but it's
different I mean there I love that you
mentioned clinical depression there are
different types of depression for some
people it is a chemical physical problem
you know and and it needs to be
addressed and so it doesn't mean there's
anything wrong with you it means that
again we need to have open honest
conversations about it if you are a
public figure who is suffering from
depression you have the ability to
the stigma by coming forward and talking
about what you've dealt with and you
know going back to what we were
discussing in regard to anthony bourdain
teaching people about culture I mean
that's the reason why this has impacted
me personally I didn't know anything
about Anthony Bourdain until about 2017
I'm sorry 20th 2007 2007 at that time I
was fresh out of college had no interest
in the world around me and what I mean
by that is I thought la is the best
place in the world why would I want to
go anywhere else I hadn't traveled out
of the country yet and one of my good
friends was about to go to Europe and
she invited me I said no why would I
spend money to go anywhere else I love
it here and at that time I started
watching Bourdain and he sparked this
curiosity in me and just seeing him
share other cultures and how beautiful
the world around us really is I mean I
was obsessed with his show at that time
he hosted a show called no reservations
on the Travel Channel and I remember
calling my friend up and saying I'm
going to Europe with you and that was
the first time that I traveled and I
just started really taking in other
cultures and appreciating them I wanted
to share a video of Anthony Bourdain
this is one of his more recent episodes
on CNN I'm Armenian so naturally this
was an episode that meant a lot to me
personally and so here is his recent
trip to Armenia
genocide this isn't about revenge this
is about recognition war if we lose we
know that we will be destroyed
annihilated earthquake
I'm the generation who literally learnt
alphabet with a candlelight armenia is
adored a lot this isn't some
geopolitical conflict on a map every
family is touched every day 100 people
leaves Armenia but it remains a place
that millions of diaspora Armenians are
very very sentimental about I myself I
will never leave Armenia I was born in
Armenia and I will die in Armenia and
I've been hearing it for years what are
you going to Armenia what are you gonna
Armenia what are you going to Armenia
well finally I'm here
so he's uh he will be missed to say the
least
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
