you see this this is how it starts okay
you guys know me by now I've reported on
stories like this for quite some time
but this one yeah this one broke my
heart into wee pieces ten years old ten
years of age and right in front of our
eyes we witnesses trauma a trauma that
will now follow him wherever he goes a
trauma that may lead him to act in a
different way when dealing with law
enforcement a trauma that may change his
State of Mind potentially resulting in
an officer fearing for his life
situation you see this is where the
breakdown between law enforcement and
the black community starts and an age
where the only thing you should be
worried about is what's for dinner or
when the next game of pickup is but this
child is here worried for his life to
the point that he wet himself in a video
that has since been circulated worldwide
and wildlife feel it's important to
highlight this story it's not fair that
this child's anguish has been witnessed
by the world and in responding chief
police superintendent Eddie Johnson said
Wednesday that the police followed all
protocol and rules when they detained
ten-year-old Michael Thomas junior who
matched the description of a young man
10 to 12 years old that was passing out
a gun but let me ask was a protocol when
they told the child they knew he had
escaped from juvenile and had a gun
rather than asking him now this case is
not cut and dry by all means law
enforcement officers are undoubtedly
regularly confronted with situations
like this especially in Chicago but the
question I want to pose to everyone
watching this video and please feel free
to DM me any examples to the contrary is
what an unarmed 10 year old white boy be
placed in handcuffs for 15 minutes
would he be held for this length of time
to the point of unimaginable fear all
while his family and friends are close
by confirming his identity and his
innocence because this is where we must
move beyond partisan opinions and have
some empathy a child will now go forth
and is like petrified of those sworn to
protect and serve and for what reason
protocol well officers who shoot and
kill unarmed black men and have been
cleared of wrongdoing we're also just
following protocol does that make it
right and this is part of why the black
community has so look
confidence in law enforcement a recent
study by Pew Research showed that only
about a third of blacks but roughly
three-quarters of White's say police in
their communities do an excellent job or
good job in using the appropriate force
on suspects all I'm saying is we must
look at this situation through the lens
of race and wonder what would have
happened if Michael Thomas jr. had been
white in order to understand the
complexities and consequences of such an
interaction and in order to do that we
must refrain from the reflexive well
what was he doing in the first place and
why did he run victim blaming impulses
this is a child ten years living on this
earth people are out here doing exactly
what they did to justify the shooting of
Tamir rice trying to rationalize this
interaction by questioning a child's
motives and again let me ask you would
you be responding this way if it was a
ten-year-old white child and in closing
while this video has been shared
millions of times I think we can really
do better to support this child you know
the way the world United to support
Keaton Jones let's send our support to
Michael Thomas jr. and tell him that
he's not alone and he has nothing to be
embarrassed about that we empathize with
him and support him that when confronted
with an unimaginably difficult situation
he proved himself far stronger than most
of us can imagine because we are with
you young man follow me on instagram at
Francis M Maxwell on Twitter also at
Francis M Mac so make sure to like and
share the video you can get the TYT app
here and as always continue to resist
