we got the news this week that john
bolton tried to sabotage peace in korea
here's what we have from the State
Department officials believe National
Security Advisor John Bolton made the
Libya model remarks wanted to
deliberately blow up those talks with
North Korea this was all of course ahead
of this June 12th summit according to
sources Bolton's concern was that the
talks would not go in the right
direction for the United States so we're
learning this was all on purpose
Michelle Kosinski is joining me now
Michelle this is significant multiple
sources are saying this because there's
always been that question when when John
Bolton the national security adviser
brought up the comparison to let's have
North Korea denuclearize in the same way
Libya did you know that was a quick
denuclearization relatively but
everybody knows that the North Koreans
are infuriated by this model because
they're not looking at the process of
denuclearization so much as they're
seeing the end game for Muammar Gaddafi
which was of course being killed albeit
years later by rebels that were backed
by the United States so when you hear
John Bolton say this on television and
then the president picks up on it and
repeats it and then the vice president
picks up on it and then they witness the
blowback of this and knowing that it
infuriated the North Koreans and then
everyone's angry about it the question
has been why did Bolton bring this up in
the first place so sources are saying
that he he too knew that this would have
that kind of negative extreme reaction
but he wanted to throw this big monkey
wrench into the works possibly blow up
the entire process of talks because he
felt that it wouldn't end up in the u.s.
his favor in the end now whether that
was because he felt like North Korea
wasn't going to play the game or he felt
like the US side wasn't going to be
capable of getting everything they want
that is up for debate among these
sources but they feel that this was a
deliberate attempt to shake things up
that then angered not only the president
but the Secretary of State and the two
of them then had a heated conversation
in the White House over this this is why
according to one source
Boulton is now cut out of the process
cut out of the North Korea issue at
least for now and that's really stunning
to see especially when he came in to
make changes and to get things like this
done say it say it say it say it say it
I was getting more and more frustrated
as that clip went on because they start
speculating why would he do it in the
process he wants war he wants war say it
say it say it guys they can't help
themselves because it is an axiomatic
truth on CNN and elsewhere in corporate
media that were the good guys
so even when a top US official just
tried to sabotage peace talks on purpose
they they just cannot bring themselves
to say John Bolton wants war with North
Korea he wants war he wants a regime
change he wants bombs to fall he wants
people to die and John Bolton has a
record of wanting those things he
fucking pushed for that non-stop in Iraq
and elsewhere okay so say it while fuck
are you tiptoeing around it just fucking
say it but they can't bring themselves
to say it oh my god it's so frustrating
now here's the most important point how
is that not treason how is that not
treason the President of the United
States at least nominally is trying to
do peace talks with another country a
top US official purposefully sabotages
that because he wants war how was that
not treason how is that not turning your
back on your country trying to drag your
country into a war force your country go
to war when the president is trying to
get peace john bolton should be arrested
for treason he should be arrested tried
and he should be found guilty that's
treason this is treason this is treason
and whoever leaked this information to
CNN they obviously know stuff they
obviously know that this is exactly what
John Boel was planning on doing
so and by the way we cover this at the
time and my commentary was like look at
this fucking guy man he's just he's such
a jackass such an idiot
why would you when there's an attempt to
try to make peace and have talks for you
to bring up hey let's do the Libya model
with North Korea that means let's get
them to give away their weapons and then
let's topple them and kill them that's
what that means because that's what
happened in Libya Gaddafi gave up
everything and then we were like haha
and then we killed him anyway and we
toppled so for you to say but I'll bring
up the Libya model to kim jeong-hoon
knows what the deal is with Libya he's
he understands what happens so I was
like look at this fucking idiot saying
this no it was on purpose
he's sabotaging it on purpose because
for whatever reason John Bolton was
unable to sway Trump on this issue of
North Korea apparently probably because
they were already bombing eight
countries and Trump's like okay I can't
do another war so he couldn't sway Trump
so instead of saying okay I lost this
one he tried to sabotage the peace talks
lock this fucker up for treason actually
he should be locked up many weeks he's a
fucking war criminal with what happened
in Iraq lock him up for his war crimes
and for treason and I don't know why
more people aren't talking about this
this is a gigantic fucking story and it
was just a blip in the radar and
everybody's acting like no fuck can talk
about this here's your real scandal we
have real scandals here people
