young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio I just launched a 2.4 million
dollar contract with a data surveillance
company that will ostensibly wiretap and
follow the social media accounts and
mobile or Internet doings of anyone they
feel that ice would be surveilling and
this could be very widespread actually I
mean under the current rules it could be
anyone they suspect is doing any kind of
illegal activity which includes being
here without documentation I speaking on
this did say confirm that they were
saying during the course of conducting
criminal investigations ice homeland
security investigation special agents
gather evidentiary documents and
electronic data containing transactional
and non-transactional telecommunications
and Internet Protocol IP records this
exploitation analysis and linking of
these records can be a key component of
a successful criminal investigation some
people have clearly seen issues with
this being so widespread and being
applicable to a lot of people Julian
Sanchez talked about this he's from the
Cato Institute of privacy and
surveillance one obvious use that an
immigration agency might want to do with
that information is when you have a
fugitive or some specific person you
want to track you can track and arrest
them but he goes on to say that this can
be exploited saying for example one of
the things we know that ice is
interested in in is trying to assign
gang membership based on both the
judgment of local police departments and
social connections which we know is
often not super accurate connections and
patterns can exist without someone being
a member of a gang for example a little
while back several toddlers were
mistakenly identified as gang members
based on these
of analytics and this is happening
beyond just this particular company
which is called Penn link I mean we've
seen Donald Trump say oh these illegal
immigrants are animals but I mean only
ms-13 but I'm saying people I'm accusing
people of being an ms-13 that have no
evidence to support that they are right
so this could be a major issue so it's
not unusual for a government agency to
abuse their surveillance powers and
indiscriminately surveil people who are
completely innocent so that was a huge
story back in 2012 with the NSA that's
the reason why Edward Snowden can't come
back to the country because he was the
whistleblower who essentially let
everyone know that the NSA is
indiscriminately spying on people and
the argument was well this is in the
name of national security now Isis going
to have similar powers widespread powers
under the guise of hey we need to
prosecute undocumented immigrants people
who are in the country illegally I mean
there is precedent for them doing this
before with authorizing a stingray to
find someone who had illegal reentry
tintin to the US but but a stingray can
pick up the information of a lot of
people and so could this information
relating to cell phone towers relating
to collecting data this has to be a
question that people ask themselves
which is are you comfortable with ice
trawling through a lot of people's data
in order to find someone whose only
crime may be that they want to find work
or that they are seeking refuge or that
they you know haven't even done anything
right well I mean and even if you grant
the fact that they're in the country
illegally or whatever Isis agenda may be
I think Ana made the point I was going
to about Edward Snowden which is that in
essence you've seen abuses of the NSA
and associated surveillance techniques
in the past and then you've seen here on
TYT many abuses and aggression on the
part of law enforcement and you put that
together and you have and used
even in the case of ice abuses and
oftentimes flimsy reasons and motives to
do certain things so you take that and
put it all together with an ability to
surveil at will I think it's a it's it's
a real witch's brew of trouble I'm
really troubled by the surveillance
stuff because it comes so effortless
effortlessly now with the new
technologies and it's a real opportunity
for police and law enforcement abuse one
of my concerns it actually goes further
than oh this is my privacy I don't want
you checking in on me when I've done
nothing wrong which by the way by it by
itself that's a huge issue but remember
we're dealing with an administration
that is headed by a man who is
thin-skinned egotistical and likes to
take punitive action against those who
criticize him and just based on the way
protestors were treated on inauguration
day
I mean people look there were certainly
people who destroyed property and those
people should be prosecuted there were a
lot of people rounded up including
journalists who did not do anything
wrong right they were peacefully
protesting or they were working as
journalists and they got rounded up and
you know detained so if we're living in
a world where we have an administration
who takes those types of actions what do
you think the government would do with
information about you that could be
embarrassing right and you're thinking
about joining a protest or you're
thinking about assembling and and
speaking out or speaking truth to power
if you want to challenge the Trump
administration and they have this
ability to surveil you in any way that
they want that is problematic that could
have severe ramifications to our
freedoms to our First Amendment rights
that's what I'm concerned about that's
exactly it it's government aggression in
this new technological space where they
can do a lot of damage and Anna's right
all of us don't want our just phones
opened up and then have the government
cobble together whatever case they want
and these are constellations that they
look for of phone numbers and of
conversations right now but again overly
aggressive state will take that a bit
and take it to another level it's very
dangerous and look we have systems in
place in this country you can get a
warrant you can get a judge to hear the
reasons you need to surveil someone to
give ice open powers in this area is
scary it really is and this is the
definition of big government I mean we
we have conversations about
conservatives who are concerned about
big government on a regular basis this
is big government and it has nothing to
do with abortion it has nothing to do
with all the moral issues it has
everything to do with government you
know expanding its power and and
violating our rights against
unreasonable searches and seizures to
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
