young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with the in a Turner talking about
equality and justice and seeing that
through the eyes of regular Americans
who are affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio a South Carolina restaurant
manager accused of enslaving a black
cook for years has pled guilty to forced
labor this is regarding Bobbie Paul
Edwards he's a 53 year old white male
he's admitted he used violence threats
of intimidation tactics to force John
Christopher Smith into working 100 hours
a week without pay at Edwards Myrtle
Beach buffet restaurant J&J cafeteria
there have been different local accounts
of what exactly happened some are saying
he was in paid some we're saying he was
paid but it was less than three thousand
dollars a year by all accounts he was
working way too many hours for way too
little pay if any it seemed he was also
being forced to stay in a very broken
down apartment Edwards reportedly beat
him with a frying pan burned him with
grease fryer dipped tongs beat him with
his fists and his belt buckle and
routinely used the n-word while speaking
to him this finally came to a stop after
a long time
restaurant patron noticed that there
were scars all over Smith's hands and he
alerted someone to it allegedly Smith's
family would come by and Edwards would
hide him and not let him see them or not
let them see him even this apparently
Smith had been working there since he
was 12 but this period was when Edwards
was the manager between 2009 and 2014
jon-christopher Smith who sometimes goes
by Chris Smith in local outlets head
said I wanted to get out of there a long
time ago but I didn't have nobody I
could go to I couldn't go anywhere I
couldn't see none of my family this is
such a crazy story
so he's being he had been exploited by
this man and treated as a slave since he
was 12 years old and it went on well no
I'm not since he was working as a busboy
Oh normally there's a busboy now he's
about 40 so this takes leaders layman
period takes place between 2009 and 2014
but he had been working there before I
get it does seem to have some kind of
mental health mental health issue he's a
vulnerable person I'm to Anna's point of
view at age 12 I mean I think that's
when the whatever relationship that gave
this guy tremendous dominance over him
that's when it began probably I mean
clearly that's their history it dates
back to that that's crazy it's crazy
that you know it it went on for so long
and it went unnoticed and luckily a
patron a restaurant patron spoke up and
and finally justice was served in this
case you know that's the update to this
story this is a big story last year and
you know this man Bobby Paul Edwards
gets prosecuted and now he's facing
justice it seems like Edwards lawyers
are taken bridge with the term slavery
in particular saying we deny any
allegations of slavery and abuse we
don't believe there was any slavery
involved that word in the climate
wearing in this country quite frankly
makes it even more of a story so what
would you call it if you have someone
working a hundred hours a week and you
don't pay them and you're seeing them do
it if you beat them you keep them away
from their family right so quite frankly
I believe that's the definition of
slavery what is slavery like that
I mean look they're the defense
attorneys so of course they're going to
do whatever it takes to defend their
client but forcing someone to work and
brutalizing them with no pay is slavery
that's just what it is we do really like
it if you didn't use this terrible word
that we're doing yeah I mean sure I
would like to eat haagen-dazs every
night for the rest of my life and not
gain any weight but we don't get what we
want
well nobody says I that the use of the
word slavery in this climate that we're
in now exactly what climate would we be
in where these kinds of behave
would have been in another category I
mean you have to go back I think you
know turn of the last century to find
something that you know where you might
be able to get away with it it's a it's
an awful story it's depressing story it
as Anna says justice was done but you
know it's justice delayed you know so
Edwards faces 20 years in prison
a 250,000 dollar maximum fine and
mandatory restitution to Smith I don't
know exactly what that is though okay
well hopefully it's enough for Smith to
you know Lee
live a comfortable decent life because
that's what he deserves two easy ways
for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
