this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm rudy guiliani one of
donald trump's many lawyers was in
tel-aviv and he was asked about the
situation involving stormy Daniels and
how Trump's fix-it lawyer Michael Cohen
had paid her $130,000 in hush money
prior to the election now he said some
pretty disparaging things about stormy
Daniels when he was answering these
questions and many people are either
outraged or defending him about these
statements will let you judge for
yourselves let's take a look at what he
had to say she even believes in her
husband she knows it's untrue I don't
even that is true when you when you look
at stormy Daniels
sexual exploitation so there are many
things to address in that statement
including whether or not he regretted
saying those things just a little hint
he didn't he has only doubled down but
in the very beginning of that statement
he said she believes her husband in that
statement he was referring specifically
to Melania Trump and interestingly
enough it was just reported that a
spokesperson working for Melania Trump
has released a statement indicating that
Melania Trump has not spoken to Giuliani
and that is interesting information
because it essentially says well
Giuliani is not telling the truth there
I haven't had a conversation with him
about whether or not I believe my
husband and it's probably implying one
more thing which is that she doesn't
believe him right that obviously she
accepts meaning she understands that
Trump had an affair with this porn star
and she I'm not saying she approves of
it but she understands it as fact
otherwise why reach back and say
anything about Giuliani you could just
let the comment pass right but I think
too as he's demonstrated in these
comments he is off the cuff he is a
loose cannon so she probably doesn't
know what else he's gonna say and
attribute to her when they've never had
a conversation so maybe that's a good
way of just trying to nip that in the
bud
real quick that's a really great point I
didn't think about it that way so maybe
that was an attempt at you know
preventing any further damage that
Giuliani could do but you know the
Melania Trump portion of this is is I
mean it just develop so that's why I
mentioned it first but the bigger issue
is Giuliani essentially criticizing
stormy Daniels not just based on what
she does for a living
or how she's earned her money but
essentially saying that she's I mean he
said look at her yeah right she's not
attractive enough for the president to
have an affair with her I mean he tore
her apart in so many disgusting ways and
I just found it incredibly ironic that
he was on tape in front of all these
people slut-shaming someone when in
reality he is a defense attorney for the
biggest slut that's never been in the
Oval Office
just keeping it 100 and what I mean by
that is he's the first president who
openly has had children by three
different women he has cheated on his
wives and very openly it's well known
information this is not new so the idea
of looking at someone like stormy
Daniels and trying to discredit her
because of what she has decided to do as
her profession again is ironic
considering who you're defending in the
Oval all yes Donald Trump's not some
paragon of virtue you're absolutely
right he's he's slimy and almost
everything he's involved in and I don't
even know why through the almost dinner
I guess just to be polite but from real
estate deals to the way he's conducted
his sex life it's all had slimed to it
so it's not as though this guy just
stepped out of bounds once Donald Trump
he is somebody who lives his life out of
bounds
so Giuliani is in a weird place when and
I think it is indeed the case that he's
a loose cannon he just he just fires off
and he just is on such thin ice when
defending Donald Trump in any way
associated with comportment and behavior
and what said Donald Trump is the wrong
batter defend you may want to defend him
for being authentic for being a bunch of
other stuff but Trump certainly isn't
the guy who has behaved in any manner
that's defensible yeah he uses really
bizarre strategies to try to get to a
conclusion that is not justified by his
argument so he's trying to appeal to
Christian moral values well as we've
talked about Trump hasn't lived up to
that and then secondly let's not forget
his other sleazy incredibly gross
comment of grabbing them by the pussy
yeah I don't like to censor that because
that's what he said he didn't say grab
her by the genitals grab her by the cuca
he said by the pussy that he said
he's the President of the United States
and he was on tape saying that and he
also said that he goes up to women and
kisses them without permission right I
don't even ask them I move in on them
like a bitch that's what the President
of the United States said on tape just
making that clear thank you exactly and
he's trying to dovetail that with a
notion of trumping classy like we've
talked about and so it just doesn't
Square and then the other thing is that
he was trying to connect his dismissal
of her profession to not being a
feminist value also does not score there
have been many waves of feminism where
we're currently in an iteration where
we're revisiting and debating what it
means to do sex work and for what kind
of power women find themselves an agency
they find themselves within the sex
industry and this goes back like
centuries to there's a really great book
I should recommend you guys look at it
called Caliban in the Witch and it talks
about how women before the advent of
capitalism use sex work to just have
independent lives and so he's just I
don't know what he's saying basically I
just and it's a common misconception
it's not just Rudy Giuliani people think
that feminists and feminism is it's like
a monolithic right people and it's not
there's a lot of disagreement among
feminists even today on various issues
including whether or not sex work is
exploitative and so just keep that in
mind
but by the way Rudy Giuliani goes back
to that point later we have some video
of that but the question was hey has
Rudy Giuliani regretted what he said I
mean he's in Tel Aviv maybe he didn't
realize that there would be this much
backlash but in the age of the Trump
administration you don't apologize you
double down if you are part of the right
wing and that's exactly what happened
when Dana Bash spoke to him over the
phone and asked him are you gonna
apologize about this take a look he
didn't realize how big of a thing it was
and I explained why and he he initially
pushed back saying well in my day
feminists didn't like porn because they
thought it was demeaning to porn to
women excuse me and
then he said I still stand by what I say
what I said and I said we'll take the
feminism aside and just talk about your
main point which is that she doesn't
have credibility as a witness and he
said he completely stands by that and
let me just give you part of our
conversation he said the following if
you're involved in a sort of slimy
business it says something about you
says something about how far you'll go
to make money a person who would say no
isn't going to do something very
demeaning like that for money a person
who would do that for money a real point
about her is that she's not just
generally uncredible she's credible from
the point of view of wanted to get money
she's a con artist yeah never mind our
politicians who will risk the lives of
our soldiers of our members of military
just to make weapons manufacturers
wealthy just so they can protect their
campaign donations that's not in any way
loathsome but someone who does sex work
oh that's something that should
discredit that individual by the way
this is exactly the reason why women
don't come forward in cases like this
and cases where they have been
victimized by sexual assault or rape
because this is exactly what attorneys
do they attack their character they do
all sorts of character assassination in
an effort to discredit them and that is
what Rudy Giuliani is doing right out in
the open right now yeah it's
it's so despicable what he's doing he's
doing so many things that are awful at
one time and as Anna says he's smearing
stormy Daniels all those core to delay
you know we all know stormy Daniels by
now there's a suit underway there's been
a payoff all of these things are sort of
demonstrably in evidence and so he
really is just padding his part by going
overboard to smear her he's not gonna
get any sort of political capital for
doing it the only thing I was trying to
think why is he saying this stuff and I
figured he's trying to curry greater
favor with the boss Donald Trump and so
Trump can say hey Rudy I heard those
comments you made about stall McDaniels
good work I mean that's otherwise I
don't really see what political gain
you're getting or if there's any other
benefit yeah there's definitely what the
public doesn't know that's going
behind-the-scenes is that there's a
political game between people and the
administration for how close they can
get to the either the ear of the
President or have future positions that
they can get so all the sort of stuff is
very self-serving so we have to take
that into account when we read these
these comments that again what do they
contribute in terms of the discussion
around the stormy Daniels case nothing
except as you said smearing her
character completely with age-old 1950s
arguments yeah and my look my concern is
not just about what he's doing to stormy
Daniels specifically but what he is
doing in terms of setting America back
in their perspective on women and what
is and is not acceptable behavior so you
know essentially stripping women of
their independence and their ability to
choose their free will to choose what
they do look and here's another thing
that I wanted to quickly mention I see a
lot of people on the left at least on
social media some members of the news
various news organizations commenting
about what Melania Trump used to do for
a living she was a model there are some
you know examples of her modeling
scantily clad nude don't attack Melania
Trump in an effort to defend stormy
Daniels because you are stooping to
Giuliani's level there right when
Melania Trump did for a living was fine
and it's not something that's worth
criticizing and I feel the same way
about stormy Daniels again don't stoop
to their love right right it's just a
worth demonstrating the hypocrisy of the
arguments that they make which is they
are trying to attack and project moral
judgments on other people while at the
same time they are living out those
scenarios right yeah I'm just gonna say
this and I think you're right to hint at
I was kind of a worldview that's mired
in 1950 that's what we have in this
administration they have this view of
women they have this view of porn they
have this view of the evolving role of
immigrants in our society of the
military everything is 1950 just click
in to 1950 that's the world view and so
Giuliani's comments even down to stormy
Daniels reflect 1915 male
values with their kind of chauvinism and
a rudeness about this woman and and
again I mean it's not it's not as though
we know stormy Daniels so well but we
know that these comments that Rudy
Giuliani maids what makes our our rude
and again they reflect a 1950 world view
and that is what the Trump
administration is all about yeah and
it's an expected consensus you heard the
reaction from the crowd when he said
look at her look at Trump's other wives
and he was expecting everybody to be in
full agreement and yes there was some
clamor in the crowd but that's what he's
operating from and if you are expecting
innovation if you are expecting a vision
of a different world with these guys at
the helm then I'm sorry that's you're
gonna be rudely disappointed I know but
they're not looking at it's true
I mean they've experienced a different
world and they want to go back yeah and
so that night their broken heart world
view of the role women should play in
the behavior that they should and
shouldn't engage in that's something
that I think would probably do well with
Trump's base but I think the question is
for those who are kind of in the middle
who were turned off by you know the you
know the status quo I mean there's the
status quote it's terrible you need to
change it there's no question about that
but we got the wrong kind of change we
moved backwards right two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on youtube you're notified of our
videos
