this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm a federal judge from
San Diego has decided that an LA ACLU
lawsuit pertaining to Trump's policy of
separating children from their migrant
parents can go forward now this is a
case that the government argued should
not go forward but the federal judge
said no there are real concerns real
issues at play and it can go forward so
judge dana sobral says the following
that it may violate the Constitution's
guarantees of due process so that was
the reasoning behind his decision of
allowing this case to move forward such
conduct if true as it is as it is
assumed to be on the present motion is
brutal offensive and fails to comport
with traditional notions of fair play
and decency
but there was one argument that the aclu
made that the judge did dismiss he
dismissed a separate challenge claiming
that the practice violates Asylum laws
so remember this case has to do with
immigrants who come to the border
seeking asylum and in response based on
Trump's policy those people get
prosecuted and as they get prosecuted
their children get taken away from them
and they get sent to various places to
be detained in some cases their
detention centers in some cases their
shelters and it really depends but
remember this is happening on such a
wide scale now that there are limited
places to place these children now I'll
give you an example of one case that
really stood out to me there was a case
of a Brazilian who crossed with her 14
year old son and asked for asylum was
prosecuted for the misdemeanor of
illegal entry because she did not
initially arrive at a designated port of
entry she was sentenced to
twenty-five days in jail in Texas and
her son was sent to a Chicago facility
she wasn't reunited with her child for
eight months for eight months I mean
it's just unbelievable and you're right
I mean Anna's so right to point to the
to the asylum and these are not people
who have come here for economic
opportunity but by the way even if they
were this treatment would be abhorrent
but these are people who are fleeing a
war they were fleeing persecution
they're fleeing persecution of all sorts
and they end and end up in this country
in the minute they cross we separate
them and we in a sense destroy the
family fabric before they've even had a
chance at this due process so so again
let's just leave the legalities aside
for a moment this is the new America and
and I don't think we can be okay with it
I mean it really it violates sort of the
ethical and moral underpinnings that we
hope America has really been about I
really have a problem with this now to
the to the legal part I mean this is a
breath of fresh air from a legal
standpoint to think that this might be
it may be deserving of court
intervention right so let me read you a
little bit more from the judge and his
decision he said that allegations in the
suit sufficiently described government
conduct that arbitrarily tears at the
sacred bond between parent and child and
is emblematic of the exercise of power
without any reasonable justification in
the service of an otherwise legitimate
government objective so the judge is
being incredibly fair there because at
the very end of that statement he writes
service of an otherwise legitimate
government objective which is to protect
the border right so he's saying look yes
we we need to protect the border but we
need to do it in a constitutional way
and the way that this is being done
brings up constitutional potential
constitutional violations and that
violation is the lack of due process
right right I mean and in this case it's
a big win and I just want to remind
folks that the history of the US is a
history of separating families through
slavery through the
prison industrial complex through some
cases in the foster care system as well
so it's refreshing to see an emphasis on
the fact that there is a sacred bond
between children and their parents
especially if they're coming and seeking
asylum so I want to congratulate that I
do want to say secondly it is actually
our duty to take these folks in because
in most of these cases we have been
responsible for the reason they are
fleeing so there was in this story in
The New York Times Anna was reading from
in terms of the brazilian story there
was a story of a Cana galleys woman who
was coming in and separated from her
seven-year-old child and that child was
sent to Chicago and she was coming
through the California border southern
southern part of the border and what was
really disheartening to me I just had to
recall the Congo is in a complete state
of disarray because for in 1961 we were
involved in murdering the Prime Minister
and then backing a really deadly regime
and have been through corporations from
this country extracting all the resource
wealth that is in Congo that's led to
extreme war and probably the most deaths
out of any conflict since World War two
so we have blood on our hands and the
least we can do is allow people to come
in and especially you know this policy
the zero tolerance policy that the
Attorney General was determined to pass
through was intended to target Central
Americans and we should if we don't
already know the history of our
involvement for decades in places like
Guatemala and El Salvador in massacres
in trying to impose military
interventions when countries
nationalized their resources so again we
bomb and ban and we don't want to deal
with the consequences and so I'm happy
to see the fact that we do and there is
support for it and from a legal
standpoint absolutely and just to give
you some numbers in the first two weeks
after its unraveling or unveiling I
should say 638 parents who arrived with
658 children were prosecuted so this is
already happening on a wide scale and we
didn't know it but the Trump
administration had already begun
implementing this type of policy in
January of 2017 so this is this is gonna
have a widespread impact not just on the
migrants and and there
families but also on us as Americans
because remember the whole notion of
doing this is we got to save taxpayers
money right we're know this is actually
a very costly thing and and I don't
really care that much about you know
taxes versus what this is doing to
people's lives but if you are supportive
of this because you think it's saving
the government money and taxpayers
resources that is not the case we are
prosecuting them that takes resources we
are detaining them that takes resources
we are imprisoning them that takes
resources so that is you said all of it
it's just it's look it's a money-making
scheme you know it's it's hateful and it
plays into his base but more importantly
this is something that's been supported
by the private prison industry it makes
so much money for these private prisons
that's the reason why their stock prices
shot up as soon as he got elected
because they knew that he would
implement these types of policies yeah
for sure to support and again to appeal
to economics versus the human condition
or what's happened to our earth as well
so to put to prioritize those values is
to completely disconnect from the human
experience as well and even on an
economic case it's not helping two easy
ways folly on Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
