young turks now has audio the TYT audio
network podcasts of some of your
favorite shows and new shows including
one with Nina Turner former Ohio State
Senator she's gonna do we the people
with Nina Turner talking about equality
and justice and seeing that through the
eyes of regular Americans who are
affected by politics and policy
everybody check it out at TYT dot-com /
audio ben Carson is the head of HUD that
is the Housing Administration that is
supposed to help people with affordable
housing but that is not what's happening
in fact he has proposed legislation
which of course has to be passed by
Congress that would actually raise the
rent for individuals living in
government subsidized housing so the
make affordable housing work again act
or work act announced on April 25th
would allow housing authorities to
impose work requirements would increase
the percentage of income poor tenants
are required to pay from 30 percent to
35 percent and would raise the minimum
rent from $50 to $150 per month now
these are the poorest people in the
country and they are very close to
homelessness and if this policy gets
implemented or passed and implemented by
Congress it could actually increase a
homelessness in the United States so in
the nation's 100 largest metropolitan
areas low-income tenants many of whom
have jobs by the way let me emphasize
that many of these people do have jobs
would have to pay roughly 20 percent
more each year for rent under the plan
the rent increase is about six times
greater than the growth in average
hourly earnings so let's talk about that
for a second first of all the the
misleading argument that hey we need to
raise the rent because that'll encourage
these people to work the majority of
these people do work they have jobs in
fact majority of Americans do work
remember
Trump administration loves to brag about
the jobs numbers right oh my god the
unemployment rate is the lowest it's
been in a really long time but they
never dive in they never do a deep dive
into those numbers what are the
qualities of those jobs what are the
wages are these full-time jobs or
part-time jobs are these contractor jobs
or are these temporary jobs luckily I
have some of those numbers for you and
it's actually not as rosy as the
administration and the media would like
you to believe but nonetheless keep in
mind that housing the price of housing
has doubled wages when you compare wages
to housing the cost of housing has
doubled while wages have remained
stagnant right roughly four million low
income households receiving HUD
assistance would be affected by the
proposal HUD estimates that about two
million would be affected immediately
while another two million would see rent
increases phased in after six years Ben
Carson jokingly said he was serious but
this is a joke in my opinion it's our
attempt to give poor people a way out of
poverty yeah that this is not the way to
do it to charge them more for housing
when the jobs that are being created in
this country are absolute crap yeah
that's not a way of lifting them out of
poverty of the eight point three million
people affected by the proposal more
than three million are children nice
family values they're also the numbers
of persons or the number of persons
employed part-time for economic reasons
sometimes referred to as involuntary
part-time workers was essentially
unchanged at 4.5 million in May that's
according to the US Bureau of Labor
Statistics that was the jobs report that
came out last Friday that everyone was
bragging about there are millions of
people who are underemployed in the
country people who want full-time jobs
but can't find full-time jobs and then
when it comes to the jobs that are
created most of them are in retail or in
construction which sometimes does pay
well but they are not often permanent
jobs and they're not often jobs that pay
well so let's do something about the
quality of jobs that are being created
in the country as opposed to attacking
and targeting the most disadvantaged
people what ben Carson is one of those
people you just really can't get your
head around he was raised by a single
mother wasn't it believe you
he was and you know she had to hustle
two jobs to to give him any kind of
chance at life these are working
families as Ana has said and think about
the increase a 20% increase in your rent
I mean all of a sudden and as an
Assessor a lot of these these rent
increases are going to go into effect
immediately I mean that doesn't shock
you into I mean I get it I need to get a
job where I make more money so you know
wave the magic employment wand it's it's
just not out there those these wages
have not kept pace with the cost of
living and so this is remarkable to me
this Ben Carson is in his own way a bull
in a china shop he's someone he's
completely disconnected from the
low-income communities and government
and this is really what governments
about government's not a money-making
enterprise all of a sudden and you have
guys who have succeeded immensely in
business who are trying to privatize
everything and make money on everything
from education to the military to
housing and you can't do that in every
way when it comes to government the
United States of America is not a
money-making operation in every way and
when it comes to low-income housing
that's one of the ways in which we're
willing to take a loss I just want
people to please PLEASE dive into the
numbers I'm begging you I'm begging you
to look into the numbers look the people
the very people who learned for Trump
you're affected by this you're feeling
this okay
they gave massive tax cuts to these
corporations they lured the corporate
tax rate to 21% with the argument that
these corporations will create more jobs
that they'll increase worker pay have
they done any of that they have not they
took the profits from those tax cuts to
buy their own stock and increase the
value of their shares so their
executives can make even more money off
of those tax cuts they did not actually
create more jobs or increase the amount
of money that they're paying their
workers that did not happen
trickle-down economics is a complete and
utter lie by the way in May average
hourly earnings for all employees on
private non-farm payrolls rose by 8
cents for the year average hourly
earnings have increased by
71 cents or 2.7 percent by the way
inflation during that same period of
time was 2% keeping in mind that housing
has doubled in cost no we're suffering
right now and it's not because we're
lazy it's not because we're not working
hard enough it's not because we're not
being productive enough it's because the
system is rigged against us and this
this administration is only helping
their their cronies their corporations
and their buddies and that's it right
right so there are two things that are
happening right now one is the global
elite is on strike so they're finding
any nook and cranny which is mostly
within the pockets of low-income working
poor folks and they've done that in and
also with fines and tickets but they're
doing it with housing now too because
they're they're just looking out for
themselves so that and that's the reason
why we saw predatory loans with the the
recession in 2008 they were going for
low-income folks who did not qualify for
those loans and there's a housing bubble
that is gonna come and who is it in
effect it's gonna affect these folks and
secondly this neurosurgeon who is the
head of this department is put into
place like most of the folks in the rest
of these federal departments like labor
education to actually destroy the
department so with the housing bubble
coming with the raising of these rents
you're gonna see a complete destruction
of this field and this this was this was
the intention of folks that are
currently in office was to get rid of
the federal oversight of these
industries so that corporations can take
take them on and say look the government
destroyed this industry they're not
reliable we're we're we're it's the
private sector that can save you and
they've never saved you two easy ways
folly on Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
