hey guys I'm in Miami I won't be on the
show telling they're gonna do it
regularly at the LA studio of course I'm
here for the 20th anniversary of the
station that Batman was and I worked on
before we started the Young Turks we of
course drove it into the ground
that was so for a great profit
anyways having fun in Miami but I
couldn't help but weigh in on the Rudy
Giuliani attack against stormy Daniels
and and how she couldn't be trusted
because she's a porn star by the way
don't miss the show live I won't I got
the TYT app downloaded at the app store
just type in T YT this shows of course
live every day 6 to 8 p.m. ok so he went
after stormy Daniels saying well what
reputation does he have any way that
could be destroyed she's a porn star she
exploits her body for profit and and and
it's a slimy profession who would make
and he said makes money by exploiting
her body let's talk about the 18
different ways that that is an epic fail
first of all the first lady took naked
pictures for money now do I mind a
Melania Trump posed naked many times to
make money no bless her heart good
pictures nothing wrong with it I respect
the adult film industry respect you
greatly I think maybe Donald Trump does
too that's why he slept with so many
porn stars
oops number 2 did you not think it
through Rudy and think well I'm gonna
attack this person for being slimy who
would be important well who would sleep
with someone important by the way
without a condom
and many different women in the adult
film industry that would be Donald Trump
your client Rudy
now look do I think Melania did the same
thing as someone who stars in adult
films no it's a different level right do
I care no I don't judge either one of
those things so I'm not the one judging
rudy is now
epic fail level number three is
it turns out mika brzezinski has source
inside the White House saying the thing
to Donald Trump is most frustrated by is
that he can't watch porn at the White
House or by the way his sleep with porn
stars in the White House look it's a
funny note of hypocrisy here especially
as Rudy just said what he said on the
other hand does suck I'll give Trump
that one you know you never think about
it that way right
but I don't know if that's a national
security issue I don't know what that is
but apparently he can't watch porn and
he's greatly frustrated by that and
Melania is not at the White House that
often so I hear your brother I don't
think that this was a fruitful line of
attack for Rudy Giuliani and he's
catching a lot of heat as he should
we'll have to see what Melania say about
it anyway one last thing there are some
adult film stars who are conservative
like jenna jameson
you look I kid it around a
tongue-in-cheek tweet about her because
she loves very Shapiro's porn and how
much he hates it into bases society and
he talked about other parts of so-called
liberal media as well but Jenna they
hate you man look at what Rudy said look
at your own hero Shapiro we're not
judging you guys we're perfectly
consistent on this there's nothing wrong
with porn and and I've had a lot of
great people from the industry on the
show Nina Hartley's wonderful she's so
smart you should check out my interview
with her aunty whitey interviews but I
don't know somebody has Jenna what she
thinks about Rudy's comments and her
beloved Trump and all of our
conservative heroes who actually hates
what she
