this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket com following a string of
mass shootings in schools throughout the
country the government decided to come
up with a commission to find solutions
to preventing these shootings in the
future now Betsy DeVos is the education
secretary and she is a part of this
commission and recently she was sharing
with the Senate what this commission is
thinking about doing moving forward and
unfortunately what they're considering
is disastrous let me first tell you that
this commission is made up of Attorney
General Jeff Sessions Health and Human
Services Secretary Alex azar and
Homeland Security Secretary Kristen
Kirsten Neilson pence useless yes pretty
much and you will get a sense of that in
the next video where Davos is speaking
to senator patrick leahy your commission
look at the role of firearms as it
relates to gun violence in our schools
thanks senator for that question and it
is an honor to serve and to lead this
commission that is not part of the
Commission's charged per se
I see so you so you're studying gun
violence but not considering the role of
guns we're actually studying school
safety and how we can ensure our
students are safe and little okay so
this is a commission that is supposed to
respond directly to a string of mass
shootings that are happening throughout
the country on campuses but they will
not address the issue of guns and a
spokesperson for the federal government
for this commission made the argument
that you know gun control really needs
to happen on a congressional at all but
one of the things that they're
considering is arming teachers that is
one of the considerations
of you know responding to these mass
shootings okay so it's okay to bypass
Congress and and make those types of
proposals but you're not able to take
any action when it comes to gun control
then you're useless there's really no
point in having this commission and the
mainstream media says we're supposed to
be neutral to this no that's why we're
Homa progressives okay because we're not
going to sugarcoat it for you that's
preposterous and they do it because of
corruption period end of story
I was on a radio show today and there
was a Democrat who was outraged when I
talked about corruption why do you think
there's is there an epidemic of a pencil
attacks in school she says no no it's
about school safety is there an epidemic
of Eraser crimes in school are people
hitting each other with books so hard
that it's become a problem is that where
no there's an epidemic of people
bringing in guns to school and
massacring students one after another
after another and these guys are go oh
no we're gonna help you
we're gonna help you and trump says it
and all these republicans save and Betsy
their boss oh we're gonna study school
safety but we're gonna look at video
games and not guns yeah so no no that
means you are corrupt you take money
from the NRA and you try to cover up for
their crimes
that's what you do so let's get into
what their proposals are so far okay
let's go to graphic 67 the Commission is
slated to examine rating systems for
video games the consumption of violent
entertainment and the effects of news
media coverage of mass shootings okay so
let's stop right there I mean so
basically they put together a commission
to continue the assault and the attacks
on media that cover the news in a way
that is critical of them and in a way
that they don't like that's what that's
what they're gonna focus on because
that's really gonna keep the students
safe by the way in their first meeting
they actually spoke to students from
parkland Florida what was the point of
that the students were parkland Florida
want gun control if you're just gonna
ignore them why waste their time and
inconvenience them with having a
conversation you obviously don't really
care what they have to say to be fair
Hanna they might have been asking them
well so what did you get shot but I got
shot with a gun oh no we don't want to
hear that
what did you get a shot with maybe they
were looking for one of them to say oh I
got shot by a chalkboard or an eraser or
something along those lines right so
look at how stupid this is they're like
no the problem isn't the school
shootings the problem is that the news
covers of school shootings know exactly
and by the way other countries also have
violent entertainment other countries
also have violent video games first of
all their countries do not have the rate
of mass shootings that we have here in
the United States so go ahead and waste
your time examining entertainment and
and video games it's not gonna solve the
problem it's just gonna waste more of
our resources in helping you find
excuses so you don't have to focus on
something that actually matters
by the way TYT investigates found that
Betsy DeVos has a pretty huge stake in a
company that makes parts for
military-grade guns weapons and I'll get
to the details in that her brothers Eric
Prince who runs a private mercenary army
so they're in the weapons business in
that sense yeah
so unsurprising this she's decided I'm
gonna talk about the relevant issue you
know what violent entertainment the rest
of the world watches ours our movies so
are they going to then come out with a
hearing saying you know what the Clint
Eastwood movies all those Westerners
were Clinic sort of shooting everybody
that's the violent entertainment that's
causing this no my guess is they're
gonna come out and say it's the rap it's
the gangster rap that's causing this
because that day's did it before I'm
guessing that based on history that's
like how do we find a way to blame black
people
oh they're disgusting so does Japan and
Europe also have video games I'm pretty
sure they do right so jeanne shaheen a
governor from I'm sorry senator from New
Hampshire made a great point said the
group of seven that's the other advanced
countries economically advanced Canada
Europe France Germany etc we are rate of
school shootings is 57 times their rate
so they all have violent
video games they all have violent movies
okay in in we had 288 American school
shootings in the same time they had two
in Canada - in France one in Germany
zero in Japan zero in Italy and zero in
Britain the difference is not video
games
it's the guns those countries have very
strict gun control in fact the ones that
have the strictest are Japan and Britain
where they don't have any school
shootings whereas we had 288 in the same
period of time these Republicans are
liars they lie on purpose and then your
mainstream media lies to you and says
well they do have an honest disagreement
well you know they have a principled no
honest there is no honesty here it's
just corruption they're all making money
from guns so there this is total 1984 no
look away from the guns it's everything
but the guns to easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
