this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every year is an
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm Donald Trump has
granted clemency to Alice Marie Johnson
she is a woman who has spent decades
behind bars as well and was sentenced to
life in prison without the possibility
of parole
due to her involvement in a drug
trafficking ring now she never possessed
drugs she was convicted of conspiracy to
possess cocaine and she also played a
role in communicating between
individuals in this drug ring and as a
result she was sentenced to life in
prison without the possibility of parole
she had no prior record and she has been
incredibly remorseful since this crime
was convicted committed and she says
that she did it because she was in
desperate situation she had lost her job
she had lost her son she had just
divorced and she had no money to take
care of her kids and she felt that she
had no other choice at the time now
Trump has granted her clemency which is
great news and this is following a
meeting that he had with Kim Kardashian
in the Oval Office just last week she
has specifically been fighting to pardon
Alice Marie Johnson she did not get a
full pardon
so clemency means that you know her
sentence is commuted but this crime is
still on her record now here's what the
White House said in a statement
miss Johnson has accepted responsibility
for her past behavior and has been a
model prisoner over the past two decades
while this administration will always be
tough on crime it believes that those
who have paid their debt to society and
worked hard to better themselves while
in prison deserve a second chance so
some are pointing out that he likes to
give pardons based on celebrities
beseeching him like Sylvester Stallone
in the case of Jack Johnson and Kim
Kardashian in this case don't care I
don't care who's doing it I don't if
it's the right
you do I don't care why he's doing it so
we should celebrate the partner of Lewis
Marie Johnson first time fence life in
prison man this system is brutal
and by the way Obama did not pardon her
and so I'm gonna get the more credit to
Donald Trump in a second
now do I know that it's because he's
trying to set a precedent for pardons
he's got apparently dozens lined up now
so that when he pardons his own guys it
doesn't seem as outrageous yeah I I
follow politics okay I and I have logic
so of course that's why he's doing it so
do I care about that yes does that mean
he shouldn't have pardoned at least
Marie Johnson no no that doesn't mean
that he did a good thing here credit
where credit is due one of our viewers
predicted I would say that and I did
during the live show and now the other
thing is they say well hypocrisy because
he said some drug dealers should get a
death sentence but here he is pardoning
someone because Kim Kardashian asked
them to don't care yeah yeah I I
completely agree with you there aren't
very moments during the Trump era where
good things happen it's very rare that I
get a news alert on my phone I look down
and I think oh thank god I've never
happened so I I know we all know that
his reasons might be disingenuous we all
know that he gets influenced inspired
motivated by all the wrong reasons but I
don't care in this case she deserved she
deserved that sentence to be commuted
and I'm so incredibly happy that this
happened and I'm so proud of Kim
Kardashian for doing this look I don't
care what her past is we all have things
in our past that we hate I have been
critical of her past okay but with that
said what she's doing now is so great
and so important and she had been
communicating quite a bit with Jared
Kushner about this issue because he
wants to champion prison reform which
credit where credit is due if we get
more good news including stories like
this then I'm all for it and
you are allowed to judge things
case-by-case you ain't allowed to say
hey Krishna is bad on ninety-nine other
things but he's good on this and hey
some of other partners I don't agree
with
so the pardons that he did of his
political allies Dinesh D'Souza Joe
Arpaio scooter libby were so out of left
field they didn't go through any of the
regular pardon process so the pardon
office is like what what
but it's funnier than that they called
they didn't even call scooter Libby's a
attorney scooter Libby's attorney saw on
TV that his client had been pardoned and
he's like what it's like they didn't
even tell me that they parked my clients
the family and friends could relieve her
like what you got pardon I didn't know
that you know it's kind of incredible
okay so we all know the real reason the
main reason the primary reason why Trump
is issuing all these pardons right but I
have a I have a speculation that I want
to share with you so usually these these
pardons happen through the Justice
Department of course the president as
was the case with Trump can issue
pardons or commute sentences without
involving the Justice Department
Department he could do it by himself
on his own and that's what he did here
the Justice Department isn't especially
with Jeff Sessions involved they are not
very friendly to inmates or people who
have been convicted of crimes they
usually do not offer pardons in this
volume so I'm wondering if part of it a
little underlying factor could also be
his disdain for Jeff Sessions I don't
know yeah I like the theory it's fun but
I just don't think that Trump bothers to
give anything a second thought
so that would involve two layers of
thought and he's probably like
Kardashian ask me to do we took a nice
picture it was a beautiful strong
picture in the White House and
apparently in the meeting he told her
you and Kanye are helping me with the
black people so not the black people let
me be fair with black voters okay hey
with black voters so you're doing a
great job sure what do you need - pardon
okay so the sessions thing is like two
layers deep but I will tell you this
this is the very rare good
anti-establishment thing that Trump does
because this sounds John Kelly's chief
of staff
like it no doesn't want it what why do
you think Obama didn't partner because
everybody would have yelled at him in
the establishment now remember we're
tough on crime and you look weak on
crying and she was involved at a
multi-million dollar drug ring and
involved cocaine it's so scary all right
so don't do it Obama don't do anything
okay I didn't do it and any old
Republican president Pence or anybody
else they wouldn't have done it they
would sort of listen to the same
establishment guys so yes nine out of
ten times he's a knucklehead and that
winds up hurting us because he doesn't
think things through
in this one case he's against the
establishment in that way wonderful
terrific now I do want to clarify one
last thing about a bad pardon he did
Dinesh D'Souza who's going around on TV
both making an ass of himself but at the
same time like doing a dance like yeah I
told you I didn't do it no actually you
told us you did do it that's why you
pled guilty so I want to clarify that
and this is from the Office of the
pardon attorney in the Justice
Department a quote a presidential pardon
is ordinarily a sign of forgiveness a
pardon is not a sign of vindication and
does not connote or establish innocence
in fact it's the opposite you have to
say your I did it I'm so sorry but I
served my time which is what exactly
what at least Marie Johnson did she did
it exactly right and got the pardon that
or at least community or acceptance that
she deserved D'Souza is going around go
no didn't do it that's why I got
pardoned unsurprising that he doesn't
understand how a pardon works or what it
means and of course need of those Trump
so score one for Trump on John the jaws
important and will judge the rest case
by case yes
