earlier this week on Tuesday nikki Haley
Donald Trump's ambassador to the United
Nations resigned abruptly leaving people
wondering just what the heck actually
happened here nikki Haley wasn't the
target of any major investigation she
had remained relatively scandal free
throughout her entire tenure and even
though she disagreed with the president
quite often they were still pretty much
on the same page most of the time so it
was a bit of a shock when nikki Haley
just suddenly decided to resign and as
we mentioned at the time give it a
couple days and the truth will come out
and we'll find out why she actually
resigned and we now have that
information as it turns out on Monday of
this week the day before nikki Haley
resigned the group Citizens for
responsibility and ethics in Washington
Cru filed a complaint against nikki
Haley alleging that she had been the
recipient of multiple gifts from major
Republican donors that she actually did
disclose on our financial forms but that
were also highly illegal here's what
happened according to the CRU complaint
nikki Haley is listed 7 different gifts
on her financial forms in the form of
private jet flights back to her home in
the Carolinas now the people operating
and paying for these flights just
happened to be major donors of Nikki
Haley's former gubernatorial campaign so
while she claims that these were gifts
from her friends the truth is these were
major Republican donors trying to buy
some influence with nikki Haley and that
is why this is a problem and this is
most likely why this woman had to resign
her post what strikes me as odd about
this is not the fact that nikki Haley
was doing some dirty dealing under the
table that was 100% expected what
strikes me as surprising is the fact
that there's nobody past present and
most likely future within the Trump
administration that can't just keep
themselves out of
trouble I mean hell at least you know
even we will look back at the corruption
of the Bush administration at least
there were a few people in there as evil
as they were they were still playing by
the rules at points here in the Trump
administration there is nobody you can
point to to say that nope this person
has not broken a rule they haven't had
any ethics violations they're not
currently under investigation in all the
department heads that he's appointed all
the agency heads that he's appointed
everyone associated with this
administration has been proven to be
corrupt as hell and to be honest that
speaks a lot to Donald Trump doesn't it
because we're a judged by the company we
keep and when you look at all the agency
and department heads that are under
Investigations or having to resign
because of scandals and then you look at
all of his personal friends his buddies
his former campaign manager you got man
afford gates Flynn Cohen all those guys
going down all have the people he's
appointed going down doesn't that kind
of paint a portrait of a guy who himself
is most likely doing some dirty deeds
otherwise this is one hell of a
coincidence and Donald Trump just
happens to be the worst judge of
character in the history of humanity my
guess is that Trump is obviously just as
corrupt as all of these people he
surrounded himself with it's just that
the hammer has not come down on him yet
