a police feeding in Mesa Arizona is
getting a lot of attention and it has to
do with a man named Robert Johnson who
was not suspected of a crime he was not
reported to authorities he just happened
to be in the apartment complex with his
friend who was involved in a potential
domestic dispute now I'm gonna give you
the details of that in just a second but
the video you're about to watch is
graphic difficult to to even look at but
with that said take a look at how
multiple police officers responded to a
man who did nothing wrong okay so they
punch him in the face 14 times and
you'll see him go unconscious
Jesus Christ man he's not the suspect
he's not alleged to have done anything
wrong so a woman had called 911 that her
ex-boyfriend was trying to break into
her apartment that was a 20 year old man
named Eric Reyes and so cops arrived
they see Eric Reyes and Robert Johnson
Robert Johnson is the friend he's not
involved in any of this at all and at
that point they had told him to comply
his lawyer says Robert Johnson was
sitting peacefully against a wall when
the assault began he was leaning against
the wall he did not resist the
misconduct of these officers should have
should would have gone unnoticed if it
had not been captured by surveillance
videos at the apartment complex where
the assault occurred so that
surveillance was given to the police
chief police chief looks at it and says
okay this is problematic four cops have
been suspended with pay pending an
investigation
keep in mind that John Robert Johnson is
suffering from severe injuries his
lawyer says he's doing terribly he did
not deserve the beating he took from
many officers Mesa police have a culture
of hurting and shooting and killing
people and this is just another incident
that shows how badly this department
needs to be cleaned up now some of you
might say well that's Johnson's attorney
of course he's gonna say those things
but we actually have evidence of the
pattern of police brutality in this
specific Police Department there's a
case involving an 84 year old
grandmother who was severely injured
because of the cops using excessive
force there's another story involving
Daniel shaver if you can recall he was a
man who was traveling from out of town
he was in Mesa California Mesa Arizona
and a police officer shot him and killed
him in the hallway of a hotel we have
those videos we're gonna show it to you
in just a second but this is a serious
problem within this department and the
brutality that you saw in that video is
outrageous and if nothing gets done
after that I mean there's really no hope
well when it comes to stories like these
so when I see a story like this I try to
figure out what
so why did the cops pummel him
and so they explained the day they
wanted him to move away from the railing
he did they wanted to stand by the wall
behind him he did and then they told him
to sit down the description of this of
the video and the story was that he was
on his phone and I thought maybe the
cops panicked they thought he was
recording them and so they hate being
recorded and maybe that's why they did
this right but looking at the video you
don't get that sense it seems like he
complied with 89% of the orders but
maybe he was a little slow and sitting
down okay so they're like wait a minute
are you disrespecting a police officer I
give you a warning and I was trained
that if I give you an order and you
don't follow it immediately my job is to
use incredible force against you so I'm
glad the police chief is saying that
he's concerned about it and they're on
administrative leave but historically in
Mesa and unfortunately in far too many
places in America they're not at all
concerned about it that's what they
taught him to do the only reason we're
seeing it now is because of the video
surveillance so if we didn't have those
cameras everywhere guys this has been
happening to some people in the country
for a long long time you just didn't see
cuz you're not among those being no but
here's here's what those people who make
excuses for the cops need to understand
this is not just about race this is not
just about police using excessive force
toward a specific community first of all
if that were the case
everyone should be outraged but I
understand that we live in a country
where some portion of Americans don't
care if it only impacts black people I
get that but this is also impacted white
people in the community including an 84
year old grandmother who had recently
suffered a stroke so let's go to that
story so apparently a woman had called
the cops because her son was posing a
threat she said that he was outside the
home and she believed that he had a
weapon but she Oh she warned the 911
operator look my mother is old she just
suffered a stroke she's already very
stressed out please keep that in mind
when the police arrive and guess what
the police did when
arrived they decided to violently beat
her and handcuffed her and by the way
they did not release the video until the
family released photos of her injuries
so I want to show you the photos of her
injuries before we go to the video this
is an 84 year old woman who died 84 year
old woman who had just suffered a stroke
there's more photos let's go to 53 and
54 so later the cops agreed to release
video of her arrest and for some reason
they blurred it but you can still get a
sense of how they treated her take a
look
here's a unifying theme if you got power
you're never gonna be treated that way
you don't have power god help you man in
this country you know it's just because
the election just happened it's top of
mind for me it's Senator Dianne
Feinstein is 84
that woman was 84 you think they're
gonna do that to a senator no way no way
but you got no power
you just had a stroke the Mesa Police
Department says in that video is an
appointed out while we were watching it
they say we're here to help you does it
look like they're here to help you and I
do want to bring up the case of Daniel
shaver who is dead
because of the Mesa Police Department he
was traveling to Mesa from out of town
he works for an exterminator company and
he had a pellet gun that he used to kill
birds I guess as part of his job and so
he was in his hotel room and apparently
other hotel patrons saw him with the
pellet gun inside his room and so they
called the cops cops show up and what
you're about to see is very graphic
difficult to watch but here's how they
handled it and I want you to keep close
attention to shaver's behavior where his
hands are and how he did not pose a
threat at all before we go to the video
can i one more piece of important
context what was reported into the cops
was something that resembled a rifle
okay it turns out it was a pellet gun
but does it look like he's got a rifle
on him and does it look like they're
training the cops in Mesa right
extremely graphic yes this is one of the
toughest videos to watch but this is
what cops are doing we got to show you
so we can fix it and have them protect
and serve but for the moment being this
is what's happening
apparently we have failure for you to
comprehend simple instructions I'm going
to go over some of them again
okay can you both hear and understanding
yeah all right
if you make a mistake another mistake
there's a very severe possibility you're
going both gonna get shot do you
understand yes yes all right what this
is shut up I'm not here to be tactful
diplomatic with you you listen you obey
for one things I tell you to move young
man they tell you which boats are he is
put both our hands on the top of your
head and interlace your fingers take
your feet and cross your left foot over
your right foot yes
you move we're going to consider that a
threat and we are going to deal with it
and you may not survive do you
understand me
okay young man listen to my instructions
and do not make a mistake you are to
keep your legs crossed do you understand
me you are to put both of your hands
palm down straight out in front of you
push yourself up to a kneeling position
shooting you understand hand straight up
in the air do not put your hands down
for any reason you think you're gonna
fall you're gonna fall on your face your
hands for making too small your bag or
duck we are going to shoot you you
understand me yes crawl towards me
Jesus Christ man you think we don't need
police reform in this country what is
wrong with you if you again whether it's
race or not race look at those two is
two people were white its power versus
the powerless and one thing he said
they're stuck out to me he said you
listen you obey for God's sake
conservatives you should be on our side
here you're worried about big government
power I mean does it get any more big
government power than that you listen
you obey to the government and play this
insane murderous Simon Says game and
then he was trying to do everything
right and they mowed him down you're
telling mesa police department doesn't
have problems you're telling me that
they didn't get trained to brutalize the
citizens no there's no coincidence that
large that everyone after another after
another they continue to brutalize the
people they're supposed to serve it
needs absolute whole-scale reform by the
way the one of the good things Obama did
was he was trying to do reform of police
departments that were notorious like
Mesa now Jeff Sessions and Donald Trump
have come in they stopped all reform and
said no keep going grand jury decided
not to charge the cop who shot Daniel
shaver so two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
