this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every year is an
election year and with down ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down ticket calm the wife of George
papadopolis one of the individuals who
has pleaded guilty in the Special
Counsel investigation into Russian
meddling is now doing a new round of
interviews claiming that statements that
she made about Trump in the past were
misinterpreted and she's really hoping
that Trump offers a pardon to george
papadapolis after he gets his sentence
for his wrongdoings now first I want to
remind you of what she initially said
about Papadopoulos and specifically
about Trump take a look will the
president be happy with the story George
tells I I don't I mean I think it's
right to dismiss George as a coffee boy
so I'm sure not to be happy from me what
you know about his story well what do
you think the title of them that story
is the ones of spoil is premier but I
think he has being a sort of the first
domino in the Russian game so she kind
of makes it clear there that
Papadopoulos has some dirt and it could
be the first domino in this Russia gate
situation and so she was not friendly or
kind toward the Trump administration or
Trump specifically but now she has
changed her tune because she sees that
Trump is pardoning all sorts of people
so what is she saying now there are a
lot of misunderstanding about the
situation about his role I used to say
that his role is very important I used
to compare him to John Dean I never
meant
to make this comparison in the sense
that would lead to the president
pitchman do you think that your
husband's going to prison I honestly I
know a much dedicated and committed was
in the Trump campaign I know I did an
excellent job I know is my series of
because of this incident is freedom is
challenged and so I trust in the hope
and asked to President Trump to pardon
him I hope you will okay again earlier
she compared Papadopoulos to John Dean
referring to the former White House
Counsel who became a key witness in the
Watergate scandal and took down Nixon
well I did not mean to do that what I
meant to do instead is say mr. Trump
please please pardon us I see you're
pardoning everybody so why not us so
shocking that the Trump campaign
official and his wife did not clearly
think out their strategy and have
decided to publicly contradict
themselves making them the 118th person
in a row from the Trump administration
or campaign to contradict themselves on
national television yeah I mean at least
she's doing it for I mean I'm not gonna
say she's doing it for a good reason but
I think it's smart to contradict
yourself in this case mm-hmm right I
mean I would if I was on record saying
the things that she said about
Papadopoulos and Trump and then I see
all these pardons being handed out yeah
if I wanted my husband freed that's what
I would do so two important things that
I got out of that one is that it might
be that they were looking for a certain
deal from Muller and maybe avoid prison
time etcetera for giving up information
about Trump or someone else in the
campaign and they didn't get the deal
they were looking for so they went from
oh yeah we can give you a lot on Trump
publicly they don't get the deal they
want from the prosecutor then they go
back on TV go yeah we didn't mean that
we meant a party Trump we're on your
side pardon pardon right right and it'll
work because he might be getting more of
a sentence than he realized
right and then the second thing that
changed obviously is exactly what you're
saying ana he's throwing out pardons
like the Oprah handing out cars or
or banks handing out Vaseline it was
bedazzled Vaseline to be fair to be fair
okay so you get a part you get a part
you get a pardon so he's like
Papadopoulos over here what do you think
can we do that so and that's exactly why
Trump was doing the pardons exactly and
so obviously now Papadopoulos has
clammed up and looking for the pardon
just like Trump wanted him to
