the Marion County Police Department is
responding to criticisms following the
treatment of a 28 year old homeless man
this is an organ and apparently 28 year
old kevin straw was arrested after
entering a command post and what they
claimed disturbing a rescue operation
now the rescue operation had to do with
two individuals who had gone missing
after a fishing trip it was Josh Cox and
Corbin Cox but 28 year old Kevin straw
is known for being a homeless man who
has mental health issues in fact he's
known for going around town yelling
about Cougars and how you need to watch
out for the Cougars and how you need to
watch out for special military our
military Special Forces now here's how
authorities responded to him after he
apparently was warning them about
Cougars
put your hand behind your back hands
behind hell yeah please stop
hey hey hey and not resisting
No stop I'm not I'm not touching it so
the sheriff's deputy his name's Ethan
Griffith said that he is a transient and
was making loud noises and refused to
leave which by the way indicates that he
probably has a mental health issue and
responding to a person with a mental
health issue that way is uncalled for
at the very least by the way I'm being
generous in describing it that way
so let's reverse the situation let's say
that the cops were being a lot which
happens all the time and and a citizen
came up and decided to just start
punching a cop in the face pinned him
down put his knee on there
keep punching him in the face and then
they asked are you insane what are you
doing to the cop and he said no he was
being loud
now how much prison time does that guy
get is it a year is it five years is it
ten years that's a pretty serious
assault if you did it to a cop you would
be in a world of trouble cop does it to
you for something like what transient
what does that mean that means you were
hanging out in public and you were loud
I mean I know in Florida they kill the
guy for playing music loud in his own
home right the cops did but so this is
are we okay with this I'm just asking
you guys if your own portion of the
country yeah yeah I mean so I know
progressives generally not generally
almost completely not okay with it I
would imagine most independents not okay
with it but the right-wing are you okay
with it is that like you look at that
and go well hey man that person who
might have mental health issue has
mental health issues has mental health
issues well sure he shouldn't have had
mental health okay you shouldn't have
been loud so all those people who want
to talk about the importance of funding
mental health care when there's a mass
shooting where are they where are all
those people today
nowhere to be found right they don't
care about mental health issues they
don't care about people who are
suffering from mental health issues and
don't have the resources to get help
they love using that as an excuse or
scapegoat so they never have to talk
about gun control right but in this case
they're nowhere to be found they don't
care about mental health care at all
they're totally okay with police
brutalizing a homeless man who has a
clear
mental health issue so it might be that
he was not putting his hands behind his
back because of that or it might be
because he was putting his hands behind
his back in it for a little while he
doesn't you know why cuz you're punching
him in the face so what is a natural
human reaction when someone's punching
you in the face cover up your face right
so as he's punching you in the face is
there any human that reacts by not doing
this but doing this oh you're punching
me in the face yeah great alright I know
I know the right wing we are
authoritarian you must follow the
commands of the government officials you
obey right the ones who want small
government who and who by the way make
the argument that they need to arm
themselves with all sorts of
military-grade weaponry because they
want to make sure to fight back against
the tyrannical government that is all bs
it's all bs they love big government
they love authoritarianism they love the
police state they've been supporting it
and pushing for it for decades now and
this is the result of it and and do they
actually want the cops to be safe no
they're actually in favor of legislation
that would have armor-piercing bullets
that would legalize it that would
legalize it and so they don't mind if
you actually shoot cops because the cops
are the only ones wearing armor right
the if you shoot the cops to kill to get
past their armor that's okay but if
they're brutalizing a guy with mental
health issues that's fine
that's that's the situation where you
say cops are awesome wonderful cops okay
but if they're impinging on my rights or
what I perceive to be rights I get to
kill them in murderer that makes no
sense that makes no sense
how about this how about we have comps
who protect and serve the citizens pay
them and then we protect the cops we
don't we don't allow for silencers or
armor-piercing bullets and then we have
a relationship where we pay them to
protect us and and then we appreciate
that and then it's it works like kind of
how it's supposed to in a democracy but
instead we have this
incredibly dysfunctional broken system
and a huge percentage of the country
applauds - easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
