this is 33 year-old Robert Johnson he's
unarmed he's nonviolent he's on a cell
phone making a call as these four
officers repeatedly harassing and these
officers are from the Mesa Police
Department they're here on domestic
disturbance call they frisked Johnson
then they tell him to move over to the
wall he complies but things take a grim
turn when he gets off the phone now this
video looks like totally unprovoked
attempted manslaughter to you oh that's
because it is that's exactly what
happened and how did Mesa Police
Department react to the surfacing of
this video predictably Mesa police say
he was arguing and refused to sit down
when they told him to and then they
proceeded it with the four officers on
paid leave now let me tell you something
these people are cowards
they're not here to serve they're not
here to protect these subhuman mistakes
are here to enact vengeance on society
because of their personal inferiority
complex by abusing the trust given to
them by those who pay their salary
there's no fear here it's just pure
hatred it's pure anger and this is why
we criticize police brutality not purely
from a racial standpoint race is just
the component that compounds the
likelihood of someone becoming a victim
after all this is the same department
that Phillips Brailsford was an officer
at when he executed Daniel shaver an
innocent unarmed white man begging for
his life on his hands and knees
Philip was acquitted and was fired from
Mesa Police Department but not for
cold-blooded murder he was fired for
departmental misconduct for
unsatisfactory performance what happened
did he not be suspects hard enough was
he too easy on him do you want to know
why people hate cops this is the
textbook definition of why one cops
start harassing a person they deem a
suspect who they wait till he's off the
phone to beat the doors off of him three
and this is the most important part not
a single one of the other good cops try
to stop the bad cop from pummeling the
victims skull even after he is clearly
unconscious for the other cops actually
end up hog-tying the victim further
treating him as less than human five
they eventually arrest the victim for
suspicion of disorderly conduct and
hindering and finally six these cops get
paid leave they most likely won't be
fired and even if they are fired they
will end up getting a job at another
Police Department and the cycle of
violence will continue and there are
examples of this Deonte arbors murderer
who unloaded 30 bullets into him in a
Walmart parking lot was fired from a
previous precinct for blatant racism
this flagrant lack of respect for human
lives is what puts police
lives at risk this lack of
accountability is why people hate cops
this violence that affects all Americans
black and white is why people hate cops
it's not the people who take a brave
stance against this brutality and have
the courage to ask for accountability
that are causing this problem it's those
who perpetrate this violence and others
who allow these cruel acts to continue
who truly put police officers lives at
risk getting angry at black athletes
kneeling when they're kneeling for you
is no different than getting mad at the
doctor who tells you of cancer you have
to acknowledge and understand a problem
before you can fix it because I think we
can all agree that it's better to kneel
during the national anthem and have a
300 pound cop kneel on your windpipe
during a routine traffic stop I'm a
psalm piker if you're sick and tired of
this hypocrisy please share this video
with your friends please don't forget to
leave your thoughts in the comment
section below and join TYT membership
for more videos like this follow my
Instagram and Sandeep Iker at my twitter
too sama Haan and this has been the
breakdown
