so last night there was eight different
primaries including the state of
California huge states voting here and
lots of progressives in those races and
some of them were definitely losses
obviously I was backing Alison Hartson
in the Senate race in California she did
not win and then you had a lot of good
just Democrats who lost like Rosa
Calderon Doug Applegate and the list
goes on and and and yes we had losses in
a bunch of different states Iowa Montana
California New Jersey etc but I want to
make sure that you guys know about the
victories as well and not just for just
Democrats but for all the different
parts of the progressive movement and I
really want to applaud some of the other
groups that did wonderful work in these
races and these are really important
victories in in races where there was a
lot of attention paid to progressives
versus establishment Democrats so first
let's go to the 45th district in
California where we had Katie Porter who
was backed by senator Elizabeth Warren I
guess David min so I'm going to tell you
all about that race the incumbent there
is representative Nene Walters and they
were vying to take her on in California
the top two no matter which party
advanced to the general election so Mimi
Walters being the incumbent advanced the
question was it wasn't gonna be Katey
Porter the progressive or David men more
establishment Democrat who advanced so
first let me go to the intercept here
David Day and Orion Grimm writing yet
another great article about this they
explained that men a former Senator
Chuck Schumer staffer Center for
American Progress fellow an assistant
professor at Porter school UC Irvine had
the backing of the state's party and the
New Democrats that's a Wall Street
friendly bloc that supplied 27 of the 33
House Democratic votes in favor of the
recent bank deregulation bill so these
guys who are pro bankers and pro donors
backing David men so did he win well as
you can tell obviously we're celebrating
he did not Katey Porter the progressive
hero won
so the grim and a and explained further
men meanwhile was hesitant to embrace a
medicare-for-all and ran a slashing race
attacking Porter's credentials
ran on battling big banks expanding
Social Security reversing the Trump tax
cuts and establishing Medicare for all
and she won those are all very
progressive positions and got her a
solid victory and she moves forward to
the general election and obviously here
at the Young Turks look this is the home
of progressives we cover all these
progressive issues for you would cover
the primaries every time live toi t.com
slash live or get our app by entering t
whitey in the App Store or become a
member and you get all this coverage at
TYT calm slash join so we did tell you
about some of these races last night or
a lot of these races and I want to tell
you about more of them here that they
highlighted so they explain about how
Katie Porter one and the intercept does
a wonderful job of covering this as well
they explained she did it with the aid
of Emily's list but also from a couple
of progressive groups that made this a
threshold race the Marvin C for America
and the progressive change campaign
committee they both targeted the seat as
a signature skirmish in the battle for
what it means to be a Democrat in this
country and they labeled it as such so
this is not Monday Morning Quarterback
they said we'll get to find out who's
better progressives here or the
establishment and that's how Porter put
it as well so DFA democracy for America
made forty three thousand calls into the
district and both since that first to
knock on some of the one hundred
thousand doors the campaign hit and we
talked to Carr Eastman who won as a just
Democrat in Nebraska in an upset victory
a couple of weeks ago we talked to her
last night she said the same thing her
volunteer is knocked on sixty thousand
doors in her district so you're
beginning to see that the key to victory
is getting out there and actually
meeting the voters and knocking on doors
and it even beats a ton of spending that
comes in on television advertising from
the establishment so here was good to
have some allies and and Adam green
talked about the win from p triple c and
how it was a win for the warren wing but
to me more important than that win for
progressives and for grassroots
organizing giant win now let's go to
another race that we heavily featured on
The Young Turks
New Democrats suffered another defeat in
a race that pitted the two camps of the
party against each other is San Diego's
50th district a mark Kompany jar who ran
as a progressive with the banging of the
Justice Democrats
p triple c and democracy for america
beat Josh Buettner endorsed by the New
Democrats and backed by the wall street
friendly representative Joe Crowley the
chair of the House Democratic caucus
Crowley's got his own primary against
Alexander Casa Cortez that's coming up
in a couple of weeks in New York but
Crowley and the wall street guys of
course backed Buettner even though he
was running in fifth place but they
poured a ton of money in but a more
confident jar had 700 volunteers same
thing wrasse roots energy winds up
beating a huge money from the Wall
Street corporate Democrats so now let me
go on to a third example there's another
race that we featured heavily this was
New Mexico's first District and they
explained at the intercept that that
district had deb holland antonio cydia
lopez and the prosecutor Damon Martinez
squared on squaring off Sedillo Lopez a
civil rights attorney had the backing of
some national progressive groups such as
justice Democrats and the Working
Families Party as well as Latino victory
which spent heavily on her martinez
meanwhile got a big boost of spending
from the super PAC tied to No Labels
that is another corporate Democrat group
but Hollen who's poised to become the
first Native American member of Congress
and hath and had the support of the
Congressional Black Caucus packet an
environmental group 350.org
beat both of them so that's another
great case of two different progressives
in the race against the corporate
Democrat the corporate Democrat with
more money defeated by a actual
progressive Deb Holland she is very
likely to win that race in the general
election so she is very very likely to
be the first Native American woman in
Congress what I care about more that's a
great thing but what I care about more
is policy and she is deeply deeply
progressive so I like to just Democrats
and working families party we're working
together and Sedillo Lopez was a
wonderful
candidate who I interviewed on our show
rebel headquarters but another
progressive winning is very good news
so the key there was to make sure that
Martinez did not win and he didn't so
the corporate Democrat loses again now
intercept points out a more local race
that we did not cover that I thought was
also really interesting and at the end
I'm gonna tell you about rank-choice
voting and what a difference it made for
progressives in San Francisco so first
one more example here in northern New
Mexico the Working Families Party top
recruit for the night Susan Herrera
pulled off a landslide upset and a state
legislative race that the local press
called the end of a political era
Working Families Party spent more than
$60,000 on the race and she knocked off
a 25 year incumbent representative
Debbie rodella in an area that a solidly
Democratic but thought to be socially
conservative so beating a 25 year
incoming it ain't no small thing another
lesson learned there is in local races
progressives can have the financial
advantage because $60,000 in a local
race like that is a lot of money but if
you pool your resources together as
working families party did their you
wind up getting a landslide election
victory wolf pack that you're fighting
to get money out of politics is a
nonpartisan group but they also spend in
local races and and trust me that that
works and it sends a message to a lot of
the other politicians on an issue that
everybody cares about now speaking of
voting though and free and fair
elections that brings us to the final
story which might be actually the most
interesting of all I mean these
progressive victories against in highly
feature races against establishment
Democrats is wonderful but how you vote
is a huge part of the process and and
part of the problem unfortunately in
this country well in San Francisco for
the mayor's race they have rank-choice
voting so let's see how that turned out
the establishment was also dealt a blow
in San Francisco the intercept explains
where business-friendly candidate London
breed came out on top in the first round
of voting oh well that sounds like bad
news but hold the city uses a rank
choice system
in which voters rank candidates on their
ballot instead of voting for just one if
no one gets the majority of votes in the
first round the next preference votes
are counted until I Kennedy gets the
most of the votes the left had split its
votes between mark Leno and Jane Kim I
had interviewed Jane Kim and she talked
about how they were working together in
this unique system now that gave breed a
lead with 36 percent to Leno's 26 in
Kim's 21.5%
and the first tally without ranked
choice voting that would have been the
end of it and breed would have been
declared the victor and then hence the
establishment would have won that race
but that's not how ranked choice voting
works so but with rank choice votes they
explain the bulk of Kim's support
shifted to Leno putting him on top now
Kim talked to us about that when I had
her on the show and said Martha and Jane
Kim working together and actually
cooperating in the middle of the race
not after the race in the middle of the
race saying hey if you like him best put
him at one put me at two if you like me
best put me at one put him at two and
guess what that totally worked
so the progressive candidate because of
rank choice voting came out on top is it
an amazing when democracy works and
functions as it should to give the the
voters what they actually want and to
represent the will of the voters in a
system that works we can have that
democracy we got to work towards it and
sometimes we got to fight towards it so
I love that San Francisco has that
system I love that all these different
progressive groups working on different
campaigns push forward and got these
amazing progressive victories and and by
the way they didn't talk about in the
intercept but I should also mention
Audrey Denny won her race is a just
Democrat in the California's first
District meaning that she would go on to
the runoff against the Republican
incumbent so progressive victories for
all the groups involved so look at our
job is to cover all the news for you
guys so there were losses and there were
victories for these new groups though it
is amazing what they're able to
accomplish in a short period of time and
the number of victories that they have
put up on the board
two easy ways to follow Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
