Prime Minister of Canada Justin Trudeau
had a testy exchange with Donald Trump
and now remember Donald Trump put
tariffs on Canada along with our allies
in Europe and in Mexico and they were
apparently discussing or debating that
and Trudeau said you know how could you
call us a national security concern that
was the excuse that Trump used to put
the tariffs on and Trump apparently said
didn't you guys burned down the White
House so Josh Fox was on the show last
week he was director of Gasland
and he was joking around about how Trump
has turned the whole country into one
giant South Park movie so and here we
are
Trump continuing that theme by almost
singing blame Canada so of course if you
don't know you should we all studied it
at some point in school the Canadians
did not burn down the White House that
was the British in the war of 1812
now of course you've got the usual
conservatives jumping up and down go
just joking he was joking he knew that
he knew that he knew that he was just
joking mmm sure whatever gets you
through the night and then of course
people pointing out that the British
attacked us in retaliation for us
attacking York Ontario that is true
Ontario at the time was not Canada it
was a British territory Canada did not
even exist Canada did not exist until
over 50 years later oh did you guys burn
down the White House you Canadians could
you imagine Obama even joking around
like that with a Canadian Prime Minister
this good another White House that's why
I gave you the dams I like that now huh
my god what the conservatives would have
done anyway we're used to it
unfortunately we have a total doofus for
a president did he study any history at
all when he was in school did he study
anything in school or otherwise did the
history books include his name if they
didn't he didn't study it were they in
tweet form if they weren't he
didn't study it so unsurprising that he
thought Canada had started or with
America God helped both of our countries
two easy ways folly young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
