hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more of
jimmy and of course me check out this
next clip and if you like what you see
you can access full episodes of
aggressive progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now
welcome to aggressive progressives I am
your fill-in host malcolm fletcher jimmy
dore is not here I'm terribly sorry he's
still in Italy still on location still
on he's reporting but it's not really
reporting back from Italy he's he's
sending tweets back of himself
various restaurants and all the food
he's eating but I'm excited to be guest
hosting today I have a great panel with
me as you know steve-o making a rare
appearance on the show that bears his
name
I'm only here with Jimmy's here but much
much much more exciting was that only
three much more much much much much more
exciting Abby Martin and Mike Preiser
back for return engagement and I'm super
excited to have you guys joining us
thank you so much for coming Steve thank
you for rolling out of bed and making it
over here
Jimmy is this is last week in Italy he
is uh he's promised me that he is going
to gain five pounds for every week that
he's there it's we're calling it the
fight for 15 so when he comes back and
he's bragging about how his clothes
don't fit anymore because he's bursting
his buttons and the like we'll know
whether he made it or not
I feel bad because like this side of the
table over there on that side they're
dressed not shabby
you know just we're doing it for Jimmy
he's always got tonight that's true you
were expecting that the first segment is
mostly gonna be dedicated to talking
about clothes and collars and Cotton's
and the like but we actually did some of
that beforehand so I feel like we got
that out of the way I am wearing killer
sneakers though I wanna show a show of
your new sneaker that's too much if I
might hurt myself
lifting my leg
they're nice so we got a lot to talk
about today the we're gonna talk about
the weather media people in the media
should be unbiased in their in their
perspective they should have no bias no
perspective they shouldn't care about
anything so they can report things in an
unbiased fashion and our feelings about
that we're gonna talk about a climate
crisis and there's been a lot of chatter
about that lately with the New York
Times and a story that was a sent around
on Twitter a lot anyway and based on the
UN report about how a limited time we
have to deal with this before the risk
of extinction of the human species and
but we got a lot to get you but first I
want to talk to Mike and Abby of your
most recently you your show Empire files
on Telus or has it's on what do you
woody on hiatus what are you what are
you calling this it's brief period
hiatus hiatus and the reason it's on
hiatus is why so you know we've had a
contract with the Telus or network which
is um several progressive Latin American
countries Venezuela Cuba and Nicaragua
Bolivia that fundus the state network
that's a you know coalition of these
seven progressive governments Argentina
dropped out recently with it with its
right-wing victory but you know
Venezuela being the main funder and it
being headquarters in Venezuela you know
Venezuela has been a target for us
regime change operations since President
Chavez was elected in the late 90s and
then ever since then there's been this
effort with assassination attempts coup
attempts one of which was successful for
a few days but also economic sanctions
have been a major part of this regime
change effort trying to cripple the
economy make life very difficult for
people you know as we've seen in various
a regent of the world is tough favored
us tactic but you know the sanctions
really ramped up under the Trump
administration in particular the day
after president Maduro won reelection a
democratic landslide victory then the
day after Trump slapped the hardest
sanctions yet in Venezuela in fact the
worst sanctions in the entire region
since the 1980s when the US is waging
this contra war in Nicaragua and so as a
result of that are it's impossible for
funds for our show to be transferred
from Caracas or from any other bank
that's affiliated
with Venezuela and so we had our
complete you know the entire funding for
our show we are about to do a third
season with them completely cut off and
so since then we launched a fundraising
effort on go fund me and patreon for the
Empire files and so the status now is
that we've raised enough money to
restart production which we're really
excited about of course it's on a
limited basis but we're gonna be able
for the time being continue to the show
for several more months I'm as real
result of this but we're still working
to raise more because of course we're
nowhere near where we were getting with
with the Telus or network but yeah so
it's where we love Telus or it's a great
network but it's just you know the
sanctions have made it impossible you
were shooting out of Los Angeles we were
in other places I mean a lot of what we
were doing was on-the-ground
documentaries I mean this show was both
an interview series but also kind of
in-depth documentaries and on-the-ground
investigations and so we were in the
frontlines of the drug war in Colombia
we were all over the West Bank you know
we've been in Venezuela in the middle of
the protest movement and so the the real
thing that we want to continue to be
able to do is to be able to do those
real on-the-ground sometimes
life-threatening investigations to get
the stories out that no one else is
getting out or the corporate media is
doing in a complete disingenuous your
time I see stories about those topics on
the mainstream media all the time yeah
yeah yes that sanctions I mean this is
an effective sanctions against Venezuela
that has a real effect on stifling press
freedom here in the United States
absolutely can you guys speak a bit more
about Venezuela because that's the
favorite boogeyman whenever we talk
about Bernie Sanders or any kind of TSA
policies people say oh my god what you
want to be like Denny's well so can you
speak a little bit about you know what
the issues that are down there why there
are so many struggles you know is it all
because of US sanctions or is there
something more going on down there I
mean it's a combination right I mean the
u.s. sanctions of course are the major
overarching thing I mean that you know
they they intended to cripple the
economy and they do cripple the economy
but it's not just US sanctions it's that
you know when the when the progressive
government came into power of course you
have the old rulers you know the bankers
the big corporate rulers you know
they're still there they weren't
expropriated they weren't kicked out of
the country and so so many of the major
industries are still run by Trump like
people like far-right billionaires
that control products that that the
entire country needs and so like ten of
the major food staple food products are
produced by one company who's actively
involved in efforts to overthrow the
government with the CIA and with the
United States and so you have all these
other players that that make a
difference there but I think that when
people try to say that this is an
example of socialism not working despite
the challenges of us attacks despite the
challenges of attacks from the the
billionaire right-wing class in the
country you have major social advantage
and also this legacy of under
development I mean it was an
underdeveloped monocrop country just
like every other country in Latin
America and Asia in the Middle East it's
under developed for the plunder of the
big powers so when they're finally able
to stand on their own they have decades
to go through of developing the country
to be able to provide for the entire
population so in spite of all of that in
spite of all those major challenges no
one can argue that the socio meant
social gains from providing two million
brand-new housing units to the poorest
families to making a literacy go from
one of the worst in the region to the
best in the region
infant mortality from one of the worst
in the region to one of the best rates
in the world across the board from
healthcare to education the actual
people's power to making people in Vault
and active participants in the
government and have power in the
government you know that the strides are
undeniable and so you know that's super
interesting because you never hear about
the u.s. ever you hear about Maduro
being a corrupt buffoon who dances
sometimes and how the are the countries
living in squalor people are losing
weight cuz they can't get enough this is
all because socialism is evil and does
not work under any circumstance that's
what you hear in the US but you're
telling us a very different story yeah
people don't like they like to look at
statistics now that had they changed at
the past few years but no one wants to
go back to the pre Chavez air and look
at those statistics when the vast
majority of the country was in deep deep
poverty when economic crisis was you
know causing actual starvation an actual
complete destruction of life and in fact
in Anna fascist government I mean when
people rose up against neoliberal the
whole reason for this Chavez revolution
is when people rose up against
neoliberal reforms because everyone's
life was completely destroyed at a level
far far worse than anything they're
experiencing in terms of hardship and
poverty now the government crackdown
even killed like 3,000 people and like
the course of a week I mean
like a fascist state when this and then
it was when this isn't in the late 80s
and then so then this movement was
launched and then people really took
power and so the one thing I'll say
about Venezuelan are experiencing I mean
we spent a month on the ground in the
middle of the the worst parts of the
protest movement is that is that it's a
legitimate popular movement I mean
everywhere you go you see Chavez you see
the P SUV and you see people that are
actively engaged in the process I mean
you just drive around the streets and
you see mass meetings happening of
people just meeting about economic
changes just like you know that it's the
poor people's government and it's
extremely active and popular movement I
just wanted to add one quick thing
there's not a general shortage of food
there's a general shortage of food items
and those are specific items that are
hard to come by and that's when you see
these lines etc so the story is very
skewed on an international scale and
also the opposition movement there
that's glorified by people like John
Oliver and vice and they run around and
try to say that these protesters are
great they're actually holding back on
the protesters we were shocked to find
this armed guanine ba r of the actual
protest movement and there's mass
protests of on both sides and that's
what you're not seeing you're not seeing
the site of the government protests that
are supporting the government but
there's an armed element of these
protests called called wedding buzz and
they were responsible for well over half
of the deaths in that that last kind of
insurrection in Venezuela and so people
were lynched for being afro Venezuelan
there was socialist enclaves that were
targeted food distribution warehouses I
remember asking someone who was
shirtless and had a pin grenade in his
hand why are you doing this and he said
I can't be an entrepreneur here and so
that just kind of made me think a little
bit differently about I I thought wait
you guys are supposed to be a starving
nation that's you know attacking the
government because you're so desperate
you're telling me that you can't own a
business and that's why you're burning
down a food distribution warehouse so it
became a little bit more murky when we
the attack that 911 they attacked the
World Trade Center because they hate us
for our right yeah exactly that doesn't
seem like a good enough reason and you
can't own a business event as I like
small and medium-sized business owners
are generally Pro Socialist Party and so
they're youth they're generally with the
government it's the big corporate powers
that are feeling that their rights are
being infringed on yeah and then you see
Colombia the NATO expansion there and
just like the the trained militias and
paramilitaries that are bleeding into
Venezuela and exacerbating the crime but
yeah the opposition when you get down to
the nitty-gritty there's a very violent
arm and it's completely ignored by a
u.s. corporate media yeah I mean
Venezuelans kind of story that is ideal
for the US media not to cover in a in a
you know an unbiased fashion and that's
what you get all right we gotta take a
break but but I think I mean I think the
solution to people if they're going
hungry as well is more US sanctions
that's a good idea that's really gonna
solve that problem
hey welcome back to aggressive
progressives I'm Malcolm of flesh nurse
sitting in for Jimmy Dore who is busy
eating his weight in cannoli in Italy
and we're talking with Stevo and Abby
Martin and Mike prise nur they were just
talking about of their experiences in
Venezuela and covering that we're gonna
move on to talk about what the the
previous year you went to sauna could
that mean that's dangerous fun as well
as a dangerous situation covers
journalists so you went someplace super
safe which was Gaza and what were you
there for what were you doing we
actually spent a month in the West Bank
we actually weren't allowed in together
I went to Gaza in 2009 after one of the
massacres the Israeli massacres there
but you know we actually went to the
West Bank for on-the-ground
investigative documentaries which we
have on the Empire files a YouTube
channel but we wanted to get into Gaza
to report on the humanitarian crisis
there but the Israeli press office
denied us because they said we were
Iranian spies and that we were
propagandists not journalists and so we
weren't able to actually get into Gaza
but um yes did you guys are Iranian spy
ocean and Venezuelan spiders confused it
became an Iranian that came from but yet
apparently we are but um but no so
because of we weren't allowed in we
actually recently hired a team of
journalists in Gaza to report on the
great march of return which was going on
which which I be can say more about but
we have you know as when our funding
problem happened with tell us sir we
were just about to complete
post-production on all of this footage
that we had gotten from an amazing
really brave team of journalists in gaza
showing everything from daily life daily
hardship daily happiness and also the
the real heroic actions taking place at
the border fence which have claimed the
lives of nearly 200 people now right so
gaza is a place that the UN declares is
gonna be uninhabitable by 2020 we're
talking about 90% of the water's on
potable we're talking about couple hours
of electricity a day it's pretty hard to
imagine how devastating it is to really
live in this Enclave and 2 million
people are trapped in this open-air
prison two-thirds of which are actually
refugees expelled and expunged from
their land ethnically cleanse just mere
miles away so you know the West Bank is
under brutal military occupation where
people are being brutalized raided
killed on a daily basis there but Gaza
is really just this abysmal
pocket that is completely ignored by the
international community and again we are
sponsoring these atrocities with ten
million dollars of US taxpayer money
every day so you know of course these
people are protesting and they've said
themselves they have nothing to live for
and so they're risking their lives every
Friday to go out there and protest this
occupation and in one day one day when
that Embassy was moved from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem 60 people were gunned down in
cold blood from snipers we're talking
about just mere feet from the fence from
this and I don't want to call it a
border fence because it's literally a
prison fence dividing people from their
own land and so you're tell ya it's just
shocking to think that snipers were
putting people in their crosshairs we're
talking about children amputees
journalists medics 60 people in one day
and the front page of the New York Times
the next day was I reflect I hope at
least every bullet was justified and
there's been reports proving it doesn't
matter what they say about Hamas
militants these are children and
journalists and it came out that not one
has been armed not one so this story
needs to be told it's been told in
fragments but we need to put it together
and just show exactly what's going on
and how the world is turning a blind eye
yeah I mean I try to imagine if this
were going on and it were an appear on
for example oh yeah we're gunning people
down at the border like this and I mean
one thing one quick when you mentioned
that they have electricity for only a
few hours a day and they at 90 percent
of the water is not potable those are
that's not just natural that's right a
choice right it's being made and Gaza is
slowly slowly they're ratcheting down
the livability scale to making it worse
and worse the Israelis who control Gaza
and I actually take some issue with
calling it an open-air prison because
when you run a prison you are required
to provide health care it's more like an
open-air concentration but that people
you know who's for fans of the right
wing government of Israel don't like you
calling a concentration camp
I can furnish several reasons but you
got a call like it is and so and the
important thing to remember is that yes
ten million dollars a day the United
States we fund this much as we're
funding the killings in Yemen
and and if if it's a government that
your support an ally of yours and
they're gunning down children in cold
blood there's Neil and they're
describing the New York Times or
elsewhere as clashes yeah there's no
clash when you're unarmed and you get
shot by a sniper so but I think that
with the Trump administration coming
into power Netanyahu has realized it's
you know it's open season now is the
time to grab as much as I can and to
take the West Bank and the Gaza I can
kneel I can make it name is rate them
even more and we're seeing that the
international community led by the
United States what he's not gonna do
anything about it yeah he's doing
completely the bidding of Sheldon
Adelson and I just found out that
Sheldon Adelson just paid for the entire
half of the gops congressional budget I
mean this is a really strong magnet and
he his whole goal is to restart war with
Iran and to basically eliminate
Palestine and a Palestinian refugees and
that's exactly what we've seen Trump do
with the elimination of that hundreds of
millions of dollars of fun to try to
keep up the error that were you know
working for a two-state solution here
it's just completely off the table Trump
has done more than any other president
to devastate Palestine and just do the
bidding of Netanyahu and other extreme
Zionists so it's pretty disheartening
yeah I mean that embassy move was like I
mean that was the real green light that
was the signal that you are free I mean
you know Israel in the United States
they have a congruent interests in the
region but they don't have the same
interests in the region so sometimes
you've seen clashes between the
interests of the US government and the
Israeli government under Obama
especially you saw that you know
Netanyahu come into Congress to give a
speech without approving it with the
executive range things like that I mean
that's kind of unprecedented level of
things you know the US wants a military
garrison to exert its influence in the
region the most geostrategic region of
the world Israel is this attack dog in
the region for them but Israel doesn't
just want to be an attack dog the United
States it wants to build Greater Israel
once all of that land at once land in
Syria Lebanon and all of the remaining
territory Palestinian territories and so
those interests usually go together
smoothly but sometimes they clash so
when Trump came in he's basically like
green light now is your chance four
years maybe eight years to move as
aggressively as you want to and I'm glad
you mentioned this
like you know shooting children because
I think it's very easier people imagine
it's a chaotic situation there's like
American sniper style hello does that
kid have a gun I got a shooter real
quick we're in the middle of a clash but
the way these are sniper teams that are
posted up for hours you haven't a sniper
teams have an assistant who's looking at
even zoom or zoomed in binoculars
they acquire a target they radio for
permission to shoot the target they're
seeing it very clearly very close-up
this is very deliberate so when you hear
that 12 year old after 12 year old after
12 year old was shot in the head by a
sniper or a young woman medic after
young woman medic after young woman hip
medic was shot in the head by sniper
these are not a chaotic incidents these
are very deliberate the phases of war
right exactly I mean these are targeted
assassinations and so I think the flip
side though is yes Trump is allowed this
kind of I mean they've done horrible
things like this in the past it's in a
new phase in terms of how quickly
they're expanding settlements and an
aggression but I think it's having this
reverse effect where people are seeing
this I mean it's know people can see
clearly what's going on there and and
are repulsed by it just like every time
there's an Israeli war on Gaza it causes
an uptick in people's consciousness
because it's very hard to bury any
further and so I have anything good is
gonna come of this of the the heroic put
every Friday they're going out and just
getting shot at the border fence no guns
no violent mean they're just going out
in their own land of protest and they're
being murdered they're going out time
and time again because they know that if
people see it elsewhere in the world
then it could lead to an international
crisis that causes some resolution to
this and so I just want you know it's
just crazy to hear when people say oh
well they were Hamas and it's like what
does that mean first of all everything
in Gaza is considered a Hamas target by
Israeli forces and second of all that
doesn't mean anything so we're just
executing people and just saying oh well
in retrospect they belong to a political
party I mean come on
howdy human eyes that we made
Palestinians oh they're they're a death
cult they worship death no we've been to
Palestinian funerals the the mothers
wail the same way that anyone would
around the world when their child is
lost so it's just devastating when can
we expect to be able to see it we think
in the next month and a half two months
we'd say but we want to make it in two
parts or three parts so we're trying to
make it really you know one documentary
system
we focus on the great market return
another one just on how life is in Gaza
and then one kind of a more hopeful
aspect because that's what the
journalist that I talked to that we
hired begged us they said can you please
pass on the message that we don't want
to die and that we love life and they
said instead of focusing on how much we
suffer let's also show them how what
binds us together as a society and as a
culture and so we're gonna try to show
that as well and I mean then you were
also you you were also in the West Bank
thought you had to be in the West Bank
for this because they wouldn't let you
into Gaza and I I think a lot of the
focus in tension because of the march of
return what's happening is is on Gaza
but what's going on in the West Bank is
still we covered it on the Friday post
game last week how they essentially
Israel has built has divided the West
Bank in half now or is on the process of
dividing it in half and creating these
so-called bantu stands where
Palestinians to get from one area of the
West Bank to another it's just time
consuming and they're humiliated and
it's the the whole point of Israel what
they're doing is trying to drive the
Palestinians out without actually having
to Massacre them which is what I mean
but it's essentially ethnic cleansing
making life so miserable for them but
life for the settlers is smooth and easy
they have none of these but they they
bypass all the the Palestinian
settlements so they can travel freely
but by for Palestinians in the West Bank
is also extraordinarily difficult
especially to get to work if they work
in Israel so that's I mean there are two
sides of this story but it's it's part
of the larger picture of Israel as you
point out essentially wants to take over
the whole region just get rid of the
Palestinians and anybody who is
pretending to deny that or alleging that
Israel is consider is is interested in a
two-state solution where you would be
just mantling the settlements you you
have to be delusional on a level of
maybe even Susan Collins solution
that
and we are going to talk about some
domestic politics in the segment I like
to call off their feed which I thought
was funny because going off your feed if
you're an animal like livestock
it means they stopped eating there's
something wrong with them and there's a
Twitter feed but it turns out nobody
knows what that expression means so I
can't get the our editing team to make
me a little animation with it but I will
one day I will have my animation but
anyway so what we do is we talk about
certain tweets that I found intriguing
or interesting or worth discussing from
the past week so let's go to the first
one which is from Nicolas fan dose he
wrote the tactics that were used
completely backfired harassing members
at their homes crowding the halls with
people acting horribly the effort to
humiliate us really helped me unify my
conference so I want to thank these
clowns
now that's Mitch McConnell talking about
all of the activism involved around
fighting the Kavanagh nomination the
women who were famously now accosted
Jeff Flake in in an elevator and were
given a lot of props for that and
there's just the general descent on DC
or general descent period and the
descent onto DC of protesters who
voicing their opinions about a mccuddin
the the Kavanagh nomination and trying
to stop him but Mitch McConnell he was
saying hey that's the best thing that
ever happened to us because that helped
bring us together you people are
screaming at us made us huddle together
for fear for our lives and we decide we
only have each other and all of our
billionaire corporate donors to protect
us and the military so is is Mitch
McConnell being sincere that he
appreciates it or do you think he's full
of it Steve I ask you totally full of it
it didn't matter if there's no protest
if there's a a million person protest
this is what they're gonna do anyway
yeah so you think he's being
disingenuous and he suggests by
suggesting that he appreciated all the
mess his point is next time don't
protest because I have no impact on me
so he's trying to take away the
incentive to protest in the future he's
concerned trolling right he's saying you
know you don't want to do that in the
future because it didn't really work
this time you would you believe me no of
course I mean I consider Mitch McConnell
really sincere guy
and very handsome yeah yeah extremely
handsome I love the no neck no I mean I
think I think he's disgusting I think
that we should have had ten times more
protests shutting down the entire
Supreme Court I think that that's
exactly what's needed to move
legislation in policy to move any sort
of action on the hill that's all that
it's gonna take we can no longer really
count on the Democrats to stop this
process it's pretty horrifying yeah and
you know the people he's calling clowns
I mean from what I remember from the
protests against Kavanagh the it was led
by and the majority of the significant
actions were survivors of sexual assault
who were confronting this because it
they of course feel more closely
connected to it and so calling those
people clowns I mean he's calling
survivors of sexual assault
particularly women clowns for objecting
to a attempted rapist being on the
Supreme Court and so that's really you
know it's doubling down on this really
anti-women misogynist faction that is
now you know lodged a coup in the in the
Supreme Court but you know I think that
real also was behind that statement is
that they really were scared
I mean the protest did freak them out it
was hitting them hard where they did not
want to be hit and I think that there is
a moment where the Republican Party
really thought that Kavanagh was gonna
be defeated by the protest movement so
they were very nervous and then when
they had this big victory where they
were able to ram him through there just
gloating because they were going from
position of being terrified and worried
about what was gonna happen to being you
know feeling very accomplished with what
they've done and it's just more
gaslighting victims and women in general
I mean for example Trump goes out there
and says you know it's a very scary time
for young men in America I mean welcome
to the club here we are women can't even
go to their cars and parking lots
without thinking they're gonna get
accosted so yeah it's pretty absurd to
have Trump you know the hot the most
powerful person in the planet say yeah
it's really terrifying for young men
once again victimizing kavanah and
himself frankly saying oh we're we're
shrouded with all these false
allegations I mean come on he's he has
22 allegations against him anyone who
listened to Ford's testimony understands
that she is telling the truth there's no
reason for her to lie she was a very
accomplished woman she wasn't trying to
do this for fame or glory in fact she's
had to basically
go into hiding because of all the death
threats against her so he's the victim
yeah you're right I think they are
scared I think he's scared I think Jeff
Flake was scared I think Susan Collins
is scared and and they then they should
be because the the civility police are
going to be disbanded I think and it's
uh it's it's they this is what they
should expect from now on so and his
alleging to the contrary is is not gonna
work all right let's go to our next one
this is from Mother Jones the Susan
Collins says she believes Blasi Ford was
assaulted but not by Kavanaugh this is
her angle that she came around to which
is I believe everyone everyone's telling
the truth that nobody's a bad actor here
and but essentially what she's saying is
I don't believe Blasi Ford but without
actually saying that is I mean is this
how do you how do you hold this thought
in your head and and is it possible is
it possible she's the one who is really
the you know delusional and we are we
talk about Donald Trump and how he he
needs to be assess matically but the if
Susan Collins really believes this that
I think she needs she she needs a
serious investigation into her mental
health know she doesn't believe it you
know so I've always maintained that the
pressure on Lisa Murkowski
and Susan Collins to do the quote
unquote do the right thing is unfair I
mean why is it only women that are
pressured to doing the right things for
women men have the same pressure men
also the duty to do the right thing
towards women that said Susan Collins I
find especially the script a despicable
because of her her incredibly hollow and
fake rationale dissing generally really
you believe everything's telling that
everyone's telling the truth there's no
bad guys and oh what can we do there's
nothing I could do right I would have
more respect for her she just said look
I like Kavanagh he's my guy and we vote
for him right but but the pretend she
cares at all about a doctor forged
testimony and what she went through
what a joke it's an embarrassment to her
it's worse than if you know I he did
this but it was a he was a kid yeah I
think he's reformed himself even though
he though he may be not remember it
because you know for whatever reason it
wasn't a big deal
him and I'm just gonna vote but this is
it's super insulting to all of our
intelligence absolutely to her you know
her standing like it's it's pretty so
preposterous as to you know even for the
standard of a Republican senator which
is pretty low for testimony as evidence
people keep forgetting that they say oh
there's no evidence of these allegations
against him that is evidence that's why
testimony is put up in a court of law to
say this happened to me you know she she
experienced this and she even said I'm a
hundred percent certain that this was
the man so I I just don't understand
this whole I believe cab and I and I
believe you I mean she even had the
audacity to say that Kavanaugh could
bring some sort of equality and harmony
to the court that's so desperately
needed in these times of you know
incivility
or whatever the hell she is a non rapist
create a harmony for all so so
definitely that drives me crazy is this
you know throwing at this standard you
know beyond the reasonable doubt
innocent until proven guilty this is not
it it's not a trial right this is not a
criminal proceeding so you know
different different events have
different standards of proof so in a
criminal case if you're into price and
one other Liberty you have the the
burden of proving it beyond reasonable
doubt in a civil proceeding is just a
preponderance of the evidence and a job
and maybe like this it's just whatever
you want man right
I mean really like if you're running
anything if you're running let's say a
preschool would you hire this guy to run
your preschool absolutely not
would you hire this guy to to to to run
your store I mean your 7-eleven store I
wouldn't right I mean if he came out and
said look that was a long time ago I
made some mistakes I'm a different
person I'm very sorry I might actually
consider that right because not for the
supreme court but for like a store
manager because I don't think should be
held you know responsible for something
forever if you own up to it admit to the
mistake he says I'm a changed man
but if he's gonna say I didn't do it I
didn't do it I didn't do it and the
woman is saying I am 100% sure that he
did it and there's that cloud of
suspicion and then on top of that
additional women are coming out saying
he did it how can this guy on the
Supreme Court what there's no other
human being
at that spot there's no other pro-lifer
there's a reason why they need him it's
because of his deference towards
President presidential authority his
belief that a sitting president should
not ever be indicted that he's above the
law and they need him for that plus he's
also a pro corporatist and he's pro-life
and all those other things that he
checks the boxes for both the president
and the Republican Party in general skip
the the next two go straight to the one
from tim nichols is supposed to because
i assume that men are not going to be
the ones to carry november for the
democrats and that women will have to
offset them and that young people in
particular have miserable turnout lesson
always Dems are so so bad at politics
okay so that's what he's saying that the
democrats are terrible and we're gonna
have to bail them out and then there was
this response to treat from john
Schwartz at the intercept who said the
democrats aren't bad at politics it's
just that the goal of the people who run
the democratic party isn't to win
elections their goal is to continue to
run the democratic party if you
understand that you'll see that they're
actually extremely good at politics
who's right other democrats good at what
they do
or are they bad at what they do hmm this
is very interesting framing i think
they're good at what they do I think I
think Schwartz is exactly right they are
there to bring in the money and get paid
they're not here to win the election if
they win that's great I'm not sure
they're happy to win sure but it's but
the problem is if you win with Bernie
Sanders in he cleans house then you
don't run the Democratic Party anymore
so if you lose to Trump you still are in
charge of the Democratic Party that's
what I think what are you guys thinking
yeah that's why they keep trying to you
know pull in Republican or moderate
voters instead of eking one inch left
and that's why we've seen just the
constant takeover from basically
centrists and that's giving them too
much credit I think I mean corporate
Democrats have just taken over and and
instilled and institutionalized the
corporate takeover I mean they will
refuse to let people like Alexander
Ocasio Cortes or anyone like her really
get more power than they already have
they can't one more thing about Kavanagh
I mean I it actually could be true that
he doesn't remember it because people
like him and Trump sexually assault
women so often I totally agree that it
could be very well but this one wasn't
even successful but for women they never
I don't dwell dwell on my failures women
never forget
hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more
jimmy and of course me if you like what
you saw you can access full episodes of
Agartha progressives by becoming a
member
head to t YT coms slash join now
