so now let's take a look at the latest
state of the races for other gents
Democrats running for Congress in
California
Audrey Denny in the first District of
California
I thought she had good energy a right
attitude was doing the right things to
get into the runoff and in the beginning
of the night she was in fifth place and
I thought and I literally had this
discussion and I said well maybe I'm not
a good judge maybe a you know that
doesn't mean anything
well it turns out no I am a good judge
Audrey Denny in second place and now
looks into being very good shape to make
the runoff so she's at 16.3% her
Democratic opponent is at twelve point
four percent so almost a four point lead
and now a solid forty nine percent
reporting yeah so that's a real number
and it puts her in a really good
position to to get into the runoff still
a a Republican held district and the
Republican got more votes but there's a
lot of Democrats who split up the vote
there the incumbent is only at 51.8%
that's vulnerable so and I think people
still are under estimating the blue wave
and I know I don't want to get make
people get complacent but people are
motivated even more so than the tea
party in 2010 which a lot of people like
to compare it to but Trump is the kind
of president that could energize a tea
party ish wave for for Democrats even
more so in in 2018 and we haven't even I
know that it feels like the whole thing
was a disaster but we haven't even had a
disaster yet so Trump is capable of mega
world-changing disaster yeah and it
hasn't happened yet and thank God I
don't want a great happen yeah but
because he could exploit something like
that I was reading Naomi Klein's book
and she talked about how if if something
horrific was to happen he could just
completely manipulate it in the way you
know bush
9:11 and that could be I don't want
anything to happen because he could
actually generate support or go to war
or something like that
I keep coming back to it I don't know
how they haven't yet manufactured
something or blown something out of
proportion it sounds like with the sorts
of people he's surrounding himself with
it shocks me thankfully that they have
not resorted to that yet yeah but on the
other hand let's see he does something
like crash the stock market then all the
Republican donors are mad he's in a
tailspin the other Republicans don't
want to back him and then they walk into
that 2018 election thinking you know
this is a nice wedding that the
Lannisters have paid for all right now
more good news how second house district
25 we had just Democrat in this race
Brian calf Oreo boom second place now
these these districts as you get further
down California are reporting a lot less
so only 10% reporting here he's got
about a three point lead on third place
so that's good news but definitely not
settled okay now I moved down to oh by
the way Rosa Calderon as I told you
earlier in the fourth District is is not
likely to win now super interesting in
the 34th district this is not a just
Democrat but it is a cream Green Party
candidate that I interviewed Kenneth
Mejia I always struggle the name right
for a guy named Jake huger I should do
better anyway well the bad news in that
race is for Kenneth is that Jimmy Gomez
the Democrat with a crushing 78 point
showing with 12% reporting but Gomez
will obviously make it into the runoff
and he's the incoming but Kenneth's
second place at eleven point nine
percent here comes the Green Party so
not often you see a Green Party
candidate in a position to get to a
general election he is by the way third
places to a libertarian so root for
Kenneth I just want to say one thing
Justin
case in that 25th district Brian calf
Oreo is in second the the woman who's
right behind him Katie hill I discern I
check just again to give you an idea of
where we were at she supports Medicare
for all so right behind the justice
Democrat yes not just democratics
corporate money but supports backyard
sister so that's the Kate Hill that's
good news now everybody was worried
about the 39th district they said had
that as the most likely where Democrats
will split up their vote and two
Republicans would advance and not give
the Democrats a chance to flip that seed
Edie Royce was the representative there
but he resigned so they're gonna have a
new congressman ed Royce the Republicans
so that it's a more of a Republican
leaning district obviously and a
Republican is in first place young
chemist but Gil Cisneros a Democrat is
solidly a second place still lot to go
no but Oh in that case no 47% reporting
so his three point lead much more likely
to hold up so I told you it was a
needless panic and it looks like it's a
needless panic you'll have a very
standard Republican versus Democrat in
the 39th district so now we go down to
the 49th District where we have another
Justice Democrat and that is Doug
Applegate he is the one that nearly
upset darrell Issa in 2016 in the
closest election in the country so of
course the Democrats inserted a lot of
other candidates into that race to muck
it up and they have but Democrat will
advance that's another one they were
worried oh no the Republicans are gonna
come in and get the top two spots no
they're not a Republican will get the
top spot Isis retired and Dianne Harkey
got a lot of the money and the support
institutional support so she's gonna
advance as a Republican but a Democrat
will come in second which is not clear
yet if it's Mike Levin Sarah Jacobs or
Doug Applegate but Applegate is trailing
by about 3.7 percent still 81% of the
precincts left her report so he could
make a comeback and Lebanon Jacobs are
very close
Levin is better than Jacobs Jacobs's
comes from big-money
11 is at least backed by p triple c a
good progressive
and then live in supports better gift
for all and yes he's got a lot of really
good progressive positions so if he
advances not so bad and then their 50th
district Duncan Hunter Jr's district
he's going to advance he's the incumbent
so who's gonna be up against them well
still only 14% reporting but Ammar
company try the justice democrat still
holding on to a 1.7 percent lead so ok
shape no good shape but a ton still left
to report it hasn't actually updated and
like now yeah why is that
you see California is maddening some
places report right away and some places
sometimes take forever to report so as
we're doing this it's 11 o'clock Pacific
time in California the polls have been
closed for over three hours so we are
gonna wrap it up because if we kept
going that 50th district might come in
in two weeks so when it does we'll let
you know but at the end of the night
here as happens frequently on election
nights now I've been on the air for
eight straight hours and the Justice
Democrats almost always rally oh and by
the way in my good news wrap-up I forgot
to mention I'll do it now the first ever
justice Democrat ROH Khanna and
incumbent has also won and moved on so
so it looks like there's gonna be about
4 mm 3 to 5 will see it of course by
tomorrow how many exactly more justice
Democrats move on but it's a good number
and and I kid around that they've
rallied because it just happened to be
the California was last just Democrats
did lose in New Jersey and in New Mexico
but in New Mexico a wonderful
progressive media justice Democrat
Debbie Allen has an excellent chance of
winning the general election and will be
the first ever Native American woman in
Congress more important her policy
positions are great so lots of good news
for progressives overall in the night
war are
Ellucian candidates one in fact I think
every our revolution candidate we
mentioned one I don't know that we got
them all
but someone called Politico and and so
as this turned out on a lot of these
election nights nice progressive
victories to end the night's it's just a
coincidence a matter of when the states
are going and when the results are
coming in but they just Democrats as
usual started with rough beginning and
now is are gonna win a bunch of these
races at the end so when you put all of
them together working families party
we've got a Green Party candidate going
to the general election you got
revolution you got p triple c are doing
really well and then you got just
democrats with oh maybe up to five
candidates advancing not a bad night for
progressives so obviously has to be
noted that our favorite candidate is
certainly my favorite candidate allison
aartsen did not win tonight the senate
race but still a ton of victories we
never thought it was going to be easy
and no one ever thought we would have
these many victories they thought we'd
have no victories instead we're now in
the dozens of victories and and by the
way our revolution was derided for
having a 40% win rate for a new group is
amazing now their percentage win rate is
way better last election night they won
seven out of 12 here they've done really
really well so overall progressive
groups as young as they are as new as
they are have been doing fantastic yeah
if you told me when we started just
Democrats that by the time California
has voted and you're about halfway
through the primaries that you would
have we had 11 advancing we'll probably
have another three tonight they would
have 14 going to the general election
I'd been like are you sure I'm
optimistic but that's a lot I would have
attacked you I was overcome with rage
what are you talking yeah but they're so
and if they do a report on it if they
report on it in the mainstream press
it's going to be well why weren't there
more it's disappointment
appointment from the progressive wing
because I don't know I mean that was the
framing of that political article and
then there's radio silence when it comes
to successes that's because the
establishment press doesn't believe in
progressives as an enormous bias against
them not because they hate them but
because in the groupthink of Washington
is like progressives have no power and
they never will have power okay and and
money money money money money money
who's got more money and so in that
context when you're talking about how
we're gonna run uncorrupted candidates
not taking a corporate PAC money they're
like oh you'll never win except for all
these wins what happened I thought we
would never win I thought we wouldn't
get any victories I guess you were wrong
about that but not a lot of times you
will you get mainstream media reporting
this breaking news it turns out we were
totally wrong not to pile on to Politico
but I don't really care like every
single report that they do about any
candidate it doesn't matter it's about
their fundraising power and how much
power their ever how much money they
raise like New York Times Washington
Post they they won't obsess over that in
the way Politico does and the only time
a progressive gets credit in their
Politico piece for the most part is wow
they really exceeded expectations and
they raised a lot of money I mean yeah
that's all they see and it's
unbelievable to me as someone who
doesn't live in Washington and someone
who covers politics that that's the only
thing they care about never policy just
fundraising and they are the worst of
all of the major outlets when it comes
to that and and a great example of that
which I've shared before is the person
we interviewed earlier tonight in our
live coverage and by the way don't miss
any of our live coverage on any election
night always go to TYT comm slash live
or get the app the TYT app just type in
TYT in the App Store and you'll get to
see these wherever you are you just take
it on with you with you on your phone
obviously so Cara Eastman we had Iran
earlier tonight in this election
coverage she won an upset victory in
Nebraska and she's a justice Democrat in
Politico wrote haha our revolution
didn't endorse her but didn't mention
that just Democrats did and then they
helped that candidate
honestly they will only report the
negative they don't realize it but they
have massive bias against progressives
and against the uncorrupted so they
revel in that corruption without fully
recognizing that they do it's also just
this fetishizing of the establishment
that they love they love being in
Washington they love that reporting on
it and they love the the esteem of
Congress and the men and women there in
the White House and they feel as if they
are a part of history and they are a
part of the great reporting of Politico
when they're actually asked well then I
mean it's gonna be interesting to see as
there are more and more incumbents who
are endorsed by these groups more and
more incumbent JD's and all that are
they going to update based on that well
how the distinguished gentlemen point
they'll be forced to so that's a great
question and Emmas absolutely right so
let me explain how we win and change
that attitude and how they're forced to
by the way let me note for the record by
the way
John Heenan is another just Democrat in
Montana as an a virtual tie right now
yeah and so what's the numbers there
it's not I wouldn't say it he's down by
one point four percent so 32,000 seventy
two thirty three thousand four hundred
okay they've been going back and forth
about how what percentage traveling 474
so now he's the underdog okay but
between him and Applegate we'll see if
one of them rises up so a couple of
other candidates Possible's so how do
the just Democrats or progressives get
real power and get flipped to
establishment press into covering them
well first of all you win some of these
general elections so right now they're
still at yeah they want primers it
doesn't count it doesn't count it
doesn't count well I thought you said
the establishment Democrats with their
more money we're gonna win these doesn't
matter I'm only gonna talk about your
losses but you can't keep saying that if
we win general elections and then you
say all right well okay general
elections but maybe they can maybe they
can still ignore it hold there's two
other things that are gonna make a big
difference if you knock out some of the
people that they Revere yeah so what
Emma was just talking about they look up
to these guys like Oh
honorable gentleman from Connecticut
right oh you have power so it would have
been great if Allison knocked out
Feinstein it would perfect now it didn't
happen but there are still a couple of
those big possibilities
Alexander Acacio Cortez in New York if
she knocks out Joe Crowley the fourth
ranking Democrat in the House earthquake
and then everyone will write that
article and they will don't get me wrong
and there's some of them in the
beginning will be an initial glow of
like Oh something fun exciting different
habit in politics I didn't expect that
I'll write a positive article I get my
best guess is that'll happen in the
beginning and then they'll turn on her
and they'll say oh yeah my chances
ruined that way they had a say a
Democrat it was raising a lot of money
for other Democrats and now that's gone
I hope you're happy you progressives but
all of a sudden they're fighting you
they're not ignoring you anymore right
and so that's a good thing
and by the way that spear job Politico
did on our ablution also they're not
ignoring anymore now we're in the
fighting stage you know the last stage
is the one where we win so finally when
can when do they absolutely positively
have to cover you is when you affect
their vote in Congress and by the way
that makes sense that's where we got to
get to eventually we got to win the
votes in Congress but the first step is
the minute a caucus of Justice Democrats
whether they're 14 or 6 or 24 it doesn't
matter
the minute that caucus says No Deal
we are not voting with the Democrats and
we're not voting with the Republicans
we're not voting with corporate
interests we do not agree to that deal
and they swing a vote again there will
be rage in the political class how dare
they we had a bipartisan compromise that
gave everything to their corporate
overlords right how dare they break that
up these are radical leftist but we got
your attention didn't we so the next
time just Democrats run all those guys
will write negative articles but that's
a great improvement but it's worth
noting I would say one more thing about
media bias that when it came to the tea
party effecting change or the tea party
swing they were very quick to write
those articles and they were very quick
to report on that but it's gonna take a
tidal wave of progressives to get get
even a tiny article in something like
Politico I think we're always going to
see that because the difference in how
lives I don't mean political lips I mean
lives in general operate and how the
right does I mean how how much in the
beginning of Trump won and even to this
day every every lip reporter for every
you know newspaper it's doing profiles
and cafes and trying to figure out the
Trump voters okay so if Sanders wins in
2020 do you think that like the right
wing publications are gonna be heading
to San Francisco to find out what are
these left wingers really thinking no I
don't think that's going to happen yeah
and one thing that I think just again to
prepare ourselves let's say we get that
caucus of six to 14 or 20 justice
Democrats partly it's gonna matter if
you know they are the minority the
majority party are they gonna control
Congress but especially let's say that
that happens and then we go another year
and a half and we get Joe in 2020 we get
more justice Democrats and more our
revolution
you know congressmen in there and
Senators as well perhaps and we get a
strong progressive president let's say
hypothetically a Sanders once he's in
power who is he going to work with in
the Senate and in the house is he gonna
spend all of his time bashing his head
against Chuck Schumer or is he going to
work against all of these strong
progressives that have been working
their way into Congress and the Senate
as well I think he's gonna be tapping
some of them for executive positions
others will be helping him Shepherd
legislation through the process and then
you have to cover them that's right and
when we get the presidency which we will
in 2020 this whole dynamic is turned on
its head they respect power so why did
they cover the tea party more well one
the right wing keep yelling at them and
they're scared of the right wing so they
respect that too
the tea party wasn't actually a
grassroots movement it was funded by the
Koch brothers
so that's a lot of money so I mean it
was to be fair it was a grassroots
movement in the beginning and it was
immediately hijacked by the Koch
brothers
so the politicos of the world were like
Oh money there's money
right and right-wing so that's why they
cover those guys more but the Koch
brothers are from Kansas we're coming to
Kansas
Brent welder has an excellent chance Qi
team member Bernie Sanders delegate as
an excellent chance of beating Kevin
Yoder an establishment Republican with
millions of dollars one of the most
corrupt guys in Congress payday lenders
are his top donors he takes from the big
banks he takes from everybody
if you beat a guy that corrupt we view
as corrupt and Politico abuses important
and powerful and respected they go whoa
this guy with no PAC money just beat one
of my favorite buddies that I go
drinking with who had all the PAC money
okay now we got your attention and he
has a team now that's right because we
got him a staff to run his volunteers
qit helped raise over $50,000 today when
over fifty two thousand dollars for
Brent welder so you guys made that
happen if he beats Kevin Yoder and he
shocks those guys and forces them to
cover progressives you made that happen
and Brent's also run a terrific campaign
but the bottom line is we got to earn it
we got to get to that power they'll
never give it to us that they're not on
our side the idea what liberal media
bias is hilarious and preposterous and
pervasive they still think that they and
it is corporate media yes they're more a
little bit more socially liberal but
when it comes to economic issues and
corporate issues they are massively
conservative so that is why we say we
need a revolution that's how the system
is rigged and a revolution doesn't
happen overnight we made some good steps
today of course there were some painful
parts of it as well but the revolution
continues and and I think in 2020
they're gonna see what that revolution
looks like so let's keep going and let's
keep fighting and I think with the great
steps we've made so far we're gonna get
there
