Alice Johnson should be home enjoying
her senior years kids grandkids
great-grandkids instead she's inmate
number 14 873 - o 76 at the Federal
Correctional Institute in Aliceville
Alabama she is a remarkable human being
her children are remarkable nobody
deserves clemency from Morris
Amy pava is a former inmate and founder
of can-do an organization that fights
for clemency for nonviolent offenders
she's been fighting for freedom for
Alice Johnson since 2014 that's one of
those cases that you know just kind of
haunt you because there's no explanation
the year is 1993 Memphis Tennessee
Johnson recently divorced - suddenly
lost her management job at FedEx after
ten years
the bottom is falling out of her life
she's arrested along with 15 others on
drug and money laundering charges at
trial prosecutors convinced ten of her
co-conspirators to testify against her
and return they got reduced sentences
not Alice it's not like Alice ever said
I'm I'm innocent she's always been
forthcoming she's always been remorseful
desperate people resort to desperate
measures at times and she said this was
the worst mistake of her life if she
could change it course she would Johnson
has missed the births of all of her
grandchildren and recently her great
grandchild she also wasn't allowed to be
there when her parents passed away it is
one of the great pains of her life she's
like a bright light in a very dark spot
and everybody sees that the warden where
she's currently reciting wrote a support
letter her case manager wrote a support
letter for her clemency that's virtually
unheard of Johnson isn't alone the ACLU
calls it living death they say she's one
of 3200 prisoners mostly poor black or
Latino serving extreme sentences for
nonviolent crimes 79% are drug offenses
like possession or distribution
in 2016 President Obama granted clemency
to 231 prisoners Alice was not one now
she's making her appeal to President
Trump and she's getting help from an
unusual source Kim kardashian-west saw
Alice's video and retweeted it with a
caption this is so unfair the video has
since been shared more than eight
million times if I tweet about it you
know I'm dealing with this and if Kim
Kardashian tweets about it you know
we're looking at this right here for
impact value since then Kardashian West
says she's been working directly with
the White House even meeting with the
president in the Oval Office she says
she and Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner
have spoken about a pardon for Alice
some believe it may help explain why
Kim's husband Kanye West may be playing
up his support of Trump it is also the
impetus behind this change.org campaign
to win Alice her freedom
we are hoping that President Trump will
step up and I feel it's a possibility
I really feel that if somebody can sit
down and talk with him and make him
induce administration understand where
the huge injustice is
you
