President Trump calling an audible
canceling tomorrow's scheduled visit of
the Super Bowl champion Philadelphia
Eagles to the White House burger ah yes
the Philadelphia Eagles the blue-collar
team of the East Coast / latarian the
NFL Super Bowl 52 champions and now
apparently anti-american snowflake
crybabies president issuing a statement
tonight saying quote the Philadelphia
Eagles are unable to come to the White
House with their full team to be
celebrated tomorrow they disagree with
their president because he insists that
they proudly stand for the national
anthem hand on heart and honor of the
great men and women of our military and
the people of our country this is false
the Eagles were divided as a team but
chose to stand for the national anthem
all season anyway also Trump wears
patriotism like I wear band he's on my
Instagram oh you like the national
anthem name three of its albums but that
didn't stop Trump from making this about
himself just like it didn't stop Fox
News from lying to defend Trump in the
sloppiest way possible by Google image
searching Eagles players kneeling
proving once again that none of the
facts matter at all but what's even more
hilarious is that the players depicted
in the coverage we're actually not
kneeling during the anthem but instead
kneeling for prayer well of before the
anthem very interesting that fox news
will disparage good wholesome Christian
white boys and ever to disparage black
athletes is they sure seem to love it
when Tebow used to kneel for Christ ever
since I was a young boy my dad used to
always tell me he said you know as a
football player you're gonna be blessed
with the platform and when you have
success on the football field you know
people are gonna look up to you so that
would Sean Hannity responded with great
American Tebow is a good American thank
you for your service Tebow but when
Kaepernick embraces this exact same idea
and uses platform to raise awareness for
police brutality then let me tell you
the facts here this is it beyond
disrespectful to the country so maybe
just maybe this is it about kneeling it
isn't really about ticket sales for the
NFL either since they already bent over
the White House and banned players from
exercising their First Amendment rights
and it certainly isn't about patriotism
look at this idiot not only does he
obviously not know the words of the
patriotic dumbass songs he's supposedly
getting angry over he doesn't even
respect Americans enough to at least act
like he can lip-sync 'god damn lyrics
this isn't about patriotism this is
about a thin-skinned demented man
bending the nation to his will according
to his personal grievances Trump you the
black athletes wouldn't attend or maybe
they would even dare kneel during the
national anthem of the White House so we
doubled down and is now bringing
everyone around him to pick up the
pieces don't fall for the share this
video with your friends and leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
i'm a psalm piker
please join TYT membership for more
videos like this please don't forget to
follow me on screaming - sandeep Iker
and my twitter tucson the hunt and this
has been the breakdown hey-ho you know
what is the new national anthem
