all right Alison you're here it's
election night you're gonna go to your
headquarters after this so let me ask
this super standard question but I'm
actually curious are you nervous mmm yes
and no I keep going back and forth
mm-hmm yes I'm very excited and I I
guess I'm nervous I have a lot of a lot
of of energy yeah now let me tell you
something else I feel the same exact way
and I'll tell you why because I probably
for the same reason that you're seeing
it because this we were just talking
about this off air there's thirty two
percent undecided in this Senate race in
California and there are thirty two
candidates it's just a coincidence that
those are the same numbers right so
anyone who tells you that they know
what's going to happen it's totally full
of it so since we have no idea what's
going to happen and and by the way a lot
of the top candidates including Allison
are all finishing in the last couple of
polls within two points of each other no
one knows what's going to happen no one
right so that makes me less nervous
because on the other hand it makes me
more nervous
because unlike other people I am
positive that you will be Dianne
Feinstein in the general election if you
make the runoff so there is some
significant percentage chance that by
the end of the night I will have retro
actively been sitting next to a senator
well that's just it we've been talking
to people about how this vote is really
it's both strategic and voting your
conscience you know make sure you do
both and strategically I have the
absolute best if not the only shot of
being able to take out Dianne Feinstein
in November and so what people have to
remember is that you're not voting and
when I hear this a lot we talk to it to
voters we're not voting for first place
we can pretty much assume that that is
going to be Dianne Feinstein because
she's the incumbent and how
that name recognition we're voting for
who is going to be in that top two who's
going to be in the second place and when
it comes down to that then the question
is who absolutely has the best chance of
being able to beat her in November and
it is the exact opposite of her and I am
the exact opposite I'm the only one with
the largest small dollar donations I'm
the only one killing it on social media
I'm the only one with two thousand plus
volunteers I thought it was so awesome
to see you pass the two thousand
volunteers right the goal we set yeah so
now let me give you guys more color
because this election is like two hours
and 47 minutes from concluding and if
you haven't voted by god get out there
and vote don't listen to the rest of it
any of your go vote okay or better yet
get the TYT app listen interview while
you vote okay and tell your family and
friends in California cuz every one of
you has someone you know in California
California is gigantic it would be one
of the largest countries in the world if
it was a sown country so you know
someone in California they still have
time go out there and vote now let me
tell you the inside baseball about the
race so one of the guys in the race is
kdl he's a state senator and so he got
millions of dollars of free media
because every article pretended that he
was it in second place even though some
of the polling would show he's not in
second place even though he had none of
the metrics that Allison just talked
about had no enthusiasm from the base
had no in debate
nowhere near Allison's numbers on
individual donors number of individual I
would say not past tense that's still
the case yeah that's still the case all
the way to the end so no energy no
enthusiasm no volunteers he might have a
couple but nowhere near 2000 they didn't
take any of that in a count so that's
the only advantage he had but why do I
bring that up to you guys because he ran
a miserable campaign I was worried that
he would run a good campaign Hey but he
didn't he barely touched Feinstein let
alone any of other candidates and I know
strategically why he might not want to
talk about the other candidates I
totally get that so I'm not putting that
on him right I'm being fair but if you
want to go and get that C you have to go
tell people what Feinstein is actually
all about and how conservative she is
and he wouldn't do it you know why
he's worried about his own career and
he's like well I don't want to be too
tough on her what if I lose and then if
I lose I have to set myself up for the
next race and whether it's lieutenant
governor or whatever it is but all that
guy isn't gonna win he's not gonna be
fine sign in the general election but
also even if he wins he is worried about
pissing off the establishment one way or
another and so he's not he's not really
going to hold her nor the establishment
accountable that's really for me that's
the point it proves that he gets in
there and he's not going to be any
different than Dianne Feinstein yeah
he's just keeping his powder dry why he
wouldn't win in November because when
somebody looks at well what's the point
then how are you really different I
might as well vote for the devil I know
right
so I'm gonna keep it here it's John's
right it's the first time I've ever been
happy that a Democrat kept their powder
dry so when you know he's running
against us
okay good do nothing sit in your corner
and I guess he's coasting off the idea
that the establishment media is in favor
of establishment candidates and he was
right about that but he didn't do
anything else but if he gets into the
general election and sits on his hand
hands to be polite okay well then he's
not gonna be twice I know what the hell
was this for and then if he does meet
Feinstein as you once said else and then
he becomes the establishments back-up
plan yeah no no no no we've got to get a
real progressive by sign is so
vulnerable so when you guys were making
calls I talked about this earlier in the
show and you tell people one to two
positions of Feinstein what is her
support drop to almost zero I mean I
don't even yeah it's like under time it
was under ten right Jim yeah it's it's
like whatever the number was it was
minuscule yeah the people of California
do not want a conservative Democrat and
what a progressive Democrat luckily we
got one sitting right next to me well
you know what not even Republicans want
a conservative Democrat because they
don't feel like they can trust them I
can't tell you how many people have told
me whatever their party is at least I
can trust that you have the best
intentions and that you are really
fighting to take down the corrupting
influence of money in our political
system that matters more to me than
somebody who's going to pretend to be on
my side
on some issues yeah so all the spending
on the staff and the volunteers in the
and the organization and the ads are
done right because there's about like we
said to about two and a half hours left
right so there's no asking for money
tonight but I just want to give you guys
credit because thanks to you guys and on
others in California and across the
country
Alison raised over $400,000 yeah all
small donors no PACs at all okay
so that's amazing you put her into the
middle of this race and if she wins
tonight she owes everything to her
donors which are you guys okay so the
other politicians they get money from
the defense contractors the drug
companies the banks etc Alison got money
from you guys she owes you so she's got
to go out there and represent you so now
Alison you've done all you can only a
couple hours left there's still one
party you had to go through and I know a
lot of your supporters are gonna be
there but what do you think of that are
you you think about what would I do if I
win what would I do if I lose I'm gonna
keep it real and ass through that of
course yeah I certainly think about both
and it's it's so hard to say I want to
get some sleep I just have one full
night's sleep please regardless but you
know if if should I win then it's now a
whole new ballgame going into the
general so it's a matter of going back
to the table and figuring out now what
are our steps now how do we move forward
our staff will grow our volunteers will
will grow and our strategy will grow as
well we've I've learned so much from
this this primary race that I'm going to
take with me and make even even better
in the general now should I not win the
question is what's the next angle to
come at the establishment to continue
this movement to continue this fight
there are so many ways that we can do
this and that's what I was doing with
Wolf Pack of course and that's what I
was even doing as a teacher so now it's
just a matter of what's next what's the
the best way it's all
chipping away this is the best and
fastest way to get at it but yeah so one
more inside baseball for you guys at one
more question for you Alison so the
inside baseball is you have no idea how
hard it is to run a campaign because
think about it this way
you have to in a minute
come up with your whole staff and Alice
has never done it before so there's
people who have done it their whole
lives but all of a sudden alison enters
the race and has to get a whole staff
figure out who are the best people in
the country to do it who are still
miraculously available hire those people
raise the money to be able able to
afford the staffers who can then
organize 2,000 volunteers organize the
2,000 volunteers then figure out how to
allocate the resources and do all that
in seven months while being a candidate
while being candidate in an allison not
only didn't take a salary she's also her
own campaign manager
it is nearly miraculous how quickly you
got this thing together that's and what
did I say in the beginning you the best
organizer I've ever seen right organize
over 30,000 volunteers at Wolf Pack and
boom in seven months did amazing work on
this campaign I don't believe anyone
else could have done it as well as
quickly as you did so thank you for that
and I wanted the audience to understand
that not only to appreciate it in your
case but just so they understand how
difficult a process it is sometimes
people say oh what isn't that person
right somebody who came up to me at the
March for our lives that I spoke at in
Santa Ana and he was telling me prior to
that I think that he was thinking of
running well he decided to run for
office a local office I believe and and
then I saw him again later and he's like
okay I did it I pulled the plug I'm
running and he's like this is the
hardest thing I've ever done I had no
idea what really goes into it yeah look
it's like building a business really it
is and that's I told you this before
which is it's really hard to run a
business I know and to be able to say
okay now you're running a major business
at this switch of a light like go right
now build a business hire everyone
immediately you
only seven months to succeed it's a
nearly impossible task and so okay so
that gives me to my final question by
the way there's still two and a half
hours left you know someone in
California call them email them tell
them to go out there and vote okay
whether it's you or it's a family member
or a friend there are a lot of people
you know in California get out there and
vote plenty of time left still Allison
hearts are free United States Senate
Allison so we've talked to you a lot so
give us you know your concluding a
spring this on you your final statement
your concluding remarks the people of
California to make your case okay well I
would say that you know all of you watch
TYT you watch independent news for a
reason we are sick and tired of what is
happening in this country and around
this world one issue one case one piece
of legislation after another we cannot
continue to keep complaining about it
and voting the same way and making
exceptions for our party and I think
that you know this so we have to do
every single thing in our power it's the
least we can do to make sure that we get
somebody who is unbought and uncorrupted
into office and you know that I'm not
taking a dime of corporate money I'm not
taking a dime of PAC money I've been
fighting to end this corruption overturn
citizens united make sure corporations
aren't people money isn't speech that we
can in fact get a green economy so that
we can in fact get college for all in
preschool for all in higher wages tied
to inflation and Medicare for all we'd
get that by striking at the root and we
strike at the root by getting people in
office who understand how that works and
have the experience actually getting
legislation passed through state
legislatures as I have for the better
part of a decade so the final thing I
would ask of you is to really write down
a list every single person you know do
you know for a fact that they have voted
if you're not confident that they voted
the least we can do in these last couple
of hours send them a text message call
them email them even figure outside of
the state of California I know many
people who know people in California who
have gotten them to vote so please do
that and I will
so tell you that in these last couple
hours myself and my team we aren't done
actually we are continuing to canvass
and phone bank up until the very last
minute and the polls close at 8:00 p.m.
Pacific and actually I have one more
thing to say and that is from the bottom
of my heart thank you thank you for all
that you do thank you for your support I
get emotional because this matters to me
and you know this is a huge huge
movement and I think sometimes we get
really caught up in getting excited
about the kind of like sportsmanship of
politics in the competition but when we
stop and really look at the lives that
are at risk and people who are literally
dying because of what's happening around
the world the this is really bigger than
us and we have to remember that and
sometimes actually just told one of my
team members yesterday we were trying to
figure out how to had a word one of our
posts on social media and we were
getting kind of writer's block and I
said go back let's go back and let's
watch a video that inspires us and
reminds us why we're doing what we're
doing and we can never never forget that
so thank you for everything you do
thanks for your support and I hope I can
count on your vote
