recently Donald Trump claimed that he
has the ability as president of the
United States to pardoned himself if he
ever gets charged or convicted of a
crime now following that statement of
course the internet went crazy and
journalists wanted to know whether or
not that's possible and what the GOP
thinks of that so a reporter with The
Weekly Standard specifically reached out
to Ted Cruz her name is Haley Byrd and
the audio that you're about to listen to
is her question and Ted Cruz's awesome
non answer senator the president says he
can pardon himself would you agree with
that
that is not a constitutional issue I've
studied so I will withhold judgment at
this point he took 18 seconds to answer
there was a very long pause who knows
what was going through his mind
throughout that pause maybe um alarm
concern who knows well I could tell you
what was going through his mind which is
well what if he gets impeached and I
could run in 2020 but I've already
cooked myself to him so oh look such a
good point I keep forgetting about that
well can you really recover from a full
he's like 14 seconds in he's still got
time he's like oh right right
constitutional question I got it mmm
this is gonna be awkward
I'll just punt and say I don't know okay
and finally 18 incredibly long seconds
later yes now I'm gonna do something
shocking and something that would be
frowned upon by probably jr. and some
others here I'm gonna be fair to tell
you no all right so I was editing that
and what she couldn't hear through I
heard with my headphones there's the
sound of urine running down his leg to
the part where we're fair does trickle
down that happens in our guitar so look
he he was walking and so that happens
sometimes people shout out questions to
politicians and they don't answer them
and then he got asked the second time
and then he finally answers the question
but now I looked into it because I
wanted to see what was it just like a
drive-by right like work somebody comes
in throws you a question but you're
walking to your next meeting right no he
was in a media scrum that other
reporters explain so he's in a circle in
a situation where they normally do
answer the question he walked out of
that when he got that question and
walked and walked and walked until
somebody was like no wait a minute I was
a really good question and you ran away
so I'm gonna ask you again and the
Weekly Standard by the way is a
conservative publication not a
progressive one not even a mainstream
one I could serve it a one so it was a
very fair question and from his side of
the aisle and so he should have answered
it I'm just
the full context and it's good that
you're giving the full context because
it will help equip you for how you're
gonna respond or react to Ted Cruz's
reaction to the coverage of his weird
pause and non answer okay
so he started blaming everyone else for
how this is being covered
this is ridiculous he said as follows on
the question of whether the president
can pardon himself we're seeing an
abundance of knee-jerk partisanship and
dishonest journalism just answer the
question already for God's sake you're
on Twitter yeah a chance to look it up
so apparently there were 17 tweets about
this I'm only gonna read two of them to
you because we don't have time but the
other tweet that stood out to me said
the following some dishonest journalists
have attacked me for taking 18 seconds
to answer without acknowledging I was
walking through the Capitol late to a
meeting and simply ignoring a question
that a reporter had called out at me as
senators do every single day in the
Capitol okay so I actually found the
other 15 to be somewhat interesting but
only somewhat okay because he then
talked about the constitutional issues
surrounding a pardon how and and by the
way some of those tweets again this is
unprecedented second time I'm going to
be fair to Ted Cruz some of those tweets
I think understood the situation fairly
accurately that there's not a lot of
precedent on pardons because it doesn't
happen that often let alone someone
pardoning himself which almost never
happens so okay that would have been an
interesting answer but notice that he
spent 15 tweets after he had time to
think about it formulate a political
strategy that benefits Ted Cruz the most
to come out with that answer when he was
originally asked about it after the
famous 18 seconds he had said it's not a
constitutional issue I've studied so I
will withhold judgment at this point so
which one is it
are you a constitutional scholar on it
or are you no okay okay so now I'm gonna
defend him which is crazy
Rises insanity we got to stop the show
okay so the first part of this story
with the pause and then his answer I
thought that was fine right okay it's a
why do we why do people have to respond
immediately right I think
makes sense to be thoughtful in the way
you answer questions so I don't care
about the pause I think I do believe
that people are being too hard on him
about that and I think that his initial
answer was totally fine with that said I
think that his you know his tweets the
ones that you specifically mentioned are
also fine it's okay to question you know
what you really think about something do
a little investigating and then
formulate an opinion now of course his
opinion is going to benefit himself
politically speaking but again I think
that overall considering the person Ted
Cruz is and the things he's done in the
past this is not that big of a deal yeah
and so by the way how did he split that
baby in those tweets he explained like
well it might you know it might be a
little bit problematic but we don't have
enough precedent so I'm not sure that
the president couldn't do it
meaning if he does do it and gets in
trouble I could later point to one of
these 17 tweets and go see I told you
that's not a power he has or if he
doesn't and he doesn't get in trouble
and I continue to cook for him then I
can come back and say I told you that I
thought he could have maybe had kind of
done it right I've got both tweets in
here you see what I did he is a dirty
dirty politician and what he did was
smart yeah well what is politically
speaking it was smart I mean I guess
because he is trying to appeal the
Republicans and they just are not that
I'm gonna be very polite here they're
not that studied so if you'd follow
politics what he's doing is super
obvious and greasy as usual super greasy
right but if you don't I guess that they
mistake that for intelligence but I
don't even think that they're I don't
think they're evaluating the
intelligence or his strategy I think
what he is doing is strategic and that's
I don't know maybe my standards are just
low in this administration my favorite
part of Ted Cruz's strategic was when he
phonebank for Donald Trump two easy ways
for Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
