Corey Stewart is the GOP frontrunner in
Virginia's Senate race if he becomes the
Republican candidate he will run against
Tim Kaine now he's in the news because
not only is he the Republican
frontrunner he's also a huge supporter
of neo-nazis in fact recently he
supported a specific neo-nazi who his
name is nellen who has a history of
doing pretty disgusting deplorable
things but before I get to his biography
here is video of Corey Stewart
supporting him endorsing him you get the
picture we used to be here with one of
my favorite people in the whole wide
world Miss Elizabeth Short and one of my
personal heroes top Virginia but from
the great state of Wisconsin
there's no mailing a lot of courage and
you took on Ryan
much inspired by
now we need you to win Virginia we need
you to win in Virginia and they were all
going to keep we're all going to keep
the leadership in Congress accountable
the president Trump's agenda that's what
we're here for
yeah that's right so him nellen Paul
nellen saying that they're going to push
for Trump's agenda is probably the least
dirty thing that he's done or said yeah
and that says a lot about him I know but
that would be normal and for a
conservative that there's nothing wrong
with that if you're trying to get
appeals other conservatives but let me
tell you who he really is
nellen calls himself a pro pro white
Christian American candidate okay
last year nellen created a list of 81
Twitter accounts of which he claimed 74
our Jews know and blame them for helping
to sink his campaign against Paul Ryan
because of their hatred for America
first positions
he was also previously a favorite
Breitbart news candidate but he became
too toxic for even that website and
editor Joel Pollack wrote the candidate
went off the deep end adding that they
don't support him even Bannon had to
reject him and say we want nothing to do
with him now Corey Stewart also has a
history of saying things that seem white
supremacy ish so he is known for his
love of the Confederate statues and he
compared taking them down to Isis terror
attacks no he's he's a white supremacist
let's keep it real also his campaign
praised apparent neo-nazi in Phil
McDonald as their volunteer of the week
and he is also a deplorable person okay
so I won't turn a little bit more about
and I really do think his last name is
pronounced nailin and Nalin according to
Bannon
he said bana said Neil is dead to us
that's how extreme this guy's that
Bannon has to disavow himself as is and
explain and he used Stars of David to
identify it what he believed to be
Jewish NBC staffers so this guy's a
terrible terrible guy now so what I
looked at was wait a minute when Corey
Stewart was saying he's one of my
personal heroes had Nayland already done
anti-semitic things though and white
supremacist things that were very
obvious and it turns out he had he had
already run the Paul Ryan race the race
that that Stewart was actually referring
to and in the Paul Ryan race he had said
anti-semitic things and and been in
favor of white supremacy and so Corey
Stewart already knows that not only he's
not bothered by that but that's why he
calls him among I'm sure other
deplorable reasons one of his personal
heroes one of my personal heroes not
from Virginia but from the great state
of Wisconsin and he said he had a lot of
courage and took on speaker Ryan that's
the code words they use when they they
say oh you're just being politically
correct I have the courage to say what's
true blacks are inferior and the Jews
run the media but you're just being
politically correct you know I and I can
go on and out the things that they say
so now okay so you got one guy that you
knew had run an anti-semitic campaign
but you call him your hero then you got
the other guy that McDonald guy who
apparently this is Phil Ian Phil
McDonald his volunteer of the week whose
personal hero McDonald's was the founder
of the American Nazi Party George
Lincoln Rockwell when reporters
discovered that he didn't back down from
that he said McDonald did well I'm glad
at least I'm in your head now and you're
paying attention to me
so none of these people have been fired
as of right now right and this story's
been out for a little bit he had a
chance to do that and and consistently
Corey Stewart has said that he will not
back down on issues like this in fact
after the Charlottesville rally he
criticized other Republicans for being
soft and and apologizing for the rally
where a neo-nazi killed someone murdered
someone yeah ran over an anti-racist
protester now let me be clear Corey
Stewart is not some oddball candidate
who has no chance he is the current
leader in the Republican field to take
on Tim Kaine for a United States Senate
seat
and some of those Confederate statues
guys are first of all not some all of
them are of traitors and Corey Stewart
goes around proudly wrapping himself in
a confederate flag the flag on the
opposite side of that battle was the
American flag
so he's celebrating traitors second of
all some of those statues are of leaders
and founders of the Klan and he thinks
taking down statues of founders of the
Klan is the equivalent of an Isis terror
attack the reality is the Klan were the
terrorists they were the original
American terrorists we're their whole
mission by burning the cross by doing
those things and then actually following
through and lynching was to terrorize a
community and they did and this guy
still wants to celebrate them and he's
the leader in the Republican race in
Virginia for the United States Senate
this is how far our politics is sunk
yeah and also keep in mind that even
though you know Corey Stewart is the
only one who seems to be doing well he's
the front-runner in Virginia a white
nationalist are currently campaigning
for public office
so Trump has had an impact he has
emboldened and encouraged and inspired
these people to come forward and take
part in politics like this and to never
apologize no matter how atrocious their
views are or their supporters or their
workers views are so there's the sad
state of politics in America today two
easy ways follow Young Turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
