federal prosecutors have accused Paul
Manafort of violating the terms of his
bail and they are asking for him to go
back to jail as his trial continues and
the investigation continues now what
he's accused of is pretty serious the
federal prosecutors accused Trump's
former campaign chairman Paul Manafort
of attempting to tamper with witnesses
in his federal tax and money-laundering
case and there is evidence to prove that
that was happening
mana Ford tried to contact witnesses by
phone through an intermediary and
through an encrypted messaging program
he used whatsapp now the people that
does sound fancier when you say like an
encrypted message program I first read
that I was like wow that's pretty fancy
I wonder how you do that then later is
like whatsapp I'm like oh come on
right even I can do that it's pretty
amazing so the reason why there's
evidence of this is because the
individuals that man afford attempted to
contact went straight to the FBI and
gave them the text messages oops so two
witnesses provided the text to the FBI
which also searched mr. mana Ford's
cloud-based Apple account so of course
as soon as they were tipped off to these
text messages they went into mana Ford's
account they were able to find more
incriminating evidence two things about
that first of all the witnesses go to
mother and go what's that you know why
because they don't want to get caught up
in a federal investigation
yeah okay second of all you know that
sometimes people say I don't make a
federal case out of it man afford you're
in the middle of a federal case
literally you think that it's gonna slip
by the FBI while you're under
investigation and you're about to go to
trial you go into people and be like
oops by the way make sure you tell them
the same story I told him of course
they're gonna catch you you knucklehead
so let's talk about the story that he is
trying to get these individuals to share
as you know questions keep coming up
during this investigation so prosecutors
accused Manafort of trying to reach
members of the public relations firm who
could get word
to the Europeans and help shape their
story because remember this is all about
him
you know lobbying and doing work for
foreigners he didn't disclose that
information he also laundered a ton of
money allegedly so I'll give you an
example of what was communicated to
these Europeans they should say they're
lobbying and public relations work was
exclusively in Europe now the
allegations indicate that this work was
not exclusively in Europe that some of
this work took place in the United
States and that is criminal behavior so
two things I enjoyed about that of
course one was the way Anna read it now
remember to tell them it was in Europe
if it's in America that metaphor goes
away for maybe decades so when he says
that remember to tell him it was in
Europe the prosecutors can see that
that's clearly trying to tamper with a
witness I mean you're serving it up on a
silver platter form I love how this guy
thinks no no it's okay I'm sophisticated
oh really how are you gonna give us the
message they'll never figure it out
what's up but look to be fair whatsapp
is actually pretty secure no I know it
it's about realizing that everyone is
aware of this investigation everyone
knows how serious the FBI is about this
investigation and the idea that anyone
would play along with your dirty tricks
is ridiculous of course they're gonna go
back to the authorities to the FBI and
share this information they don't want
to be investigated they don't want to be
part of this so now what they did was
dirty dirty to begin with so maybe he
assumed that they'd be into it maybe I
don't know maybe it was his lack of
sophistication
like if metaphor reaches out to these
guys who've done shady stuff with them
and he's like guys don't worry I got
this out lock down we're going mission
impossible done done and he's hanging
you know right and they're expecting him
to be hanging from the ceiling and
they're like okay Paul what's your
planet one of them was when he was
trying to use an intermediary they're
like my friend P has a message for you
like why is anyone surprised okay so
remember he he went through all of this
you know risking his whew
risking his life for what for millions
of dollars right a lot of people would
maybe sign on to that but he used that
money to buy rugs Oh was it worth it was
it worth it kind of threw that money
away on a throw
that was my first interior design joke
ever ever okay
all right there's more there's more
another example of a message was we
should talk I have made clear they
worked in Europe okay all right
prosecutors working for the special
counsel say that he violated the terms
of manna forts release they asked a
federal judge to revise those terms or
sent him to jail until trial
now that is incredibly relevant first of
all he did violate the terms so it is
very likely very possible that he will
be sent back to jail now if he does get
sent back to jail there is more
likelihood that he will cooperate with
authorities with the investigation and
possibly give incriminating information
to these investigators in regard to
trump and that's why Trump right now is
panicking and in a story that will later
cover is now you know spouting off about
sessions again so this is all wonderful
and I look to be accurate here we we
don't know that mana Ford has
information on Trump look in terms of
the evidence that is publicly available
the allegations against mana Ford are
deep and significant it looks like he's
done so they've got him taking 18
million dollars from Russian oligarchs
and then that European team that we've
been alluding to the one he keeps trying
to communicate by hearing now remember
it was in Europe only right anyway
what he paid them to do is about two
million bucks according evaluations and
they were high-level diplomats and
influential people in Europe and they
did not seem ever connection to Ukraine
and he funnels that money and he says
now go and write and talk on TV and in
the papers about how great the Russian
linked government of Ukraine is at the
time back in 2012
so this is what we call the swamp and
this is why people get so upset at the
elites which they should because behind
the scenes there's this kind of
corruption going on where they go on TV
and it looks like oh my god they really
think that the Russian government
Russian link government back then of
Ukraine is a wonderful government and we
really shouldn't do you know we should
be on their side etc it turns out now
they're getting money too from mana for
from their friend P to say that now here
in America we're a little bit more
sophisticated we've like
institutionalized bribery so you just go
get a job with a giant company and then
they pay you like defense contractors
and then they send the former general as
being paid millions of dollars by
defense contractors to go on TV and go I
believe we should have a war I think it
is really important one general X
general McCaffrey famously said on NBC
I think the Abrams tank will solve this
issue in Iraq while he worked for a
defense contractor building the Abrams
tank I mean you barely need any
sophistication to pull that off and do
it legally which is what happened in
that case right but Paul Manafort lacks
any and all sophistication which is
unsurprising considering he was Trump's
campaign chairman you know like it all
makes sense it all makes sense so if
he's got info on Trump given that his
main co colleague Rick gates they gates
in Manta for work together for decades
Gates has already flipped he's already
taken a plea from Muller I pled guilty
and he's not giving them information
about Manta for mana fort is screwed to
high heaven okay name know what's
happened that's gonna save him okay so
but we don't know if mana Ford has
information about Trump its Trump be
Trump have a lot of shady deals with the
trucker with the Russians I've said it a
million times you guys know I think he
absolutely did I think that Trump's a
lifelong criminal but does mana Ford
have any of that evidence we don't yet
know he hasn't flipped so we'll we'll
see two easy ways to follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
