the Super Bowl champion Philadelphia
Eagles will not visit the White House on
Tuesday as planned after President Trump
said he disinvited the team because of a
disagreement over his call for NFL
players to stand for the national anthem
I think it's ironic to note that none of
the Philadelphia Eagles in during the
season last year had taken to me you had
some guys raise a fist so Trump
disinvited the Eagles based on his
initial false understanding that they
knelt in protest only to later correct
himself I wonder where he got this false
information from oh the only place he
goes to to validate his drivel Fox News
the Saint Fox News that once again has
been forced to put their tail between
the legs after they apologized for
suggesting that Eagles players who had
knelt in prayer were actually kneeling
during the anthem ball to spread their
right-wing propaganda about the NFL
protests responded by saying I feel like
you guys should be better than this well
exact me are you talking about the same
Fox News because I can safely say that
they are 1,000% not better than this
propaganda and Fox News go together like
my shameless selfies and political
captions and newsflash they are not
apologizing for doing it
they are apologizing because they got
caught this is all part of the shady
course they run that I would never play
at now while people argue over the
narrative and debate how many people
were actually going to turn up for the
White House shindig I'd rather focus on
the further proof that the president
looks to only one source for his news a
source that continuously manipulates and
perpetuates the false narrative for
their gullible viewers viewers like
Donald Trump so why even apologize for
this this is exactly what they do and
have done for years like when they
falsely reported that the corvex shooter
was a Moroccan Muslim and by the way
that video still remains on their
website with no retraction but the most
egregious example has been with the NFL
players protests over police brutality
whenever they can incite a little more
hatred they do whether it's a mass
shooting in Vegas so all those kneelers
in the NFL out there they need to
recognize they're kneeling and we're
supposed to be honoring law enforcement
Wow
did this guy just find a way to use the
mass shooting to pivot back to the NFL
arguments
Memorial Day remembrance video you
fought bravely to protect and defend all
of us even those who are too troubled to
stand for the flag in national anthem
Fox News has consistently manipulated
the narrative to push this false idea
that the NFL players hate the military
but oh look who eats it up Trump who
then spews it to his audience and
actually includes it in an official
White House statement regarding the
Eagles visit when you think about it's
actually petrified I mean it's an
example of how real-life fake news is
perceived by countless Americans as true
after it's being laundered and promoted
by President Trump Fox News says it from
believes it his base believes that
anyone who disagrees it's fake news then
whenever Trump says Fox repeats
and then this 70 plus year-old viewers
believe it all the more and if you
disagree fake news it's a never-ending
cycle that will continue to circulate
because Trump's fan base does not care
they just don't so you know what instead
of trying to convince them otherwise
where I'd probably have more luck
finding Melania at this point I feel
it's important to just highlight the
efforts from those Eagles players who
instead of attending the kissing of the
ring ceremony have said they intend to
do community work instead because at the
end of the day what this all comes down
to is the same thing ego Trump's ego is
hurt because another team didn't want to
come to his party the same with the
Warriors last year so I feel it's only
fitting for LeBron to take us home with
the goat of all tweets when this same
issue came about last year for no invite
going to White House was a great honor
until you showed up
follow me on Instagram at Francis and
Maxwell on Twitter also Francis and
Maxwell as always like and share the
video you can find the TYT app right
there
and as always continue to resist
