I like to me to movement it's way over
there I think the it doesn't mean I
agree with everything I still have some
questions about some of those savings
which have been made some questions like
investigating sexual harassment claims
from the past say oh I don't know that
maybe he committed that seems to be
where Bill Clinton doesn't agree with
the movement on Monday the former
president was asked if in 2018 the era
of the me tune movement he would have
handled the Monica Lewinsky scandal
differently if the facts are the same
today I wouldn't owe the facts Monica
Lewinsky recently wrote an op-ed about
some of these facts he was my boss he
was the most powerful man on the planet
he was 27 years my senior with enough
life experience know better he was at
the time at the pinnacle of his career
while I was in my first job out of
college
sounds like Bill is still struggling
with the fact that there was a pretty
major power discrepancy at play and
what's the fact that he abused that
power and took advantage of an intern I
think I did the right thing the right
thing really bill don't you think you
should apologize and maybe just maybe
show a little remorse that isn't a part
of some big politically motivated press
conference this was litigated 20 years
ago two-thirds of the American people
sided with me so close but no cigar
and yes that pun was intended bill is
using two of my favorite I'm an asshole
who preys on women tactics here first
the whole but that was forever ago
haven't you forgotten about it yet
maneuver classic you know probably
hasn't forgotten about it Monica
Lewinsky whose entire life was sidelined
and who had to be treated for PTSD
second the trumpian well the American
people already litigated this they sided
with me should be all pretty sure that's
not how litigation works but also the
majority of America voted for a serial
sexual harasser and rapist is that who
you really want to align yourself with
don't you think some justice needs to be
served and nobody believes that I got
out of that for free I left the White
House 16 million dollars in debt oh you
guys bill suffer to hashtag you to bill
you too he lost money so Monica
essentially losing her whole future and
any semblance of normalcy or privacy for
the
best of her life it's really just a drop
in the bucket we should feel sorry for
bill he was in debt no not indebted to
Monica for his misconduct which yes he
was too but he didn't have any monies
which he later made back and is now on
this fund book to her but that's not to
be confused with an apology to her and
he wants to make that very very clear
but you didn't apologize to her I have
not talked to her do you feel I thought
of her in Apollo I do I I I do not I
never talked to her but I did say
publicly on more than one occasion that
I was sorry he didn't even apologize to
her face
the me to movement has forced a lot of
Clinton supporters to rethink the former
president's actions and properly label
his behavior for what it was sexual
harassment
yet it doesn't appear that Clinton
himself has any sort of remorse or even
self-reflection about his actions yes 20
years ago but his actions nonetheless we
need to hold all a sexual harassment and
assault perpetrators accountable even if
they're on our side even if it's old
news and even if the majority of the
American people want to let it go
time's up on just letting it go be sure
to share this video follow me at Hannah
Cranston and as always thanks for
watching t YT
