Kevin Cooper is an african-american man
from California and he was hours away
from execution he had been convicted of
brutally stabbing four people to death
30 miles outside of Los Angeles in 1983
but Cooper always maintained his
innocence and the way the case played
out indicates that he might be telling
the truth
February 9 2004 was to be his last day
as a living man his proximity to death
became undeniable after being stripped
searched and dressed in new clothes to
die in prison guards examined Cooper's
arms for the best veins to administer
lethal injections but just hours before
he was set to be executed the United
States Supreme Court granted a stay of
execution
the warden abruptly put a stop to the
well-oiled machine of capital punishment
although the burden of proof in murder
trials requires guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt judges in the Ninth
Circuit had determined that there was
reason to believe that law enforcement
planted evidence that led to a wrongful
conviction before I get to the specific
evidence that was allegedly planted
consider the fact that sheriff Floyd
Tidwell who oversaw the investigation
was later convicted for stealing more
than 500 guns from the San Bernardino
County evidence rooms
unfortunately stories like these aren't
rare but what makes this particular case
of injustice stand out is that it didn't
take place in Alabama or Mississippi it
took place in California one of the most
liberal states in the country the
state's left-wing politicians like Jerry
Brown and Kamala Harris who consistently
say they believe in fighting for the
disadvantaged refused to conduct newly
available DNA testing to ensure the
right man had been convicted of the
crime Harris was the state's Attorney
General at the time and she had the most
power to do the right thing but she
refused this horrible story all started
on the morning of June 9th 1983 a man
named Bill Hughes arrived at home in
Chino Hills California where his 11 year
old son Christopher had spent the night
inside he found a horrifying murder
scene
Douglas and Peggy Ryan and their
ten-year-old daughter Jessica and his
own son were laying dead in pools of
their own blood their bodies had been
chopped sliced stabbed with a hatchet
knife and ice pick but there was one
person who managed to survive the
torturous attacks here's a photo of Josh
eight-year-old Josh Ryan the son of
Douglas and Peggy who survived despite a
giant wound in his throat he was the
only one who witnessed the culprits
hours after being discovered Josh told
social workers in the emergency room
that the murders were committed by three
or four white men but his testimony
changed throughout the trial and he
later believed that Cooper committed the
crime ninth Circuit Judge William a
Fletcher is convinced that Josh's memory
changed due to police influencing and
grooming him the judge said that
deputies misrepresented his
recollections and gradually shaped his
testimony so that it was consistent with
the prosecution's theory that there was
only one killer the evidence casting
doubt on Cooper's conviction continued
piling up several pieces of evidence
pointed to three white attackers rather
than one black culprits for instance
light-colored hairs were found in the
victims hands several witnesses claimed
that they had seen three white men in a
car resembling the station wagon that
was stolen from the Ryan's home the
night of the murders witnesses also said
they saw three disorderly white patients
of patrons at the Canyon Corral bar on
the evening of the killings the men were
wearing bloody clothing and were riding
in a car that many that many believe
could have been the Ryan's later two
bloody shirts were found nearby the bar
if what you're hearing isn't troubling
already just wait because things are
about to get worse according to the new
york times sheriff's deputies were
contacted by a woman named Diana Roper
whose boyfriend was a convicted murderer
and had recently been released from
prison she suspected that her own
boyfriend Lee was involved in the
killings Lee came home late on the night
of the killings with bloody cover
he was also driving in a station wagon
that resembled the one that was missing
from the Ryan's home Roper not only gave
deputies Lee's blood-drenched coveralls
but also told them that his hatchet
which resembled the ones in the attacks
was missing from his toolbox she said
that on the day of the murders she had
laid out a medium-sized tan fruit of the
Loom t-shirt with a pocket for Lee it
was identical to the one near by the
canyon Corral bar with the victim's
blood on it here's how Roper described
her boyfriend coming home on the night
of the murders Lee was wearing
long-sleeve coveralls splattered with
blood he did not have the beige t-shirt
Lee took the coveralls off and left them
on the floor of the closet a few days
later Lee had changed his appearance by
cutting most of his hair off and trimmed
his sideburns and his foo Manchu
mustache but instead of testing the
coveralls for Ryan's blood for the
Ryan's blood
deputy ferret federic Ecklie confessed
that he threw the evidence away and
pursued kevin cooper instead it was easy
to pin the crime on Cooper because he
had just escaped a minimum security
prison by walking through a fence his
hideout unfortunately was an empty house
only 125 yards away from the Ryan's home
to San Bernardino cops searched Cooper's
hideout one day after the victims bodies
had been found they didn't find any
evidence implicating him but all of a
sudden things began to change according
to the New York Times the Sheriff's
Office bungled the forensics so that 70
people trampled through the crime scene
a lab technician who found shoe print
evidence against Cooper was later fired
for stealing heroin from the evidence
room it turns out the same lab
technician had later planted evidence
against another man named William
Richards in a separate murder trial as a
result Richards was wrongfully convicted
and later exonerated the bloody shirt
that was found near the bar did test
positive for Cooper's blood but advanced
DNA testing later discovered that the
blood
preservative called EDTA in it which
suggests it cut it came from an evidence
room test tube ok just let that sink in
for one second the blood had a
preservative in it it came from a test
tube and this particular department had
issues with people planting evidence
considering the department's history of
tampering with and planting evidence
there are legitimate concerns that
Cooper was framed for a crime he did not
commit
but regardless Cooper was convicted of
the murders and he's still on death row
at San Quentin prison this type of
misconduct does happen and thanks to
activists like those who work tirelessly
at the Innocence Project many on death
row have been exonerated in fact 156
individuals have been exonerated from
death row that means that they've been
found to be innocent and released since
1973 all Cooper's lawyers asked for his
new touch DNA testing capable of
detecting microscopic residues of the
tan t-shirt the hatchet and the hairs
found in the victims hands the testing
could determine who wore the t-shirt
handle the hatchet and whom the hairs
came from but when Cooper asked Governor
Jerry Brown and Kamala Harris for help
they rejected him as I mentioned before
Harris was the Attorney General at the
time the New York Times reported that
she showed no interest in the case
but after The Times published a column
on this case Harris reached out and said
the following I feel awful about this as
a firm believer in DNA testing I hope
the governor and the state will allow
for such testing in the case of Kevin
Cooper I suppose her response is better
than nothing which is exactly what
Cooper received from Jerry Brown but it
seems as though most California
lawmakers didn't care much about
Cooper's life until their political
careers depended on caring the fact that
anyone could sleep at night knowing that
a man could be executed for a crime he
did not commit is a terrible reflection
on society the idea that our elected
officials and law enforcement would
either push for or be complicit in that
disguise
level of injustice demonstrates that our
justice system is fundamentally broken
people are seen as political capital for
our politicians whether they be liberals
or conservatives lives don't matter
unless saving one can jump-start or save
a political career
sheriff Tidwell the man who oversaw the
case and later got convicted of stealing
guns from evidence rooms got off with a
simple fine of $10,000 he didn't spend a
single day in prison for tampering with
evidence it's terrifying that the very
people who claim to protect and serve
are the very criminals we should be
watching out for
