Fox News is looking for solutions to
school shootings but rather than address
the issue of guns this person wants to
address how students can escape being
barricaded on campus so the solution is
water cannons take a look shootings are
something that are on all of our minds I
know it's on mine and I'm very committed
to searching scouring all over the
United States for the latest technology
that our military is using our special
operations that our students might
benefit from it's a water cannon now I
know it sounds like a lot of fun it gets
better
what is it used for ammo it has unique
ammo it uses water bottles as powerful
missiles once loaded into this cannon
they can punch through the walls to
layer walls brick walls rip through
metal rip through vehicles just using
water bottles as ammunition wait that's
not a water cannon it just happens to
use water bottles as projectiles as in
essence its bullets so they just I mean
it went through a brick wall so if you
fire that at anyone it will hurt them
massively so Fox News is just now I
guess in favor of cannons period I I
mean what am I supposed to say to that
she said that with a straight face like
yeah I got an idea
why don't we fight guns isn't that a
great idea I mean does she not consider
the fact that it might actually severely
injure or possibly even kill the
students who are barricaded in these
classrooms that's your solution that's
your solution
how does she say that with a straight
face it's unbelievable well if any of
their barricaded behind a brick wall why
not fire a cannon at it wait I thought
you were supposed to be protecting up if
you want to fight a bad guy with a gun
you just need a good guy with a water
cannon but again don't call it a water
cannon it doesn't fire water it fires
projectiles that have water happened
that water in him but they could have
anything in them I love I love the
distinction that she made she's like
it's like a water cannon but instead of
you know water it's water bottles like
okay so
it's just it's just such a nonsensical
idiotic way of responding to a real
crisis in the country but you know it
goes to prove what I told you guys would
eventually happen yet once you they
started saying you have an unlimited
right to guns because the Second
Amendment
well what would stop it says arms in the
Second Amendment what would stop the
next set of arms RPGs grenade launchers
and apparently cannons too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
