what were the happy half-hour web
exclusive content Jonathan Bennett's
here
he not only hosts Halloween wars but he
also has the burn cookbook cookbook in
stores now get it now that's just like
this right here the pumpkin and the book
is as a like just would be the moniker
of my life right now like Halloween wars
the book it's all the thing let's turn
it into something I can wear it's also
the reason why we jealous of him because
he's got some great stuff going on
you're really good lighting and that's
all I care about so I'm jealous of you
coming in here is amazing wow thank you
here's something else that's amazing
okay
moose turds yes christmas is just around
the corner you wondering what kind of
crap you're gonna buy for your family
why not buy an actual craft there is a
woman and her name is Mary winkin buck
she has a whole Etsy page in a company
called turdy Works where she makes art
out of moose poop and she puts little
googly eyes cuz why not why does she
have this whole thing she's a she's a
woman from Maine she says everyone takes
a crap everyone goes to the bathroom so
everyone can relate to that and the
terms that I used to name these products
are everyday terms that people are used
to hearing that's what she says first of
all would you buy people are you
interested in this moose moose doodoo
yeah I mean I would I would definitely
get someone a moose turd anything
because that's just funny I would do
100% I would do that what I'm really
concerned about what concerns me is
looking at the size of those turds I
always expected moose turds to be way
bigger giant like I wanted it to be like
each would be the size of this pumpkin
yeah and here they're like little rabbit
pellets like I thought it'd be like I'm
a I'm a moose it is insane to me like
that we don't that small a hundred
percent what's happening in their body
this is an ongoing thing on the happy
half-hour where there's certain animals
that have tiny poops why explain try to
explain to me know what it where where
are you coming from what do you think
well here's the thing is like I am my
Jim like this is weird at my gym my
friends that my trainers are these
massive guys right the my guys at
trimethyl
you know where they're just big dudes
and they eat so much of a protein and
they're always having to poem like how
many times you guys poop a day cuz like
oh the poop roll I'm like stop eating so
much that voice she put on is the voice
of a really dear friend of mine from
high school who did a he would play
football for Dartmouth yeah and we did a
prank once where he pooped in a thing
and I looked at it and I was like oh my
god massives are gonna be a lot of
protein and his poop was like this big
and he's he's probably a third of the
size of a moose and that a third and
moose what if moose is like Moses like
here the Moose is like I mean they're
like I'm rushing hi I'm a moose and I
poop nothing she's right by the way that
she names her her art after various
things that people hear about right then
the products are everyday terms such as
the poopoo platter right you would serve
food on who does she shall lack the
racial axis when they say I'm gonna
Schleck this out of it they literally
mean that goodish election out of it so
here's what's how she goes out she must
find it moose poop yeah and a lot of it
yeah like who exactly is she enclosing
the moose or is she like following
mooses like in camouflage is like gonna
give Oh totally following him no she's
from Maine you know she'd probably just
like walks out and just like oh hey and
just like like they're probably like you
know like squirrels in Central Park
Arbor yeah used to you yeah right boy
just walks right up she says like a
little blue bag like when you have a dog
inside out and like takes it home yes
100%
yeah she's the pupu platter here's
another thing it's called the
dingleberries this is for libraries do
not look like that mine aren't decorated
but you can decorate them you can
decorate them holy crap is another one
it's just essentially the dingleberry
with a halo made of a pipe cleaner and
then come is so gross I
kabobs featuring three turns on every
skewer with garlic shatter brand
zucchini mushrooms and sherry so I went
through her Facebook page which you
should absolutely go to for dirty workz
tird why there's a you in turn right
yeah but there's no I in team remember
that it's a good point
huh here is an actual interaction we
didn't make graphics for this but it's
amazing Rachel asks isn't it illegal to
mail actual feces assuming you would buy
this from her website I can't remember
who told me that but I'm sure I read
that somewhere someone responded to this
comment saying there's a company that
legit ship sweat dug in a fancy jewelry
box
not even shellacked like Mary czar or
whatever her name was it smells horrible
but it's still the best twenty dollars I
spend once every couple months for my
loved ones what you can just send dog to
someone as a prank I don't know best
gift ever ever what's the best Christmas
or Hanukkah gift you ever received
Merry Christmas oh yeah what what what
was the best gift you've ever received
not that's just like oh this is so dumb
it's good not a little that's so dumb
it's just anything you loved best thing
I got I want to say I got I remember one
time we got a little Train thing like
you could write a little train in my
house I don't know why what like you're
at the mall yeah it was like a little
like train guy I don't know my dad must
have had a good year what was the best
Christmas thing you got hands-down it
was a chia pet oh wow did you water it
totally watered it it worked it was
amazing I was obsessed with my chia pet
I would come home every day after school
look at it in the window to see how much
I've grown I was obsessed with it and it
was the pet it wasn't like that you know
it was like that no no it wasn't like
Trump was like a thing right it was like
like the nondescript animal one where
was just like four legs and like some
kind of face you know what I mean it's
like what is it it's a
no it's not right um but it was just I
love it a chia pet is the best gift and
I got the clapper oh my god oh oh hello
um oh yeah I got the clapper really yeah
I got it was a super clapper so it's
three on three off two on two off so we
just go around growing Chia Pets
clapping around my house my mom hated me
yeah um I don't hate you I think I'm
great I think you're great everyone
should watch Halloween wars on Food
Network's when is that on Sunday nights
at 9:00 only on Food Network and then
also by the burn cookbook available now
where books are sold or go to burn
cookbook calm or you can buy on Amazon
um wherever you want to go this stuff is
amazing you need to get this this is a
great gift and then also if you want to
get a pumpkin drunk that'll teach you
how yeah they used to do it down the
mountain no the best part about this
just right down the hatch 100% see you
next time with a happy half-hour she
like apps like me the best app out
there's the TYT + app and it's available
right now on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT comm /a PP o
app AP bad AP feet its app my bad
