Donald Trump took it upon himself to
share with the world that he believes
that he can pardon himself but that he
wouldn't need to pardon himself because
he hasn't done anything wrong in the
tweet he said as has been stated by
numerous legal scholars which it hasn't
I have the absolute right to pardon
myself but why would I do that when I
have done nothing wrong
I don't know Trump why would you do that
if you haven't done anything wrong
why would that thought even cross your
mind if you haven't done anything wrong
ah all right
the president's legal team argued in a
confidential January memo to Muller that
Trump could not have obstructed an FBI
probe into Russian interference in the
2016 election because as president he
has total control over all federal
investigations that was a story that was
reported by the New York Times and so
all this stuff is coming together and
all these concerns are now coming up in
regard to Trump pardoning himself if
Muller finds any damning evidence in
regard to Trump and Russian meddling and
obstruction of justice so let me get in
on that letter so the Trump's legal team
sends this letter back in January New
York Times finds out about an imprint an
article about it this weekend on
Saturday so in the letter they say what
Ana just read to you which means
basically if the president does it it
must be legal which is the exact
argument that Nixon used like look the
president is the chief law enforcement
officer I guess in a sense so he could
fire anyone he likes and he could stop
any investigation he likes and so if he
stops an investigation it must by
definition be legal because he's the
chief law chief law enforcement officer
so I had a little snippet from the
letter itself and you know this is the
most relevant part it said it remains
our position that the president's
actions here by virtue of his position
as the chief law enforcement officer
could neither constitutionally nor
legally constituted obstruction because
that would amount to him obstructing
himself and that he could if he wished
terminate the inquiry or even exercise
his power to pardon if he so desired so
that's an insane legal theory that
basically says the president
is above the law right he can do
anything he likes and then pardon
himself he could punch you in the face
in the pardon himself he could shoot
someone in the face and then pardoned
himself which by the way Giuliani later
made that claim on TV so he said how he
could just murder James Comey and
pardoned himself why would you say that
don't say things like that
right right so it's also not true in our
system of government the president is
not above the law no person is above the
law including the president who's
supposed to represent us he's not
supposed to be a dictators we bow down
to he's supposed to be our
representative our representative
doesn't get to break the laws anyway
that he likes that's not our system of
government so the argument that that
Giuliani specifically makes is that no
he can't he's the president he can't get
indicted even if he shoots Comey he
can't get indicted he can get impeached
and then he could get prosecuted but as
president he can't get indicted and I
think it's interesting that he makes
that distinction because to me and by
the way this is my read of it this is my
speculation I guess it kind of signals
that Republicans aren't gonna impeach
him so good luck you know so we could do
anything we like right you know or a
good signal and I can't tell with
Giuliani he is so bad at his job I
sometimes wonder if he's actually trying
to throw Trump under a bus right because
he's like well you couldn't beat him if
he pardon him something and you should
write oh okay I'm guaranteed that Trump
was not happy about that talk this Trump
knows what they all don't know which is
he did it so that's why he brings up a
pardon out of nowhere and by the way he
tweeted about that after Giuliani said
those things on TV and he goes in then
panic tweets well I could I don't have
to but I could give myself an absolute
pardon okay so in other words Giuliani
cool it with that talk about being
impeached because I could do it and look
guys one more thing about that before we
move on to the Republican reaction think
about it if it was you so let's say
you're the president and someone makes
an insane accusation against you totally
not true and you know it cuz you know
you didn't do it right let's make it
extreme they say oh you bestiality
you're like that's preposterous you know
you didn't do it right would you jump up
all of a sudden be like now I could
pardon myself for having sex with the
donkey I mean I didn't do it
but I could pardon myself you would
never say that right because you didn't
do it why would you even consider
pardoning yourself for something so
preposterous that you clearly did not do
you would only say I could pardon myself
I really could do it if you think maybe
you did it and then there's also this
very clear strategy of like defaming
anyone who's involved in the
investigation or characterizing them as
political opponents when in reality rod
Rosenstein and robert muller have been
lifelong republicans he keeps describing
them as Democrats on a witch-hunt know
they're Republicans and you you chose
rod Rosen Stein Rosenstein I mean
whatever you get what I mean
like it's just it's the most absurd
thing if you are innocent why are you
going out of your way to make it seem as
though these people who are Republicans
are actually Democrats on a witch-hunt
and you can't stop yourself from
tweeting all sorts of nonsense that
makes you look pretty damn guilty so now
the question is are they gonna do
anything about it because their writing
could lead to impeachment if you were to
pardon himself which is preposterous but
would it now a bunch of Republicans as
Anna's gonna tell you say that it would
ward hey they would be deeply concerned
all right well but it depends I'll tell
you what it depends on but first let's
give you their quotes all right let's
hear from a representative will heard he
says I think that it would be a terrible
move meaning if Trump pardoned himself I
think people would erupt I think even I
think even thinking about trying to fire
Muller is a bad move politically so he's
a a deep right winger in in Texas he's a
Republican through and through saying
don't do it witch-hunt Democratic
witch-hunt okay he also continued to say
that would create outrage on both sides
of the political aisle no wouldn't but
that's okay that's okay I like it he's
saying it is wrong but that's okay House
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy says the
president is not saying he is going to
pardon himself so he's kind of in denial
about it yeah of course because if he
says yeah yeah I think the president can
pardoned himself then a Democratic
president coming
do anything they want and just pardon
themselves so it's just just counter to
our democracy so they can't sanction it
on the other hand they don't want to
criticize his Trump cuz Kevin McCarthy
wants to be the next Speaker of the
House that would kill his chances if he
ever criticized Trump so he's like yeah
that's okay I don't have to answer that
because he's not gonna pardon himself
then why did he just tweet like a maniac
this morning saying I could pardon
myself in other words he's definitely
thinking about it and the rest of his
quote was but I don't think the
president should pardon himself yeah so
look and then Steve Schmidt went off on
him he's a GOP strategist but that's not
that surprising he's a guy who never
liked Trump in the first place and it's
a type and many times before
Schmidt was a huge part of John McCain's
campaign so there are plenty of
Republicans opposed to John Trump plenty
of Republicans who agree with Donald
Trump on on their policies but god no
this is a bridge too far we basically
you know burned the democracy down if we
let the president just break any law he
likes having said that if he were to
fire Muller now pardon all of his
cronies including himself I would be
shocked if the Republicans impeached him
right shocked I totally agree his his
his poll numbers have been improving yes
they have been improving and it could be
a risky move politically speaking to
attempt to impeach Trump when he's doing
slightly better in the polls and I say
slightly better because if you look at
the grand scheme of things and if you
look at the context his poll numbers
still aren't great compared to other
presidents but they're improving meaning
that it would be politically risky for
the GOP to speak out against him to
aggressively or to attempt to impeach
him all right so a couple more things
about him one he's in the low to mid 40s
now which is terrible for any other
president if you're under 50% you're in
trouble
but for him it's a vast improvement he
said I've never seen 42% before I'm so
psyched so the other Republicans are
like yes oh thank God he finally got
into the 40s okay so that's the context
but he is in that sense surging he why
by the way he takes credit for the
economy the law unemployment etc you see
the charts the unemployment is going
straight down under
it continues under trumpet as I see it
was me it's preposterous totally
preposterous but the manga guys they
only need this much evidence they're
good enough right
anyway it's okay it's okay so the
important part is the political context
here if later if trump blows up the
markets which he probably will in the
economy which he probably will because
he's too incompetent and it's closer to
the midterm elections and the
Republicans are not polling well then
they might impeach but today with his
poll numbers stabilizing and the
Republicans still in the middle of
primaries we've gotten glad he doesn't
he's not doing it but this is the time
where he would get away with and you
think the Democrats could effectively
take him down now no matter what he did
these Democrats inconceivable too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
