Israeli Defense Forces shot a 21 year
old medic and this story is getting
quite a bit of attention because of the
fact that she was medic who was clearly
wearing a vest that medics wear and she
was assisting protesters who had been
wounded because of their protests near
the Gaza border
her name is rosin al-najjar and this
story is difficult to even report we're
about to show you a video of who she was
and what she believed in just a moment
but to give you some more context into
this story
Amna jars death comes after weeks of
protests Palestinian protest to be
specific known as the great march of
return during which more than 100 100
111 to be specific Palestinian
protesters have been killed by Israeli
fire now she was shot by a sniper and
she is the second medic to die as a
result of these protests and Israeli
forces targeting the protesters people
were suffering from the tear gas a man
was right near the fence and was calling
out come help me come help me he was
close to the fence Rosen went to help
him that's according to a nurse and a
friend of reasons
now her mother spoke to the media about
this and the quotes are just
heartbreaking she said the following I
was afraid for her but rose on told us
that she wasn't afraid she felt obliged
to help and was clearly wearing a
medical vest and she was also quoted as
saying I'm protected by my vest god is
with me
I'm not afraid it turned out neither one
of those are true so with that said the
next video for me personally it was
difficult to watch but I want to share
you know who Rosen was with our audience
and when we come back from the video I'm
going to tell you how this is not an
accident and the Israeli Defense Forces
are doing it on purpose
and I have overwhelming proof of that
dominance any
my limo coverage everything I get this
happen I love it usually anybody never
covered her down there are two below
sleeping with Nash this a Lou Bava
benteke top map doctor at work how can
an event after her fever and have to get
the me she and San in love Noel I'm not
what honey honey
okay come on Benito Susan el-medina
mentor dr. finished Emma bacillus
tamela's in Urbana was banana no but the
ship cabana Vera to beach cabanas banana
the National nabuwa doctor mean a year
Raja
Yoko Elena Metallica the coalesced
agility huh oh well
Delmas effortless parallel one Hank I
you sure - yeah so I hear from those in
the right wing that they are looking to
liberate women in in the Muslim world
well she seemed liberated and she wanted
more liberation for her people she
wanted to be strong and and do it in the
right way peaceful protests and help the
people who are suffering and that's why
she's a medic and so what's the proof
over 200 medical professionals have been
injured by Israeli attacks mainly sniper
fire using the Israeli Defense Forces
are that bad they accidentally shot 200
medics know they see their vests and
their vests are very clear the second
medic who died on the same day there's a
really powerful interview for Democracy
Now about it in fact we'll try to find
it for you and put it in the description
box below if you're watching anywhere
the YouTube or Facebook later okay if
you're watching live go look it up so
Amy Goodman interviewed as a doctor who
also got shot on that same day and he's
heartbroken because he thinks he might
have been able to save that medic if he
hadn't been shot earlier and in that
case there are hundreds of yards away
from the border and he thought well I'm
a doctor and I'm safe and I'm from the
West right and we've got all these
people that are clearly medical they go
into the field holding up their medical
ID with their medical vests and their
hands up in the air so the Israeli
Defense Forces the sniper said can
clearly see who they are by the way it's
snipers shooting them if they were a
real danger would they have to have
snipers know they have the snipers that
shoot these medical professionals
oftentimes from hundreds of yards away
that's several football fields they're
not those soldiers are not in danger
from these medical professionals they're
shooting them and sometimes executing
them and part of the reason is now this
is that those are facts my guess as to
why is to intimidate them don't go
anywhere near here don't even think
about protesting our iron-fisted rule
and occupation of you understand that
you live in a prison and you will never
represent yourself and if you try to
just help your fellow man who's been
injured in the protest will still kill
you so also keep in mind that oftentimes
when you hear about casualties on the
Palestinian side the argument that you
hear from the Israeli government is that
they pose a risk they have weapons they
have armed kites that they they fly in
you know across the border that could
injure anyone kite on fire
I know but okay what a joke so in this
case though you were talking about a
medic who has no weapon she is literally
there to provide some medical help or a
response to those who have been injured
as a result of the aggression on the
Israeli side right so she sees people
that are injured she wants to help them
out she's essentially a first responder
in many cases and you're right Jake they
do approach with their medic ID in hand
to make it clear I am a medic I'm not
here to cause any problems I'm here to
help my people and also medical supplies
and medical help in Gaza it's just not
easy to come come by right and so she's
not doing this for money as she
mentioned in that video she's putting
her life at risk and the thing that
really stood out to me in that video
where she's talking to the media was you
know just she's young and I'm sure she's
seen
brutality and and how cruel humans can
be but she still believed that hey if
I'm a medic and I don't pose a risk no
one's gonna target me I'm safe my best
will protect me you know what the irony
of that is is that they actually assumed
more faith in Israel than was warranted
they thought the Israelis won't shoot
the doctors well you were wrong they did
and they keep on shooting them the the
interview I'm referring to from Amy
Goodman is is from earlier now this is
happening again this weekend in fact the
Rami Abu jiz are another medical
professional and he showed up to defend
her in crutches why he was also shot
their mass shooting of medical
professionals by the Israeli Defense
Forces and then and then Fox News comes
on here and in America and goes hagseth
said I mean are they really are the
children it cuz children are also killed
he said the children are they really
innocent F F like that cuz they don't
care I mean I mean look at the
preposterous things that they make up to
make it seem like it's a real threat
kite is not a code term it's not a drone
it's not a newly designed thing it's an
actual kite like kids fly they've got
almost no weapons on the other side
every once in a while the right wing
both here in it and Israel will say some
of them have rocks that they put into a
sling like David against Goliath oops I
didn't mean that part let and then they
try to reach it to a fence that's 700
yards away seven football fields away so
we had to have our snipers execute them
and by the way the guys with the stones
are tiny minority most of them are forty
thousand protesters showed up in their
earlier protests almost all civilians
and the people that were killed and
wounded almost all civilians yes there
was some few people that threw rocks and
burnt tires how feckless how ridiculous
and we say all the time they shouldn't
do that
because there's just it doesn't help
anything it takes you away whatever
moral
i ground you have when you do any act of
violence I know what however tiny it is
right
don't give them any excuses but it
doesn't matter they don't need excuses
because they're shooting the doctor so I
actually want to respond to that because
I couldn't understand why these protests
some of the protesters would put their
lives at risk to cross the border right
knowing that you have Israeli snipers
ready to shoot you at any moment
and I heard this incredible interview
with one Palestinian protester who said
look I was born in Palestine I was born
in Gaza I have never left Gaza because
I'm not able to leave Gaza I am locked
in Gaza and so the idea of crossing the
border even for a second is a small
victory even if I lose my life it's a
small victory I mean think about what
your life must be like if you're willing
to die just to cross a border into a
different part of the country if you
live in Israel or you're a supporter of
Israel anywhere you really think it
helps Israel to shoot doctors and nurses
in cold blood to have your snipers shoot
them I got if my country did that I
would be more defined and I would fight
with every fiber of my being against
that in fact my country America does
support that and I fight against it any
decent person would say for God's sake
not only because you care about the
morality of the situation in the
humanity of Palestinians or fellow human
beings but because you care about Israel
for the rest of the world to see you as
these people who shoot doctors and
nurses at a mass scale how does that
help Israel
it's a terrible blight on Israel's
record do what it was originally
intended to do if you if you think the
original idea of the people who came
there and and people get into endless
fights about their original intent but
do you really think they would regional
intent as they were escaping the
Holocaust was to start an open-air
prison where they would occupy other
people millions of them for decades on
end
that was not their intent their intent
was to be free but the Occupy
it has both imprisoned the Palestinians
and the Israelis two easy ways for the
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
