the Supreme Court has handed down its
decision in a controversial case
involving a bakery that refused to make
a wedding cake for a gay couple in
Colorado this story has to do with
Charlie Craig and David Mullins the gay
couple that wanted to get married they
went to masterpiece cake in Denver which
is owned by Jack Phillips Jack Phillips
denied them a cake because of his
sincerely held religious beliefs and how
he opposes same-sex marriage now this
case went through appeals and finally
ended up in the Supreme Court and in a
72 decision written by Justice Anthony
Kennedy the court said the Colorado
Civil Rights Commission violated the
Free Exercise Clause of the Constitution
when it ruled that Jack Phillips had
broken the state's public accommodations
law in refusing to make a couple a
custom cake so essentially the Supreme
Court sided with the bakery however this
is not to set precedent for future cases
involving businesses that does deny
services to same-sex couples this case
is very specific the details of this
case are very specific and the Supreme
Court made it clear that the ruling
really impacts this specific case so let
me explain a little further
normally Supreme Court rules on
something it is precedent that affects
that entire area of law in this case
they specifically said it does not and
we're just ruling on this particular
case based on what Colorado did in
regards to their state ruling and well
it's not to say that you can
discriminate against gays in America in
Colorado or anywhere else and Kennedy
explained you cannot it's like denying
blacks a seat at a diner table right now
those parts are clear it's only about
this case and you theoretically cannot
discriminate against gay Americans okay
the problem is there is a confusing part
it's the part aunt I just read you
saying well you can't discriminate
against a sincerely held religious
police because that also violates
Constitution the problem is those things
are going to be in conflict a lot they
are you're absolutely right you're
absolutely right and and what the
Supreme Court justices in this ruling
had an issue with was that the the state
of Colorado appeared to be quite hostile
toward toward the Baker right and and
his religious beliefs and by being
hostile you are doing something
unconstitutional right so that was their
ruling it that was their ruling okay so
let me give you more so this is Anthony
Kennedy's writing he says the laws and
the Constitution can and in some
instances must protect gay persons and
couples in the exercise of their civil
rights but religious and philosophical
objections to same-sex marriage are
protected views and in some instances
protected forms of expression the law
must be applied in a manner neutral
toward religion and so the majority
ruling essentially said there wasn't
really a neutral reaction or treatment
toward the religion it was too hostile
toward the religion okay but I know it's
that also doesn't make any sense look
it's a tough case it really is and I'm
not and so I'm not saying in a knee-jerk
way the liberal position is the correct
one because I take the Constitution very
seriously and we cannot prohibit the
free exercise of religion that's in the
First Amendment and very important and
very clear so the problem is a lot of
people have sincerely held religious
beliefs that would discriminate against
others so now we can't allow the
discrimination that's also in the
Constitution so I don't blame the
Supreme Court for punting in a sense
because it's nearly impossible to thread
that needle but they have got to make a
decision and this wasn't it this is just
saying oh we're gonna rule on the
Colorado case but don't let it apply to
anything else well then everybody else
is still in a state of flux and
confusion as to what laws they can pass
an and enforce so let me be clear about
the sincerely held religious believes
and I think this Baker in particularly
he is sincere so he also does not allow
Bay a he does not bake cakes
have alcohol in it because of his
beliefs or baked cakes related to
Halloween and he closes shop on Sunday
so he's definitely sincere okay and I
don't even think that did this a case
where a guy just hates gay people wants
to use it as an excuse
he's religious as an excuse which
happens often but not in this case
because the guy also does hates
Halloween okay so easy 'the really
believes it whether you agree with him
or not and it's important to protect
those beliefs but it also has slavery in
the Bible and in almost all the
religious texts so that was also
sincerely held religious belief in
America the blacks were inferior and
there's a whole story about how one
particular bad guy in the Bible is was
darker complexion and that's why it was
okayed in and there's slavery's clearly
allowed in the Bible and so that's why
it was okay to enslave black people that
was a silly just believed by a majority
of the country in America so and that's
what led to slavery
so now Colorado talked about that and
then Kennedy and other justices were
like how dare you talk about that you're
discriminating against religion but wait
a minute that was true though it was
true so that's where I have an issue
because I agree that elected officials
the government cannot be you know
hostile to religion right that is
unconstitutional I agree with that but
in this case I feel like it was so
subjective because the arguments that
were made in the lower courts in favor
of the gay couple right they yes they
mentioned interracial marriage and
things like that and how you can't
discriminate based on your religion
against interracial marriage married
couples okay but that that is a fact so
how do you make those arguments without
coming off hostile to a particular
religion and that's exactly my point now
it's easy for me to say this because I'm
agnostic I don't believe in any other
religions but your religion whether
you're by the way Christian Jewish or
Muslim is hostile to gay people it is
that's right it now it's also hostile to
shrimp eaters but you don't you ignore
that part right so and and look the
Mormon Church did not allow for black
clergy and active
discriminated against black Americans
until 1978 and that was a sincerely held
religious belief they thought that black
people were not the same as white people
according to their religion that
conveniently they're having to change
their religion because they wanted to
get along with the rest of the country
but that was a sincerely held religious
belief so were we supposed to say that
said separate water fountains in Utah
separate schools in Utah so look my
answer is I think making sure that every
American has equal protection under the
law is more important than saying every
tenet of your religion including the
ones that are discriminatory must be
enforced by the government now where I
would draw important line though is we
cannot discriminate between the
religions so you can't say well Muslims
don't like gays so we're not gonna allow
that but the Christians who don't like
gays we're gonna allow that you can't do
that right so you can't discriminate
between Mormons Muslims Christians
atheists agnostics etc because that
would also be unconstitutional because
that would be unconstitutional but if
your religion demands that you not treat
people equally well sorry we live in a
secular country right so as long as
we're not discriminating between
religions I think we are allowed to say
no equal protection under the law and
unfortunately this case didn't quite get
there right and and I'm sure that
similar situations will come up in the
future and this is why it's so important
to keep in mind who you are who you're
electing as president because Neil
Gorsuch of course joined the majority
opinion on this case now let's get to a
fun component of this story so Donald
Trump jr. did not like the way the
headlines were written in regard to this
story even though the outcome was
something that he favored was in favor
of now he tweeted the following I am
reading about the 72 vote pretty sure
that's not narrowly at least to dem
leading justices have agreed um okay so
the way that the headlines are written
indicate that this was a narrow decision
and what they mean by narrow decision is
not oh you know there was like a
tiebreaker in the Supreme Court no it
means that this particular ruling
applies to this very specific case
that's what it means now look I went to
law school so I know what a narrow
decision means it is particular to that
case and it's not precedent overall
Donald Trump jr.
of course in your law school but but you
know is it too much to ask for you to
read the article before you tweet about
it yes I guess it is because you
obviously don't know what narrow means
in this context didn't bother to find
out very Trumpy interview and says to
democratic leading justice must have
voted with a majority well you could
just read the article and find out that
they did right but you could tell in his
must-haves that he didn't bother reading
it so then take two minutes to read the
article so you don't look like an idiot
no but for me the thing that stands out
is something that's common among just
the Trump supporters everyone in the
Trump administration like even when they
get what they want they're ready to
pounce like they're always angry and
they're always ready to attack you won
this is a ruling that you're in favor of
like nope you got to get triggered and
if you're a conservative you always have
to be the victim to easy ways for young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
