all right finally Trump and his team
have at least admitted one lie which is
that he wrote the response to the Donald
Trump jr. Trump Tower meeting so let me
break it all down for you okay so during
the campaign this is the famous meeting
where Donald Trump you tear a man apart
and kushnir go meet with a Russian
lawyer that the emails told him was
connected the Russian government and
think he's got information about Hillary
Clinton this is the one where Donald
Trump jr. says love it can't wait to
meet with her and get that information
so now when that news broke they put out
a statement about that Trump Tower
meeting now there's two different lines
that lie within the statement and the
lie about who wrote the statement so
first this the one they're meeting is
about who wrote it so when it first came
out they said Donald Trump the president
know he had nothing to do with writing
that at all reports saying that he
helped to write that or dictated that
response are not true Jay Sekulow one of
his lawyers went out and said that that
report was misinformed and inaccurate
later Sarah Huckabee Sanders changed it
to well Trump might have participated in
it but didn't dictate it well now this
weekend they finally come out and said
yeah Donald Trump wrote it he dictated
it and it's obvious that Muller has
someone in the meeting that had clear
testimony that was going to say that
Trump had written the letter and
dictated it so they finally changed it
so that they're not committing perjury
if Trump ever has to testify right so
one of my favorite things of all time
was Rudy Giuliani this weekend when
asked about it said well I mean this is
why we don't want him to testify because
why a sentence should logically end with
because he lies all the time right no he
said we don't want
because our recollections are changing
all the time
that's a great way of putting it yeah
you're regulation changes when we find
out that were initially lying about it
now we can prove right so should your
regulation a bit better Batman when you
first wrote that reaction in the first
place no back then you actually had the
biggest line now you finally admit the
truth and that's because your
recollection didn't change the evidence
we got on you changed now finally to go
back to the lie within the letter so
they claimed this meeting that Donald
Trump jr. man afford Kushner the whole
campaign had with the Russians of course
that's preposterous the adoptions with
was the the retaliation of the Russia's
dead for the sanctions we did on their
oligarchs the sanctions we did on their
oligarch system everything to do with
the heart of this case which is the
collusion and then of course later
obstruction of justice so they still
haven't admitted they realized that they
can't keep up that adoption lie anymore
because we got drunk juniors emails that
clearly showed that it was not just
about adoption so now that lies been
disproven they can't of course say that
they actually received their information
and to be fair we don't yet know it has
not yet been conclusively proven that
they the the Trump administration
campaign at the time the Trump campaign
took to information from the Russians
and used it right they were offered the
information they were super psyched
about being offered the information we
know all of that whether they actually
took it and used it as a different
matter that has not been proven yet but
it has been proven that the meeting was
not just about adoptions total lie and
it has been proven that the statement
that had that line it was in fact
dictated by the president so that's what
they admitted over the weekend and at
least we know that for now and on
everything else you never know what the
reality is because their recollections
are constantly changing you never know
what they're gonna realize yeah
yet it turns out that was a lie too now
that you got evidence on it our
recollection on it changed so that's
what happened this weekend so
