a congressional candidate from the state
of Virginia has openly admitted that he
was running a website that supported the
notion of legalizing pedophilia raping
wives and all sorts of things that you
wouldn't imagine someone would publicly
support his name is Nathan Larson and I
am going to give you some of the details
of what he included what he himself
contributed to these websites when asked
whether he's a pedophile or just writes
about pedophilia he said quote it's a
mix of both when people go over the top
there's a grain of truth to what they
say so when I read you some of the
things that he himself had posted on
that website just understand that he
himself says that there is a grain of
truth to what he's writing even if it
sounds like it's over the top or even if
it is over the top
all right so these websites have been
taken down and Huffington Post broke
this story and they investigated those
websites and tied it back to this
congressional candidate let me give you
some of the other disgusting things that
we've learned he told The Huffington
Post a lot of people are tired of
political correctness and being
constrained by it
people prefer when there is an outsider
who doesn't have anything to lose and is
willing to say what's on a lot of
people's minds so he is thinking of
himself as this anti-establishment
candidate that most people or a lot of
people can relate to but they're too
afraid to you know represent themselves
in this way out in the open
asked whether there was a grain of truth
in his essay about father-daughter
incest and another about raping his
ex-wife repeatedly he said yes offering
that plenty of women have rape fantasies
let me read one more and then we'll open
it up to the panel his platform as a
quasi neo reactionary Libertarian
candidate includes protecting gun
ownership rights establishing free trade
and protecting benevolent white
supremacy as well as legalizing
incestuous marriage and child
pornography he also believes that Adolf
Hitler was a hero so now look this hero
all right wingers of course not and he's
running as an independent although
obviously very very right-wing and so he
doesn't represent all Republicans either
but unfortunately this era has given
permission to some people to do and say
outrageous things he said a lot of
people who disagreed with someone like
Trump might vote for them anyway just
because the establishment doesn't like
them so that's his plan he's like I'm
not going to be politically correct I'm
gonna tell you that I want to have sex
with children and you guys voted for
Trump because you hated the
establishment so much so you might vote
for me that's what he's saying so now
when you think I mean all the things
that Anna said he can't possibly get
worse right I mean it says it's almost
as bad as you can imagine no it gets
worse so he is in favor of child rape
and he thinks that you should adopt kids
so that you could rate that that's
exactly that's exactly what he said and
these are these are quotes that he gave
to Huffington Post they were
interviewing him these are things he
said he said we need to switch to a
system that classifies women as property
initially of their fathers and later of
their husbands he also showed sympathy
for men who identify as involuntary
celibates or in cells suggesting it is
unfair that they are forced to pay taxes
for schools welfare and other support
for other men's children and at one
point he compares women to animals
literally women's animals and he says
something about how well women still
have it better than animals because at
least they get to procreate yeah he said
women are objects to be taken care of by
men like any other property female sex
slaves actually get a much better deal
than animals because in most cases
they're allowed to reproduce unlike
animals raised for meat or companionship
and and so that is also part of a larger
symptom here now he's the most extreme
end of it I get that and not everybody
not even all the insults think like this
and they've got their own issues
obviously but we live in an era where he
feels empowered to put this out there
and thinks hey I got a shot because
there's a lot of people who apparently
do agree with me
now come out of the closet he says why
doesn't every pedo just focus on making
money so they can get a pedo wife and
then either impregnate her with some F
toys or adopt some F toys that's what he
calls kids F toys okay
and he said the adoption process lets
you pick a boy or a girl and if all that
wasn't bad enough he's got a
three-year-old daughter yeah something
that you said that I think is so
important is that like he felt
comfortable saying this stuff out loud
and where does that come from
with this started with we have a
president who felt comfortable miked up
saying that he likes to grab women by
their vagina and a lot of people took it
it's oh it's a joke in Alabama there
were so many people saying 14 year olds
were probably asking for it or being
flirtatious or being fast and it's of
course you can't say this is the same as
this is the same it's all bad and he
felt like it's not the worst thing isn't
gonna happen to him if he felt if he
said this out loud no but not only that
sorry made them he thinks it's actually
a smart political strategy right right
like it worked for Trump why wouldn't it
work for me so I don't know I mean all
of a sudden all these demons and all
these terrible people think it's awesome
to come out and show the world who they
really are I guess that's a good thing
in terms of transparency at least we
know who is dangerous and we should look
out for but at the same time it's it's
really depressing to know that this kind
of thought process goes through anyone's
mind right and the fact that this is
being interpreted as a tactic or not
just a tactic but this is interpreted as
behavior wherein people are
truth-telling and we are the fearless
truth tellers like Trump like forty five
was the fearless truth teller so that's
the most disheartening thing about this
story I mean there's so many
disheartening things
like I was telling Jenk I didn't want to
know so much about the lingo and the
culture in the conversation within this
Peto in insell I guess it's called
community I will say I will bring up
some good things about the story one is
that he's not gonna win it's clearly not
gonna win
he has dredged up some of the sewer
sewage in our nation and the second
thing which I
really proud of the USA Today I mean we
knock a lot of mainstream publication
they outright called him a pedophile and
white supremacist and so thankfully we
are naming it in some regard was very
brave yeah yeah no for sure and I was I
was surprised I was the last thing I'll
say though is that this is part of the
philosophy in libertarianism influenced
by ein Rand who wrote at the Shrugged
and The Fountainhead this idea of
selfish desires guiding your politics I
know I'm oversimplifying it so for folks
who are libertarians I'm not saying all
libertarians think this way but the ones
that are motivated by these really
gruesome desires of rape and and
conditioning it as if it is normal as if
it is there's nothing wrong with it as
if there is a community so it's okay
it's justifiable that sort of stuff
does come from this woman's literature
and her revival around it and also thank
you John
Oliver for talking about how gruesome
her the kind of political philosophies
that her books have produced yeah so a
couple things so the insult community is
different than the PTO's pedos where
were you can call him and if I didn't
know there was an overlap but apparently
there's an overlap in in some areas and
yeah I know look if you have not had sex
and you're bummed about it welcome to
the world right so that happens that
happens for literally almost every guy
in the world at some point right it's
another thing to take that to an extreme
and a lot of people read these blogs
people participated in these blogs and
his blogs were that crossover of
insanity so he you know he talked about
raping the kids and people like yeah go
get him etc he talked about at the end
he's like well look I'm not I'm kind of
an in cell but it doesn't really count
because I keep raping my ex-wife his
ex-wife eventually got a protective
order against them and don't worry they
took his daughter away and his wife won
on that issue I would imagine easily in
court that she by the way has passed
away so the three-year-old is with other
family now and hope
we'll never see him again I hope I hope
I hope and and but now to the the in
like the the part of the in cell
community I don't know I feel weird
calling them a community that is filled
with anger and hatred against women he
spoke to that and he said don't forget
feminism is the problem and rape is the
solution
he compared women to animals which I was
my first thought was oh I he compared
humans to animals where have I heard
that before yeah yeah so this is look
it's the most extreme part of it I hope
I hope it doesn't get worse than this I
you know I always say this barrow for
right-wingers is spiral doesn't have a
bottom I think we found it I think this
is the bottom I literally cannot imagine
or it could be lower than this one more
of his quotes that that he voluntarily
gave in race well this this was actually
from one of the websites this was
something that he had posted he said and
again let's just reiterate he does not
have custody of his daughter thankfully
he said I just want to bang my daughter
actually but even if it were legal I'm
not sure it would happen since I don't
have custody after sex with kids is
legalized parents or other guardians
will still be gatekeepers to some extent
and a lot of them will want to bang
their own kids and not share with others
I just it's we know that pedophilia
exists it's just I don't know even
through everything that we've talked
about on this show over the years I just
was I guess still naive and didn't think
that people this bad existed but he was
I'm excited about the are Kelly stories
that are gonna be coming out because I
think we're gonna have to face this
conversation on a national level in
terms of is are there limits and
conversation that we need to have in
terms of I think we did a story we were
about to do a story about mandatory
minimum ages for marriage which not all
states have right at all
yeah and so look Trump obviously
famously said they're good people on
both sides not referring to in cells or
pedophilia but about Charlottesville
but that was the extreme right wing and
and they were
doing Nazi chants about you know getting
rid of the Jews in the middle of America
in Charlottesville Virginia and so now
this guy is a candidate in
Charlottesville Virginia
and and he says hold my beer I can do
better and so as as we've gotten to this
point I hope this is the end I hope that
the pendulum starts to swing back but
there is a certain insanity that has
been encouraged in this country and it
is clearly coming from one side and and
I don't know if there are any
responsible people left on that side
it's easy to condemn this guy and say
he's not one of us super easy to do that
but are you going around and saying no
all the people who say that hey when
there's other forms of hate speech hey
it's just political correctness and this
guy says the same thing oh I'm just
being politically incorrect he talks
about hey they're taking my blog's away
where I want to talk encourage raping
kids that's against my freedom of speech
and so I've seen this movie before yeah
so are you going to then begin to
caution against other forms of hate
speech that leads down this road my
guess is he'll know the right wing is
going to continue to encourage people to
push the envelope so I'm gonna add
something to that that might be
controversial but I think it's important
for us to do a better job in
differentiating between the type of
speech that that should be policed and
the type of speech that I think people
are being overly sensitive about because
when this kind of stuff comes up you
don't want the reaction to be oh it's
just PC culture whatever no this is not
PC culture this is the kind of stuff
that is wrong and when you know we start
nitpicking
on every little word that someone says
you know in intent matters if someone
has no intent to harm others no intent
to say anything offensive and we get on
them and then there's like this national
case about getting them fired well then
that's when you start losing reasonable
people who who would look at a story
like this and say yeah this is wrong we
should police this type of content
online so I'll just say the last thing
on the Senate so I hear you on that and
that is definitely true and we are for
actual freedom of expression in speech
on the show and we've defended
servants who have been banned from
college campuses etc but Rush Limbaugh
and his ilk started calling women
feminazis and that's what led down this
road it did it
they demonized feminists they demonize
women over and over and over again and
they began a culture and a cult of
hatred and so this is the very end of
that road but I remember the beginning
of the road I remember the middle of the
road and all along that road the right
wing kept saying no no it's just you be
politically correct now you have to say
and spread my hatred and my fear and my
sick culture as far as I like yeah you
get to do it but this at least one of
the ends of the road was this so I hope
you're proud too easy wasteful young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
