in the primaries we had a lot of
candidates on and now we're bringing
some of them back for the general
elections and this is a unique case
their repeat guests here on as well
except for one of them but the Orange
County students for City Council are
back so it's great to have you guys back
Perry Mead Jake were basic I'm sure I
said that last name wrong mahmoud al
farah so so Jake how do you say it
ribs ik ribs ik okay that's actually
okay I had two shots at it you were here
last time understand again right the
first time anyway okay so last we talked
to you guys you guys were trying to do
this unique thing where students are
taking over
City Council's let me ask a broad
questions first how's it going
well the so far we have five candidates
are running in 2018 and all races are
way closer and way tighter than expected
we have Ian McDonald who's running in
Buena Park and he is knocked on all the
doors his community's twice and he right
now is the front runner his race and
then Jake and Mahmood can speak more in
their beds yeah so like in San Clemente
I mean right now where we're running
against ten conservatives Jackson and I
he was on here last time we're running
on a slate we've almost run rate
fundraise the second-most amount we're
knocking on a hundred doors a day and
we're confident we're gonna win this
race because we are embracing the
grassroots and some of the people that
were running against they've taken a six
thousand dollar donation ten thousand
dollar donation so we're really going to
prove that grassroots will be able to
win so Jake let me stay with you there
on a couple of issues so when you say
there's ten Republicans in one Democrat
or two Democrats how many people get on
to the City Council so there's three
spots open and only one of those
conservatives is the incumbent so I mean
and she's not looking like she's gonna
be able to win people they're
disenfranchised they want a new voice
they want a new perspective they want
somebody who's gonna work for their vote
and that's where Jackson and I come in
to play so given that there's two of
them to you guys and and ten Republicans
logically speaking that should give you
an advantage yeah absolutely I mean
they're splitting the vote
they're not you know they're just
getting signs that say vote for blank
but we're knocking on those doors we're
having those conversations about those
solutions and so how old are you right
now Jake I'm 18 18 yeah so if you win
you were gonna be on the City Council as
an eight it'll be my number one priority
yeah I love it okay and and then you met
did you mention Ian McDonald yeah so
he's in Buena Park historically is that
a democratic or republican area so right
it basically Democrats aren't getting
out the vote but the registration is in
favor of Democrats he has the
opportunity to win because he's walked
the district twice he has the support
all of our candidates have the support
of the Democratic Party and are the
Democratic frontrunner and we really
think has a strong chance of winning
okay and it says that the that area is
46% Latino yeah thirty-four percent
white and a 19% Asian and in my notes it
says that he's all three of those things
yeah absolutely
he's a great representation for those
people yeah okay
that's a twist okay but it is America
and it is California so I guess white
Asian and Latino and one person makes
sense yeah right so yeah there you go
all right now Steve a diversity mom
would let's go to you you're running a
mission Behe viejo is right is that
normally a Republican or so it usually
is a Republican area however with the
general election that just happened the
majority people there actually voted for
Hillary Clinton
52% do I believe 41% so the demographic
has been changing in the city and not
only that but me as a candidate running
I've really been sticking to the grass
roots of the area making sure that I
canvassed and I stick to a small dollar
donation so that we bring representation
back into the people and you're the only
endorsed Democrat in the race yeah so
I'm the only candidate endorsed by the
Democratic Party of Orange County
however it is a non partisan race so I
really try to bridge the gap between
moderate Republicans who are seeing a
shift in their own party and want to
move over to the Democratic side as well
as Democrats who are disenfranchised and
don't believe the system works for them
it's really important to getting them
out and a lot of Democrats that
disenfranchised are the young people and
the minorities and they don't vote
because they don't see that the system
works for them but what we're trying to
do with this organization is make the
system work for us Mahmood how old are
you
I'm also 18 god I love this man if you
guys win it's gonna be fantastic
yeah and in Perry last night we talked
about Gayle McLaughlin a little bit and
I know Delly own delay in Easton and she
has endorsed you guys and yeah these are
all serious progressives but there was a
takeover of Richmond California City
Council is that is that a guide for you
guys Jake was the one that yeah I mean I
mean that definitely is a guy but we're
taking a step further with so many
issues homelessness housing overall
affordability Orange County we have to
work on a city-by-city basis so we need
to take over all these cities and really
we need to take over Orange County the
Board of Supervisors are federal
representatives it's time that we have
some real change in the county and then
one of the goals this movement too is
that for like so long students then I
mean I know if you saw recently there
was the MSNBC they went to UCI and
they're interviewing students there and
it seems like there's all like students
aren't going to be voting these midterm
elections students historically don't
students and young people historically
don't vote in elections so one of the
goals that we're trying to do too is
when you have students and young people
running for office hopefully that will
inspire people that weren't
traditionally involved whether it be in
local politics or traditionally
motivated to come out to vote at all in
elections to see hey I have my peer
running I have a friend running I have a
student running someone that understands
the issues I'm going through and
hopefully that will motivate people to
then come out and vote in elections that
they usually wouldn't vote in to get
involved in local politics with issues
that usually don't care about or know
about and then hopefully will see this
translate up the ballot as well and help
the congressional races because and
we're in a unique situation to you we
have candidates running and they count
in the 39th Kay restroom district 45th
48th and 49th which are all districts
that we're trying to flip yeah and so
did you say you have five or six
candidates this time around five
candidates this time around and then one
who was going to run then decide to run
in 2020 okay and so what's the plans for
2020 if this is successful so after this
after are all the races this year in
2020 we're looking to expand statewide
because if we
gaining a lot of momentum we're in the
LA Times we have people supporting us
and it's the whole idea of having
students abroad with similar values so
by 2020 we want to expand this statewide
and recruit students and young community
leaders to run for local offices all
over the state yeah and and you know in
this election we're leading by example
we're showing that you can be corporate
free you can knock on doors you can be
authentic you can stand up for something
and that will get you elected and that
message is gonna resonate all over this
day I know for a fact and we're gonna go
for school board Water District City
Council we're gonna we're not gonna stop
so you guys have talked to David hog and
and and you're also on what are you
doing on November 4th with much of our
lives so on November 4th March Eliza
just post on their website they are
going to be coming here to Orange County
and we are right now are planning a
large rally which is gonna be focused on
getting students out and young people
out for early voting because we have
early voting here so no they are fourth
we're gonna be having buses and maybe
driving students to the polls and then
we're gonna be having a huge rally
you've all focused on getting students
and young people out to vote so I look
because they started a movement in a lot
of ways obviously but I feel like in
some ways you guys have taken it to the
next level because you're like okay
that's like get people in the streets
that's good now next get them into the
government get young people in the
government if the old people aren't
gonna do it
get out of the way you know a big factor
of why I'm running and I think a lot of
other candidates are running is seeing
after the tragic shooting that happened
in parkland house we had people our age
come out and speak up and push for what
they believe was right and that really
got me motivated to get involved in
politics and what's so great about the
organization of OC students recipie
council was that anybody could get
involved as long as you're at least 18
obviously and you want you want to bring
a change to the community yeah I love
the vision you guys are putting out of
not only winning these five races which
would be fantastic but it'd take over
the state by young people because you
know I remember if some of those
establishment politicians saying to the
parkland survivor so what would you kids
know right yeah what do you adults know
I mean you've totally screwed up our
system entirely you've soaked it in
money and corruption are a thousand
times rather have you guys there's some
corrupt establishment politician in
there and and now dad we're not just
young we're progressive we're grassroots
were corporate free and that's what this
movement is about we're trying to
electrify the whole state and get people
on that same same page so I got to tell
people about the website and then what I
want to ask you about your campaign in
particular yeah
OC asks I'm sorry OC students as in
Orange County OC students for City City
Council org okay
OC Supes my god I'm every trouble of it
all right OC students for as in the
number for City Council dot org will
obviously have the link below when
you're if you're watching later on
YouTube or Facebook I love it okay
Mahmoud what are the things that you
want to do a mission behave yes so my
main synopsis of what I want to bring
into the city of mission video is to
boost our local economy improve public
safety and infrastructure move towards a
hundred percent renewable energy and
create a more transparent local
government and not only that but find a
sustainable solution to the homelessness
problem create more affordable housing
because right now rent is just out of
control recently and also find a
sustainable solution to the opioid
crisis that's not just happening in our
city but in our entire county and Jake
did you say that it's a full-time job
city council yeah or well it's part-time
but it's definitely not treated that way
I'll say in my city we have council
members who miss three out of the four
meetings a month they're not showing up
and it's not their number one priority
okay and real quick are you guys gonna
go to college at the same time or am i
doing yeah we're all three of us are
going to Saddleback it's also over on
the student government as well myself as
the Administrative Coordinator budget
director of budget and that Perry the
big president right there okay yeah boy
I'm really surprised you guys are
running your school government alright
yeah but they already have experience
even in finance so love it guys keep it
going
everybody go out and support young
people who actually want to make a
difference in the world thank you for
coming on rebel
you
