fossil fuel power plants are having an
increasingly difficult time competing
with renewable alternatives but don't
expect that Trump and the Republicans
are just gonna let them die off they
have a new plan according to a draft
memo obtained by Bloomberg News the
Department of Energy through an act of
emergency Authority may order grid
operators to buy electricity from coal
and nuclear plants that are at risk of
retiring due to increased use of Cheaper
natural gas and renewable electricity we
want to read a couple of sections from
this plan that says too many of these
fuels secure plants have retired
prematurely and many more of recently
announced retirement federal action is
necessary to stop the further premature
retirements of fuel secure generation
capacity and the plan is expected to
last for two years allowing time for a
federal study of vulnerabilities in the
US energy delivery and grid system Wow
so basically these grid operators are
gonna buy electricity from the source
that can sell to them for the cheapest
that isn't coal but whatever who cares
maybe maybe solar is increasingly
competitive maybe it's cheaper we're not
going to accept that we don't have a
free market no we're going to force you
by law in reference to where knees to
measures one was I think it was last
used by Truman to require you for
national defense national security
purposes you're gonna have to buy
electricity from these coal plants so
amazing solar is cheaper yet wind is
cheaper solar and wind are the cheapest
forms of electricity they can have yeah
and but now they're a lot effectively
well this is also building on an Obama
era policy that said we should retire
coal-fired power plants right this was
the clean power plan unfortunately that
policy was also misinformed because it
said we should build natural gas-fired
power plants so we're currently looking
at 300 proposed fracked gas power plants
in the United States that now fracking
and coal are competing for our
electricity power generation because of
both of these bad policies what we
should be doing is saying okay let's
build solar let's build wind capacity
let's build geothermal in America
because we know renewable energy can
power 100% of everything that we need in
the United States and not do things like
poison your water supply increase global
warming
rip apart communities toxify lands you
know all of those negative impacts of
the fossil fuels and this of course is
another political move and it will be at
the expense of the planet and also the
expense of ratepayers this stuff is much
more expensive um and we need to be
phasing out all fossil fuels and this is
obvious you know a trump policy that's
designed to prop up a dying industry for
political reasons well what's
interesting when you mention the point
about hurting ratepayers is there's a
whole bunch of Trump policies that are
gonna come home to roost before the 20
election right now you get the list
story headline of it that might satisfy
his base but in the next 12 to 18 months
you're gonna have a lot of working
people including a lot of working people
voted for Trump they're gonna be facing
higher taxes amidst tax bill comes due
higher rates because of this free-market
interference with coal so it's it's
interesting to consider if maybe Trump
is thinking a little bit short term and
will pay for it in the twenty election
yeah additionally higher prices for
consumer goods doing tariffs exactly so
there's an argument to be made that you
could force the the guys running the
grids to get solar you solar or wind
because you can say look if it were more
expensive and it's not but if it were
say yeah but we're protecting the
community because we don't want the
pollution we don't want the climate
change and we don't want the other costs
that are built into those fossil fuels
to be spread out across the whole state
or country right so there's some logic
in that but this has no logic it's more
expensive and does pollution and does
climate change and so the only rational
explanation for it is crony capitalism
so the cold guys gave me money they're
my donors so I'm gonna force another
private company to buy from them the
government is going to force them to buy
from my donors can you imagine anything
that is bigger crony capitalism
corruption and big government now look
you could be in favor of this policy
that's okay I mean I think you're weird
if you are don't unless you're in the
Kolak Secord if i get it right but you
can't be in favor of this policy and say
you're against big government you just
can't do both those things it's
impossible it's also going to really
harm one of America's biggest growth
industries right now which is solar
power solar power in installation is one
of the fastest growing jobs in America
so what they're trying to do is fight
against that rising tide of renewable
energy that's saying we can do this
cheaper we can do this better we can do
this cleaner we can do this safer then
coal I mean we're still burning rocks
for electricity that is not 21st century
technology and it harms everyone
throughout the entire process whether
that's mountain top removal for coal
whether that's in the near where the
coal is being burned you're talking
about increased asthma rates and a lot
of these are environmental justice
issues as well because these coal-fired
power plants are put in poor people's
community mostly people of color
community and that causes a health
crisis in those in those Felicity
surprised by any of this because the
Trump PlayBook is pretty clear to him
America is like home and he's a robber
stripping the home of everything it's
got including including the wiring on
the piping and it also makes sense
because crony capitalism is right out of
the PlayBook of his political Yoda
Russia I mean Russia ever coming out of
communism invented this whole unfettered
crony capitalism of strip all public
goods for the donors in the whole gark
well replace Oleg arcs with Trump's
donors and you have a clear explanation
of what he's doing to the economy yeah
in terms of resources we needed a
reminder of the basic example of this
grand staircase bears ears he decided
these big these gigantic monuments let's
just sell them off the whole thing let's
just dig up the hell and give them to
the highest bidder don't you imagine if
Obama said all right these different
operators corporations whatever they
might be you must buy only from my
donors could you imagine what
Republicans would have done
you're you know this state is requiring
all new construction to have solar
panels on the roof that's kind of
amazing
also this state is doing what no other
state in the Union is doing really
aggressively saying we don't want gas
fired power plants fracked fired power
plants we want to use solar and
batteries so it's totally possible
this technology is outmoded it is old
it's like say it's like saying you know
you can't have a cell phone you must go
back to a rotary dial ER or something
like it's again it's a cultural policy
based on this idea of nostalgia for the
50s you know there's a whole sort of set
of cultural modes that are being
employed by this kind of thing it's
saying oh let's go back to when black
people couldn't vote let's go back to
when we had the coal industry let's go
back to our industrial base and instead
of actually doing things that promote
peace and justice that promote
empowerment of communities like solar
and wind - yeah and the last point I
want to make on this is the argument
that you will hear made for this policy
and whatever comes after it is that this
is necessary for national security
because the solar energy and other forms
of renewable energy they're not stable
or reliable enough throughout the day
and so there are periods where we might
not be able to generate enough
electricity especially if there was
intense weather or a cyberattack I would
argue that if you're gonna make that
case maybe you could at least pretend
that you care about cybersecurity and
actually do something about it or
alternatively maybe instead of giving
1.8 trillion dollars to corporations and
the wealthiest Americans you could take
a tiny fraction of that and actually
subsidize research and development of
battery technology it's already it's
already there here in California we are
not building gas-fired power plants
we're not building fact fire power
plants there instead using solar pickers
and batteries which are shown to be more
efficient we're there we're already
there so I mean to go to coal is just
ludicrous
yeah let's end on Arnold
Schwarzenegger's tweet about this
Governor of California even though he
was a Republican he said I eagerly await
the administration's regulations
protecting pagers fax machines and
blockbuster
two easy ways for Young Turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
