hi guys welcome to TYT I'm really
excited to be talking today to Allyson
Hartson who is a candidate in the
California Democratic primary and she is
running against a couple of people
including Dianne Feinstein who is
seeking a sixth term in the Senate so
thank you so much for joining us so
happy to be here thanks for having me
Katie could you tell us a bit about what
got you into politics in the first place
I know that you worked as a high school
teacher and you were raised in the
working-class family and you saw a kind
of up close the divide between the haves
and have-nots in this country can you
tell us how your personal experience
influenced your career sure I mean it
was it was a number of things really it
was it was seeing one issue after
another related back to politics related
back to policy so I was an English
teacher I also designed and taught an
intervention program for our students
who were at risk of not graduating high
school and it was in teaching that
program in particular where I saw what
these kids really needed to help and
this program was successful in keeping
these kids off the streets keeping them
they were statistically on track for
prison helping to help thing them to
make sure that they could go on and do
what they want to next with their life
should it be college or vocational
school or career and and they were doing
it and I have students now from that
program who have graduated from college
but as just one example of so many that
I've seen two years into that program
the school wanted to cut that program
citing that they didn't have the money
for it but meanwhile they got something
like a ten million dollar grant for
computers that were being used only for
standardized testing for our students so
you combine that with watching my
students struggle to focus in school
struggling to do their homework and be
you know have the kind of accountability
and support that you really need in the
community and at home because their
parents are working
two to three jobs just to be able to
keep a roof over their heads and be able
to make sure that they can keep the
lights on and so so many things that I
see that our communities need from a
living wage to Medicare for all to a
strong public education system from
preschool through college and and
instead we're spending our money on
senseless Wars we are spending our tax
dollars on bailing out big banks on
bailing out big corporations every
single year with the subsidies that we
give them not holding them accountable
for paying their taxes you know the list
goes on and I and I saw and lived how
how this affects us directly in our
communities and and when I I stepped
back at some point and and said what can
we actually do about this and you you
see that the protests aren't enough they
they are helpful and we need to keep
them up but what we have to be doing is
understanding how policy really drives
these issues and help our working-class
communities to understand how it does
come back to legislation and once you
see how every single issue we are
fighting for does come back to
legislation it becomes a no-brainer that
we either have to run for office or we
have to get a lot more politically
active and what about your own
experiences so those are the issues you
saw with the students you you taught and
how the school system is run what about
your own issues growing up and your
family and and Medicaid health insurance
and I know that you had some issues with
that and your family people struggling
with medical issues and you saw kind of
firsthand the dangers of our privatized
health care system yeah sure so I have
eight brothers and sisters a pretty
large family and in my family runs a
couple of health issues so on my dad's
side it is cancer its colon cancer and
pancreatic tumors which are have been
found through my family's diagnosis to
be connected
and then on my mother's side is breast
cancer and Z and so so many people on my
mother's side have died from that
including my my grandmother who was kind
of like my second mom she she lived with
us and helped to raise me while my mom
worked seven days a week to pay the
bills and then on my father's side my
grandfather passed away from this
disease my father passed away from a
pancreatic tumor I have a sister who
passed away from it I have a brother who
passed away from it I have another
brother who is still alive and has
actually had his entire colon removed in
order to to fight back against these
polyps and prevent them from turning
into cancer and all of this of course
requires medical treatment and it
requires insurance if we're going to be
able to get that treatment but because
this runs in my family that means that
there are pre-existing conditions and so
my brother who we when my father passed
away my brother was 15 years old and I
was 20 and and so my brother ended up
having insurance for just about another
year on on my stepmoms insurance but
then she lost her job and she lost her
job in large part to struggling with the
depression and the stress of my father
having died and she she didn't work
while my father was alive he he was the
one who worked seven days a week and she
stayed home and took care of the kids so
then she had to go out and get a job and
then you know all of those those
pressures combined she ended up losing
her job they lost their insurance but my
brother had these polyps meanwhile in
his colon that were growing since he was
about 11 or 13 years old when he was
diagnosed and so the doctors told us
that he was not probably not going to
live past about 2025 if we didn't get
this this surgery but it was going to
cost an enormous amount of money we
couldn't afford and so what we had to do
to get him that was was pretty terrific
actually and I
about this people can can find out a bit
more of the details by going to to my
website and looking at my some of the
stuff that I've written but but anyways
he and we ended up getting him the the
surgery that he needed and we had to
move mountains to make it happen which
drove my step-mom and others even
further in to economic stress and she
ended up being homeless for a little
while as a result of all of this
compounding and and then my brother
ended up having a son a beautiful boy
and he has the same condition and but it
is because now of of Obamacare and
addressing the the the pre-existing
conditions that he is able to get
medical care so so this I I know
personally like how incredibly important
Medicare for all is for all of our
families but you know we we have to also
expand Medicare too so we're going to
have to make sure that it is more
comprehensive once we make it available
for make sure that everybody has it we
have a lot of work to do there but we
need to do it much sooner than later
because even with with the Affordable
Care Act my brother still can't afford
it for for him and his son and I have
another sister who who doesn't qualify
either who can't like get on the affor
of the ACA or who can't even afford it
and and also doesn't qualify for it so
you know we know that like the ACA
it helped so many people millions of
people but there's still millions of
people left off so we have a lot of work
to do in that regard
but I'm passionate fighting for this
yeah and it seems like that's an issue
that really attracts support on a
bipartisan level like people have
political differences they may believe
in different things in terms of taxes or
social issues but I think a lot of
people get that you shouldn't in this
country especially where we have so much
like medical research so much technology
that it's really unnecessary to die from
lack of treatment yeah it's like being
stuck in the Middle Ages you have to be
rich in order to be able to have medical
treatment that is it can help you to
completely avoid death but the other
things new is quality of life right so
there are some people who might get
medical treatment but they don't get
quality medical treatment like people
who are wealthy do and so we have to
address that as well so like you mean oh
yeah absolutely I mean it's it's it's
proven you know that that those who have
more money will live longer because of
the access to treatment that they have
even if it's just if it's just like the
daily medicine or pills that they take
so I have a sister who is who lives in
poverty in West Virginia is where she is
and the you know she has access to some
medical care but the it is so minimal
and it costs her so much money that she
doesn't have just to do just to go
because she's having pains and right now
I'm very very concerned about her health
but she doesn't want to go the doctor
because she's afraid of what they're
gonna say and and how do you live with
being diagnosed with something that is
is really really scary but being told
you have to have a certain amount of
money in order to treat it and that just
compounds the stress and so you just
don't go to the doctor and then the more
you don't go to the doctor the worse
your your situation gets that's what my
dad did that's what my brother who died
did that's what my sister's doing right
now and and so I mean she she has
problems with like like dental problems
with her with her teeth she has and you
know a lot of this comes back to as well
like you know how how we the kind of
food that we eat if we don't have access
to as good of food as well because we
don't have money to buy health food yeah
it over the the years
that weighs down on your teeth that
weighs down on your gums that weighs
down on on your insides I mean it's we
could go on and on and on about how it D
it decreases the quality of your life
and so that's what this health care is
also about did you have a Eureka moment
when you knew you wanted to well it was
yeah it was a gradual thing
so when I first like gotten started in
politics I signed up to volunteer with
every single get money out group that I
possibly could and and it was like
really what I wanted to do was find out
what are our options for correcting this
mess that we have gotten ourselves in
and so I just had the intention of
signing up to volunteer go to these
meetings and just sit back like a fly on
the wall and just listen and learn from
the people who have been doing this for
for a long time and and so as I was
learning more and getting involved I was
really frustrated with the fact that I
didn't feel like any of the groups had
like a final solution to actually fixing
these problems and that's what led me to
eventually continued my research and
find wolfpack so it was through this
whole kind of journey that I was
learning about the political process and
about and about policy and how all of
these these things tied together to to
these issues and but as far as like
running for office honestly it's it's
not something that I have personally
desired to do I I don't I don't know
that you know anybody would really want
to like any sane person would really
want to actually get involved in in the
corruption that we are fighting to
actually like go and sit there and do
that and be surrounded by that day in
and day out and so I struggled with it
but I through the many conversations I
had with the team of people you know
that I was I was talking to about this
including my family you know whether
whether or not to do this
I really ultimately landed on you know
if I if I don't do every single
saying in my power then I have to be I
had to take responsibility for what's
happening to this country and and I will
I know that at the end of my life I will
regret the things that I didn't do not
the things that I did and and so and
this this is so incredibly important for
other people's lives that it was not a
decision I took lightly
and it wasn't and I and and I I you know
entered into it saying like I do
everything in my life like once I say
yes to something that's it I go in
headfirst yeah it's funny it's kind of
like with administrators in general I've
often found that you want the people the
best administrators are actually kind of
the reluctant ones because you don't
want power-hungry people going into
these positions so you know that's true
and it's actually something that when I
was when I was running Wolfpack one of
my biggest things about finding people
to step up and put into some kind of
leadership role was actually the people
who wanted it less and it's like you and
and and there's kind of something we
talked about in the activist world that
usually the people who raise their hand
first are the last ones you want to
actually do the same and and not because
they won't be good or don't have good
intentions or but it's it's usually they
just have a different agenda and so what
ends up happening is is when when it
doesn't work for them when things get
tough and they always will they're less
likely to be able to withstand the
challenge I mean there's a combination
no-one's a hundred percent right one
thing or the other but yeah and and and
when it comes to specifically our
government by not having people in there
for the right reasons they're more
susceptible to be corrupted by the
powers yeah exactly
so what is the difference between you
and Dianne Feinstein I mean you guys are
in California she's a Democrat why do we
need a why do we need someone else
running she's a liberal
she's open-minded she was like was
friends with Harvey Milk right no
disrespect to Harvey Milk great very
great well you know Dianne Feinstein is
is the epitome of the corruption that we
are fighting in our government
she has throughout the years taken money
from from pacs from from dark money
interest groups from corporations you
you can look at her contributions from
like defense the the defense industry
and her vote for war including the iraq
war
look at her donations from AT&T and the
telecom industry as a whole and and her
vote for the patriot act every single
time you know granting permission for
warrantless wiretapping on US citizens
so it really is the epitome of of so
much of what I've been doing to fight to
get big money out of politics but also
there's kind of this class warfare going
on that this this kind of battle so to
speak of like me and Dianne Feinstein it
really is like the people versus the
machine the working class versus the
elite who are just not capable of
understanding our daily lives what we go
through this the struggle to have to
decide as I watched my family have to
decide as I was growing up to have to
decide between if you're going to pay
for medicine or go to the doctor or if
instead you're going to make your
husband dinner like I saw my parents
have to struggle you know or if you're
gonna put gas in the car or if you're
going to pay the electricity bill like
which one is more important to you that
week and you're and you're paying your
bills weekly just trying to figure out
what you got day by day week by week let
alone monthly and so you know not being
able to to relate to us laugh
King that empathy as a corporate class
wealthy elite person how on earth are
they making decisions that govern our
lives I just don't even think it's
possible so we have to we have to get
into office but we're gonna have to do a
lot to restructure the way our campaigns
work so more people from the working
class can run for office and win and
we're gonna be able to do that by
replacing privately funded elections
with publicly funded elections which is
one of my biggest goals right I mean
it's interesting because sometimes
there's a lack of empathy you know
Hillary Clinton famously said wonderful
Goldman Sachs's Goldman Sachs speeches
that you know people like her and a
moment of actual I think genuine self
reflection said that it's hard for
wealthier people to stay connected to
working people because they're just not
in touch with that reality but you do
have a lot of Democrats who are you know
part of the 1% but to be fair to them
they still vote against their own at
leat short-term economic self-interest
right they don't vote they don't vote
for their own tax breaks right that's
one of the differences to the extent
that there are which mean Republicans
Democrats some Democrats are like well I
deserve to pay more because of my you
know privileges right but fine can you
talk to us about Feinstein's vote and
when it came to Bush tax cuts yeah she
voted for the Bush tax cuts so she you
know she's she continues she really is
more Republican than she is Democrat and
anything that she speaks on that sounds
liberal is not really reflected in any
kind of legislation that she champions
so for example she talks a lot about
empowering women and fighting for for
female or for just gender equality but
where is that fight where is that
championing based on research we know
that the one of the best ways to make
sure that we have equal pay in the work
in the workplace is to ensure paid
family leave and paid parental leave
where is that I don't see that anywhere
I've never I don't see her fighting for
that you know she is people often talk
about how
how what a champion she is of gun reform
but the research shows that the actual
number one way to lower death by gun is
to close loopholes on background checks
which is supported by over 90 percent of
people but what the legislation she
continues to introduce is to ban bump
stocks and assault weapons and so these
are important policies but if we're
serious about looking at the root cause
of at a particular issue so that can
actually be solved we have to look at
evidence-based research and the research
shows that closing loopholes on
background checks but instead jumping on
the political bandwagon to be talking
about bump stocks and assault weapons
which again I agree with we need to look
at those ar-15s right the this has been
this gun has been consistently used at
the for these mass shootings so we need
to address that but we also need to be
fighting hard to close loopholes on
background checks she's not doing that
um so and then when it comes to uh
Medicare for all I mean just last year
she was repeating a Republican talking
point that it's a government takeover we
know that's not true what we're talking
about is insurance we're talking about a
single-payer to make sure that we can
actually make it easier to run insurance
and provide that health care and and how
much money that's going to save us but
here she is copy-pasted talking points
from Fox News it's like these yeah
immigration she is she is on record
talking about how conflating illegal I
use quotes because we could talk about
what's really legal right but she talks
she conflates illegal immigrants with
criminals who do we keep hearing to say
that
yeah she's on video talking about how we
need to clamp down on on immigration in
order to address
criminals coming across our borders I
think we can't enforce our borders I
think we should enforce our borders to
have a situation where 40% of the babies
born on Medicaid in California today are
born of illegal immigrants creates a
very real problem for the state which is
in deficit look and of course you can
enforce the border finish I agree 17% of
our prison population and a cost of 300
million a year the illegal immigrants
who come here and commit felonies that's
not what this nation but she she just
comes overall from kind of a bygone law
and order air air air and but she comes
from this this era where she hasn't
progressed and it's it's not as much how
long she's been in office it's not it's
not really age either because we can
look at Bernie Sanders who's who's old
you know he's he's quite quite a bit
older as well and he's been also
chronologically empowered and he's he's
been in office to some degree for a
really long time as she has but he he's
been on the right side of the issues for
decades and yeah and he continues to
read and learn and evolve and become
even more progressive and and so if we
just look at the ideas if we just look
at the voting record if we just stick to
the policy she is more of a Republican
than anything else and and so we are
significantly different on I would say
every issue right and what about her
fundraising and your fundraising just
Gauche
so the average race for the US Senate is
10 million dollars here in California
she has 15 million dollars right now
just for the primary and she five
million of it she donated to herself the
the Valley
yeah the vast majority of the rest of it
is from large donors and PACs political
action committees right dark money
groups and five I think it's less than
5% of it comes from small dollar donors
being $200 or less my donations 72% of
my donations is from small-dollar donors
the rest is from what is called large
dollar donors meaning $200 or more and I
have no PACs that have contributed to me
I don't accept money from corporate PACs
at all whatsoever
and so we've raised with my campaign I
think we're just under we're either
still under 400,000 or or under 500 but
less than and then half a million
dollars and what we've been able to do
with that money
to build the infrastructure that we have
with my campaign has been an exceptional
even for my standards so we have over
1,900 volunteers for my campaign I mean
it really is a People's a People's
Movement those small dollar donations
translate to individuals into human
beings I think right now my average
donation is $29 and so you know we you
look at combine that with social media
so we really put our money into into
that aspect as well and in turn in
addition to supporting my volunteers and
on social media I am out doing every
single candidate in this race six to
eight times every single week meaning
more people coming to my pages liking
them sharing them commenting on them
engagement and and again that translates
to real human beings throughout the
state who are engaged in this campaign
yeah and that's great and can I just
quickly mention that poll that just came
out
yeah okay so a poll just came out when
an emerson university poll released
Monday right of this week and it shows
that Senator
and Feinstein faces viable challenges
from five of nearly 30 opponents
Feinstein 84 is running for sixth term
in the US Senate the poll shows five of
Feinstein's appoint opponents are
statistically tied for the second spot
and it top two primary state Senate Pro
Tem Kevin de Leon self-financed lawyer
Eugene Patterson Harris two Republicans
and 37 year-old former teacher Allison
Hartson hey how come they don't name
everyone else's hmm
anyway um that is interesting isn't it
yeah yeah wow that is very interesting
so are you were you surprised by this
where you did this make sense to you and
what's that what are the differences
between you and the other primary
challengers uh no I'm not surprised by
it at all it actually reflects the the
internal data we have from the field
that we're doing knocking on doors and
and making phone calls I mean our data
shows that I am beating Dianne Feinstein
and have a chance to come in first place
but this is what the polls are going to
show the challenge there of course is
making sure that that can translate into
the into members and being able to reach
enough people around the state but our
data again are it's showing that within
30 seconds we are able to change
somebody's mind because all they have to
do is here I mean we have a winning
message right like making sure that we
fight corruption and bring integrity
back to our political process and really
focus on policies that are the best
interest of people and not and not
concerning party and so that's easy
that's a no-brainer for for people but
they just have to hear about the
campaign so so with considering that not
as many people who are going to of
course be able to hear about the
campaign is like Dianne Feinstein can
reach because she's an incumbent and she
has the corporate media covering her
then accounting for that the fact that I
am statistically tied for second place
is not shocking to us as well at all but
it's definitely encouraging not all of
the polls include me that every poll has
its own way of
running whatever metrics they do it's
been very interesting to see how that
how this works
but the polls that have included me I've
been statistically tied in almost every
single one of them wow that's
interesting because even this one fit
makes it just about it doesn't even talk
about you versus Feinstein it's more
about you yeah their opponents and oh
and as far as them I guess I didn't
answer that part of the question is you
know compared to the other opponents I'm
the only one that is not taking money
from corporations or PACs or self-funded
all of them are one of those you and
your purity politics and so what happens
between now and there and the day of the
election and what can people do to
support you or find out more about you
so the best way that people can help is
to go to my website Allison Hartson com
it's a lis o n har TSO N and sign up to
volunteer our team will get in touch
with them immediately they can also just
go onto my website and actually schedule
an event where they host an event
themselves to go out and canvass and
knock on doors if you've never done it
before we train you how to do it from
the very beginning it's such great
experience too if you've ever wanted to
know how what it's like to be part of a
campaign
if you can't canvass we can phone bank
you can phone bank from your house again
no experience necessary we give you all
the tools that you need and and that's
what we'll be basically doing we've got
some other fun projects in store as well
so best thing is to just go to my
website sign up make sure you're
following me on Facebook and Twitter and
Instagram and sharing sharing sharing
sharing sharing get getting the word out
in your sleep if you can
and what can you just remind people of
your handles on social media just once
more yeah it's the same handle
everywhere Hartson 4 c 8th for is
spelled out fo r okay so har TS o n fo r
CA that's right great Thank you Thank
You Claudio and Hartson thank you thanks
a lot
