turns out racial resentment may be
fueling climate denial a new study
suggests so when you're really ignorant
with one thing you might be really
ignorant with another thing stop talking
big talk run right it feels like maybe I
don't know I don't know if this study
touches on it but maybe that's by design
is to keep people uneducated and
fighting with each other and misinformed
so that they'll buy any sort of nonsense
like climate change is a myth that was
perpetuated by the oil lobby and they
capitalized on it when the first black
president came into the White House
connections let's go to the graph face
researchers have thoroughly investigated
the link between ideology and attitudes
towards climate change attitudes towards
climate change hey do you like science
my attitude is no well okay science just
sounds like some some big-city liberal
talk do you acknowledge science as a
thing no nope that's my attitude I have
the right to that attitude let's come
back to the graphic finding that
conservatives are significantly more
likely to reject climate science at
least they're calling it rejection as
opposed to belief that was always a pet
peeve of mine where they say like some
people don't believe in something you
don't get to believe in that yeah it's
it's peer-reviewed it's evidence-based
it's an evolving thesis you don't get to
you get to believe or not believe in a
God in a Supreme Being right because
there's no evidence it's just it's a
matter of faith you can believe it or
not believe it you don't it's a well I
don't believe like no it's there you can
either acknowledge it or deny it in
which case you are a climate change deny
oh I thought I got there I don't know if
I believe this guy's blue I just have a
hard time believing this guy is blue are
we doing a show right now I'm not sure
if I believe I don't believe that
cameras on me right now I just refute I
don't believe it did you do a show I
don't believe so I don't think I think I
was just I mean I might have been at a
studio or I might have been in my
bedroom it depends on what I believe
let's go to let's go to number two here
after Barack Obama took office white
Americans were less likely to see
climate change is a serious problem
according to a recent peer-reviewed
paper published in the journal of
environmental politics let's keep going
here researchers have thoroughly
investigated the link between ideology
and attitudes there's climate change
finding that conservatives significantly
more likely reject it well Democrats
have grown more concerned about climate
change among Republicans climate denial
has become increasingly calcified
separately researchers have studied how
racial resentment among white Americans
has worsened economic anxiety and driven
opposition to welfare Medicaid and other
government initiatives at it as it
happens white Americans are logical
efficient Ares of these programs so more
and more white Americans use their
racial attitudes to help them decide
positions on political questions Barack
Obama's rise to the presidency further
strengthened the relationship between
racial resentment and political
attitudes I don't deny that I mean yeah
I think this makes a compelling point
but what is missing here is if I say
this time and time again if the
Democratic Party were to go back to the
way it was with FDR which is worker the
workers people's party and give people
jobs and use a green new deal right and
get people jobs addressing climate
change people would be willing to hear
it when you just say I mean I'm not
dying this is America's very divide a
very racist country the surebut but yeah
absolutely there's no two ways about it
and having Obama in the White House man
that that raise a lot of that up there's
no two ways about it but what this is
missing is that when the Democratic
Party has sold out I mean NAFTA Clinton
didn't after they sold away jobs and
they don't give people a lot of
opportunity then it's easy for the
country to be divided it's easy for them
to fall into the the spell of a
demagogue when for decades we have a
horrible school system that doesn't
educate people so this is easily this
this is we've created
environment when this can easily happen
if you were to give people good jobs
spend 111 billion dollars on wind and
solar like China did in 2015 when they
just said we're changing this and
everyone was working then people would
begin to believe it and the Democrats
don't fight this because they get money
from the oil lobby - yeah there's tons
of factors that go into the rise of
climate denial and this is one of them
certainly this study is certainly one of
them but here's a few others first of
all the corporate media is completely
neutral oh when they talk about climate
avail Ike hears science that's been
peer-reviewed and it's evidence-based
and is based on evolving research and a
thesis this is what this is on the other
side here's a dude that's profiting off
a dinosaur park that thinks that Noah's
Ark is a documentary like well you don't
differentiate that that's nothing he
drives me nuts about the corporate media
is they always they always plant like
well let's get both sides when they're
97 percent of all scientists believe
this and every country all over the
world you wouldn't sit there and like
it's like you you you I got lung cancer
ninety I went to 97 doctors and they all
said you have lung cancer as a direct
result of smoking let's say I'm a big
smoker three doctors said I don't and
those three doctors are funded by the
tobacco lobby right put it in that
perspective it slipped with the
corporate media you watch their
advertisement who buys ad time it's the
oil lobby yes yes so so then this is
easily happens and the club there's a
climate bubble that's about to burst and
so they're so terrified because they're
worried about investment in in in fossil
fuels investors going there's no
long-term return that's when the bubble
is going to burst and the the governor
of the Bank of England gave a speech
three years ago said we need to worry
about this bubble because if everyone
gets scared that there's no more money
in oil 20 years from now 30 years from
now they're all going to pull out so
they are doubling down on as much crazy
climate denial nonsense every single one
of trumps cabinet members is a climate
denier every one of them
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
