Donald Trump has announced that there
will be tariffs on steel and aluminum
coming from Canada Mexico and the
European Union these tariffs are set to
go into effect tomorrow so 12 a.m. on
Friday they will go into effect 25% on
imported steel and 10% on imported
aluminum now the reasoning that he is
given for this decision is ridiculous
and I'll explain that in just a second
but it has something to do with national
security he's also planning on
potentially slapping massive tariffs on
foreign made vehicles including German
cars now Trump imposed the steel and
aluminum penalties under the 1962 law
that gives the president broad power to
increase or reduce tariffs on goods
deemed critical to national security how
our vehicles critical to national
security
I don't know but nonetheless Wilbur Ross
did a conference call with reporters and
he said the following we take the view
that without a strong economy you cannot
have us have strong national security
fascinating that you say that mr. Ross
because we actually do not have a strong
economy it appears that we have a strong
economy when the stock is doing well but
wages remain stagnant and now all of
these Americans with their stagnant
wages will end up spending a lot more
money on products that are being
imported from other countries so that we
have that to look forward to yeah so the
reason it is calling international
security issues because it lets them do
it by executive action so you know the
billionth case in a row Republican
hypocrisy I can't believe Obama's taking
executive action it's unconstitutional
Oh Trump's doing it willy-nilly great
it's awesome national security so he
doesn't want to go through the regular
process he just wants to decree it and
that's why he did it this way I don't
particularly care that much about the
method that he did it by I just want to
point out their hypocrisy and move on
now in terms of the core of the issue
this is where now the Republicans are
opposing him so Orrin Hatch who spent
most of the Trump's term so far lodged
somewhere in Donald Trump
has come out poked his head out and was
like I don't like this now why doesn't
he like it because it affects his
Republican donors and what I whenever
you see Republicans who want to protect
their incredibly wealthy corporate
donors what do they do they always hide
behind small businesses and farmers so
this time you're like we're just worried
about all the farmers no you're worried
that it's gonna affect massive
businesses when we start a trade war and
that it's gonna affect the stock market
which it is right so now where you come
out on trades a different matter but I
know why the Republicans are now all of
a sudden found courage to oppose Donald
Trump because their donors told them to
well and look it is accurate that this
could potentially hurt farmers because
we are now engaged and in a rapidly
accelerating trade war because of course
these countries are gonna want to
retaliate and they've already responded
to these tariffs in pretty terrifying
ways so let me give you some numbers
before getting to the response that
we've heard not only from the
politicians here in the US but from
leaders in these in these countries now
nearly 50% of u.s. steel and aluminum
imports in 2017 came from the EU Canada
and Mexico so that's gonna be a bit of
an issue again the cost is always going
to be transferred back to consumers so
we all know that but more importantly
when it comes to farmers think about the
things that we export to these countries
and now there are gonna be pretty big
tariffs on those exports so Mexico's
economy ministry said it would target
several US goods in response including
some steel and pipe products lamps
berries grapes apples cold cuts pork
chops and various cheese products up to
an amount comparable to the level of
damage linked to US tariffs Canada has
also responded Canada has pledged to
impose rotala retaliatory measures Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau called the
levees totally unacceptable adding it
was inconceivable that they were related
to national security which we can all
agree on I think it's pretty clear that
again
just a method of Trump unilaterally
doing what he wanted to do the EU is
also planning to hit back with billions
of dollars of levies on US exports worth
7.5 billion dollars that could be
slapped with levies up to 3 billion of
which could go into effect starting June
20th so I know farms are affected the
China is going to strike back against
soy for example soy products and and
China's tariffs are in the 50 billion
dollar range so now they're gonna have
to strike back about 50 billion dollars
but it's farmers is like an old-school
political thing that's appealing to talk
about but it affects many other
industries and it's harder to come out
and say my donors at GM you know the
poorer CEO of GM is good this is gonna
beg this bonus and it might cost the
millions of dollars so you go other
farmers the farmers and but it does
you're right it does affect the farms
and important to note that as well
look my my thought on the substance is
Devils in the details so if you tell me
no don't ever affect the stock market
and hence never do anything about trade
I don't agree right if you say to me do
it unilaterally and blunder into it the
way the Trump is doing it no I don't
agree with that either
so there's good reasons to oppose some
trade agreements or portions of trade
agreements so but you hope that someone
does that carefully deliberatively and
for the right reasons with this
administration good luck with that so
the response from Republican politicians
has been fascinating because you're
right
Republican politicians have been very
careful about criticizing the president
usually they'll tow the party line and
support pretty much anything he does but
when it comes to this very issue we are
hearing some backlash some criticism
senator Ben Sasse says this is dumb
Europe Canada and Mexico are not China
and you don't treat allies the same way
you treat opponents I thought that was
actually a really good way of putting it
because remember we are talking about
allies here Canada for instance the
European Union those are allies
I mean Mexico is
is supposed to be an ally and Trump has
been attacking them since before he got
elected but nonetheless yeah I also like
the way classy Ben Sasse put it when he
said this is dumb
yeah just simple you know terms that
Trump can understand tariffs are this is
from Orrin Hatch as something that genka
looted to earlier tariffs on steel and
aluminum imports are a type tax hike on
Americans and will have damaging
consequences for consumers manufacturers
and workers I will continue to push the
administration to change course remember
he's retiring so I don't really think
he's gonna push for much also Senator
Pat Toomey separately called
the tariff decision quote bad news that
would quote invite retaliation and it
already has the only time they ever
oppose Donald Trump is if it hurts their
donors too easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
