following the cancellation of Roseanne
those on the right have been looking for
left-wing public figures to throw under
the bus and criticized for anything that
could be deemed as offensive as what
Roseanne has done case in point
Samantha bee now recently on her show
she was talking about Ivanka Trump and
the whole debacle involving Ivanka Trump
posting a picture posing with her
two-year-old son now after Ivanka Trump
posted this picture on Twitter there was
a lot of criticism because at that time
the story about the missing migrant
children was all over the news and also
the Trump administration is getting a
lot of heat for enforcing this new
policy that would take children away
from their parents as they try to cross
the border as refugees
now while Samantha bee was covering this
story and while she was showing that
photo of Ivanka Trump she said the
following
you know Ivanka that's a beautiful photo
of you and your child but let me just
say one mother to another do something
about your dad's immigration policies
you feckless see you next Tuesday all
right
she also followed that with this he
listens to you put on something tight
and low-cut and tell him to effing stop
it tell him it was an Obama thing and
see how it goes okay so a lot of people
really focused on the fact that Samantha
be called her that name right that
profanity that the profanity it's
outrageous we can't believe it for me
the more offensive part was actually the
second part of her statement and it was
it was offensive but I wouldn't even say
that it comes close to some of the
things that Roseanne Barr has tweeted so
trying to compare the two I think is
ridiculous but I do want to hear from
you Jane so two points about this one is
a random pet peeve people on TV say wild
outrageous things there's terrible TV
shows with crazy violence emotional porn
you know trashed left and right and
advertisers like yeah it's okay because
it's
you do 10% of Samantha's be did online
oh my god the online trash can you
believe it etc etc and and I'm speaking
out for especially the smaller creators
online and how much they get
disrespected but on TV you could say
have a totally different standard and
it's fine
so that's my random pet peeve okay now
on to the part of this story I don't
care don't care don't care don't care
Wow she said a bad word ooh like what
we're still children right I mean what's
this conversation about so and okay even
more important
so of course CNN jumps in and all the
mainstream media they're like yes
Republicans please like us we're gonna
now savage Samantha B and we get to call
ourselves fair oh yeah
Oh Republican overlords have we done a
good job and so if CNN anchor right
before we came on air said oh this is
just like Roseanne Barr no it's not so
let me explain it to you okay attacking
a group of people for being in that
group is racist or bigoted and is deeply
hurtful and continuous stereotypes and
now those stereotypes are problematic
why for example yesterday on the show we
did a story about how Republicans you
know forget the Republican Party mccr
attic part on average African Americans
for the same exact crime get four point
eight months more prison time than white
people do so those stereotypes wind up
taking away people's freedom sometimes
takes away their lives and is really
important is serious invective against
one person insults against one person is
you don't like that person who cares so
for example I I Got News for you there's
a lot of right-wingers who hate me okay
and they say terrible things about me so
what that's not a thing you can say that
all day long I don't care no one cares
and you shouldn't care but if you were
to attack I mean my ethnicity okay but
okay it did my ethnicity is weird and
nobody cares about it but if you attack
yes okay right you attack certain groups
of people and it that has consequences
and that's why it matters and if you
can't tell that difference well then and
you got issues
let's just be kind and put it that way
okay so the thing about Roseann was that
her tweets yes they were problematic
because of the race issues there but I
would argue what was even worse was that
she would push conspiracy theories that
would incite violence so we didn't even
talk about pizza gate she was one of the
people who consistently would tweet
about how this pizza shop was running a
sex ring okay and then what happened
some unstable person believed in that
conspiracy theory and showed up with a
gun and could have potentially killed
people as a result those are the things
that we should be fighting against those
are the things that the mainstream media
should be outraged about and should be
fighting against comparing the things
that Roseanne Barr tweets to what
Samantha bee said on the show about
Ivanka Trump yeah it was offensive and
it was an insult I get that right but it
is not the same thing the part that I
didn't like was just the I don't know
the imagery of you why don't you wear
something provocative or why don't you
go she's joking about a vodka she's
joking about Donald Trump and what a
pervert he is for being turned on by his
daughter and talking about it endlessly
and she's a comedian don't care I don't
care about the insult I don't care about
the second part totally utterly not
guilty well and by the way the guys who
cried the loudest about this the
snowflakes on the right they're the ones
you say Trump seven he grabs women by
the pussy let's just keep it 100 lately
yeah with the disingenuous all we care
about women so much when there's someone
is hacking one of our women you don't
care about women you'll hate women you
show it in your policies you showed in
the things that you support you don't
care about women they love to use issues
to their advantage when it's convenient
for them but in the grand scheme of
things you have supported a president
who is called women pigs who has made
fun of them and their menstrual cycles
who is called Ben
you know fat on national television who
has responded to people who have accused
him of sexual misconduct as people who
are not attractive enough to be sexually
assaulted that is what should make you
angry you don't care about women please
stop pretending like you do okay so my
last compromise offer because you know
as a progressive I'd like to reach out
to the other side like this anyway so
let's take Samantha B off air if you if
President Trump steps that because he
talked about actually sexually
assaulting women grabbing them by their
genitalia she referred to genitalia and
now I think his crime is a billion times
worse well let's make a deal okay you're
you claim that you're outraged you're
not pleased the right-wing trolls online
you haven't said every single one of you
who said something way way worse okay
but you're pretending to be a snowflake
and needing a safe space and all that
stuff okay so if you're that offended by
Samantha beam I'm positive you're way
more offended by Donald Trump do we have
a deal take them both down oh no it's
okay sexually assaulting women is
awesome but if you offend a Republican
woman you're gonna cry your crocodile
tears well Samantha B did what most
people on the Left do she apologized
so I do want to read you her apology she
said the following I would like to
sincerely apologize to Ivanka Trump and
my viewers for using an expletive on my
show to describe her last night it was
inappropriate and inexcusable I crossed
a line and I deeply regret it what that
is is essentially a sign I'm not saying
that she's weak but the way that it will
be interpreted by those on the right is
an admission of guilt and weakness and
they will use that to continue attacking
you what she should have said is I
denied I strongly denied it I didn't
even say it just lie like Trump does who
cares anyway that statement is written
by a PR person it's and the correct way
of reading that statement is please
don't cancel my show I know advertisers
are upset because their sensibilities
are so fragile and and they and the
Republicans are so sensitive and we
don't want to lose them as viewers which
Republicans watching Samantha bee show
but just please free Samantha be free
Samantha P okay stop making us say these
things that were in like a hostage like
video and may I please also jump in and
compare apples to apples remember Ted
Nugent referred to Hillary Clinton with
the exact same expletive so I
conservatives you guys are outraged at
Ted Nugent and you're boycotting all of
issues on does he still have shows I
don't think okay whatever that ted
nugent is doing you're boycotting right
no you love take me take me you got
everybody to the White House you got
everybody to the White House so and the
rest of it okay so the right wing's you
know right wing all right rest of the
media
stop being suckers stop taking these
guys seriously like oh my god
Republicans are outraged they care about
this c-word and offending women they
love Ted Nugent it doesn't matter oh my
god oh my god Republicans were so sorry
Samantha Pete you are a bad bad bad
person
well they were puppies dude we don't
care at all at all but Samantha P wagged
a finger too easy wasteful young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
