Harvard researchers looked into the
differences between judges who are
appointed by Democrats versus
Republicans and how that impacts their
sentencing decisions are there
differences and if so what are those
differences well the researchers found
the following republican appointed
judges sentence black defendants to
three more months than similar non black
and female defendants to to fewer up
sorry to fewer months than similar males
compared with Democratic appointed
judges so let me break that down further
they found that Republican appointed
judges are likely to be harsher on black
defendants when it comes to or black
criminals when it comes to sentencing
and a lot more lenient when it comes to
females when it comes to sentencing I
got to be honest I was surprised by the
the female convicts in this case mm-hmm
now these differences cannot be
explained by other judge characteristics
and grow substantially larger when
judges are granted more discretion so
I'm a little iffy on that part of it
because while the data might prove that
to be true I I do think that giving
judges more discretion is important
because if you start doing mandatory
minimums and things like that oftentimes
those mandatory minimums are influenced
by the private prison industry and those
who want to imprison people for longer
periods of time because there is a
profit motive behind that so I do like
judges having more discretion but
according to the data in this study
there are downsides to that in some
cases yes so I think that's a really
tough question especially when you dive
in the data here first
let's be fair to Republican judges in a
couple of different ways if you're a
woman well you want to draw a Republican
judge they're gonna be more leaning on
you as an appointed out right so now
that's not really fair to men okay but
republic judges are not the only ones
that discriminate against
african-american defendants they just do
it more
so on average african-american
defendants get 4.8 more months for the
same crimes that white defendants do
okay so now you might not know what why
privileges or you might not experience
it in your life but that's the whole
point of the phrase of white privilege
is that you never see it if you're white
so you don't know that you got five
months in prison less than a black I did
for the same crime so as you're sitting
in prison you don't feel like you got
white privilege you're not rich you
don't you don't have power you're
sitting in a jail cell but what you
don't know is you got five months less
than the black eye for the same thing
yes and that's why it's so I think
people find it offensive or at least
difficult to accept or understand what
the whole notion of white privilege is
because it's it's basically accepting
that you are not experiencing certain
things right and and so if you're not
experiencing things then it's hard for
you to understand it so if you're if
you're getting a shortened shorter
prison sentence you might not know that
you know anyway so I don't want to get
into a whole discussion about white
privilege again because people who want
to understand it do people who don't
will never understand and they'll get
triggered by it I get it
yeah but look let's so let's keep going
with the facts though and so so this is
my interpretation of it based on obvious
math here but Democratic judges that
means me give about about two months
more to black defendants than white
defendants as well it's just that
Republicans give me a bit more
sentencing like longer sentences the
blacks then then Democrats so also I
want to look this is a small distinction
and I you know take it for what it's
worth but we're specifically talking
about judges appointed by Republicans
versus judges appointed by Democrats now
we all know it's more likely that a
Republican will appoint a Republican
judge and you know Democrats will do the
same but that's still an important
distinction I hear you but like people
hang their hat on those semantics and
it's nonsense the Republican judges vote
in Republican ways so Gorsuch comes in
because there are no Republican or
Democratic judges any votes with the
Republic every time it's not
since its of course there are and
sometimes they're even elected so and
then they are in a political party in
some cases so now let's talk about
judges from states that are historically
more racist so wait how do you determine
if a state's more racist well they had
an interesting proxy for that
what is the polling on whether you think
interracial marriage is not acceptable
right so if you live in a state where
there's a higher percentage of people
who think interracial marriage is
unacceptable or should be illegal south
but not just the south if you live in a
state like that then black defendants
are treated even more harsh than white
defendants so yeah the rate is cultural
in some ways so when people say what
we're proud of our heritage well there's
good things to be proud of in every
different kinds of culture and heritage
including in the South etc but there's
also bad parts of culture and heritage
and so in this case that culture of
racism seeps down it doesn't mean
everyone in the state is it doesn't mean
every judges doesn't mean every
Republican judges but on average it does
seep down so that black people get more
prison time than white people for the
same crime for the same crime and it's
important to really emphasize that so
how was this study done what was the
methodology as I mentioned it was done
by two Harvard researchers and Alma
Cohen and Krystal yang are the
researchers who did this if let's go to
graphic 38 here's the methodology they
examined the sentencing practices of
about 1,400 federal trial judges over
more than 15 years relying on
information from the Federal Judicial
Center the United States Sentencing
Commission and the transactional records
access Clearinghouse at Syracuse
University so one of the reasons why
this particular study is getting so much
attention is because of its length and
because of how extensive it was and so
you know people who study criminal
justice are looking at this as
incredibly important data this is not a
politically motivated
did you know flawed study this is a
peer-reviewed study that again was done
over a long period of time and of course
they made sure to look at people who
were charged and convicted of the same
crime in order to compare these
disparities another finding that I
thought was interesting was that black
judges treat male and female offenders
more equally than white judges do black
judges appointed by Republicans treat
black offenders more leniently than do
other Republican appointees so yeah well
it turns out if you're a black
Republican you might like lower taxes
but you don't necessarily think black
people are dangerous cuz you're black
now by the way it's not always the case
but it turns out on average for judges
it is the case they looked at half a
million defendants this is an excellent
study I actually think they went over
the top in trying to point out how fair
and non-judgmental they were you know
one case they talked about they said
well look we're not judging whether this
is a right thing or a wrong thing what
do you mean black people are getting
lengthier sentences don't white people
for the same crime you can judge that
that's a bad thing right so it's like
over the depending over backwards a
right wing maybe it's such a baby tail
okay thing to be racist against exact
quote because I want you out let's
represent you know let's represent them
accurately
they said the following graphic 36 the
precise reasons why these disparities by
political affiliation exist remain
unknown and we caution that our results
cannot speak to whether the sentences
imposed by Republican or Democratic
appointed judges are warranted or right
that's what they said yes and I'm not
trying to denigrate them they did an
amazing study but that quote is saying
well maybe it's okay for a Republicans
to sentence black people to longer terms
than Democrats do they think that I hope
they don't think that but this is what
happens when the right wing attacks
everyone endlessly right well they're
terrified this is my read this is my
speculation so take it for what it's
worth my read is that they don't want
anyone to think that
this research was done with political
motivations they wanted to find accurate
data and make sure that it's clear that
it's accurate data that's not
politically motivated cuz they know that
this is a sensitive topic that they will
probably get attacked on I'm sure and
I'm sure that a lot of right wing will
go other I'm glad they said that you
know why because I think black people
should get more sentencing higher
sentencing for the same crimes as white
people they're more dangerous you think
people won't say that they'll say that
in the conversation of this video right
so and and and then the New York Times
bends over backwards and says well look
the study was done over 15 years but it
was 1999 to 2015 and since then the
Republican Party is also pushed for
sentencing reform some of that is a tiny
bit true do you think that's affected
all the judges in the country already oh
they got Rand Paul says he wants some
sentencing reform all right never mind
everybody they don't even know they're
doing it to be fair to them the judges
aren't going around I hate black people
I'm racist I'm gonna make sure that
black guy gets more time or I hate guys
and I'm gonna make sure the guy gets
more time for the same crime as a woman
know it's subconscious bias it's
implicit bias that's what we're trying
to explain to you and they looked at
half a million cases it's clearly
they're too easy wasteful young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
