this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every year is an
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket dot-com
Donald Trump has been furious with Jeff
Sessions and he has really had a
difficult time holding back from
criticizing sessions over the fact that
he recused himself in this whole Russia
investigation in Trump's mind Jeff
Sessions should be the one who is
fighting for Trump and ensuring that
this Russia investigation does not
continue now trey Gowdy was asked about
this during his interview on CBS this
morning
he's the Republican representative from
South Carolina and here's what he had to
say in regard to Jeff Sessions recusing
himself I think what the president is
doing is expressing frustration that
attorney general sessions should have
shared these reasons for recusal before
he took the job not afterward if I were
the president and I picked someone to be
the country's chief law enforcement
officer and they told me later oh by the
way I'm not going to be able to
participate in the most important case
in the office I would be frustrated too
that's how I read that is senator
sessions why didn't you tell me this
before I picked you there are lots of
really good lawyers in the country he
could have picked someone else now
remember in the middle of this interview
trey Gowdy contradicted Trump quite a
bit when it came to the FBI informant
that investigated Trump's campaign
having some ties with Russians during
the election and it didn't matter
because Trump liked that one small
snippet of the interview and used it to
his advantage on social media in
comments later quoted by Trump Gowdy
said Trump was merely quote expressing
frustration that attorney General
Sessions should have shared these
reasons for recusal before he took the
job not afterwards and the tweet
specifically said there are lots of
really good lawyers in the country he
could have picked somebody else again
Trump wrote that quoting Gowdy but see
that's why Trump's such a knucklehead
that's
gaud√≠ is saying that the FBI did not
give put a spy into your campaign and
that most of what you're saying is not
true but he's not even smart enough to
know that and this is about you about
the most important thing that you care
most about the thing that might get you
prosecuted but he's like I don't know
Gabi said one positive thing I like Jody
let's retweet County gaudi's good
gaudi's good we like Gowdy yeah well
then everybody's gonna quote two other
things that Gowdy said oh I didn't think
about that
because the sauce jumped from here to
here and there's only two brain cells
and they're playing what's a game bong
pong listen whether or not Jeff Sessions
recuse himself doesn't even really
matter first of all Jeff Sessions is not
your personal attorney period that the
Attorney General is not your personal
attorney period he needs to understand
how the government works but more
importantly you got to a point the
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosenstein
you got to appoint that person you
appointed him you did it okay not not
some random person Comey didn't do it I
don't know Hillary Clinton didn't do it
some rant we didn't do it you appointed
rod Rosenstein you got to appoint the
Deputy Attorney General it doesn't
matter if Jeff Sessions recused himself
it's amazing he just wants everyone to
be loyal and do exactly what he wants at
any given moment if you go against him
at all even if you haven't gone against
him but he perceives it that way he will
tear you apart
on social media as you're working in his
cabinet I mean attacking your own
attorney-general unprecedented firing
someone in your administration not
unprecedented it happens very very
rarely but it does happen from time to
time firing your own attorney general
almost never happens right now he hasn't
fired him yet but to constantly say all
my attorney general he said he did such
a bad job he made such a bad decision if
Obama had done that everyone would have
lost their minds it would have been the
most unbelievable thing that happened
Obama would have already been engaged
okay because Republicans would have
forced that kind of vote to happen in
Congress
Democrats would have conceded they would
have baoding it's a distraction it's a
distraction let's mean Beach him already
he would have been gone already let's
just keep it real
one other thing Trump also wrote the
following if he would have recused
himself before the job I would have said
thanks Jeff but I'm not going to take
you it's extremely unfair and that's a
mild word to the president
no but that's admitting obstruction of
justice in public saying the attorney in
case you don't know it and if you're a
Republican watching and you're a trump
supporter you're incredibly ignorant so
let me fill you in the Attorney General
is not the president's lawyer the
Attorney General is the top law
enforcement official for the whole
country supposed to represent us and our
laws and that's what he swore to do and
to protect our Constitution and our laws
not to protect any one person including
the president
so when Trump says well why didn't he
just protect me legally well he's saying
why didn't he just not do his job and
instead of enforcing the laws make sure
that is the laws are not enforced
against me it's an amazing admission who
would say what that guy shouldn't allow
any prosecutor to look into what I did
is it's an obvious admission that you
broke the law and that you want the
Attorney General to break the law to
protect you all so what he just says it
in public because he's too stupid to
know that you shouldn't say that in
public you're admitting obstruction of
justice and also just keep in mind the
very beginning of this whole debacle did
not include you know a specific
investigation into Trump's conduct right
there was an investigation into the
campaign's conduct possible Russian
meddling and then things really started
to ramp up after he had asked Comey to
look out for him right I mean that's
when things started to get really bad
for Trump there is why I'm saying this
is because Trump is the person who has
really amplified the focus and attention
that's directed at him including
obstruction of justice so he needs to
stop like he needs people around him I
know it's impossible
they need to get him to stop because he
is his own worst enemy when it comes to
this issue but it's become mind-bending
because if you're a prosecutor looking
at obstruction of justice
and there's a guy you find out in a
secret email or a memo said man I wish
the Attorney General had told me that he
was gonna recuse himself otherwise I
wouldn't have appointed him because I
wanted him to protect me you'd say AHA
smoking gun got you
ha ha did you guys see this memo but the
guy says it in public so you're like
wait I don't and then half the country
defensive and it's like saying well I
mean I I murder someone I murdered him
and so you're like wait but I was
investigating the murder and you just
admitted it so I'm gonna charge you with
murder but you already admitted it half
the country goes Bravo and if someone
investigates you for murdering them deep
state spies it works what he's doing
works with his base and it'll continue
to work people believe that this is a
witch hunt there's already been pulling
into this the majority of Americans I'm
not just talking about Republicans
majority of Americans believe that this
whole Muller investigation hasn't found
any wrongdoing if you can we say it one
more time because apparently again Trump
motors just don't understand the law at
all if you try to block a valid law
enforcement investigation of yourself
that is the definition of obstruction of
justice if you did it you would go to
jail for a long long time you can't talk
about spies and deep state all you like
but if you said to a prosecutor don't
prosecute me I'll give you money you're
going away for decades right don't
prosecute me otherwise I'll take your
job away you'd go away for decades right
that's what he's doing in public amazing
and then you got a bunch of idiots in
red house code you know that's right you
should break the law you know Belov's
matter but the law sucks don't do the
law yeah if somebody tries to enforce
the law fire them enjoy your total
ignorance you Magga clown of clowns two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of
our videos
you
