Allyson is in the studio she's running
yes Diane Feinstein it is a lot of you
know you got a new ad it partly attacks
the media and it's a little
controversial so that's fun so I want to
run it and then I get get your reaction
let's watch I'm Allison Hudson and I've
never slept with a porn star I've also
never called anyone a China person nor
am I an not see that's why the media
isn't covering my campaign I have been a
public school teacher for ten years and
led a national nonprofit to end
political corruption but that doesn't
raise anyone's ratings so media would
rather give billions in free advertising
to clowns and actual Nazis I'm going to
fight for Medicare for all higher wages
and college education for your kids I'm
Allison Hartson and I approve this
message
because you deserve somebody who's going
to represent you not corporate donors
all right now it's confess that I love
that so I love it too so you in and you
show the actual Nazi guy was running for
office as a Republican somewhere else
but there's a Nazi in your race yeah and
he and he got a lot of coverage and it's
frustrating you know and by the way
don't you memo I get why the media does
it and I do it - you know when Don
Blankenship says China person you got to
cover it it's insane but I would hope
that we would also cover legitimate
candidates who actually look out for
people that's exactly right
I mean it makes sense to cover it people
need to know who they're actually voting
for for everybody running especially
when you look at how legitimate my
campaign is how much I'm leading I mean
we have a trifecta what I'm leading with
volunteers I'm leading with small dollar
donations which means I have more people
donating to more like human beings
donating to my campaign than the others
even the corporate candidates I'm
leading in social media by six to eight
times above every single other candidate
every single week we report this we send
it to the reporters nothing yeah that's
the frustrating part because I also
understand the frustrate
reporters well what metrics should I use
they're used to using money as a metric
but we did their job we said okay look
your other metrics allison is nearly
last night checked on your website 1935
volunteers all right yeah so that's
that's a nice metric that's that means
you've got a lot of momentum passion
behind you etcetera winning is small
dollar donations that's a great metric
because that means that's actual human
beings as opposed to Lockheed Martin an
AT&T etcetera right and and and then the
social media that you're crushing in etc
nope nope nope nope nope what does it do
it incentivizes bad behavior it
incentivizes people to say outrageous
things to try to get attention instead
of trying to do the hard work of getting
volunteers and small donors but
nonetheless to poll just came out and I
am statistically tied for second place
right now oh yeah just just two points
right right behind kdl and but when you
consider the margin of error at four
point two percent in this this by most
recent poll I'm statistically tide could
go and so you guys understand I've said
this a lot but if you're watching for
the first time California the top two
advanced to the general election doesn't
matter what the party is Republican or
Democrat so if you're in second place
that means you're going you're going to
general election
so Feinstein is leading she's the
incumbent she has enormous name
recognition and then it's a free-for-all
and in that without almost any media
coverage allison rose up rose up rose up
and now is in a statistical tie for
second place and elections next week
yeah and so when you when you look at
all of those those metrics that we just
laid out and the polls that are coming
out and it's poll after poll almost
every single poll and let's let's keep
it real like the polls are flawed they
are absolutely flawed every each poll in
their own way but regardless of that
every time they include me I am in the
race I am statistically tied
statistically close it's going to be a
nail-biter yeah it really is and last
thing about that is
one guy has a ton of money in the race
self-financed and he did a ton of ads
and he rose up because name recognition
is so important so when you we asked you
to donate to the just democratic
candidates like Alison it's so for a
number of reasons one to hire the staff
to organize 2,000 volunteers and two so
that they could actually do some ads of
their own I mean you just saw that ad
that ad is awesome that ad is crushing
right and it has great social media
traction but we need to give it a push
and that's why we also push Alison arson
dot-com /go and all the other yeah and I
want to let everybody know too that we
are running five of our ads right now on
online and we're we're using a lot of
our donations to do this it is proving
to actually work we are getting with so
many more thousands upon thousands of
people now even more so than before
coming to my website coming to Facebook
and and Twitter and every five dollars
our data is showing is reaching 30 more
voters or at least 30 more people so
anything you can do to donate we're
gonna keep pushing these ads out but we
we know that it helps to bring in more
votes especially for people not taking
corporate PAC money that's the bloodline
and so that's how we win
