Ammar company jars running for Congress
in the 50th district a great news for
him is that he is winning he's in the
top two along with a Republican
incumbent and by a considerable margin
so and he's got the lead in volunteers
and all the other things that we
discussed normally but we're talking
about Allison getting and not getting
media coverage but be careful what you
wish for
because you have gotten media coverage
and it hasn't been great so tell us
about that yeah I mean my my opponents
actually been starting to attack me he's
actually a fist place the establishment
Democrat we're in second place in every
poll and we did what the establishment
wanted us to do we out raise everybody
including the establishment congressman
Duncan Hunter we have more volunteers
than all of them combined and we're
leading in the polls so you know when
they go low we go local and we're
starting everything we can all the
resources we have into our field program
but last week you did a little piece
where an establishment reporter just out
of nowhere said he's leading but by the
way his grandfather and I used that term
very loosely was a terrorist or
something right died 16 years before I
was born and I knew him as much as
anybody here knew that man and then the
next week they're saying well a marsh
supports Donald Trump's Muslim ban so I
don't know which one it is I - llama
phobe where on my terrorists I'm not
sure but both sides are trying to attack
me and it just shows that there's
desperation from the establishment both
of those things can't be true but they
could both be false and that's what it
is so in the beginning for 15 months
I've been campaigning up on Pro jobs Pro
Medicare for all tuition free college
fighting for dreamers like my campaign
manager fighting for LGBT rights like my
field directors and because of that the
establishment is freaking out on both
sides so there's a lot that I love about
the story I want to show graphic for too
because that's a fun thing that Omar's
got how many volunteers yes about 700
700 okay you but your goal for 800
itthere okay okay there's this cool
poster will show to in a second oh it
reminds me of Sparta there you go did
you make that oh I know you guys made no
Teddy that's art oh that's one of our
view
who made that I love it is that your
area code or 808 I thought maybe you're
going 400 bylines I'll take it but yeah
okay this is sparta that's the incentive
right okay so now let's talk about that
what you mentioned there because this is
really truly preposterous first of all
you never met your grandfather died 16
years before you were born right so but
they're like they're trying to smear you
with it it's now if I'm a reporter and
somebody says to me hey you got to cover
this story this guy is his grandfather I
did X Y & Z oh okay and what did he do
with his grandfather let's go he never
met him okay okay wait why do you want
me over the story right that doesn't
make any sense but a lot of the
establishment press were like great got
it
very good okay grandfather did this what
else would you like me to smear them
with right and then to turn around for
your opponent to say yeah but he's with
Trump on the Muslim man what so I
thought your grandfather was the Muslim
terrorist and stuff but now your
foremost so but so you're half
palestinian half Latino now that's you
know that's right right yeah and you're
for the ban of immigrants I literally
don't know where they got it from what
where do they pull that from I have you
know where to me it's it's it's it's
it's it's disgusting but it's also on a
personal level it bothers me it actually
does bother me and it does because you
know I my father is Muslim and I think I
grew up without him being around I would
do anything to have more times with my
dad why would I ban my own father from
coming to this country it just makes no
sense it just shows that they're so
desperate but I think we could fight
back against these attacks which is what
I need the progressive people's help to
do because clearly the attachments
willing to do whatever it takes to
undermine our race and they're willing
to spoil it enough to maybe let hunter
win this again so I want to know what
the progressives are willing to do to
make sure that we could win the seat
bernie sanders beat hillary in this
district so it's possible for a
progressive to break through yeah so I
wouldn't do a couple of things first of
all let's put up the links for Omar and
and so people know where to go to
donating to volunteer and to get them to
either 800 or 808 I don't know what
we're going for
I know we're going for sparked overall
and and links will be down below if
you're watching later on YouTube or
Facebook and and then I want to show
graphic one because this is the poll
that came out and so again top to
advanced to the general election doesn't
matter what the political party is okay
that's California so the incumbent of
course has the big lead and a lot of
people are undecided that's true
analysis race in everybody's races right
and and because a lot of the the newer
faces including um are people don't know
as well that you don't have as much name
recognition so people are trying to
figure out who to vote for but you're
clearly in second place there and if the
election were held today and and the
polling all seem to indicate this you
would move on the establishment pick is
all the way down at fifth place at 5%
okay so a New York Times reporter I
don't know if he saw it or didn't see it
or didn't bother looking at it this
morning tweeted that you're the guy in
fifth place was leading right I just
again I don't get it like where was it
that I guess it must have been that
somebody in Washington told them oh this
is our Pig so he must be leading right
and he's not doing his due diligence I
tweeted out and he fixed it good because
I know you were gonna respond to him but
I was gonna respond a little less boy
the good news is that that we know in
the primary it's used more Republican
because we don't wake up as Democrats
until November so that's a pretty good
poll for that reason the second thing is
that whole Trump thing my opponent
actually spent about $120,000 on mailers
before that poll was done so this is
post attack polling it's not holding
because I'm not talking about identity
politics about me being Latino or Arab
or whatever we're talking about
working-class issues my district the
unemployment rate of my district is
double doors in San Diego County that's
what I care about I don't care if you're
a brown kid in El Cajon or a white kid
in Alpine pain is pain I don't care what
you're going through and my goal is to
represent everybody even the people in
that poll who won't vote for me I'm
gonna be voting for them in Congress for
Medicare for all for good jobs for
health care for everybody for the
environment and making sure that the
future is as bright as
today is for the next generation yeah
they're the ones who brought racing this
for no reason at all right and so and by
the way whenever an incumbent is under
fifty percent that means they're in
trouble because in the general election
there's only two people and so that the
I've been covering politics for over
twenty years when you got an incumbent
under fifty percent there hurt dog right
and so there Duncan Hunter has got a
possible criminal investigation hanging
over his head and he's well below 50
percent so that's why these primaries
are so important if the progressive
advances well they're actually looking
they're having more populist campaign
they're looking to deliver for everyone
talking about higher wages etc that's
something that could win as opposed to
the establishment idea which is I'm a
little less Republican than him it's a
losing strategy so one last thing you
mentioned how well you're doing among
donations I want to go to graphic to
hear this is amazing because this is all
money okay not just small donor money
but yours is all small donors there you
don't take any corporate PAC money not
at all so yeah you're just Democrat so
you're not allowed to take that you
don't take that and you're still out
raising not only the establishment
Democrat who's in fifth place but the
Republican incumbent right you're out
raising the Republican incumbent with
only small donor money that's amazing
absolutely and I mean that's because we
have a real people powered movement it's
an authentic campaign and I thought
that's what the establishment wants
somebody who will step up and step in
and fight for all of us instead they're
backing this candidate who's using the
exact same kind of fear-mongering and
xenophobic rhetoric that the
establishment claims to hate and is
resisting against but they're actually
embracing the guy who doing it so I
think there's a lot of hypocrisy going
on in Washington and that's why people
like us have to go up
