how did you find wolf pang in the first
thing so you did not watch The Young
Turks
right so that's how most people find
Wolf Pack - keeping a real right but it
wasn't you you know you didn't have any
idea about the show so you're a teacher
and what did you do - and how did you
find that group looking to get money on
internet search so I was already
volunteering with other groups to get
money out of politics and I was
dissatisfied with I loved the groups and
the people that I was meeting but I was
really decide with the solution so I
kept doing research and I kid you not I
was I was probably 15 pages into a
Google search where I found wolf pack's
website
oops very good search engine
optimization well not now now that's not
the case but this was this was years ago
and so by their congratulations on being
the only person to ever go 15 pages
exactly exactly but I was so desperate
to figure out how to solve this problem
and there was not a single group out
there that I knew of that really that
really felt right so I found wolf pack's
website and honestly jank it was like it
was pretty rough it was a pretty rough
website okay
and I thought to myself I remember
sitting in my living room in my
apartment and I thought this looks like
two dudes in their living room threw
together a website and said let's try
and save the world and so I was like
well now maybe it'll be two dudes and a
gal volunteer and it turned out it was
actually a pretty big organization but I
signed up to volunteer because
regardless of whether or not the the
organization itself had any kind of
validity which it turned out it did of
course it had the best plan it had it
had a solution that was aggressive and
that was logical and the only
organisation to this day doing that
what-what Wolfpack is doing to get money
out of politics there's no brainer for
me so that's super interesting because
so even though I started the show
would eventually become the
longest-running show on the Internet
that's where we are right now I suck at
tech and so and the first couple of
organizers at Wolf Pack then none of
them are tech people we're like I don't
know what we do for a website Hey and
the people who worried the yonkers don't
work at Wolf Pack that's this is a
totally different or is it just set that
organization up by myself right and and
so a couple people helped out in the
beginning Dave Aaron and stuff like that
and then one of them who's such a great
guy was liked it this is overwhelming
I guess so you're looking at this like
mangled website you know where we're
almost rough talk to you and ran you off
okay and you saw the slick websites of
the other groups because there's a lot
of other groups all right yeah now among
progressives there's wonderful
progressive groups right our revolution
the guys I always talk about right among
people are gonna get money out of
politics there's some good groups there
really are and you'll see me I'll go to
their conventions and stuff and then
there are some and they don't really
mean it and they're actually working
against you they just want your money
yeah platform yeah
wolf - back that comes okay that's the
real site anyway and it's better now
and it's about that actually were about
to redo it yeah yeah we're pretty
excited Mike Minetta now runs wolf pack
and he was national director along with
us and now he's the sole national
director and he's pretty psyched about
the website they got coming up cuz we
finally got tech volunteers and they're
like step aside butch we got this right
anyway but when you looked at the other
sites why weren't they convincing III
was interested in the substance I was
interested in the plan I was going to
every single person's plan like what so
what happened was when I when I signed
up to volunteer I I went to a rally in
Los Angeles and I Sai I went to every
single table I signed up to volunteer
with every single group and my plan was
to just learn to just sit back and hear
what they had to say what I needed to do
to catch up on what they have been
working on for all of these years for
some of them for
decades and and so I did that and I just
was like you know these sound like great
measures these sound like great steps
forward but there's nothing that's going
to solve the problem and for me I'm not
interested in spinning my wheels I'm not
interested in doing this just to have a
career like I really want to solve these
problems and get back to my life right
and so the the if you guys don't know
and I'm sure most of you do but the goal
for Wolfpack is an amendment and we
solve it
we end private financing of Elections
and so that's getting the money out of
politics and so everything else is okay
some of it is nice progress some of it
like I said it's counterproductive right
but overall if you don't get the money
out of politics what are we here for
right yeah and you know I've really come
to believe and and this is based on
history to that coming at our government
from every single angle is very
important so having all of the different
groups working on all those angles and
those prongs is is critical and a lot of
the groundwork they've laid has allowed
us to come in as wolf pack and do what
wolf pack has been doing so I think that
that is important for us to recognize
but we're not going to get to where we
need without wolf pack I am 100%
convinced of that
yeah and I and so if you're an organizer
Thurnau alice' wanna being a mega
organizer and she organized like
thousand volunteers in california i got
the resolution passed in california
then there's over 30,000 volunteers in
wolf pack but and they'll be days where
you get discouraged and you're Manning a
booth somewhere and and you know it's a
hot day and not many people are coming
by looking to save the country or the
government or whatever or the Dolphins
or whatever you're looking to save right
but don't get discouraged because one
day a young woman like Alice is gonna
come to your booth and it's gonna make
all the difference
okay so stay strong
