this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every years in
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big-money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket calm Bloomberg did an
investigation and found that a reporter
for Breitbart had recruited a Bernie
Sanders supporter a black man by the
name of Bruce Carter in order to rally
support among the black community for
Donald Trump this is one of the most
incredible stories and it gives you a
sense of what went wrong with Democrats
in the past election and more
importantly just how those on the right
think and utilize the flaws of the
Democrats to their favor so this all
started when Dustin Stockton who at the
time was a Breitbart reporter reached
out to Bruce Carter Bruce Carter was a
huge Bernie Sanders supporter he was
doing canvassing for Bernie Sanders
throughout the country he was selling
Bernie Sanders merchandise in order to
help fund the trip throughout the
country to do all of the support of work
and then the whole thing with Hillary
Clinton the DNC emails all that stuff
came out and Carter became incredibly
angry with the Democratic Party and so
Stockton took advantage of that and
reached out to him and was like hey
maybe you need to convince black voters
throughout the country that voting for
Democrats does not serve their best
interests maybe they need to either stay
home during the election or vote for
Donald Trump cuz you know he's thinking
outside the box
now Carter said the following he would
go around and say if you can't stomach
Trump just don't vote for the other
people and don't vote at all okay and
then he recalls telling black voters
that it's the message he says the Trump
campaign wanted him to deliver that's
what they wanted that's what they got so
there's a lot of interesting stuff here
I saw black men for Bernie in their bus
and I think that they were super legit
at that point I think
I had this hardened to see how easy it
was to manipulate them one of the things
that they showed Bruce Carter was this
insane movie called Clinton cash and
they were trying to pass that out during
the Republican Commission that's when
they gave it to him
Breitbart tried to give that to me and
they're like oh you guys should run this
on The Young Turks I was like yeah I
don't think so in the garbage right no
as much as I couldn't stand Hillary
Clinton you think I'm gonna get
manipulated by you into running insane
propaganda hell no right and to me the
most interesting parts are how they then
incentivize Bruce Carter to do this how
some of the community reacted and then
what they did to him after the life yes
that's my favorite part yeah it's it's
pretty terrible so first let me give you
some information about what Carter did
and how successful it was in terms of
you know some of these swing states and
convincing the black community to either
stay home or vote for Trump so Trump
vastly outperformed the projection
models in the 12 areas Bruce was
targeting in Pennsylvania North Carolina
and Florida I never liked telling people
not to vote but from a tactical and
strategic position we looked at it if
you could get them to vote for Trump
that was a plus - it was a plus one
Dustin Stockton says if they simply
didn't vote at all
so it's an admission of something that
we know that they try to suppress the
votes that are not likely to go to them
which yes is definitely the black vote a
Latino vote the young vote and and this
goes all the way back to Paul Wyrick who
formed a lot of the conservative
organizations
he said admitted in his speech in 1980
he said I don't want everyone to vote I
only want our voters to vote so this
whole idea of like the ideal of
democracy they're not interested in that
they're interested in power raw power so
they can get a guy like Bruce Carter to
go and manipulate people they're
thrilled to do that to get him to stay
home so Hillary Clinton for example in
Philadelphia got 35,000 less votes then
Barack Obama did now it's not all Bruce
Carter there's a great number of
different
factors and yes those districts were far
more african-american and yes they might
have been more motivated to go vote for
an african-american president who was
historic and so and and Hillary Clinton
didn't know great job of energizing
people and all that is true but even if
he had a small effect it still matters
and it's important and trumped and win
the election by much and more important
than any of that is the intent to
deceive you
right the intent to deceive you is the
worst part but look I think that the
root of this issue was the fact that
manipulation did happen through the DNC
in order to favor Hillary over Bernie
when those emails were leaked that led
to a lot of anger a lot of frustration
among Sanders supporters and so sure you
know you have people like this Breitbart
reporter trying to manipulate
individuals and exploit their anger to
their advantage but let's not lose sight
of what the root of the issue was and
it's something that you know
unfortunately a lot of establishment
Democrats haven't learned any lessons
from and I'm worried that they're gonna
make similar mistakes moving forward
okay now with that said let me give you
more details on what happened so
Stockton the Breitbart reporter and
Carter sketched out plans for him to
travel to swing states
Carter created a website and launched a
GoFundMe campaign that raised about
$7,000 on August 26th of 2016 about 10
weeks before the November 2016 elections
Breitbart published Stockton's exclusive
about Carter he was just convinced I'm
gonna go to these swing states I'm gonna
talk to black communities in these swing
states and let them know hey Hillary
Clinton referred to you guys as super
predators they're not looking out for
you maybe it's better to support Trump
you know shortly after he did this tour
of the swing states Trump gives that
speech where he says he wants to help
block communities and you know and how
they have nothing to lose it was just it
seemed like a very orchestrated
concerted effort by those on the right
and to some extent it worked but of
course it's hard to measure how much it
worked so look and he was not
well-received by a lot of people in the
community in Philadelphia
an elderly man threatened to beat him
with a cane it's my favorite part of the
story
and another area that it was
lower-income housing projects they threw
rocks at his bus when it was painted
with the you know Trump is here to help
you kind of logos now they're lucky the
Israeli Defense Force weren't in the bus
but so but Carter is an interesting
character it's amazing what you'll get
yourself to believe if there's the right
financial motivation so he doesn't go
fund me think it raises 7,000 bucks okay
something but not much but here come
Republican supporters yes so first
Carter says the work I did was not for
the campaign and I didn't do it
independently so I don't think I broke
any campaign finance laws he the work
Carter says he did and the funds he was
given to do it also raised questions as
to whether campaign finance laws were
broken now that was the analysis by
Bloomberg let's get into some of the
numbers you mentioned the $7,000 through
GoFundMe if there was coordination
election law dictates that any
contributions to groups such as his must
fall within individual limits no more
than $2,700 for a candidate one
supporter though exceeded that cap
giving about a hundred thousand dollars
to Carter's efforts so this is how it
works so you need an african-american
guy to fight against other African
Americans well hey I got $100,000 a
Republican supporter to just give him
the money okay
and you need Latinos to fight against
Latinos we can give him a Fox News
contract we can give them a Republican
donor money you need women to fight
against women you have more money than
you know what to do with so this is this
kind of scam that we told you about all
along on The Young Turks we've been
telling that they've been doing this for
a long time this is just an amazing
clear example because now Carter after
what happened to him in the after the
election is coming forward and saying
yeah here's the emails here's the money
they gave me here's what happened now so
this woman Steele Pillsbury gives him
$100,000 and he's off to the races
paying himself and the expenses it's
then he's going to try to raise money
from another Republican dollar donor
outside of Dallas and this guy is Darren
Blanton and he's put in touch with him
through Steve Bannon now what does
Blanton do he says oh yeah I'm gonna
give you a lot of money man way over
$100,000
come this way come this way keep going
keep going and apparently according to
the emails he does give him a little bit
of money a little taste right
and he keeps stringing him along until
the elections over and they go psych not
gonna give you the money and then they
turn around and let me give you the
quote from this great Bloomberg article
a little more than a week after the
election
Carter's financial supporters backed
away from plans to work with him on
ambitious urban restoration efforts and
I do want to mention that as well
because in addition to the money there
were a lot of promises being made about
helping urban communities you know we're
going to ensure that you know we push
for a policy that forgives black
individuals who've been convicted of
crimes just all sorts of empty promises
which of course they didn't deliver on
and as soon as the election happened
they they don't want to work with him
anymore and so when the right-wing was
asked to comment about that and when
Carter himself reached out was like
what's going on why have you guys cut
ties with me like oh we decided to do a
criminal background check and and found
that you were convicted of a felony
decades ago and so we've decided to cut
ties no oh my god why didn't you do that
background check when you decided to
work with him in the first place no no
no no you see what they think of you
they're like oh yeah here's a little bit
of money do our bidding will tell you
we're gonna do urban restoration you
think Republicans are gonna do urban
restoration and then they went and said
oh no no for all the people wrongly
convicted of those drug charges we're
gonna get him out of jail how could you
be so stupid as to believe that right
but hey when there's hundreds of
thousand dollars on the line all of a
sudden somebody get themselves to
believe they Trump's here to help black
people and then after the like
not only do they not pay you the extra
that they promised you then they cut
their ties with you and then they call
you a criminal that's right it turns out
well they thought a black people all
along is hey we you're easy to
manipulate and afterwards super easy to
smear when we call you a criminal how
easy is it gonna be to get away with it
and and you know what they what the
charge was decades ago it was a gun
charge
oh that Republican donor outside of
Dallas is really concerned about that
you had a gun at one point right well
you're black so he probably was
concerned you had a gun at one point so
many comes to find out no they were all
empty promises and he wasn't gonna get
his money I don't know what to think of
Bruce Carter I don't know if he's a
chump or he liked the money and he and
if they had kept on giving him money
he'd be on Fox News now right either way
I got no interest in him but most
important is that you know how this game
is played so when you see somebody on TV
and they're talking against their own
group and telling you sweet little lies
about how the Republicans are here to
help them understand this is the shell
game they play on you every time two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
