researchers looked at the death toll of
those living in Puerto Rico and how
Hurricane Maria impacted them
turns out the death toll is
significantly higher than the official
government statistic now this study was
published in the New England Journal of
Medicine and what the researchers found
was that the death toll in Puerto Rico
post hurricane Maria was more than 70
times higher than the official
government count so just to get into
some specific numbers at least 4645
people and perhaps as many as five
thousand seven hundred forty died in
Puerto Rico as a result of Hurricane
Maria and I just want to be clear about
something the relief efforts in Puerto
Rico have been slow and have not been as
effective as the Trump administration
would have you believe in fact I spoke
to some of the relief workers who are
providing support in Puerto Rico I
spokes them over the weekend because I
was curious how things are looking right
now and what I found was or what they've
found is that the touristy areas in
Puerto Rico seem to be doing pretty well
but everywhere else they're still
without power and without you know the
necessities to continue surviving and a
lot of people are concerned about that
right now now the official government
death toll for that storm pales in
comparison at 64 the official government
statistic is that 64 people have died
post hurricane Maria that's obviously
not accurate now the study's authors
reach their conclusion after surveying
3299 households about deaths and causes
of death between September 22 2017
through the end of the year and what
they found was hey there are lots of
issues in terms of medical needs and not
having the power to support those
medical needs so the interruption of
medical care was the primary cause of
sustained high mortality rates in Puerto
Rico following the hurricane chronically
ill patients were especially vulnerable
to the disruptions
in basic utilities so if you guys
remember Donald Trump went down there
after the hurricane and he kept saying
that that the people Porter girls should
be proud at the low death count it was a
bizarre thing to say in the first place
what does that mean well I mean there
hurricane is literally a force of nature
and if it's gonna wipe you out it's
gonna wipe you out now if he was talking
about preparedness which I'm not sure
was great in that case okay that might
make more sense or the reaction to save
people's lives but it was fairly
terrible and and I guess that's why
Trump as usual feeling insecure wanting
to protect his record to not worry about
people was like oh no you should be
proud you should be proud at only at the
time he said only 16 people died that's
what he claimed and that's what the
government to be fair that's what the
government was claiming at the time okay
and now they're claiming 64 and when it
turns out it's in the neighborhood of
5,000 and Trump had also said now you
know with Hurricane Katrina was
thousands of people who died and so you
should be so proud that not as many
people died here and now it turns out
that almost three times as many people
died in Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico
has died in in Hurricane Katrina which
was already enormous amount of people
1833 had died during Katrina but now
Maria apparently it was way worse and it
and man there's a lot to answer for here
whether it's the federal government over
the government of Puerto Rico not
telling us the true severity of this
disaster well the relief efforts were
and continue to be lopsided if you
compare relief efforts in Puerto Rico to
what happened in Florida and Texas let's
just keep it 100 if parts of Texas and
Florida were still without power today
there would be so much anger especially
among the conservatives in the country
because those are conservative states
but the reason why Trump made those
statements at the time the official
death statistic in Puerto Rico was about
about 16 people and the reason why he
made that comparison to
Treena was because he was trying to you
know puff up his own chest and make it
seem as though hey you know this is not
my Katrina I I have done a great job in
handling this situation when in reality
that was not the case by the way we
haven't even talked about the suicide
rate in Puerto Rico which skyrocketed
following the hurricane reports of
suicide attempts on the island more than
tripled between November of 2017 in
January of 2018 things are not good in
Puerto Rico there are still parts of the
of the island that are not you know
receiving the the electricity that they
need the utilities they need the
resources they need they have been
forgotten and don't let anyone tell you
otherwise so there's one additional salt
and wounds here and it comes from
apparently a Democratic lobbyist so
nummy key Kostas done a great job of
covering Puerto Rico for us on TYT
politics she's one of our reporters but
she pointed out something to me today
covered back at the end of last year by
Latino rebels calm they pointed out that
13 Democratic senators to their credit
had said we should investigate the
official death count and this was back
in October of 2017 so great job by those
senators including by the way Bernie
Sanders and Elizabeth Warren
but then Vantage night founder Manuel
Ortiz who's a described as a prominent
Democratic strategist and one of
Washington's top lobbyists wrote to
those senators saying don't do it
they're the Democratic governor they're
Richard
Rosella will look bad and appear
incompetent if you guys investigate this
so because he's bad and incompetent so
don't do it he's a Democrat you should
protect that's ridiculous
so people in power both Democrats and
Republicans unfortunately always looking
to protect their own which is other
powerful people but credit to the
Democratic senators who insisted on it
and now to the journalists who found out
the real answers two easy ways for Young
Turks one is hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified
our videos
