meet Matthew Charles in 2016 Matthew
Charles was released from federal prison
after serving 21 years for a nonviolent
drug challenge I don't leave here with
the mayor said that his son said done
deal
I leave was like okay that was good what
more can be done he is so special
everything he does he does from his
heart only to now face being sent back
to jail due to a technicality man this
story gets me you know there's something
wrong with the system when Tammy
lobotomy and I are actually on the same
side of an issue and this is an issue
that should be bipartisan
it should outrage every single American
black white left right everyone should
look at what's happening to matthew
charles and be left feeling like you've
just been punched in the gut
after serving 21 years of a 35 year
sentence in federal prison for dealing
drugs in the 90s matthew charles had his
sentence reduced thanks to an obama
administration initiative and received
early release in 2016
since then charles has exemplified
precisely what it means for a release
prisoner to turn his life around he has
held a steady job he volunteers every
saturday has reconnected with his family
and is involved in a steady relationship
I can't imagine coming here and him not
being here it's gonna break my heart he
has done everything that society could
ask a fellow citizen and veteran to do
after returning from prison but in truth
his rehabilitation started years before
in prison he took college classes and
correspondence courses he taught in a
GED program and became a law clerk with
his training he helped other
incarcerated men navigate the judicial
system long after their public defenders
had moved on to other cases
he helped inmates who struggled to read
or write keeping their illiteracy a
secret so they wouldn't face ridicule he
read them letters from the court and
drafted filings for them in the library
he organized Bible studies encountered
newcomers this is all amidst two decades
in federal institutions from maximum to
low security without a single
disciplinary infraction despite all of
this Charles is now going back to jail
to serve out the rest of his time why
well because previously he had a short
stint in state prison prior to his drug
conviction in his youth in federal court
has determined that Charles was legally
a career criminal and ruled that his
sentence reduction had been granted in
error requiring him to go back to prison
to
finish out his full sentence yep here we
have a picture perfect example of a man
getting his life back in order
contributing to society an example for
others to follow
and he's been sent back to jail because
of a damn technicality identified two
years after his release and this is
where my blood boils and remanding him
back to prison the judge called
Charles's case side and actually
commended his exemplary rehabilitation
but I did that her hands were tied
this is where I call bull I am so
sick of hearing this well those are the
rules that's just the way it is it's a
load of shite every single day
federal prosecutors across this country
exercise reasoned discretion on how to
apply the law they have the power to
choose whom to charge and with what
crimes like the way they had the power
to not incarcerate this man who raped a
five-year-old girl and received house
arrest of his punishment for ruining a
child's life is staying in the comfort
of his own home for three months so how
does this man get shown leniency while
someone like Matthew Charles is hit with
the full wrath of the book and I know
different state different crime blah
blah blah I'm talking about system
leniency that's it not race not crime
not state laws but just plain leniency
frontman who has paid his dues and
righted the wrongs in his life and you
know who could put this right by
commuting this sentence President Trump
I mean if not for Matthew Charles at
least he could do it for himself
either way this man has already proven
he is worthy of a second chance so why
take it away from him
for me on Instagram Francis in Maxwell
on Twitter also at Francis M Maxwell
make sure to like and share this video
as always you can subscribe to tae
network.com /join and continue to resist
