this segment is presented in partnership
with down-ticket TYT and down-ticket
want to remind you that every year is an
election year and with down-ticket you
could help even the playing field
against big money and special interests
by contributing directly to your
favorite candidate just open up the
browser on your mobile phone and go to
down-ticket dot-com there's been a lot
of attention on a story involving
unaccompanied minors that the Department
of Health and Human Services had lost
track of it was a story that infuriated
a lot of people because there was this
thought that there are undocumented
children who are just lost running
around the United States without any
idea of what they're doing or where they
ended up and there should be some
concern about it but the story is being
conflated with the new Trump era policy
that splits children from their parents
as they approach the border seeking
refuge well I will not conflate those
two stories but I will give you the
details on both of them and I want to
start off with the missing migrant
children now the nearly 1500 missing
migrant children came here in the United
States back in 2014 they were
unaccompanied minors that came in from
Central America and usually when that
happens the federal government tries to
find their parents or they try to find
sponsors in the United States that can
take care of the kids in the short term
while they try to figure out what to do
and oftentimes the sponsor will share a
phone number with the federal government
with the Department of Health and Human
Services specifically in order for the
Department to get in touch with those
kids later but all they ever get is one
phone number and oftentimes some of the
sponsors that they team the children up
with are here with an undocumented
status themselves so oftentimes they
don't answer the phones or they change
their number or they had a prepaid phone
that they no longer possess and so as a
result when HHS tried to get in contact
with these kids and their sponsors they
couldn't get in touch with nearly 1,500
of them now those children are different
from the children who are now being
in away from their parents as their
parents come to the border seeking
refuge so I want to be absolutely clear
about that now in late April top Health
and Human Services official told
Congress that his agency had lost track
of nearly 1,500 migrant children who had
recently left government custody
but again let me iterate they didn't
lose the children they are just unable
to get in contact with the sponsors now
for those who are wondering okay well
what's up with that loophole in the
system why is the government okay with
just getting one phone number and then
they just leave it alone well it's
because the Department isn't funded
enough and isn't given enough resources
to actually keep checking up with the
children in a more comprehensive way so
if you're worried about that loophole
consider the fact that we just gave
corporations massive tax cuts when we
already had insanely limited resources
to run the government properly in the
first place now the department responded
to these news stories and they defended
themselves so I want to read you their
defense the children are not lost their
sponsors simply have not responded to
follow-up calls from the office of
refugee resettlement the HHS Department
that oversees the care of unaccompanied
alien or minor children
Eric Hagen who works for HHS says the
following while there are many possible
reasons for this in many cases sponsors
cannot be reached because they
themselves are illegal aliens and do not
want to be reached by federal
authorities so that's another issue
under the trump administration there's a
lot of fear about answering to federal
officials who want to keep track of
those children or keep track of them as
sponsors so I want to understand this
right Anna so of the the children who
came on a company didn't they didn't
have parents that get separated for them
in the first place they would get placed
with folks inside the country under
Obama and Trump I am uncertain as to
whether or not these are kids who got
placed with sponsors under Trump I do
know that the majority of them were
placed under the Obama administration
because these were the unaccompanied
minors who came in back in 2014 so this
was two years prior to the election even
taking place okay and and then now we're
gonna have a whole new
kids yes who are going to be largely
brought to detention facilities and not
to these homes okay so basically now
what's gonna happen under the Trump
administration and its new policy of
separating children from their parents
as they reach the border it's going to
exacerbate the problem because a the
federal government doesn't have the
resources to actually follow up on these
children after they get taken away from
their parents and be a lot of them will
be sent to detention facilities if
authorities are unable to find a sponsor
for them so some of them end up in you
know low security detention facilities
they're still surrounded by barbed wire
but it's not like a max security prison
or anything like that
either way they're still held in
government custody and that's pretty
traumatic for minors and away from their
parents and a lot of them are very very
young and some do go to potentially
maximum-security facilities as well some
go to army bases that seems to be the
plan at hand
so if they came in as an unaccompanied
minors that is a it's a really really
tough situation and whether it's a
democratic or republican president
including whether it's Trump what do you
do with that situation it's there's no
there's not an easy answer there I agree
with you Anna in your implication that
obviously we should do better funding so
that we don't go well I don't know where
the 1,500 kids went right I mean they're
not lost that we just can't find them
well that means they're kind of lost it
doesn't mean they're lost in the woods I
know that they're probably hopefully in
a home somewhere but the government has
not been able to track them but that's
part of the reason you fund the
government that's right right so I know
that the libertarian Republican
ideologies government doesn't do
anything but no you're wrong government
does a lot of things including when a
kid cries across the border we got to
make sure that we take care of them in
one way or another and and if we can't
find them by the way.you Republicans
should be angry at that to be fair right
they're undocumented and now they're in
the country and you're not going to be
able to find them so okay and let me
just explain the differences
between Democrats and Republicans when
it comes to the issue of not being able
to track these kids and knowing where
they are so Democrats are concerned a
rightfully so that these kids can
sometimes be trafficked here in the
United States so there was a case
recently where two undocumented children
were found to be trafficked in the state
of Ohio so that is a legitimate concern
and everyone should be concerned about
that
on the Republican side while I'm sure
there's some that are concerned about
that it seems as though the primary
concern is well we're just allowing
undocumented children into the country
and then we're not keeping track of them
thus adding to the number of
undocumented people in the United States
yeah either way can you just please fund
the government in a way that it could
just function so we don't lose 1,500
kids in the country what add one more
thing here I so Trump on Saturday
tweeted put pressure on Democrats to end
the horrible law that separates children
from their parents once they cross the
border yeah Democrats didn't push for
that first of all there is no law
stating that so let's be clear about it
secondly it was something that was
directed toward immigration officials by
the Trump administration they demanded
that these kids get separated from their
children at the border as a deterrent in
fact I'll give you Attorney General Jeff
Sessions quote he said if you cross the
border on lawful even a first offense
we're gonna prosecute you if you're
smuggling a child whatever that means
we're going to prosecute you some people
are actually are smuggling children and
they should definitely be prosecuted
something but most of the families are
just families it doesn't mean they're
smuggling kids they're kids right he
says and that child will be separated
from you probably as required by law and
of course the reality is it is not
required by law it is the Edict of Jeff
Sessions and the Trump administration do
that
now I bring that tweet up of course
Trump misspelled there that's nothing
surprising because he's a child and no
one is there to check him and and hold
them in any way shape or form
accountable okay under the major issue
them I remember one year fact-checking
organizations declared Obama
a statement that you will be able to
keep your insurance after a Affordable
Care Act as the lie of the year
now why was it the lie of the year they
said because if you had a really bad
insurance you couldn't keep it you had
to get better insurance that the
government would help pay for why
meanwhile everyday trumped us and lie so
outrageous it's almost a hundred ex of
that so-called lie of Obama's but it's
but we're inundated were under a
waterfall of lies
how insane is it for Trump to claim that
the Democrats passed the law to separate
kids from their families when he's the
one who's doing it he has no connection
to the truth he doesn't care at all
later in the tweet he went off on the
Democrats for supporting ms-13 earlier
he had said that the kids were ms-13 a
couple of days before that and said oh
yeah yeah we were stopping a lot of
these kids they're dead but they're not
so innocent they're not really kids a
lot of them are ms-13 so wait does that
doesn't make any logical sense you're
saying the Democrats are separating the
kids from their families but the kids
are ms-13 and the Democrats are soft on
ms-13 but he knows that his own
followers don't care about logic they're
not interested in it all they care about
is their feelings and most of their
feelings are hatred and fear right but
also it goes even beyond that because if
Trump tweets the Democrats need to end
this terrible policy of separating their
children from separating children from
their parents right I'm obviously
paraphrasing what are you tweeted what
what does that mean that means that now
Democrats have to come forward and
defend themselves and say statements
like we did not pass any law separating
children you see what I'm saying like
all of a sudden Democrats have to play
defense and and Trump gets to put
whatever he wants out there and you're
right his voters his core base will
believe anything he says even if there's
really no logic behind it even if it
contradicts a tweet that he had put out
thirty seconds before the the
objectionable tweet yes and by the way
tomorrow he'll turn around and say we
had to separate the kids the kids are
dangerous and the families are dangerous
if they didn't want them
rated they shouldn't have come here in
the first place and the same followers
will go yeah that's right
it's a Democrats fault and and we at
Trump had to separate the families makes
no logical sense doesn't matter they're
not concern with facts and reason they
concern about their feelings two easy
ways to follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
