we are called this day to remember to
memorialize the dead who gave their
lives taking up arms for their country
for our country we are called to do so
that their sacrifice not be in vain and
the way to honor that covenant is to
endeavor to ensure that what they
purchased with their lives is the
freedom of our children and their
children to live lives that no longer
involve such sacrifice Memorial Day in
other words calls upon us to remember
the past that we not repeated to take
seriously and take upon ourselves the
duties and burdens of declarations of
war to reject unnecessary entanglements
that draws past the seas that protect us
because the danger of remembering is
that we see only the past only past
threats only past fears Memorial Day
calls upon us to do more than remember
because memorializing is about more than
the past it obliges us to build a future
that lives up to the sacrifices of our
past it calls on us to make a world that
was worth dying for
a nation that has earned those
sacrifices the hope of that promise the
joy of that future is what I mean when I
wish you and yours and ours a happy
Memorial Day
