johnson and johnson headed back to court
this week to fight another lawsuit from
a woman who developed cancer after years
of using Johnson & Johnson baby powder
uh this this story just continues
getting crazier the last verdict that
was taking place was in New Jersey I
believe so yes and they come back with
multi-million dollar verdict against
Johnson & Johnson the interesting thing
about it is Johnson & Johnson has lied
and told the American public we don't
have asbestos in our baby powder and now
that now the lawyers that are trying
these cases not only are they showing
the jury here's the asbestos fiber you
know they do this they bring in
scientists they do they do a scope the
the material and they're able to show
that asbestos fiber right there am a
sight chrysotile asbestos it's right
there and so years and years the
company's been saying oh you don't have
to worry about asbestos now P now women
are dying from cervical cancer because
they they use this Johnson Johnson baby
powder their entire lifetime
and thereby dying from mesothelioma
right and this woman in this particular
lawsuit that began on Monday of this
week she died from from very rare form
of cancer they said at age 30 yeah you
know cancers that usually take
mesothelioma takes but but she had used
baby powder all her life so she's dead
at age 30 because of Johnson & Johnson
and what's interesting about this case
too and at first I didn't agree with it
but the more I remembered about this
case because you and I have spoken about
this we don't what you see on the road
is all the coal but they brought in
their another one of the defendants is
Rite Aid the pharmacy right and so at
first I thought well you can't
necessarily hold them accountable for it
but then I remember the marketing
materials Johnson & Johnson worked with
the pharmacies to create these big
displays the pharmacies were complicit
with it to make sure that they push this
talcum powder especially in low-income
communities they would go to areas with
higher populations of african-american
and Hispanic women and the market made
the major
that's their major marketing source they
it's a cultural issue these lot of these
children grow up with a parent putting
baby powder all over them and they're
told well this you got to do this all
your life this will make you smell
better and this is good hygiene and
they're told there's no harm in that
you know the whole time that they were
doing that with Johnson & Johnson Town
outter it had asbestos in it I mean it's
a lot look where do they get the talc
they get it out of mines they've looked
at the mines where they get the talc
there's asbestos all over the town mines
and so all of a sudden you know it's
another deal where we keep Johnson
Johnson keeps telling this lie and they
live and hid for 78 million 75 million
117 million right what has it been five
verdicts so far and hundreds of millions
in total that they paid out because
they've lost every single case their
land what tells you that is those are
different juries you see those are
different juries that hear the facts
they see the documents they see the
fight they see the fiber there it is
right on the microbe it because yeah
that's another thing people have to
understand they do they are literally
taking the fibers out of these cancer
tumors yes and they can you know here's
examine it and they say they found it in
the tumor right and that stays in there
yes and they also find it in actually in
the powder well I got to tell you it's
you know we're used to that we're used
to these denials that we see from the
these companies all the time but it
always ends badly this is a big problem
for Johnson Johnson better figure out
how to deal with this because their
stock is gonna start crashing case being
tried in South Carolina right now if he
comes back with another one and then a
friend of Mines trying to another one
down in East st. Louis I think in June
or July this this is snowballs the
problem is you got defense firms that
are telling oh we can win
yeah well the defense firms are being
paid a gazillion you know these defense
firms note that no exaggeration are
being paid seven to ten million dollars
every time they go to trial so they
don't have any any reason to tell
Johnson and Johnson
you got a runaway train here buddy you
better deal with this because they're
Silk Stocking law firms you know they're
in towers you know 50 50 60 story towers
that they own filled up with
you know uptight right-wing Silk
Stocking defense corporate defense firms
and so they're telling the company you
know we think we can win well you know I
think the votes are in right now the
companies that was high County was hired
to provide intelligence on the Dakota
access pipeline protesters is trying to
weasel their way out of the lawsuit that
accuses them of operating without a
license in North Dakota you found this
story I you know I just did it I did a
segment on it with ed Schultz the other
night tell me what's your take on this
case what's so fun about this is that
Tiger Swan is basically their private
mercenary company
not unlike Blackwater most of their
contracts are for work over in the
Middle East mercenary works security
work allegedly but so you had energy
transfer partners owner Dakota access
pipeline who hired them from North
Carolina say go find everything you can
out about these protesters help us with
intimidation help us with you know
background checks if one of them has a
criminal record we can use that against
them so every day while this tiger Swan
was was hired by ETF they would send
their little drones or whatever to take
photos of the encampments they would put
together daily intelligence briefings
for ETF and now that they're being
accused of operating illegally in North
Carolina their defenses whenever we
never went to North Dakota North Dakota
we never went there so we can't be
accused of operating there because we
did all our stuff from back here but
there's photos the intercept has that
shows you were in North Dakota
intercepted a wonderful store as usual
yeah the intercept that I did it again
they're a great source of real
information corporate media hates the
intercept because intercept tells
stories that corporate media can't tell
you and but on this particular situation
they also did a great background on
target on this company and its
Blackwater basically their corporate
mercenaries hired by the government this
is what's so interesting initially hired
by the government to push back on
terrorism to do counterterrorism work
now that's not just you know that's just
not surveillance that's hands-on you
know spook work did this company here
they are on American soil American soil
using those same techniques with
Americans
citizens too that are out there
protesting saying we don't want your
damn pipeline on our property and and
they admitted in the documents that the
intercept got that they are treating
these people like terrorists they said
they're on this jihad they're you know
akin to Isis people who didn't want this
pipeline going through sacred Native
American lands and poisoning aquifers
they're they're jihadis in the eyes a
tiger Swan but what's also interesting I
know we only have a few seconds here but
Tigers wants info that they gathered on
the protesters ETF is trying to use that
in a lawsuit against the protesters so
that's why Tiger Swan wants this other
illegal operation suit to go away
because if they're found to have
operated illegally all that alleged
evidence they gathered is getting tossed
out but lawsuit the big lawsuit is
against the company that hired Tiger
Swan and Tiger Swan for the rubber
bullets the gas the injuries that they
did to these protesters they had no
license to do it in the state of North
Dakota
