okay Trump just completed a deal with
the Chinese for lifting the sanctions
that we had on a company called ZTE so
they're the second largest
telecommunications company in China the
fourth largest in the world so why do we
have sanctions on them in the first
place because they sold our technology
to Iran and North Korea now two
countries that we are having significant
issues with as we speak
Trump says Iran is so dangerous that he
had to rip up the deal we had with the
Iranians but this companies sold
technology to them they had to pay a 1.3
billion dollar fine so why would you let
him off the hook well Trump tweeted
earlier too many good jobs are being
lost in China what I don't remember you
running on a China first policy
I remember you running on American first
policy so now great reporting on this
that we shared with you on the show
earlier showed that it turns out this is
a good deal now Trump it just came out
after making the deal and saying ZTE can
now again do business with us by the way
one other thing that you should know the
Pentagon says do not do this deal they
can use those devices to spy in on us
including our servicemembers Trump's
like yeah whatever
okay that's the Pentagon's problem
that's America's problem not my problem
so - in order to justify it he came out
and said I just made it better deal I we
had a bad deal with them and I made a
better deal with them so does that mean
that we're going to be protected that
they cannot use their devices to spying
on us no it doesn't mean any of that so
what's the better deal well he's
actually right about that he got a great
deal for himself the reporting that I'm
referring to is we found out that that
Indonesia is opening up a theme park and
they are giving a giant licensing fee to
the Trump Organization so what does that
have to do with China and ZTE well ZTE
is connected with the Chinese government
turns out the Chinese government
invested five hundred million dollars in
that Indonesian resort and gave them a
500 million dollar
alone as well so the Chinese government
gives a billion dollars to the
Indonesians they ain't no anisha's then
turn around and give a huge amount of
money to Trump and then Trump all of a
sudden cares about jobs in China Oh too
many good jobs are being lost in China
so he had to make a deal
did America gain anything from that deal
nothing nothing did Trump gain yes he
gained millions upon millions of dollars
this is as corrupt as it gets this is
not systemic corruption about campaign
donations or independent expenditures
this is old school
actual corruption so on this alone they
could impeach him you know it's brazen
he's doing right in front of everybody
he's supposed to divest from his
businesses he didn't he's supposed to
have a blind trust he doesn't he knows
he has those that deal in Indonesia he
knows he's gonna personally benefit from
this deal what happened magog eyes he
ripped all you guys off and he thinks
it's a joke the joke that he played on
you America first he doesn't give a damn
about you or your jobs
he just enriched himself at your expense
