TYT investigates with another great
story can clip assign a wonderful piece
here that's illuminating on how
Washington works it is about a a top
advisor to Ted Cruz so very relevant in
these times so the gentleman name is
Omri sarin and he is currently one of
the top national security advisors to
Senator Ted Cruz but in the past he was
working for Davis block LLC that is a
lobbyist and consultant group now okay's
working for them that's fine but he was
registered as a foreign agent okay
interesting
for who well that's what Ken looked into
for the Ivory Coast all right well what
was going on in the IR Yukos at the time
while their leader was laurent gbagbo
and he had just lost an election and he
in in 2010 and he decided not only want
to go so he launched a bloody civil war
to stay in power and he hired Davis
block to help him delay so that he could
stay in power and to do propaganda in
America so that America would not put
pressure on him to leave and so after
that though that's when the real horrors
began so according to prosecutors from
December 16th through December 19th of
2010 Gbagbo oversaw a campaign of murder
rape and quote other inhumane acts the
court granted 727 people victim status
for the proceedings and and so he is now
standing trial at The Hague for crimes
against humanity
now did only a help in this particular
case he did register as their foreign
agent he did work at this company well
Kent colobus Stein reached out to Lanny
Davis who is one of the founders of that
company and Davis confirmed that Saren
did work on that case he said it wasn't
very much but listen to the quotes
themselves they're very important here
he said Omri may have sent out a few
notices to reporters that means yes
he absolutely did work on the case and
then what was it about he said that's
what only sent a few notice about we
need a commission okay so I want you to
I want to explain to you the Commission
part so what the lobbying group was
trying to do is set up a commission to
delay things so that Gbagbo could hold
on to power longer and could continue to
do what he was doing in terms of the
violence to crush his opposition now
Lanny Davis says no no no no no no he
was just we were just trying to find a
safe exit for him and that's why we were
doing the commission now that does not
appear to be the case but you know but
Lanny Davis did talked to our guys and
we're quoting him so you could make up
your own mind okay so why did they do
this why they represent a guy that they
knew was in the middle of a bloody civil
war and was not leaving power the u.s.
wanted him to leave power after he'd
lost the elections
well Lanny Jay Davis an associate
reportedly was paid $100,000 per month
to represent Gbagbo's regime well 100
thousand dollars a month
we'll get you representation it doesn't
matter who you are by the way that same
firm represented another dictator and
got a million dollars for it so to me
this is an interesting story about Lanny
Davis who by the way now also
represented Michael Cohen but he's also
represent the other side to Ukrainian
oligarchs connected avada mere Putin
Lanny day was taking money from him
anybody apparently and so will this Omri
ser√°n working for Ted Cruz
and what when we asked him about it
Davis said quote I did not defend a
corrupt dictator I represented him I'll
leave it to you to see if you think that
that is a important distinction he went
on to say no no no he now believes that
Gbagbo was a corrupt disgusting
murdering dictator
did he not think that Gbagbo was a
corrupt murdering dictator
as he was committing rape and murder
toward his opponents who were upset that
he wasn't leaving office after he was
elected out but to be fair at the time
he was getting paid $100,000 a month no
that's right sometimes that money can
kind of confuse you I think you blind to
certain things and his lieutenant
working on it now helping Ted Cruz in
Texas Ted curious to know do you have
more you claim that you care a lot about
morality you have I mean this is a guy
who for money represented a brutal
dictator who's up on charges at The
Hague for literally crimes against
humanity so are you proud of that are
you gonna continue to have this guy's
your national security adviser my god
what is he advising you to do okay by
the way here's Davis's another excuse he
said well I was working I was really
working secretly with the US State
Department to get the thug Gbagbo out of
the country to honor the results of new
elections right so now apparently if you
hire lanny davis he'll take your money
and secretly work against you
interesting okay I don't know which of
those things to believe but I do know
that neither one of them sounds very
good for him or for his lieutenant here
and then they're not alone though and
the reason I think it's very relevant to
Ted Cruz knows all this and hires them
anyway right so very relevant as to why
Ted Cruz thinks this is a great National
Security Adviser
it's relevant aligning Davis but to me
the most important part is how does
Washington work have those guys make
money this is how they make money
is it it's not exclusively how they make
money but it's a big part of it yeah but
the lobbyist community K Street etc it's
a huge part of it and so some of it we
see some of it we don't see and and and
what do they do to cover up for anyone
multinational corporations whether they
pollute their you know Monsanto Exxon
etc they do some good in the world
there's some terrible things in the
world and when they need a defense you
just pay these guys I mean if they're
willing to defend mass murderers you
they won't defend a company that
pollutes in through a stream next to
your kid oh of course that's Washington
101 in fact one more part of this story
a Gbagbo's American defenders included
Senator Jim Inhofe from Oklahoma who
expressed concerns about the replacement
of Gbagbo a Christian who had attended
the National Prayer Breakfast in
Washington by the Muslim Alesana a Torah
so understanding that is amazing so no
no I we got to support the Christian guy
who's committing murders and rapes in
his own country after he was elected out
of office right women because he'd be
way better than the Muslim this is
insane this is insane these are US
lawmakers who are turning a blind eye to
dictatorships in the world okay
people who literally commit murders and
rapes it's okay it's okay
he comes to the prayer breakfast that's
all that matters and by the way that
National Prayer Breakfast TRT
investigates has done great stories on
that too that's where marina boo Tina
the Russian agent went and tried to
recruit conservatives into her cause you
know whether she was successful is an
interesting question you should read
some of those articles I don't know why
Democrats are still going to that that's
insane a lot of Democratic politicians
goes out National Prayer Breakfast and
other thing that that TYT investigates
exposed was that they then send
representatives all across the world to
argue against gay rights in those
countries and some of those countries
we're not talking about whether you're
going to bake a cake or not so the
countries have then said it's okay to
execute gay people and these are the
guys claiming that their moral well it's
okay he's a Christian so you know he's
against gays and wants to crush them in
his own country that's great and then
this other guy he does mass murder and
rape and crimes against humanity but at
least he's a Christian and Democrats are
still go to the National Prayer
Breakfast have you lost your mind
so we'll get to that too and Lanny
Davis's final defense of Omri amused me
he said he's an old friend and a
colleague on pro-israel causes he is one
of the finest people I know with
outstanding integrity and conscience
everything's okay as long as you're
pro-israel
okay so reporters in Texas over to you
it is it relevant that a person running
for Senate and current incumbent senator
from Texas as as one of his top advisors
someone who didn't mind taking money to
represent a mass murderer fair question
on the go don't worry we got you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
