Joe Crowley is one of the most powerful
Democrats in the House he's considered
the number four Democrat he raised a ton
of money we're gonna talk a lot about
that here and you know normally I say
with people they're usually nice people
in real life the problem is the systemic
corruption uh and I met Joe Crowley once
or twice he seemed perfectly Pleasant in
person for the 90 seconds or so that I
talked to him in his case they are the
corruption goes so deep I do question
that but it's not important because it
isn't about the personalities it isn't
about the people it's about the system
and systemic corruption that's in it and
this story is about Crowley and now his
new primary opponent Alexandria Castillo
Cortez and what an interesting race
she's made this he represents the queens
in the Bronx barely that's his district
whether he actually represents them is a
different question one we're gonna
tackle here but this story is larger
than that this is an interesting story
about how politics works overall and
intercept did a great job with this I -
Chavez and Ryan grim working on it so
they explained that as everybody knows
Crowley is considered the party boss in
Queens so he holds a lot of power in
that district so we're gonna show you
how you use that power in a second but
first let's go back to 2008 the
financial collapse it happened and Joe
Crowley was one of the Democrats who
orchestrated the bailout for the bankers
now those same bankers happened to be
his donors but once again we were
assured that that was a coincidence a
little bit of a problem here because as
Chavez and Grimm point out Crowley found
himself caught up in an ethics probe
having taken campaign money from
lobbyists representing financial firms
just before voting against imposing
tougher restrictions on financial firms
on Wall Street now he was cleared my
guess as to how those proceedings went
is hey do we all take money from the
bankers yep yep yep we do we all do
whatever they ask of us yep mm-hmm yep
okay all right well then we are
adjourned you're free to go Joe
and a right that he can take money from
those companies those bribes are now
called donations and they're called
independent expenditures and the Supreme
Court made them legally you and I know
exactly what they are using Wall Street
banks give to politicians because of
charity know those banks know that guys
like Joe Crowley are now they're
basically unofficial employees we give
you the money and you are told you do as
you are told boy and that's what the
Republicans do less Paul Ryan is their
biggest boy they have in Congress a
smart guy with the budget no what did he
do with the budget he destroyed the
budget the only thing he ever did was
give a giant tax cut to the rich as he
was ordered so Crowley that takes his
orders and does as he is told when the
New York Daily News reported on the
unfolding scandal the scandal back
Inouye it noted that Crowley when he was
first elected relied heavily on labor
union money but has since shifted to
Wall Street cash here's this quote I
love this Court I think I've matured
here both personally and in terms of my
assignments
Crowley explained at the time well
that's what we call it so when you start
taking Wall Street cash that's called
maturing okay and then here's another
great quote from Crowley he said many
people here in Washington view me as an
important figure well isn't that grand
and that's true a new view him as an
important figure they're like that's the
money guy that's mr. moneybags he's in
New York he goes to Wall Street takes
all their money says yes sir absolutely
sir for example today bunch of Democrats
voted with the Republicans to rollback
dodd-frank and to let the banks run wild
again who's the person who funneled that
money to those Democrats Joe Crowley in
fact we're gonna explain that in a
second so whores to his donors today
Crowley's second biggest donor the
Blackstone Group is a close ally of
President Donald Trump funny it seems
like we're told by the Democrats that
those are two wildly different parties
but they seem to have the same donors
who want the same things and by the way
the donors always get what they want
and the Republicans say yeah we
delivered for the donors and Democrats
go oh sorry I guess there was nothing we
could do well you could have voted
against rolling back financial
regulation mm-hmm but you didn't do that
you could have voted against the
bailouts but you didn't do that you
cheat you were the top cheerleader for
the bailouts okay so let's explain how
this game is played again to the
intercept at the time Crowley was the
vice chair of Finance at the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee his
fundraising generosity a way to win the
favor of colleagues and rise in the
ranks he's been on a steady climb since
and has only gotten better at hauling in
cash so far this campaign season Crowley
has raised 2.8 million dollars and has
1.6 million dollars cash on hand
according to the Federal Elections
Commission is filing that is a ton of
money you have any idea how hard it is
to raise money from small donors you get
a ton of individual donors but man
getting up to a million dollars is a
enormous challenge but if you go over to
Wall Street with a giant bag double bag
you go here give me 2.8 million dollars
so like you're gonna give me a tax cut
that gives me 2.8 trillion dollars yes
sir I am sir okay great here's your 2.8
million does super easy why wouldn't I
do that that's an amazing return on
investment right and would you buy just
Republicans now you'd buy Democrats to
do is sure victory makes sense and if
you're gonna buy Democrats you go to Joe
Crowley now what's the second half of
that now the chair of the House
Democratic caucus
he has spent much of 2017 and 2018
doling out checks the moderate and
conservative Democratic candidates
around the country part of a
behind-the-scenes bid to be in a
position to replace House Democratic
Leader Nancy Pelosi if she's ousted by
her colleagues after the November
elections and what would be the result
of that house we would get someone just
like Nancy Pelosi behind door number two
is another person serving Wall Street
and the donor class well what's the
point of door number two and the most
important part of that was where he
funnels the money takes the money from
Wall Street and gives a lot of it to
conservative Democrats as so-called
moderate Democrats
oh they got tough races that's there in
purple states and red states so they
gotta win that's their excuse it's a
logical one but it's an excuse and what
do those conservative Democrats do well
they were just with Donald Trump
celebrating today yes we voted against
the people and for the big banks funny
looks like the money from the big banks
went to Joe Crowley then to those
conservative Democrats who now bragged
that they voted with the big banks but
I'm sure that if you live in Washington
and I mean I can't even call them stupid
they're purposely blind to they don't
want to see it because it's
uncomfortable you say that's not
corruption are you saying that the
Honorable gentleman from the queens is
part of this systemic corruption and is
actually serving the big banks yes that
is precisely what I am saying in case it
wasn't clear enough now another person
who's for the big banks and has make all
of his money from the banks is Mike
Bloomberg former mayor of New York he's
also the guy who did stop and frisk now
Queens and Bronx is largely minority it
has Rikers Island a terrible terrible
prison with horrible abuses and and
almost all those abuses go towards
minorities has Joe Crowley fought for
his citizens and queens and Bronx maybe
try to shut down Rikers Island which is
in his district by the way there's a
whole move in to shut down Rikers Island
it's Joe Crowley part of it no it's when
he goes to Bloomberg is he gonna let him
hear it about stop and frisk because it
mainly affects his constituents and the
Queens and Bronx no guess what he's
gonna do you're gonna be shocked he's
gonna raise money with Mike Bloomberg
and he did he raised a lot of it so
here's a description from his opponent
Alexander across here Cortez so we got
the guy who created stop-and-frisk who's
paying the representative of Rikers
Island to continue this racket of
incarcerating black and brown people in
New York City is a racket in team let me
show you Alexandria she's running this
campaign and I want to be clear here
we're honest in our reporting I had
nothing new this reported the intercept
they're a different group but I do
support Alexandria
she's a just Democrats a group that I
helped to start I think she's a
wonderful
candidate from that district and I do
not believe that Crowley is a wonderful
candidate and why did I pull it out of
the thin air is it personal not remotely
it's because of this he is a huge part
of the system of corruption she is
looking to overthrow that system of
corruption so she was a break the wheel
if you will
she is uncorrupt it does not take any
corporate pac money so in fact let's
compare their donors okay
nearly 75% of Ocasio cortezes donations
are small individual contributions those
are the ones that are under $200 while
less than 1% of Crowley's funds are
small donations according to open
secrets why like other establishment
Democrats like Dianne Feinstein they
don't bother taking your money like look
we're not gonna serve you and what are
you gonna give me $27 I'm not interested
let me go to a bloomberg get-together
I'm gonna have 2700 dollars per person
there's gonna be hundreds of people
there
easy money I'm gonna go to Wall Street
even give me millions we're gonna put it
into our packs and tens of millions
sometimes hundreds of millions of
dollars
you're $27 that's why Crowley doesn't
even bother trying to get money from you
less than 1% of his donations as someone
on the show and another host said very
accurately
look everyone represents their donors
the difference is for Acacio cortez her
donors are you guys before Crowley his
donors are Wall Street so take your pick
and that is a decision they're gonna
have to make soon in New York this
primaries coming up so but before we get
there I want to tell you part of the
reason Ocasio cortez in this race in the
first place because she suffered an
injustice her family did that it turns
out you know funny and tragic turn of
events is somewhat connected to Joe
Crowley so I want to tell you how power
works at the local level now New York
Daily News in this case explains for 30
years the same three men have
effectively controlled on the largest
Democratic organizations in America they
are gerard sweeney
michael rice and frank bolts the
powerful attorneys who serve
representative Joe Crowley
the chairman of the Queen's County
Democratic Party okay so
those three lawyers serve Crowley well
what do they do well let's go to the New
York Times now and they explain a
particular court in Queens they say that
is where you find the surrogates Court
otherwise known as widows and orphans
court this court appoints guardians who
make handsome fees processing the
estates of those Queens residents who
died without wills to enter this Court
is to stumble upon a ponce de Leon's own
spring an eternal source of easy money
for the politically wired well as it
turns out one of the families has
stumbled upon that was Acacio cortezes
her father passed away suddenly and did
not have a will so they go to this
surrogate court and they think that that
court is going to help them no it took
four brutal years to make it through
that court all along the attorney fees
are piling up and piling up and piling
up or your dad left in a state such as
it was now we're gonna take more and
more of that and less and less for you
meanwhile they had bills to pay
they were so close to foreclosure that
concierge Cortes explains the bankers or
whoever was doing the processing for
them literally came up with some taking
pictures of their house because they
were gonna sell their house so well how
much money do Crowley Crowley's allies
make from this well we go back to the
Interceptor Sweeney's office according
to The Daily News made thirty million
dollars as counsel to the public
administrator of the court from 2006 to
2017 administering the estates of people
who died without will thirty million
dollars over about a 12 year period that
is a ton of money and that money is the
thing that greases a lot of these
operations so another one now Scott
Kaufman who served as Crowley's campaign
treasurer for 17 years made almost half
a million dollars from assignments by
the court from 2006 to 2017 the New York
Post reported last June Kaufman's Hall
prompted a state probe into possible pay
violations but Crowley and his
cronies somehow always survived the
probes hey this looks not ethical
no don't worry it'll go to our
like-minded friends where they'll decide
no high-five keep taking the money so
since then
Acacio cortez has entered this race and
they eventually did get through that
court like I said in four years and she
saw not just that injustice but
injustice after injustice in her
district and said you know what we can't
wait for a knight in shining armor I'm
gonna mount up I'm gonna do it okay and
she has organized hundreds of volunteers
they thought they were gonna knock her
out of the race Crowley does legal
tricks every time you need a 1250
signatures that's a lot but you have to
do more than that because they do legal
challenges and and the courts are also
run by the same racket so they thought
they're gonna be cute about that so
Ocasio Cortes didn't get 1250 signatures
she got 5,000 signatures how do you like
them apples
okay so then she started doing all these
progressive proposals like Medicare for
all she fought for that the rest of the
just Democrats fought for that over 70
congressmen flipped on Medicare for all
including Joe Crowley
so intercept explains well their
concierge Cortes giving him a real
challenge from the left Crowley came out
and endorsed Medicare for all he did
that two weeks into this run now
Crowley's people say oh no no no she's
not making him any more progressive he's
always been a progressive advocate
really he had years upon years to sign
up as a co-sponsor for Medicare for all
I got me didn't take that time he had
years to spot on money to progressive
Cantonese and sort of conservative
candidates how come he didn't do it he
had years to fight against money in
politics for example and say you know
what this is systemic corruption we
should have public financing of
Elections he hasn't done that yet either
okay he's not interested in any of that
stuff because he gains from the
corruption and after she forces him to
sign up for a Medicare for all
super obviously oh no no we we were
always fit in favor of it then why
didn't you sign up before because you
were not in favor of it in fact you're
not in favor of it now and Ocasio Cortez
explains that to Crowley's financial
interest she maintained our quote at
odds with everything that this community
needs so you can't really trust his
recent policy shifts to be anything
deeper than face value anything deeper
than a reelection bit do you really
think if you live in Queens or the Bronx
that Joe Crowley after the elections
like you know what I'm not gonna
represent Wall Street interests anymore
I'm gonna fight like hell for Medicare
for all
no he's gonna do nothing and then when
the Republicans win again he's gonna say
oh well there was nothing we could do
now there is something you could do
which is go vote should go vote in all
of these elections primaries are even
more important than general elections
actually pick a candidate that
represents you we will have links to
Alexandria concierge Cortes down below
in the description box on YouTube or
Facebook but you make up your own mind
fine look do your research you like a
candidate back to a candidate it's
different than a just Democrat have at
it Hoss look into all the progressive
groups or any group you like but most
importantly take your government back
get the power back being charged the way
you do that is by voting and the
corruption young turks too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
