this week Politico has been doing a
negative story about our revolution or
its president Nina Turner for Bernie
Sanders literally every single day of
the week they have another one today so
I've already broken down two of them I'm
getting tired okay so instead I wanted
to help a brother out now they've been
attacking our revolution saying that
they're in disarray and they're failing
organization they had the admit in the
midst of one of those stories that yeah
they actually went 40 percent of their
elections now what they didn't explain
this context because they're terrible at
their job and apparently they don't know
anything about politics our revolution
is a new group it started after the 2016
election waiting 40 percent of your
elections with a new group with
candidates nobody's ever heard of that
are running in races where they are
greatly outgunned on on money is nearly
miraculous if you don't understand that
please please stop being a political
reporter because you're not okay it's
deeply embarrassing now I got good news
for Politico because I know they love to
play the balance game Republicans said
this Democrats say this okay all the
world's scientists say we have climate
change Republicans say that we don't
let's go on fifty-fifty right and and
the list goes on and on so except and
not so balanced when it comes to
progressives almost never write a
positive story about a progressive I
challenge you to find any okay and so
for example the same article where they
criticize our revolution for not
supporting Kerry ceman who's a
progressive in Nebraska well just
Democrats supported or we won was there
a positive article about us no only
negative articles in the mainstream
media they hate progressives they're
deeply biased against progressives and
so but I'm gonna help about this the
whole point right so I'm gonna help them
out in two different ways so I haven't
seen an article on the this week's
elections remember it on Tuesday four
states Texas Georgia Kentucky Arkansas
big States big elections well let me
show you the that our revolution did
have losses they had five losses that
night okay Richard Becca
Rick Trevino also adjusts Democrat that
one hurt Laura Moser also just Democrat
Teresa Gallego
in and then Jose chato Bella all of
those guys lost okay so by the way the
just Democrats another progressive group
the one that I started went to four five
same batting average forty percent that
our revolution has been doing so far in
these elections and but again for a new
group astounding they're all were way
outspent and they want anyway so all
right how about the wins fascinating
that Politico didn't write a story about
somebody called Politico turns out there
were more wins than losses in fact there
were seven wins here let's show you
those chic Sheik Rahman they helped a
guy named Sheikh Rahman win a Georgia
State Senate seat just note that for the
record
Shelly Hutchinson Adrian Wallace look at
these Wiz in Georgia and Kentucky
Lisa ring that's a congressional seat
Lisa rings also just Democrat in Georgia
Maureen Skinner Paul Walker Stacey
Abrams that's a governor's seat look at
all of these wings in the deep south
seven wins five losses I did the math
that's better than 58% political were
you at mainstream establishment press
where are you at look they're not fake
news they don't go and invent stories
out of whole cloth right on the other
hand they are deeply deeply biased and a
lot of them don't even know it they're
like but every article they write about
a progressive a progressive group
disarray oh yeah they can't even win
100% of their elections because that's
their mindset that's the bubble they
live in they ask all their friends in
Washington we progressives right
progressives they're never gonna win
Bernie Sanders Nina did never get a win
right high five high five everybody
agrees right when it comes to the
Democratic Party that's the
establishment where's all your articles
about what miserable failures they are
they lost over a thousand seats in the
state level should I go over this again
the house the Senate the White House the
Trump the Supreme Court they lost
everything
and they
tons of money they spent billions of
dollars in 2016 where is your article
every single day about what losers Chuck
Schumer Nancy Pelosi the DNC the
d-triple-c are oh no but those are your
friends and everybody in Washington
makes it oh I do declare the Democratic
Party establishment they're brilliant
brilliant brilliant really at a bare
minimum if you're gonna write hatchet
jobs against their about their so-called
problems again I disprove that almost
none of that was true except for one
thing which by the way our revolution
fixed today you should also write about
their successes but you're never ever
gonna do that cuz you have not hatred my
is I think is the wrong word
they have disdain for progressives they
look at progresses and think they'll
never be in power all the people in
power take corporate donor money and
Sheldon Adelson money and billions of
dollars in funding those are the people
who are so smart and played
three-dimensional chess how come they
just got their asses handed to them by
an upstart group in the middle of the
South this week and you never wrote
about it two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on youtube you're notified of our
videos
