it turns out that Donald Trump might not
be getting the Nobel Peace Prize after
all
stay with me oh so a bunch of
Republicans eighteen of them had
petition that Donald Trump should get
one based on the peace deal that he was
gonna make with North Korea well hadn't
happened yet as Bush used to say so I
would have held back on that one now if
he had done that deal and I've said this
from day one then I think it would have
been amazing fantastic I would have been
completely in favor of it and I even
think that his bluster might have helped
to get the North Korea's to the table
I've also said that throughout but it
turns out we're not even going to have
the talks at the very end of the story
there's a great little thing about how
the Republicans had already started to
do basically their endzone dance and and
celebrate it turns out yeah you might
want to put that celebration back anyway
here's all Trump announcing the end of
the potential summit that was to never
be based on the recent statement of
North Korea I've decided to terminate
the plan summit in Singapore on June
12th well many things can happen and a
great opportunity lies ahead potentially
I believe that this is a tremendous
setback for North Korea and indeed a
setback for the world
I've spoken to general mattis and the
Joint Chiefs of Staff and our military
which is by far the most powerful
anywhere in the world that has been
greatly enhanced recently as you all
know is ready if necessary so I'm gonna
tell you how Donald Trump got played on
this and it's one of the guys standing
behind him that totally clowned him and
actually did ruin any chance of Trump
victory on this issue but before I do
that I want to give you one more quote
from Donald Trump because it gives you a
sense of what went wrong here he
actually wrote a letter to kim
jeong-hoon
and and in that letter he said sadly
based on the tremendous anger and open
hostility
displayed in your most recent statement
I feel it is inappropriate at this time
to have this long planned meeting now by
the way I don't want you to get the
wrong idea I hope that the meeting does
eventually happen right now the one that
was planned in June has been cancelled
it's not to say that it's never going to
happen
it might and I hope that it does but
there are people within the White House
who are looking to sabotage it which by
the way I think again it hurts Donald
Trump and his accomplice potential
accomplishments etc but they're
undermining him for a reason I'll
explain that in a second so hey
conservers out there this is this is
kind of a palace coup in it in a sense
the one that you've been looking for
there in the house
so first the South Korean reaction now
the South Koreans have been trying to
put this together the whole time they
reach out the North Koreans and and
share the Olympics a little bit in a way
they didn't have to but it was a great
gesture they were still hopeful that
this meeting was gonna happen despite
some tough talk back and forth earlier
and of course did we tell him ahead of
time that we were gonna cancel the talks
no in fact is reporting that President
Trump might not have even told his own
State Department before he sent the
letter of course no preparations no
forethought no homework all that stuff
so the South Korean spokesperson sounds
bewildered they said we're attempting to
make sense of what precisely president
Trump means well you and us both brother
okay the whole world's trying to figure
out what in the world Donald Trump means
exactly and in this case he's miffed now
why is he missed it's because of the
insults that the North Koreans did to
two people John Bolton and Mike Pence
now why did they do those insults and
why do I think those two people are
actually trying to undermine Trump so
first let me show you what John Bolton
said over the weekend on television I
think we're looking at the Libya model
of 2003-2004 we're also looking at what
North Korea itself has committed to
previously and most importantly I think
going back over a quarter of a century
to the 1992 joint north-south
denuclearization agreement where North
Korea
committed to give up nuclear weapons and
committed to give up uranium and
Richmond and plutonium reprocessing
so that was the first red flag why on
God's green earth would you mention the
Libyan motto
he's saying we want North Korea to do
what Libya did which is give up their
weapons well what happened to Libya
afterwards we attacked him and killed
their leader you would only mention that
if you wanted to not only antagonize
North Korea but to remind them that we
are actually not going to meet our end
of the bargain that's undermining Trump
that's sending a message and if you
don't know I talked about this on the
show before well before John Bolton ever
said that you think that North Korea is
most concerned about is well the
basically what they're now calling the
Libyan model what happened to Qaddafi
Qaddafi makes a deal and then gets
killed by us and Bolton knows that
trumps stupid he doesn't know anything
right never heard of it
when trying to explain the Libyan model
a couple of days ago I made a total mess
of it he has no idea what he's talking
about but Bolton does know what happened
to the Libyans basically he's telling
the North Koreans here I am the national
security advisors of the president if
you do the deal later we'll kill you Wow
and he knows that Trump is too stupid to
understand that he knows the North
Koreans will understand that they'll
fire back at Bolton and hopefully
that'll scuttle the deal it wasn't
enough until pence stepped in but so
what did the North Koreans do when they
heard Bolton say that of course
predictably they said that it was quote
awfully sinister and and by the way if
you don't know again I hope was it a
decent summary of this so let me just
read that to you about what happened to
Qaddafi after Libyan dictator Muammar
Qaddafi I gave up his nuclear weapons
program in 2003 an armed revolution
aided by the United States and NATO
military intervention rousted him in
2011 rebel forces captured and brutally
killed Qaddafi during the conflict and
as I've told you before on the program
the North Korean leaders have literally
watched that video of Qaddafi being
dragged through the streets and killed
and there's nothing that they are more
concerned about than that so on Bolton
says yeah we can do what we did in Libya
they go oh I get it okay do not make a
deal with the Americans
it's stunning and by the way media let's
go
wakey-wakey some of the print articles
explain some of the context here again
they're the hub post had decent
explanation what happened but on
television are you hearing about how
Bolton and pence undermine Trump because
that's exactly what they're doing
there's no other reason why you would
mention Libya unless you meant not if
you cross us but if you do the deal
we're gonna kill you anyway so hold on
now let me give you another senior North
Korean official reaction to this they
say about the Libya situation world
knows too well that our countries
neither Libya nor Iraq which have met a
miserable fate that is exactly what they
would say it is the most predictable
thing in the world I would have told you
what they were gonna say ahead of time
and John Bolton knows that because he's
trying to end these peace talks why
because their peace talks and they'll
there might not be a bigger Hawk in the
country than John Bolton I think he out
Hawks all the other neoconservatives
John McCain Lindsey Graham maybe even
Dick Cheney himself so he's like peace I
don't want peace I want war
so let me scull it in a way that my
moron president can't even tell so
apparently not enough because that
didn't kill the talks so then Mike Pence
went out this week and said let me try
to finish it so here's what he said it
would be a great mistake for Kim jong-un
to think he could play Donald Trump you
know there was some talk about the
Libyan ma last week and you know as the
president made clear you know this this
will only end like the Libyan model
ended if Kim jong-un doesn't make a deal
some people saw that as a threat well I
think it's more of a fact no I know the
reporter so-called reporter on Fox News
missed it look threatening to to do
violence against North Korea if they
don't make the deal is easy that's
something we've done before that's not
the news event the news event is
bringing up the Libyan model in the
first place what is the positive thing
that you would get you would want nor
creating get out of it if they actually
do the right thing and make a deal with
us
well okay then they would get what Libya
got which is what we'd kill them why
would they make that deal of course on
Fox News they're not gonna ask that so
but you get a sense Mike Pence brings up
the Libya model on his own so he's
working with John Bolton he's working
with the neoconservatives by the way the
people who voted for Donald Trump you
liked it when he said the Iraq war was a
bad idea you liked it when he said that
we did too much intervention right well
that Trump's is thinked in this case is
still the same but his own
administration is undermining him and
they know that if the North Koreans then
insult pence which you know they're
going to that that's gonna bother Trump
you're sure that's not it's not
respectful it's not the right thing to
do I like Mikey why they say that about
Mikey right and of course that's exactly
what happens so North Korean Vice
Minister of Foreign Affairs comes out
and says as a person involved in US
affairs
I cannot suppress my surprise it's such
ignorant and stupid remarks gushing out
from the mouth of the u.s. vice
president okay that'll do it but you
know North Koreans they're not done yet
so went on to call pans quote a
political dummy so now we're back to
basics now North Korea after we
cancelled the talks and it goes back and
forth at both sides threatening all
throughout as soon as the Libyan model
was introduced into the conversation by
the neoconservatives in the Trump
administration so North Korea is senior
envoy for u.s. affairs says we're going
to make the u.s. taste an appalling
tragedy it has neither experienced nor
even imagined great we're back to more
War Bolton wins Mike Pence wins and by
the way if you're a Donald Trump
supporter you lose if you're a
progressive you lose yes this is one
issue where we agree actually if you're
a reasonable human being who favors
peace instead of carnage that in the
case of the Korean Peninsula might cost
literally and it's not anywhere near a
hyperbole it might cost millions of
lives just in conventional weapons the
North Korea's have so many and they
could
launch it on South Korea and kill
millions fairly quickly let alone what
we would do to North Korea
so the Hawks must be thrilled the rest
of us are in bad shape because I wanted
this to work out for Trump because it
would have worked out for America and
the world so finally I mentioned to you
earlier that they were doing a little
bit premature celebration the
Republicans were about how this deal was
they hadn't even had the summit but they
were treating it like a deal was already
done right Nobel Peace Prize targets
Adam there was one other thing that they
did so the Wall Street Journal explains
and a sign of raised expectations for
the summit the White House
communications agency earlier this week
unveiled a commemorative coin to mark
the coming summit between mr. Trump and
mr. Kim oops we can call that coin the
Leon Lett coin you didn't think that
maybe this volatile situation might not
end well and they might not even have
the summer and so you thought oh we got
this he's got the art of the deal let's
already print the Kois celebrating the
summit and how wonderful it was oh yeah
morons and monsters that's what the
Trump administration is filled with two
easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
