new data indicates that the number of
people who are uninsured do not have
health insurance has increased quite a
bit but specifically in red states so
this is from the National Center for
Health Statistics they looked into the
numbers and they've noticed that there
is a steady increase of people living in
red states who are uninsured so the
Trump administration's health care
agenda is whacking red states hardest
according to reporting so the uninsured
rate between largely Democratic
controlled states that expanded Medicaid
and the largely Republican states that
have yet to do so is the widest it has
been since the implementation of the
Affordable Care Act so the uninsured
rate in non-expansion States was more
than twice the rate in states that
accepted the federal funding to expand
Medicaid okay so the numbers have
increased under the trump administration
because of the messaging that we've
heard from trump so for instance the
repeal of the mandate for the Affordable
Care Act doesn't go into effect until
next year but Trump and his cronies keep
telling people that they've already
repealed it and that the Affordable Care
Act is dead that is not the case so
people might have canceled their
insurance thinking okay well I won't be
penalized when I file for my taxes they
will be so they're in for a treat
also the report does not show the impact
of the Trump administration's decision
to repeal the individual mandate allow
the sale of skimpy short term plans and
give States a green light to implement
Medicaid work so remember there are
quite a few red states that are now
trying to pass laws that would force
people who receive Medicaid to work to
prove that they're working and and these
proposals vary based on which state is
proposing them but it's a little
disastrous because a lot of them are
going to impact these people who have
voted against their best interests and
supported people like Trump my favorite
little part of what some of these red
states have done is they said now you
got to work to get medicaid
as some of the new laws that anti was
referring to unless you're white you're
thinking no that can't be the case right
that that's too brazen
well they did it in a clever way
they said depends on not your state okay
cuz there's why people have black people
right-wingers and left wingers in our
states and so if we made it across the
whole state then right-wing Republican
voters would also have to work but we
don't want them to right so they said it
depends on your district your area the
of the particular area of the state that
you live in and it depends on that
unemployment rate in that area so based
on that you have a perfect way of
separating out the white Republican
rural areas from the more African
American urban democratic areas so the
new rules say that if you live in the
city and you're more likely to be a
minority you have to work to get
Medicaid if you live in the rural areas
you don't have to work now why would it
matter what the unemployment rate is are
you a bum or are you're not a bum I mean
are we gonna make you work to get your
insurance or are we not going to what
difference does it make what their
surrounding area is the I thought this
was a matter of character right that's
how they frame it I mean the problem is
the culture right that's what they these
are the code words they use which is not
very much of a code word so why do you
not care about the character of your bum
Republican losers who don't have a job
and it was just milking off of me I
don't want them to do that what and then
if they get cancer I gotta treat them
when they're a bum who doesn't have a
job it's just so die so see see how
disgusting that sounds when someone
turns it around and targets the people
that you're in favor of right and it
that kind of language and that type of
rhetoric shouldn't be utilized ever to
describe anyone I don't care what their
political affiliation is I don't care
how poor they are or what their work
ethic is they're humans and the way that
they've referred to you know unemployed
people people who desperately need
things like Medicaid or you know the
disability insurance Social Security
earlier
in life because they have a disability
the way they refer to them is just
heinous it's disgusting right it's not
representative of what the reality is
and by the way we're not supposed to
have lawmakers that demonize their
constituents but unfortunately we have
that all the time now I gotta say one
more thing about that particular part of
it because if a Democratic governor for
example had created a law that said
white people have to work to get health
insurance but black people in the cities
don't have to work could you imagine
what would happen heads exploding oh god
we knew it let's say they were black
governor a black governor says that
black people in the cities don't have to
worry to get insurance but white people
in the countryside the farmers have to
work to get insurance he's trying to
kill white people right but when you do
it to black so that's normal that's
normal you do to people in the cities
that's normal we protect the
right-wingers who are bums but we punish
and maybe even lead to the deaths of
people who didn't vote for us they're
monsters these politicians and one final
thing that I want to mention look this
is not new this is old news but every
time it comes up in stories that we do
it blows my mind think about what some
of these red states did when the
Affordable Care Act was enacted they
denied they rejected federal money that
would have helped to expand Medicaid in
their state they rejected it okay
knowing that that money would have
helped to ensure the neediest people in
their state they rejected it all for
political reasons all because they were
up in arms that Obama was the president
that passed some health care reform
right health care reform which by the
way was a conservative concept
implemented in Massachusetts under Mitt
Romney it's a Heritage Foundation policy
it is a conservative policy but it
doesn't matter it's all about politics
they rejected it knowing that people in
their states that desperately needed it
wouldn't get that help yeah and I don't
know when you're gonna get it through
your head they don't care about you so
okay look I'm I'm exhausted trying to
have empathy for a Republican voters
I'm trying brother we try to help you
and say hey don't have the gun loaded in
your house and unlock because you're
twice as likely to die and three times
as likely to die of a suicide no no no I
know what I'm doing oops down on your
family members dead right here in this
case hey the government is offering
house insurance so that if your kids or
your wife or your grandmother gets
cancer
you're dead not going to die no oh no oh
dammit they got cancer they died and I
didn't have insurance we were trying to
help you but I'm exhausted from having
empathy for you guys so okay now you're
eight of unassured in the red states is
double what it is in the blue states
enjoy enjoy your ignorance so and your
ignorance has led to terrible results
for you and your family okay either
you're gonna wise it up and you'll
realize that the Republican politicians
are in it for the rich and for their
donors and never for you or you're not
gonna wisen up and I guess that's called
evolution two easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
