thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt following news
of a Saudi journalists disappearance
this is Jamal khashoggi the Saudi
journalists who self-exiled here to the
United States and was a reporter at The
Washington Post a number of US senators
spoke out many of which believe that
maybe we need to rethink our
relationship with the Saudis if they're
engaging in this type of behavior one of
those senators is Republican Lindsey
Graham let's take a look at what he has
to say I went into the embassy never
came out and gave his fiance his phone
most people would have come out to get
the phone back doctor their fiance so
this doesn't add up how hard is this
where is the guy and if this man was
murdering the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul that would cross every line of
normality in their international
community if it did happen there would
be hell to pay
ok so we're the fairest show in America
I can't stand Lindsey Graham he's a huge
war monger let alone what he did in
Cavanaugh hearings but that is right and
but I'll give him further credit on this
issue he is a huge ally of Israel and
Saudi Arabia Lindsey Graham is
historically and so he's not speaking
out like if it was Iran
easy layup he's like yes let's go to war
right but it's not it's an ally of ours
that he has helped conduct other Wars so
he so he is actually being genuine there
and and that's and principled so it's
good to know let's see how long it lasts
right well we give credit where credit
is due
exactly but and I also want to mention
that there were qualifiers in his
statements if the Saudis did it there's
a lot of ifs right that's okay that
that's fine sure it's okay but remember
there's a lot of pressure on the US
government right now in
response to this story and so it's very
easy to initially say one thing and then
not follow it with actual you know with
actions and so the one thing I'm kind of
concerned with now 22 senators so far
have signed a letter to Donald Trump
asking him to really look into this and
rethink our relationship with Saudi
Arabia so that's a good first step I'm
just saying it's important for us to
hold these senators feet to the fire and
not just feel appeased as soon as they
say one thing no no I hear they're gonna
do an order an FBI investigation of it
but only for a week and then even less
than a week and they're going to talk to
nine people and then wrap it up so
though by the way it's actually worse
than that kidding aside they are asking
the Saudis the US government is asking
the Saudis to investigate themselves
well I'm sure that'll solve it so but
here Graham speaking at look I said look
if Israel and Saudi Arabia continued to
be strong allies I would be surprised if
these senators didn't drop it within a
week but it I'd be super happy to be
wrong and I'll come out and tell you
guys and I'm not even wrong like
surprised by that right so I'm giving
them credit for now but of course we'll
follow up exactly now bob corker another
republican spoke out as well so I wanted
to show you his reaction to all this
take a look there's a tape of him going
on
the Intel points directly at them
thinking about this in advance I mean I
think they did it unfortunately I think
that he's deceased
so that's strong words from corker I
think they did it and and he might have
seen intelligence that we haven't seen
so that does not look good
I can look if you're wondering why I
keep mentioning Israel because obviously
the US government both in Republican and
Democratic times say Israel is our
strongest ally I think Israel's an ally
I think it's important I don't think
it's our strongest ally Canada UK etc
but and often causes this trouble but
I'm giving you in the context of
Washington there is no more important
ally and Israel and Saudi Arabia have
been working together for a long long
time so if an Israel when I mean look
look at what happened that in Yahoo and
during the Obama years the the he was
against the policy of the United States
government now was and that Congress and
bipartisan standing ovation after
standing ovation if Netanyahu says back
off and they don't back off
I'll give them all the credit in the
world so so far we don't know where
Israel stands on this particular issue
that's why we're saying hold a week
let's see if they keep talking like this
exactly and then I want to be clear that
it's not just Republican senators that
are speaking out we have Democratic
lawmakers as well Chris Murphy is one of
them so just one quick video from
Senator Murphy and we'll talk about that
as well take a look if Saudi Arabia took
a u.s. resident worden into a consulate
and killed him
it's time for the United States to
rethink our military political and
economic relationship with Saudi Arabia
so again strong words and it's credit
where credit is due
one last guy another guy I often
criticize Rand Paul he was the first to
jump out on this issue I agree with him
and say look cetera he's been doing this
kind of nonsense for a long time and
there's no reason to back there the
wholesale slaughter in Yemen let alone
what happened at khashoggi so he's been
leading on that issue so give him credit
on
that and in this a rare time that he
actually lives up to his libertarian
principles and and look the reality is
Saudi Arabia has been working against
our interest for a long long time and a
lot of times it's covered up you know
fifteen out of the nineteen hijackers
were Saudis bin Laden was Saudi but we
decided to attack Afghanistan and Iraq
instead so that made no sense and
everybody covered it up that's why I'm
surprised this story is getting so much
attention because normally where sati
Arabia does wrongdoing which is almost
all the time the press doesn't care
their politicians don't care there's
something weird going on that's why I
keep mentioning Israel I wonder if
there's a rift in their in their
alliance and that's why all of a sudden
when Saudi Arabia does something wrong
everybody's piling on I don't know that
at all I'm just telling you it's my
analysis of the alliances in the area
that are usually relevant mean look I'll
give you one last example they the
Saudis excellent reporting in America
that they they funded the Sunni
insurgency against us in Iraq killed
that kills thousands of our troops
forget one Saudi citizen who's a
Washington Post columnist kills
thousands of our troops and the
politicians are like no no Saturday
everybody's great I don't know what
you're talking about right so yeah
there's something weird about this story
so this is just my guess like now we're
just kind of sharing our theories and
speculation but I think that this has a
lot to do with the current climate
toward journalists in general right and
also this was a Washington Post reporter
living in the United States I mean I
think that the press does have a lot
more power than then a lot of us
realized right and so if they decide
that this is a big story and they want
to draw attention to it then they're
gonna do it and I feel like the press
has done a decent job covering this
story whereas when it comes to other
issues involving Saudi Arabia and its
wrongdoings the press might cover it in
one or two stories and then they drop it
yeah you know excellent point Anna and
that just might be the simple
explanation
and so the Washington Post is all over
they killed one of their columnist right
and
so number one its it affects them but
number two they think well wait if we
let that stand exactly any one of us
could walk into any consulate and get
murdered and then is the u.s. gonna have
our back or or not we got columnist
reporters etc all across the world New
York Times obviously feels the same way
and a lot of the press too so yes they
it this might be driven by the press
more than the politicians like are you
going to literally let them kill us and
and so that's probably why it's getting
all the attention that it's getting but
don't get me wrong
rightfully so we cannot have our
reporters walking in their foreign
embassies and getting dismembered I know
the world is unraveling and we've got a
lot of dictators doing insane things but
for God's sake we've got to draw the
line somewhere and if they were finally
drawing the line on Saturday Arabia on
this fantastic the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT comm slash
app
