Allyson I hear you got another video yes
who are these folks that we're gonna see
supporters supporters just sending
videos in to us and talking about why
they support me and so there's been a
compilation that's put together and it's
it's really nice okay
oh that's awesome so I didn't know about
this so I thought you guys had taped
them know they taped themselves and sent
it in and then you guys are the
compilation okay so these are hearts uns
heroes let's watch hi I'm Kathy from San
Francisco no I'm Chloe Xander from
Cameron Park California my name's Eric
Quinn I live in Northern California name
is Vanessa Scott I am a public
elementary school teacher of 15 years in
Southern California and wish Matthew
Jacobson oh and near Linda California
this is Victor from Newcastle my name is
Gregory and I'm voting for Alison hearts
in percentage I believe in Alison hearts
and I support Alison heart stone house
Hartson is not taking any money she
doesn't take any money from special
interest she wants to get big money out
of politics having a system not
controlled by corporate money I'm sick
of the status quo and Dianne Feinstein
once they're in office they only care
about their donors traditions you know
you've never should've passed this is a
person who actually cares about the
issues she wants to move to 100 percent
renewable energy medicare-for-all
legalize marijuana tech the internet you
can net neutrality common sense gun laws
and deal error crumbling infrastructure
B school to college far off and the wars
of aggression and most importantly
campaign finance reform we need more
women such as these that have progressed
advise she is a solution based leader
and teacher Allison is the candidate to
to come out and really fight for me and
the rest of California if you haven't
heard about Alison hearts again please
check her out I'm gonna vote for Alison
thousands got my vote well Alison hurts
and I'm doing faith you've got my vote
on June 5th Alison yes
sin
okay the cutest thing you've ever seen
you're like oh yeah
so I you're going old school with the
babies I think my daughter has the same
pajamas but I got bad news for you that
is not a voter Allison I think it's
great when they said that you know the
Democrat corporate they only fight for
their donors because that's what you're
doing
only your donors are the actual people
exactly working and donating like you
said 15 20 bucks versus I'm a
corporation that's funded elections
because you're gonna work for your
donors either way our donors need to be
the people in small-dollar donors yeah I
just want people to pause and think
about that for a second right now our
current system of government is that we
have private financing of Elections who
do you think they're gonna work for
they're gonna work for the private
interests who financed their elections
so that's why you need public finance
and that's why Allison having a lead
Wolfpack to get money out of politics
for so long this made a big difference
and since we last talked there's been
some updates first of all that videos
like that is why you're crushing on
social media if you didn't SC Houston
last week she's laughed afield she has
more social media engagement than I
think the 32 other candidates combined
so and I love that these are people that
are that they know all your positions
that's the thing I was amazed by and
she's for this and she's owned I think
they know better than I do
okay so but more good news so a little
bit of media a little bit of moving in
media okay not not a lot but some so a
little bit of momentum I like that
there's a little bit of digestion
happening now yes yes and then and then
some of the your staff says national
progressive activists are starting to
come around a little bit so and my sense
of it is as we got two weeks left of the
election people are looking around I saw
another video a guy putting a bumper
your bumper sticker over another
candidate spun bumper sticker like
you're thinking okay well in terms of
the most honest well that's a no-brainer
because Allison didn't
didn't come into the race going oh here
I'll I'll be honest with you she knows
she proved it she worked for five years
in a non-profit to get money out of
politics she cut her salary by half from
being a teacher so imagine how low it
was right to actually walk the walk if
she did that for five years you have the
most experience and in terms of but not
in politics and not in the corruption
but in fighting corruption and then and
then I think that people are going well
look we got to get someone to beat why
sign someone who's viable and given all
this you're the one who's viable yeah
yeah so I you know I guess exactly what
they're hearing from people in the
national political world here in
California connected in the national
circuit is you know they know that I'm
from this and this is what they're
telling us I'm the hardest working in
the race I am the most honest and I am
the most viable not just for the primary
but for the general and you know anybody
following me on social media alone let
alone anybody I've had the opportunity
to meet in person can attest to the fact
that I when I say policy over party and
policy over politics I mean it I don't
care what party you are I'm calling you
out if you are not representing us and
doing the right thing so let me tell you
a quick anecdote I was signed to a
someone who has been with Bernie Sanders
for a long a long time and we were
having coffee last time I was in DC and
and I said look I just want to be clear
about one thing I'm not for Bernie I'm
for change and Bernie is an agent of
change and as long as he stays on that
path I'm gonna be a hundred percent with
him and the guy who's been with Bernie
for a long time stood up and hugged me
okay because progressives actually care
about the policies it's not about
personalities it's not about oh I want
power we want power for what to what end
I mean if you're Feinstein hold on to it
until you're 84 our power precious must
keep it what did you do with that
or in all this time what did you do with
that power you gave yourself tax cuts
you voted for Wars
you're blocking Medicare for all you're
going to fundraisers with the health
insurance companies to what end you win
one more time what happens nothing
happens the whole point of your career
is nothing happens so for God's sake
step aside and let people who care about
policy fight for the average person so
that that's definitely why you're
catching on yes and it's and it's really
it's not even just I am Feinstein there
there are 31 other well aside from her
and myself so 30 other candidates in the
race and this is compared to all of the
other candidates as well anybody else
running no matter what part of party
they're running on they're they're
noticing and they they hear and are
spreading the same message of those
qualities and and so you're right it's
catching on people really do see that I
have the experience and I have the
integrity and and that means a lot to me
because it means that that what we're
doing really working hard to stay true
to our self and not get caught up in the
personality political mudslinging that
happens during a campaign I just refuse
to engage in it and and that's
resonating with people yeah and so the
elections you in 15 California and is
there a deadline for mail-in ballots
deadline is June 5th but June 5th is
also the day to actually vote it's it's
the day of the election so I recommend
if you're planning to mail in your
ballot do it now don't wait until June
5th because then it might not even be
counted if they if they call the vote at
that point depending on what the
percentages are so mailing your ballot
today melanin tomorrow get it in if you
are a newly a new citizen as of
yesterday you can still register to vote
so yesterday May 21st was the last day
to register but anybody who is a new
citizen sworn in can can register from
now through June 5th
