a new report by the New York Times
indicates that a close business partner
of Michael Cohen's
has agreed to a plea deal and in that
plea deal he has agreed to cooperate
with investigators which could be bad
news for Cohen which in turn could be
bad news for Trump in this whole Russia
investigation now the business partner
in question here is Evgeny Friedman and
according to the report under the
agreement the partner Friedman a Russian
immigrant who is known as the taxi King
will avoid jail time and will assist
government prosecutors in state or
federal investigations so Trump's
lawyers are concerned about this for
good reason
they have been resigned to the strong
possibility that the investigation of
Cohen's businesses could lead him to
cooperate with federal prosecutors and
remember this Friedman guy is going to
cooperate in investigations into Michael
Cohen so it would put more pressure on
Cohen to take a plea deal himself and
agreed to cooperate with investigators
now that likelihood could become greater
with a business partner partner of mr.
Cohen's cooperating with law enforcement
now just to give you an idea of who
Friedman is he was disbarred
earlier this month and had been accused
of failing to pay more than five million
dollars in taxes and faced four counts
of criminal tax fraud and one of grand
larceny all B felonies each carries a
maximum prison sentence of up to 25
years in prison due to this plea deal
his potential sentence is much lower
instead he appeared in court on Tuesday
and pleaded guilty to a single count of
evading only $50,000 worth of taxes he
faces five years of probation if he
fulfills the terms of his agreement okay
now you got a guy according to
government running scams for a long time
evaded millions of dollars in taxes and
he's won to do those scams do you think
that that guy goes no I have ethics I
will go to prison for decades rather
than turn
my friend Michael Cohen knew he goes
where's my deal I get to keep to five
million dollars I didn't pay the US
government I don't go to prison for all
the laws that I broke deal no-brainer
now he's not related to Trump he's
related to Cohen right but Cohen now
that's the next person up now do you
think Michael Cohen has enough quote
unquote
ethics to say now I did all these deals
shady deals with Friedman let alone
everything else I did and the payoffs
and all the the money-laundering that
the banks were concerned about enough
that they'd put red flags on my account
and the list goes on and on but no I'll
take decades in prison rather than turn
on Trump who came to my son's Bar
Mitzvah and humiliated me and said oh he
begged me to come so I came right and
and has been and gave me no position in
the Trump White House and has been
humiliating me my whole life
no I'll go to prison for him for decades
yeah so okay so unlikely this is in my
opinion the prosecutors are doing
something very smart here because they
want Cohen to talk and in order for
Cohen to talk he needs to see that
there's mounting evidence which means
he's gonna spend even more time in
prison if he gets convicted and it's
more likely he will cooperate with
investigators and give them the
information they need in regard to Trump
if you know he gets a better deal and he
doesn't spend as much time in prison but
here's the thing that I'm starting to
have more and more difficulty with
personally so all of this is being done
in the hopes that eventually Trump gets
in trouble for potential ties to Russia
potential collusion all of that right
but Muller said that he cannot be
indicted Muller cannot press charges
against Trump he is a sitting US
president the only thing that Muller
could do is named Trump as an anonymous
co-conspirator in the case so
Republicans who control Congress right
now are not gonna impeach Trump they
can't wait to kiss Trump's butt in
anything that he does right and so this
I feel like this is all for nothing no
that is why as you
the Democratic Party when they started
on this venture and when I say they
started on I don't mean the Muller
mother is mother and that they had an
official investigation well before they
had any idea that Donald Trump was gonna
win the presidency right the special
counsel came later but the FBI started
the investigation when they got credible
evidence that the campaign was working
with a foreign government so but the
Democrats after the election started the
propaganda and the marketing campaign Oh
collusion that's why we lost Hillary
otherwise would have won and Olalla
right so when they started that they
never talked about money laundering that
Trump did right or could have done
that's right might have done that's all
they talked about was oh the Russian
sent tweets and they hacked in and gave
our emails to the press they were much
more concerned with finding excuses for
why the Democrats lost as opposed to
looking at what I would argue is what
should be the heart of the investigation
which is the financial ties yes so then
they I guess I guess in a sense they got
lucky now on this program I have been
very clear I always thought it was the
money laundering if I thought it was
because they sent a couple of tweets
what are you gonna do you gonna impeach
the president because another government
sent a couple of tweets in his favor now
that might be bad and it might be wrong
and they might have stolen some things
and they might have spent a lot of money
but to Anna's point you're never gonna
win on that impeachment get real okay on
the other hand if I am right and almost
every publicly available evidence points
in this direction and Trump did actual
shady financial deals with Russian
oligarchs and laundered money for them
through his properties well then you
present that evidence and if the
Republicans in Congress go yeah it looks
like Trump did the Russians favors
because he owed them a lot of money but
no I vote for fascism right I think they
will well we're gonna find it we might
find out and now this guy's flipped :
will almost certainly flip and Cohen it
would be shocking if he didn't have a
lot of the evidence against Donald Trump
on and that's why Trump was in a panic
over
when earlier they're like oh you know
this guy connected to your campaign he's
like campaign I didn't do any money
laundering the campaign he's like have
at it Hoss I mean it's a witch hunt and
you're bothering me when they arrested
Michael Cody's a god oh my god what are
you doing that's it wait a minute I'm
gonna do an investigation of you and the
FBI and the kolender dude doing a
conspiracy intercooling et cetera I cuz
Michael Cohen has the business deals
right and they might have all all of his
records I don't know if he destroyed any
of them if they do then we're gonna find
out in Anna to your point this is
exactly is the most important thing
we're gonna find out if we've got a
democracy here and if our checks and
balances and our constitutional form of
government will hold if it doesn't hold
and the Republicans say yeah you got him
he did the launder money for the
Russians and it appears that he's
changing policy to benefit the Russians
because of that but I don't care I'm
gonna pretend that it was Hillary
Clinton I'm gonna say you should start
an investigation of my political
opponents and I'm gonna say Trump didn't
do anything wrong and everything is fake
news well then we have a constitutional
crisis and but it's not even a crisis
you know that's how it'll be painted in
television know that he will continue
and he will be President and the
fascists will slowly start to exact
revenge on their political opponents two
easy ways for Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
