Kendrick Lamar was in Alabama for the
hangout festival and during his
performance he called a white fan up
onstage to sing along with him
the song that he was performing was mad
City and just to give you an idea of
what the language in that song is like
it contains 15 instances of the slang
slang word you fill in the blanks three
of which the white fan rapped along with
him with abandon
until the music stopped halfway through
the song so you know again young white
female up there she's a huge fan of his
she knows the lyrics to the song she's
rapping along with him but she uses the
n-word along with him three times and
then the music stops and so she doesn't
know what's going on so she asks what's
up aren't I cool enough for you and he
responded with the following you got a
bleep one single word now in the middle
of all this there's a giant crowd
watching the performance and they're
booing at her they're cussing at her and
I just feel like it was a really bad
play by Kendrick Lamar she went on to
say did I do it I'm so sorry I'm used to
seeing it like you wrote it well that
seems to be an excellent point so this
is Alabama's hangout festival so no no I
don't agree it's one thing to say you
can't say the n-word absolutely right
look why people have a ton of privileges
throughout the country yada yada we've
talked about a million times right it
doesn't mean you're rich it means that
the black people have it worse in you
it's not that big a deal if you can't
use one word right and it's been used in
terrible context that's true I totally
agree and don't even sing or rap it you
know in your school at your place of
work no don't do that
right but in this case Kendrick Lamar
called her up to sing the song he wrote
with those words together then to call
her out for it now that's weird man
that's not right it's in the song you
asked her to sing the song well then you
shouldn't have called her up and there's
something weird about this story yeah
why did you
music stop like it almost seems like it
was prepared did you throw under the bus
on purpose look I like Kendrick Lamar
Allah I mean look I've lost tracking
music I'm not trying to claim that I'm a
music an expert on Kendrick Lamar but
you know he is won the Pulitzer right
and and and everyone I know respects his
work and so god bless I got no beef with
him at all I personally love his music
and I I I love you know the message that
he has in some of his songs but I don't
think that this was okay I think this
was the wrong thing to do and you know
you're it's such a public thing I mean
she's a private person private citizen
she's not some public figure who went on
fox and just started throwing around the
n-word this is a fan of yours who went
up there to sing along with you because
she's a fan and so if if anyone had an
issue with her you know saying that word
which again it's in the lyrics it's fine
to have a conversation about why that
that's not okay but to do it in in that
public fashion I don't know I just I I
didn't like it yeah even if it wasn't
planned it's not right now look they did
go on to sing the song together and she
didn't say the words next time around
but still it's not right to publicly
shame a fan like that too easy wasteful
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
