joining me in studio Audrey Denny
another just semuc rat in California
wait wait a minute I think I've got it
Oh Audrey great to have you here so
great to be here okay truly an honor
thank you it's preposterous but thank
you so we're gonna not to talk about
here first of all you're into
agriculture sounds fascinating
you've even taught agriculture okay I
grew up near an agriculture school in
the middle of New Jersey slightly
strange but anyway but you're in
California's first District okay uh in
do you go around going we're number one
true yeah well you are number one in
California in that sense where is
California's first history so we're the
eleven counties and the northeast part
of the state so we go all the way up to
Oregon with Siskiyou County in Modoc
County and all the way over to Nevada
and then we dip around and get a tiny
bit of Placer County okay so the parts
that people don't okay I got it
no no the people the first district are
amazing and they do agriculture so is
that where you grew up or did you grow
up somewhere else in California so I
grew up on a family farm on the Central
Coast in southern Monterey County we had
beef cows and we had draft horses and
wine grapes and then I moved to Chico
where I live now 15 years ago to study
agriculture at the University and I
wound up falling in love with the North
State it's my favorite part of the
entire world I've lived overseas a
couple times but um I just keep coming
back home to Northern California so what
do you love about it's so beautiful it's
some of the most beautiful land and I
was driving through LA to get here
there's a little bit of traffic no we
just don't have traffic in Northern
California at least though in the first
District I'm not a lot and some of the
most beautiful natural scenery that you
see some of the most beautiful
agriculture industry we have forests we
have water and it's just a gorgeous
place to live well these days in America
when you say you have water people
actually get jealous like that's the sad
state that we're in they're like oh good
clean water that's good and of course
the districts have roughly the same
number of people or the congressional
districts but in LA
we put the same number of people in
about three blocks that you fit into
eleven gigantic counties in Northern
California so you taught agriculture to
right yeah you bet okay so having done
all that and it's on your list of
priorities if you're in Congress what do
you do about that oh man so much so my
my whole platform everything that I like
to talk about centers around justice and
for me the big big issue when I travel
around to to my eleven counties is is
we're experiencing economic and justice
and were the resource-rich part of the
state with our timber and our water and
our beautiful agricultural land but the
people who live in my district are poor
seven of my eleven counties are in the
fifteen poorest counties in the state
and folks don't have Economic
Opportunity so with every single aspect
of my platform I'm hoping to be boosting
our rural economic engines and a big
part of that is agriculture so we want
to be from an agriculture perspective we
want to be looking at how we can help
our small and our mid-sized farmers
continue turning a profit how it can
make sure we provide them with local
food infrastructures like coolers and
processing facilities so we can keep
more of our food and our food dollar in
the county but we also want to be
incentivizing agriculture practices that
actually regenerate the soil and because
when we're rajendra and I could talk
about carbon sequestration for about 45
minutes I'm not going to do that but
when we're when we're using regenerative
at practices we're actually mitigating
climate change at the same time finally
carbon seeker sequestration I can't even
say that's how but it is an important
topic so and I love that you're focused
on justice and I love that you're focus
on agriculture because I learned
something new on the show all the time
and it's not a lot of candidates that
that are so it's great it'd be great to
have that advocate in Congress but but
but on the justice issue I have to
confess that I'm the one who named the
justice Democrats and it was exactly for
what you're saying economic justice but
also justice across the board social
justice and just plain old hey can we
get a little justice for it the average
American for them for the middle class
and and yes for the poor as well and you
know every
candidate that I talked to that comes
from more rural areas say for you guys
in the urban centers in LA in New York
Washington you'd be shocked at how
little money people make and so and
you've got some of the poorest counties
in California in your any areas so how
do we get their wages up hey let me just
let me tell ya I think I think you and I
are gonna be fast friends because the
very the very core of my being the soul
of Who I am is a person that believes in
the inherent equality and dignity and
worth of all humans right and for for me
justice is the actions that we take in
the world to to lean into that belief
and how that's manifested interactions
and so um last Thursday I was in
Susanville county seat of Lassen County
really really rural and I met a woman
single mom of three we were meeting in
the Pizza Factory and she ran up and she
grabbed me right away and she said
listen Audrey I need to talk to you I'm
so she introduced me to her three kids I
mean she says listen I work full time I
make twenty seven hundred dollars a
month but after I pay my rent my car
payment that I need to get to my job my
utility bills
I've spent twenty five hundred of that
so I have two hundred left over to feed
my three girls and she walked me through
that and she was like I qualify from
medical but I'm not getting my CalFresh
benefits I'm not getting my snap payment
what what do I do and so we're talking
about her County caseworker and and how
complex the paperwork is and trying to
trying to work through the steps and her
middle daughter her middle daughter
comes up in tugs on her sleeve and says
mommy I'm hungry and I've got nieces and
nephews and you know kids are whiny
sometimes and and any other day I would
have written that off right but this um
this little girl was hungry and the
Pizza Factory because she's chronically
undernourished and we live in a society
in 2018 where a mother a single mother
of three working full-time cannot feed
her family and not as an injustice right
and the the issues what I can do about
that are
fight for advocate for living wage debt
to $15 an hour across the country make
sure that we're protecting our social
services and our social safety nets
making sure that the farm bill includes
robust nutritional assistance and making
sure that those those systems have
justice baked into them instead of the
injustice that is there now you said
$2,700 a month right and I want people
to get a sense of context because I
think almost no one in power has that
sense that's over $30,000 a year but if
you make the federal minimum wage that's
$7.25
that's only $15,000 a year yeah how is
anyone going to live on $15,000 a year
that's a little over a thousand bucks a
month it's impossible and they say and
some right-wingers say no the min wage
is too high or we shouldn't have it and
so we have got to get uncorrupted
progressives into Congress we've got to
get real change
so you're just Democrat that means you
don't take corporate PAC money so I know
there's a lot of this is you got a
Republican incumbent he is beatable in
this wave election very much so but
you've got other folks in the primary so
for the folks at home wondering okay
why Audrey why not the others yeah so we
have a full primary ticket there'll be
seven on the ballot on June 5th and 15
days and where the candidates are
campaigning to various degrees of an
intensity and professionalism but I will
win in in June 5th and I'll win in
November for two reasons
the first is that we are building a
broad coalition of voters that the first
district has never seen coming together
around one candidate obviously were
activating the progressive base of the
of the Democratic party with my JD
endorsement just by being here and
that's that's pretty evident we have a
collection of millennial voters and that
the voters who are just turning 18 that
are activated a lot of them are no party
preference voters but they're activated
like we've never seen eight college
interns we've got high school students
knocking doors every day for our
campaign but I'm also reaching into our
church
historically or not historically but I
recently disenfranchised Republican
brothers and sisters I'm saying hey
you're not being represented either and
so we're coming together around a
message of shared common values and
around a message of when we step out of
our hyper partisan corners and we look
for a space where we agree we look for a
space where we know that it's been
justice that this mother can't feed her
family we start there and then we can
make real change and so we're building
this broad coalition of support which
will get us a win number the second
thing is we have an infrastructure that
is set up and we've created a movement
in the first small dollar donations have
allowed us to hire five full-time staff
we have two offices and six hubs
throughout the district we have the
infrastructure in place but the
volunteers have made it their own
it's it's been amazing it's it's when
I've been able to point people to to
this vision of what the North State
could be and to this vision vision of
what justice looks like in our part of
the world but they've taken that and
they've made it their own and it's a
movement for social change and that kind
of energy I don't think you can stop I
love that tako of a vision of what
justice looks like in this country but
wouldn't that be amazing we got that
vision wouldn't it be amazing if we had
real people who care about their
community actually representing them in
Congress so everybody look I want you to
get the links here for Audrey Denny you
have got to support folks who are in it
for you okay
and not in it for the donors so Audrey
for congress.com
if you're watching this later on YouTube
or Facebook
please go description box has the links
really easy go there to donate to
volunteer do whatever you have to do six
hundred volunteers already that's really
remarkable I you not only have the you
write on the issues in my estimation but
you have the right game plan to win and
and people I know in Washington think
well in order to win in so-called
Republican district what you have to do
is you have to go and be as corporate as
the Republican is right but
in rural Northern California is there
really a clamoring for more powerful
corporations and big business no they
want uncorrupted candidates right every
single person I talked to you regardless
of political affiliation when I say we
need to stop corruption by getting the
toxic effect of money out of politics
tears break out in every single room
that I go into and people in the North
State are ready for a representative
with integrity that will only be
beholden to the people who live in that
district
