lieutenant governor Dan Patrick of Texas
has been making his rounds in the media
in regard to the tragic shooting that
took place in Santa Fe Texas ten people
died as a result of a student coming
onto the campus and opening fire now Dan
Patrick is an advocate of guns does not
want gun control and so he has looked
for all sorts of excuses as to why mass
shootings continuously happen in the
United States
so let's take a look at the first video
where he explains some of the reasons
why these mass shootings happen we may
have to look at the design of our
schools moving forward and retrofitting
schools that are already built and what
I mean by that is there are too many
entrances and too many exits to our over
8,000 campuses in Texas over 8,000
campuses
there aren't enough people to put a
guard in every entrance and exit you
would be talking twenty-five thirty
forty thousand people but if we can
protect a large office building or a
courthouse or any major facility maybe
we need to look at limiting the entrance
and the exits into our schools so that
we can have law enforcement looking at
the people who come in one or two
entrances schools may have to
have their start day not all students
show up at once so that we don't have
every student there are 1,400 students
at this school trying to get in the door
at once we're gonna have to be creative
forget to think out of the box because
from what we know this dude walked in
today with a long coat and a shotgun
under his coat it's 90 degrees
has there been one single entrance
possibly for every student maybe he
would have been stopped
now that will take a lot of work and a
lot of money but we need to do the work
and do the money to protect the children
the best we can Anna if I can finally a
man with the courage to say what we've
all been thinking
there's too many doors in America too
many entrances and that is what what the
real problem is here in America he's
gonna think outside the box I mean if we
just regulated entrances and exits into
schools we would have solved this
problem a long time ago sure it's a fire
hazard sure it could cause a disastrous
situation if thousands of students are
trying to exit a campus during an
emergency at the same time but we got to
think outside the box
maybe we divvy up school times and we'll
have some students show up at 3:00 in
the morning we'll have other students
maybe show up at I don't know midnight
you know we just got it we gotta think
outside the box
we gotta inconvenience everyone just to
ensure that we don't do anything about
guns because remember the NRA funds
people like me and I don't want to do
anything that would upset them Anna you
made a great point about this on
Friday's show which is if you have just
one interest in exit or just a couple in
a school and somehow they take out the
security there then all the kids are
sitting ducks and what you've made done
is made the problem way way worse so on
top of that of course the schools are
more there is more secure we're gonna
change the the makeup of every school
thousands of school as he said in Texas
how much one does that cost to change
every school and shut down certain doors
and block hate this and block hate that
you're gonna spend that money where you
getting that money from number one
number two I guarantee you the poorest
schools aren't getting any of this
treatment
you're gonna put new doors and change
things at the poor schools that people
actually don't they don't actually care
about the books but the kids are getting
in there or the teachers pay or the
supplies in that stuff we're gonna
change the the setup of it we know which
schools is gonna get it number one and
number two shootings don't happen just
the schools what if I'm at a concert
what will be doing about the doors at
the open-air concert just one door for
60,000 people just one door but you but
you can come three days ahead at 3:00
a.m. and then we solve the problem
exactly exactly no more and by the way
no more open-air concerts you know
that's the real Pro
in America too many doors open air
concerts we all need to be afraid we all
need to live underneath like you know
these big buildings with big walls and
make sure that we never enjoy our lives
because we got to make sure that
everybody has the access to guns but
there's more okay so he blamed the the
doors which by the way got him a lot of
attention but he went even further okay
watch the next video I wonder if you can
reflect on that statistic I just read
more students killed by gun violence in
schools than active-duty military deaths
in 2018 George should we be surprised in
the station
we have devalued life whether it's
through abortion whether it's the
breakup of families through violent
movies and particularly violent video
games which now outsell movies and and
music psychologists and psychiatrists
will tell you that students are
desensitized to violence may have lost
empathy for their victims by watching
hours and hours of video violent games
and but you've also come in for some
pretty harsh criticism from those who
think the problem is too many guns not
too many doors
well George the I think I laid out just
a moment ago the problem is multifaceted
it's not any one issue but we again we
have to look at our culture of violence
are just our violent society our
Facebook our Twitter the bullying of
adults on adults and children on
children we have to look at ourselves
George it's not about the guns it's
about us just blame mass shootings in
America on abortion yeah we've really
devalued life so that's why Matt what
what I mean he's reaching easily for
anything by the way when it comes to the
issue of video games and and in violent
movies and television shows the science
is incredibly inconclusive on that very
topic there are studies that say yes it
does lead to more violence there studies
that say no it does not lead to more
violence so for him to state that that
is the reason why mass shootings happen
in the US is absolutely ridiculous to
use a crazy right wing talking point
about a bore
is absolutely ridiculous but I do agree
with him on one thing the way that we
treat one another the way we violently
refer to one another or communicate with
one another that certainly exists I mean
we see it from the very top with Donald
Trump himself the President of the
United States who retweets images of him
you know doing violent things to his
political opponents or CNN but we don't
criticize that right we just use this as
a talking point when there's a mass
shooting so we don't talk about gun
control cultural violence I mean there's
Republicans with ads all over the
country with not just shooting guns but
flamethrowers there's a bomb and an ad
in Georgia okay and the left-wing says
let's do non-violence the right wing
says wars are the answer a shooting
unarmed people in the country is the
answer
cultural violence you're the one who
created the culture of violence saying
well in video games total nonsense
so yes the the studies are split but
here's a very important fact Australia
also has the same video games but they
have almost no mass shooters no way you
know who has a lot of video games and a
lot of them are super violent Japan
almost no shootings whatsoever you know
why because they don't have guns
oops but they keep saying that point
over and over again
oh no it's probably the video games how
come there isn't school shooting in
massacre one after another in Japan or
in Europe because they don't have guns
so you're a goddamn liar and abortion I
mean why don't you just say squirrel
right anything I mean just it just picks
something out of a hat right okay what
do liberals like Hannukah Hannukah
that's the answer
you've got add a culture you guys say
Merry Christmas they're not saying Merry
Christmas
this has really upset a lot of people
culture of violence war and Christmas
when people say happy holidays and you
say the left is not believe in violence
okay and plus our Facebook okay
so or our Twitter so now one more thing
if you took his logic and all the
young guns and you applied it to the
other weapon that this guy actually used
in this attack which is bombs now think
about if that makes sense so let's just
substitute everything that the
lieutenant governor said but you but do
it in the context of bombs we don't have
too many bombs in this country we have
too many doors in fact the only thing
that could stop a bad guy with a bomb is
a good guy with a bomb in fact we should
have teachers trained in bombing their
students if we just had that there
should be a bomb in every classroom
because when the kid comes in with the
bomb the teacher throws the bomb at him
and it's all solved ok or you take any
of the other things that he said about
look man the problem of is culture of
violence and the video games
that's what's leading to all the bombing
right it makes no sense when you talk
about in other weapons it also makes no
sense when you talk about it in the
context of guns it isn't the video games
it isn't random cultural issues that
have nothing to do with this issue
it's the guns but there of course you
are paid off and bribed legally by gun
manufacturers so that's why this scum of
a politician that does not care he
doesn't he doesn't get to say he cares
about those kids when he still takes
that blood money from the NRA and says I
will never fix the problem of guns and
next time around your kids will get
massacred again and I will help the gun
manufacturers by putting out their
propaganda about how it was video games
instead why the video game industry
didn't bribe me so by the way it doesn't
take much for the NRA to buy a
politician so for instance the
lieutenant governor only received a
thousand dollars from the NRA 17 but
you're right that's good enough that's
all it takes
it's amazing he said we have to arm our
teachers if another person has a gun the
best way to stop that person is with
another person with a gun again take out
the word gun putting the word bomb we
have to arm our teachers if another
person has a gun the best way to stop
that is a person with I mean with a bomb
is another person with a bomb but even
better ways for people with a gun to
stop that person take our gun put in
bomb but in even better ways to if four
people had a bomb to stop that person
when you make it about other weapons you
how ridiculous their argument is yeah if
the argument is well if we just had four
people of bombs boom we throw them bombs
everywhere great flying bullets are not
that different if four people with guns
had a gun in his dream scenario and
there's a shooter somewhere which one's
the real shooter yeah well we won't find
out until everyone is dead two easy ways
for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
