you're about to watch a free clip of old
school if you like it wait till you see
the whole episode all the episodes in
their entirety are available for members
become a member by going to TYT calm /
join Oh Jackson everybody Wow Reverend
Jackson um people should know how this
works
um Wednesdays I usually can't do these
things right yeah but there's actually
no reason why Wednesday's I can't do
these things so I think in figure out
what was gonna happen tonight
who was helping put the show together
they said yeah can you do Wednesday and
I was like sure because three other
people said no I'm glad we're doing this
together cuz I haven't had a chance to
talk to you and forever I'm like at
least we get to talk about air
absolutely yeah that's how we usually
catch up anyway um I don't know if we
can get into like the things about
running meetings everything is fun and
cool but then like how I don't know how
you you've you've acclimated yourself
and not being as intricate in choosing
what we're talking about but you're
still flowing with it you know yes so
what you're referring to is a little bit
of inside baseball about how we produce
The Young Turks cuz jr. is the senior
producer on The Young Turks I don't know
if you notice I'm on The Young Turks and
Jenna and I have been working together
14 15 years kind of lost count a little
bit yeah and and so I want to get back
into that topic in a second because he's
talking about the production meetings
and how we put this show together that's
an interesting topic okay people ask
yeah so first of all of course old
school brought to you by shop T YT calm
okay watch it okay this shirt if I wear
it right looks cool like it makes me
look stronger but but I gotta work with
us right yeah there's a way um I don't
know if this is on shop to IT but I love
this damn thing the pop sockets for the
kids
oh yeah okay so we're branded yeah okay
that's awesome Thank You Craig that was
great you wonder what Craig was so
that'll be like the one time total on
right and so because we talked to Craig
all the time sometimes in the Regular
Show but on old school all the time so
we Terry was we know that the other time
you could have been on but you did that
ninja crawl the Marine old school thing
logo
everyone knows the laughs off camera and
it was identified as Edwin but there is
a secondary laughs also yeah you came in
later but is just as loved by everyone
who watches yeah so there's Edwin and
Craig yes a lot of love so before I go
on I don't know if that's on shop to you
or theater but you know what there is
one good way to find out if it's on shop
two rt.com
go there and then see what it what's
available
uh you know I took a shit mmm I took a
shirt off of there
I don't know like we're I always wonder
what we shouldn't shouldn't talk about
anyway yeah Aaron can you guess which
side of that would Iran uh talking about
less no yes yeah sheriff's parents if
that's the question that there's no yeah
I hear you
and so there's a couple of houses you
don't want to come to Jr's is one of the
one of the old-school conversations we
had not on this show but back when we're
actually doing the show old school like
Young Turks a long time ago which is
what this show is a reference to yeah
and and we had this conversation that's
legendary at least in our own minds
about what you would do if you caught
someone in your house okay and funny
enough you know of course many years
later I did have someone in my house and
so we got to find out whether I was full
of crap I was disappointed in you
actually yeah of course you were okay so
the guy calls himself a former
Republican okay so the punchline is is
is that I didn't shoot the guy so what
kind of a former Republican am I so I
will get into all that so you might not
have heard those stories but I'm going
to tell you a little bit later I'm going
to we're gonna talk about two things I
often get wrong including something
that's I'm in the middle of getting
wrong now
yeah which is really really frustrating
and then of course all the things I get
right you can't say one thing without
actually giving yeah yeah but but we do
have to we do have to be honest for
other things I get wrong
so actually we don't have to be but I'm
going to be so but but tier for the
folks who were wondering about what that
conversation was a long time ago so we
had a conversation with me junior and an
old friend who used to come on old
school all the time to wescourt junior
about what would happen if somebody
broke into our house it was because it
was a Washington Redskin player who had
gotten murdered in his own house in
Miami he was an all-pro paler Sean
Taylor okay he was defensive about his
great player and when somebody was in
his house he had a machete ready to go
and he pulled out the machete and like
but the guy shot him and killed him I
think if I remember the story right and
the only reason he had machete cuz he
was a he would carry guns he was
apparently had some kind of charge some
kind of aggravated charge or something
were the part of the of the punishment
was he couldn't have guns for a certain
number of years or months who knows I so
at the time he didn't have his guns so
he had machetes instead ready to go you
know looking back out in this long time
it was ten years ago
yeah I was hey you guys couldn't Google
it to like when Sean Taylor died but so
I'm super I was about to say I'm
surprised the NRA didn't make that a
cause celeb right like here's a
celebrity who died who normally carries
guns and could have defended himself but
but because he wasn't by the government
allowed to have a gun at the time he he
died wouldn't get to the guy who had a
wife and young I think daughter he's
protecting his family was it yeah so on
the other hand he was black so does not
have a great track record of defending
African Americans right to own guns yeah
bill huff and puff every once in a while
but like I mean falando Casteel was a
time for them to show up or up shut up
right and so here's
a registered gun owner but every right
to have that gun murdered in cold blood
by the police he said he had it after he
said I have it and I'm licensed and
everything if that was a rural white
farmer and and a cop and he said hey I'm
you know I'm a proud Second Amendment
licensed gun owner and the cops okay
that's go boom and shot him that alright
would be like so black they're like yeah
okay whatever yeah it's one of those
things where it was the perfect storm of
you know we say I think John does this a
lot
I kill give this the specific example of
what if this happens real life what
would they do it was their beloved
police and their over aggressiveness
versus their obsession with gun rights
and been able to do whatever hell you
want because the Second Amendment is
more important than the first and those
two things collided and they only had to
be one variable to allow you to choose
which side you land on and that one
presented itself you know you're your
beloved please who are afraid and so
they shoot when they're afraid are met
with that American who has all the
secondment rights he deserves was
exercising them to the fullest extent
you have to choose one of them because
they both did what they do one says I
have my gun I'm legally a character a
lot to carry and the other was a freight
top who they love to we know they went
well
yeah and we look that you know like not
to get too deep into politics but like
the hypocrisy is are endless right-oh to
respect the cops black miser don't
respect cops
FBI FBI is fair garbage
conspiracy against my beloved Donald
Trump law enforcement sucks
okay wait which one is it all right yeah
no no FBI's not cops stood there the top
law enforcement in the country right
there no you got a president who's
saying look maybe maybe cooperating with
law enforcement or to be illegal right
oh yeah guys love cops and law
enforcement etc but it kind of selective
as it turns out right so anyway the
question was what do you do if
somebody's in your house and jr. and Wes
were on the side
machete first ask questions later okay I
was on the side of no you guys are crazy
what if it's accidentally your yo Uncle
Bob who walked into the house and so you
forgot yet biggie and the idea is to be
calm no matter what and that's what I
like about West's approach all the time
also with the bar which is my favorite
story of all time but um and it's also
what Sean Taylor did so the there was
like 19 old who shot him and they were
friends of his nephew or someone because
his nephew came over and he brought his
friends over so as my uncle and it's
Sean Daly right now and they saw the
house and they were like this guy's got
a lot of stuff so they plan to come back
and rob him
they thought he wasn't gonna be there
sorry to get too much in this story but
he happened to be injured that week so
he wasn't on the road traveling with the
with the Washington football team so
they thought he was on the road they
thought was gonna be an empty house he
was there cuz he was injured so they
were surprised by him he got up he
didn't go wielding the machete and swing
it at them he got up and said get the
fuck out and I saw him with it and they
got scared and shot because there's this
large human being who's much stronger
and faster than you and he is ready and
you have a gun you like this my only
advantage so they shot I don't think
even had a chance to tag Michelle that
goes that buttress is my point where and
yeah I used the word buttress that if he
didn't have a weapon he might not have
shot him even the machete though like
like if you didn't have the machete they
you see a guy with a machete yeah you
get you get antsy just and you're in his
house right you got only two options
which is shoot or run them out as soon
as you can but then he might catch you
cuz he's really fast
and and then you get a machete in the
back so if he didn't have the machete
who knows this is a total speculation
but he might be alive have interrupted
the story no no that's okay and I will
tell you the wesbar story too because it
is legendary so that's what we do on
those who tells course um so yeah we're
all men so what what are you gonna do
about it okay so so you guys were like
hey know somebody's at my house I gotta
act
be I can't be you know why swing second
wife's weak secondary he's a fair
synopsis of that argument okay that's
funny cuz that's also leads to another
thing of me growing up I'm having
trouble speaking today I don't know what
else pitted these things so um when I
was growing up my dad I don't know why
he said this is such a funny thing
because it's so unlike I'm telling the
dad story dude okay for when he was a
kid so he told me that in Islam you you
don't swing first but if if someone hits
you you hit him back so hard they never
hit you again okay now that makes no
sense in so many different ways okay
number one my dad never hits anyone from
second or eighth I don't know why he
said that number two he doesn't care
about its law like there's a one time he
goes like say something related to
religion and like he pinned this weird
thing he doesn't even really believe in
on Islam because it was badass
I guess I guess but the third thing is I
don't think that's a thing in Islam but
for whatever reason that got out of my
head and I'm a fighter
and so I ever since I was a little kid
like a lot of you especially my
detractors are not gonna be surprised
that it was an annoying little kid and
like and I love to like anything fight
wrassle whatever right so even as like a
five-year-old I'd go to somebody's house
I'd be like hey how you doing in Turkey
hi cooker Em's that's why the Turkish
names hey kid I'm ham right how you
doing
what stick you'll arrest them I just saw
Jesus crazy guy again god damn it right
I'm surprised when he stayed friends
with me and we'd wrestle for like three
hours until our parents were done like
hanging out there would be drench this
sweating I'm a okay that was good all
right
she is so weird that I wonder if growing
up to be this so so when my dad told me
that I was like Oh excellent
this is license to fight absolutely okay
and he didn't mean that at all for
because I'll tell you the story about my
dad in a second you'll see why and so I
would if there were bullies or not so
bullies but I don't know okay
disagreement okay I'd be like oh great
yeah you hit first well anybody what hey
I know you take the first punch
I didn't mind getting punched I didn't
mind any of it I just want to fight so
okay okay so and a lot of them would hit
me first right nobody yes okay game on
Washington wrestler Russell okay you
gurmann oeuvre yeah so the youger
maneuver that I jokingly referred to on
there sometimes was it like I didn't
call the euchre maneuver as a you know
kid in elementary school in fifth sixth
grade when I was doing these fights now
in in America but I'd get people in a
headlock and ain't nobody getting out of
my headlock okay so you'd have to sit
there for you know however long it took
before you said I give up and when you
were kids
it was innocent and it was wonderful you
would fight until someone gave up right
and that was it there was no weapons
when I got a knife pulled on me a couple
times but I mean it's not just a knife
not any guns
and and I remember and I'm gonna say his
name I don't know I said at an early
show in the context of this story I hope
he doesn't feel too bad about it he's a
good guy who ran into him at a 7-eleven
in East Brunswick many years later
anyway one of the we had this gang in
our elementary school called the black
dogs they were named after the - what is
it the Metallica or likes it was the
black don't know like dog something why
don't you guys knows it right they
whoever's white st. Bart was near the
Deaf was born in Edmonton
Bart would know but Bart's not there
okay so anyway so that's the famous song
or album of one of these rock fellas
right yeah and and queer kids or kids
they're not they're not a real key but
like they had a number one and number
two they had a number three they had a
whole order okay Wow and you're part of
the season no no okay what's that
Led Zeppelin that sounds right okay one
of those white bands what do you mean
you always just calm down which is Riley
just for God's sake okay anyway so so
Angelo was the number two in the black
dogs okay his name was the most New
Jersey name ever Jesus is ready buckle
up brace for impact
Angelo mood irrelevant how's that for a
jersey name okay so so I would take you
to fight the black dogs from time to
time slash every day and sometimes would
be one at a time once I took about six
of them at once I was like now we're
having fun
okay and and so once Angelo and I got in
a fight and I put him in the yogurt
maneuver and that tough sumbitch
wouldn't give up like most people you
put them in the yogurt maneuver and you
squeeze the head a little bit about I'm
done thank you I quit we're done okay
but they not Angelo mudalali
he sat in that I swear to God no
exaggeration for half an hour because I
there was other people and they timed it
he sat in ahead like for half of an hour
okay and finally he's like now this
guy's never gonna let me go
we're both stubborn well the lucky part
is maybe as I was a ten-year-old 11
probably 11 12 yeah yeah luckily you
probably had his throat at the bend of
your elbow right no no I didn't do the
neck I don't know if I instinctual II
thought it was dangerous or whatever no
I would literally squeeze your head it
would be a headlock like this and the
heads here and there should be something
that should be something you get out of
this rain shouldn't hold you in that's
right the chin holds you in you should
be able to slip out of it but not from
the user once you slapped the euchre
maneuver on someone it's over okay Sanja
low even for the temple instead of the
throat yeah but the thing is that's just
not just as dangerous blood I mean
squeezing temples for 30 minutes
straight yeah it's not a good idea
I wanted a sleeper hold on someone
that's also a bad idea and I will tell
you about that why it's called the
sleeper hold
yeah I didn't you know oops
so in fact I think recently I told the
story I forget if it was to my kids or
in a post game to the members about
Angelo on a different story where same
thing fifth sixth grade somebody throws
a stink bomb in the in the class
teachers mad says okay none of you're
going home we're gonna sit here for as
long as it takes until somebody
confesses and everybody's like shank
just do it just come on hurry up we
could want to go home we're gonna play
kickball it's a you everybody knows this
you jank just say it right and I'm like
I don't even know what a stink bomb is
no they're like it doesn't matter just
say a check and I'm like okay here's we
got you gotta know two things about me
one is if you're if you're in a headlock
you're not getting out and number two is
if I didn't do it I ain't gonna say okay
something where you sit here for days
okay no way I'm gonna tell you I did it
when I didn't do it so so we sat there
for about half an hour when Angelo was
like you know I did this thing bomb
goddamnit jankle for everything it's
funny where your kids like like you
think that the hostilities real to some
degree right but then when we ran into
each other's grown-ups at the 7-eleven
in our hometown we had a great
conversation he's a good guy and you
know and and so it's all the things in
your heads we used to have fake weddings
it was fun it was America would
for kids and we could do crazy we used
to play a sport sport in elementary
school called kill the man with the ball
okay that's not a sport they allow
anymore okay so but did you ever have
that did you have killed me well that
was yes I came in the name but yes it
was
be prepared to hell I didn't there's a
bad name because I've been out - yeah do
you Corey do you know the bad name No
oh I didn't know that Oh obviously it
was a homophobic name yeah I just want
to point out that the two white dudes in
the studio or me - like yeah we used to
call something else they both really
spoke up okay I'm not even positive with
the names but I don't want to know it
I'll take it
rhymes with smear yeah that's what I
figured I'm not that dense but yeah you
know what it is yeah I got it so no so I
let's figure out if it's the same thing
right just to be made sure so oftentimes
a football right in the mood out
football and you'd run and then
everybody would pile on and then get the
ball and whoever had the ball then he'd
run and then you tackle him and then
somebody ripped the ball that's the same
game okay all right so except they just
I just wouldn't give up the ball it'd be
literally the whole elementary school
all the boys right and they'd go and I
run run run and then they finally tackle
only take like three four guys I was a
big kid right that's just all that's all
right it's just random not like I know
it was a tough fifth grader right it's
just randomly I was a big kid I was
strong and I liked it and so and then
I'd be in the bottom of the pile holding
on to the ball here we go so but that's
the kind of fun we had didn't think and
and my parents would let me ride a
bicycle wherever I wanted to be out
playing for six hours at a time and
there's no cell phones or no nothing
nobody's checking back in they're just
hoping and assuming I show back up at
the house if my if my 11 year old which
I don't have one but if Pro and Joe when
they turn 11 if they were gone for six
hours without us knowing where they are
alright so did your parents check in on
you know the things I was the youngest
of five kids so that older siblings we
know the whole thing how it works once
you've had your first kid you worried
and all the rest
starting with the second you're like oh
the first and survived this is easy let
him get dirty and let him run around let
him never come back it's fine the first
and survived it when we were
overprotective so but imagine getting to
the fifth man I did whatever the hell I
wanted to do cuz they're like number two
he's a kid my parents had three girls
then my brother then me so they've been
through all the girls who survived then
they went through my older brother who
survived they're like okay this kid's
got four older siblings they're gonna
look out for him cuz they're way older
than him and it's all gonna be fine so I
did I never experienced my parents
telling me anything but I was too much
of it I was an idiot I did all the right
stuff anyway they didn't have to tell me
anything I had plenty chance to never
did it I never did anything wrong what
an idiot
so many chances like like at least just
I mean like you said you get like to get
in the fights and I'm gonna get tough
guy who says if you're in my house knock
you up and you're the opposite but as a
kid I'm like I'm not getting in that
fight this doesn't this doesn't
accomplish anything what if mom finds
out she's gonna kick my ass I'm not
gonna get in that fight this isn't worth
it yeah that guy called me a piece but
really am I really a piece why am I
getting in that fight in America he's
like well now let's think about this am
I really a piece yeah I really don't see
any cause for fisticuffs here I got so
much so many comments about my nose
growing up I was a why it's big yeah
that's things like I was like you know
what that's a good observation my nose
is big can we move on now okay
okay sure I agree with you yeah yeah
same thing I used to it was my dick why
I don't think I'm allowed to say that
okay there's an old school so by the way
later in my Supreme Court hearings fight
me if I know I mean I'd go to I'd go to
church every Sunday
mean an edge flowy and sweet we never
fought okay the you group maneuver in my
on my calendar no see what that was was
a study habit that's right that's right
when I would then I would combine
algebra geometry and that was the yogurt
maneuver okay
so they were in assent times back then
but so my my dad I'll tell you that
story real good but okay actually before
I do that did but did they let you out
of the house and not check on in on you
for like for six hours eight hours
well yeah cuz I was with my brother lot
he's three years old at me so we'd ride
bikes no life I lived in the the country
County part of st. Louis I wasn't like
in the city so you're out in the wide
open
where streets are four-lane highways
basically you know is there streetlights
it's tough but if you think about the
middle of the country we're living in LA
where every street is tight and as a
stoplight every half a block there's a
stoplights after mile you know and in
the streets dip around and go this way
and then there's cows over there and
there's this so it's it's wide open it's
plenty of chances for cars to run your
ass off the road
sure just never happened but um we'd
ride to the mall be gone for hours
we're at our ten speeds back how much
one of those you don't like my kids a
child has now he's got whiskers
we bought him all this stuff when he's
like three and he's on training wheels
I'm like straining he's not he's got
security
he's got padded security 24/7 around him
but he's on a training wheels bike that
is not gonna fall over so what are we
doing all this for yeah I mean speaking
of the things I was wrong about right I
am so amusingly weirdly obstinate
sometimes I mean in a dates all the way
back it's in my DNA
so all the kids had bikes before me I've
told this story a couple times before if
you watch old school or post games so
because my dad wanted me to earn the
bike so and I did go work at the
construction site for $2 an hour get
paid on the table no your honor I did
I did not get paid on the table there
was nothing illegal though anyway
and so I had to work 50 hours and so I
could get a hundred bucks to pay for the
bike which cost a hundred bucks okay
and so so for long long time I had no
bicycle and everybody else did so I
would run behind them as they biked okay
that'll get you in shape
yeah okay so we wonder why meet Ana and
Jill in the race that's okay so so I'm
the awkward kid running behind those his
on bikes right and I finally get my bike
but now I'm kind of older and and a
training wheel I am do training was
embarrassing right so I decided that I
was just this should I ask someone to
teach me no and my parents are
immigrants like they're not they're not
like oh I've got to show up at every
football game and I've got to be there
for the parent detail the parent teacher
think they would come because that's
about school right but everything else
and like like I don't think it ever
occurred of my dad hey I should teach
him how to bike it just didn't occur to
him right he was busy working for a
living and so so I was like okay I'll
learn on my own so I ride for like one
yard fall down okay two feet fall down
I just learned by falling down falling
down falling down until I had I counted
seventy bruises on my life this is 70
think about know think about it
seventy bruises on your legs and you're
okay I'm thinking about the fact that
you counted them
I know because that's another dorky
thing but yes and so one time I was in a
sleepover with other guys I'll put up my
pajamas and we had pajamas back thank
God America such a nice place such a
great place anyway and and and so well
I'm doing that all right Jesus Christ
what's wrong with your legs like they
thought I had like some sort of lethal
disease fatal disease right yeah and but
you know what I did I learned how to do
the American Way okay so that's part of
personally because my kid is deathly
afraid of it so I was like hey you're
gonna fall straight up you're gonna fall
but I don't know who he gets from I
don't remember learning how to ride a
bike I just never been doing it so I
don't know I don't
the falls and I'm sure I had him and I
was probably like I don't want to fall
again but I don't so I don't know the
approach to tell him hey cuz if you say
it's different personalities you've got
two kids so I wonder what another one of
mine would anything be like but there's
certain things that he doesn't share
with me as far as personality and I
don't know how to approach those things
I'm like we'll just do it do that did it
so you can't say that yeah yeah these
internal thoughts to your kid then you
go that won't work
so what do I do next and so the hard
part is saying like yeah this is the
reality because I like to give doses of
reality to children it's like he's like
I'm afraid of a fall you know what
you're right you're gonna fall yeah you
gotta fall on your ass and you know what
right it's gonna hurt and you get back
up or if you don't you'll be that schlep
that has training wheels and then your
kids are rolling down the street your
friends rolling out street having fun
you can be like yeah this hurts more
yeah that's a good way of putting it I
like that way of putting it
if he philosophers I may be that good at
that put some psychological damage on
the cattle I'm kidding I think that's
right though so when i was when i was
learning skiing was a little bit more
bougie but with the guy who was a family
friend who was teaching me he said if
you're not falling you're not learning
like if you're just like doing the v--
thing all the way down the hill that
didn't get you anywhere right okay you
didn't fall congratulations but you
don't learn how to ski so i and in
skiing makes more sense there's snow you
fall of snow biking you fall on country
anyway so so my dad we're gonna jump
around a little bit
no okay one super last thing so my
wife's a marriage and family therapist
and so so often i have to shut my mouth
because i'm i'm kind you know internally
I'm old school
you know I'm a big Lib and you know we
could and we're gonna get eventually
back to the story about the guy who
broke into my house and what I did and
stuff probably let's not do it amazing
yeah so but whenever like there's a
situation and my son's asking you well
okay there's a bully and what am I
supposed to do
uh I'm like oh like I'm thinking because
I always think like so what if he hits
your back and then what happened what's
the big deal like okay I just I never
thought getting punched was a big deal I
just never you know I used to think so
um no has is this a is this an imagined
snare or has this happening you be
confronted with this yeah yeah yeah yeah
I don't know if it has happened yeah
that's the no see point when you have to
say I've always imagined when I'm gonna
have to have this conversation but when
you have it if you did what you said you
will do
yeah I gotta let no no I gotta let my
wife handle it I mean she's a
professional
okay and so she's a marriage and Family
Therapist that's what she does for a
living I know I know
can't tell you what happens me so my
kids not been hit but he's been talked
about
he has dreadlocks they've been tied by
this same kid um I know the kids mother
we're friendly it's fine I know they've
been in same class for three straight
years and kid is just acting out he has
issues I don't know what they are I
don't care but them so my kid is like
worried about going to school because
not he has not been hit yet but it's
just things being said being called
names again I didn't care about being
called names he does cool
so then my response is so bad because
then when I let my wife Hamlet she goes
first I'll give you what her answer was
oh well let's not do that let someone
talk to his mother I'm not angry with
his mother was nothing like it's not
like nice it comes with a knock on door
go hey if you don't stop with my kid
we're gonna fight that doesn't happen
right right it's me your Fresh Prince
it's just like a base thing do you like
I just wanna let you know that your kid
is doing this you might have a
conversation with him about it yes the
kids not a bad kid he's a seven six
seven year old who cares right yeah I'm
super curious how the sentence so my
thought was to talk to her that makes
sense to me yeah and if that and if what
and if that doesn't happen all stuff to
give my kid some he needs some
ammunition or he needs he needs to feel
prepared because the worst part is going
to these situations going what I'm
supposed to do here I'm getting called
names my hair's getting tired I don't
like it when I tattle on him he call
me a tattle-tale and all this stuff and
this kid harasses multiple people in the
classroom it's not just my kid so I've
watched it I've seen it during assembly
in the morning I'm like oh this is what
happens so I'm like it's so wrong I
shouldn't sell my approaches cuz there
was a kid in the previous class who
produced little things and I told him I
said isn't this the kid who would cry
every day when his mom will leave him
uh-huh and he's like yeah I said think
about that I said this kid that you're
afraid of cries when his mother leaves
do you cry when your parents leave you
know like no that's like what you have
that on them don't you know I'm not
something to go hey you're a crybaby
bitch I didn't say so he didn't say that
it is Supreme Court kind of confirmation
hearings never Joe this kid to tell
other kids that he's a crybaby bitch
have in your mind right what their
weaknesses so that you won't see them as
this strong over over powerfully
character on you and then oh man I'm
afraid of them because they do this and
that and they know this and that and
they say this to me hey you have
ammunition on them you're you have
things that that you can prop yourself
up to think you're better than a man
because this is just a game of like oh
I'm so afraid of me because he's called
me a bitch
yes look at your face you know like
little things like that anyway it turned
into well let's have a contract between
the two boys and they have a friendship
contract where they sign and they say in
a good friend I would like this to
happen and then you write these five
things you like your friend not to do to
you and then he writes the five things
he would like his friend not do to him
and they sign it any when they sign it
if they break the rules didn't teach us
to say you broke your friend contract
that's the we ended up doing you know I
was like that's the right way to go of
course cuz the kids not a bad kid I
never tell my kid to punch him in the
face and all that stuff was in my kids
in trouble and then he does that's not
who he is
I wasn't that kid either so I understand
but I would at least like my kid to be
armed with with self-worth cuz what
bullying does mentally is breaks on kids
self-worth in a way I'm not as good oh
my god I'm scared
Oh what if he does this my kid died the
tips of his hair green with his little
temporary green he goes I'm worried and
I can city kids name but so and so is
gonna talk about my hair he had no
reason to believe that they cable talk
about us here kid never say anything
else about the color was here but for
somebody thinks his choice to colors
hair green would make this kid talk
about his hair so now he's internalizing
everything he does in his life but go
you know what you know I'll go tell him
I said look at his hair yes look cool
too you know yeah we'll talk that's why
I wouldn't go because I was good at
talking I like I said I had four
siblings
oh we talked a lot I didn't read you up
and down yeah yeah that's great so I
mean Angelo had a contract to I squeeze
your head until you give up the TYT Plus
app is now available on iOS and Android
download to get more tu RT content at
TYT calm slash
