two American citizens I'm talking about
two individuals who were born in the
United States were detained for
forty-five minutes by a Border Patrol
agent simply because they were heard
speaking Spanish a Border Patrol agent
detained and questioned a woman and her
friend both US citizens when he
overheard them speaking Spanish at a gas
station in Montana apparently this is a
town that's about 30 miles away from the
u.s. Canadian border and so that was all
he needed all he needed to do was hear
two individuals speaking Spanish and
apparently that was enough for him to
detain them and start asking questions
the women were Anna Sudha and Mimi
Hernandez and Anna Sudha said the
following we were just talking and then
I was going to pay I looked up and saw
the agent and then after that he just
requested my ID I looked at him like are
you serious
he's like yeah very serious now just to
give you an idea of where these two
women are born Anna Sudha was born in El
Paso Texas Mimi Hernandez is originally
from Central California
so the Border Patrol agent told them
quote ma'am the reason I asked you for
your ID is because I came in here and I
saw that you guys are speaking Spanish
which is very unheard of up here
okay let's pause here to analyze that
statement first of all the Border Patrol
do have more leeway within a hundred
miles of the border but they're near the
Canadian border
so he's like since I don't hear Spanish
often in rural Montana I've decided that
you crossed the other border which is
thousands of miles away and and somehow
snuck all the way up here what would
they try to do get into Canada Hey but
that logic is not necessary and then you
can't just stop people for speaking a
different language even within a hundred
miles of the border you they might have
more leeway but they're they need some
reasonable suspicion they don't need
probable cause which is a heavier
standard but they need reasonable
suspicion you asked Border Patrol they
said well there's a number of factors
that go into reasonable suspicion what
other factors
involved here you can't name any right
exactly so does that mean that if anyone
by the way two thirds of the country
lives within a hundred-mile of one of
our borders right so does that mean
anyone speaking Spanish now we are gonna
say is reasonable suspicion to stop and
they were detained for 35 to 40 minutes
in the parking lot they just want to go
get some snacks right yeah some milk and
eggs and they showed ID what else do you
want him to do right nobody but even
showing ID I there again there there
wasn't what their activity did not meet
the standard necessary for this Border
Patrol agent to ask them questions to
detain them to ask for ID like this is
ridiculous to say the least
and these are people who were born in
the United States these are US citizens
how is this okay right so if you are
u.s. citizen
this should outraged you regardless of
where you stand on immigration because
know no one first of all no one should
be harassed simply because they're
speaking Spanish but I mean if we create
a situation where we allowed this type
of hatred to just spread right
especially under the Trump
administration then anyone can just be
harassed for doing something as innocent
as speaking a foreign language and by
the way this story made me want to only
speak armenian in public places right
just to be defined
this is outrageous yeah so by the way if
you're right when you're out there going
your ban you go to speak English man you
whatever the local language is you go to
speaker otherwise you should be roasted
and usually I know you talk like that so
be careful what you wish for cuz if you
go down to Miami you might have an agent
that says English is not normally spoken
here so we just had to stop you because
it was so abnormal and had to detain you
you like the other no by the way English
is also not the official language
there's it's not mandated it's not a law
that you have to speak English or a law
that you can't speak any other language
I believe this was supposed to be a free
country until at least the Trump people
took over but to me the two most
important parts actually was when her
seven-year-old daughter asked her mommy
does that mean I shouldn't speak Spanish
in public will I get arrested
okay and then she gave this quote she
said about the town
suta did it's in Montana it's a nice
town I don't think it's a
confrontational people here but now I
feel like if I speak Spanish somebody's
gonna say something to me it's different
after something like this because you
start thinking and thinking and to me
that's the most important part because
they put it in your head you're doing
something wrong and we could come after
you and you better know your role and
you better know your place we're in
charge and you're not but the reality is
they're citizens they're 100% citizens
they're 100% Americans you don't get to
tell them what language to speak and you
don't get to question them so and if
this cop or a Border Patrol agent or any
of them are pulling people over when
they don't have reasonable suspicion
it's those guys who should be
investigated we still believe in the
rule of law in this country two easy
ways to follow young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
