politico with a report a news story
about our revolution which is the group
that bernie sanders started but is not a
part of today as they acknowledge for
grudgingly in the piece the guy who
wrote this is edward isaac dubbers and
sometimes hilariously people on the
right will say i'll Politico they're
liberals really have yet to see them do
any positive stories about any
progressive group but I have seen a
number of hatchet jobs most
spectacularly this one so let me break
it down for you
so you know exactly what I'm referring
to and have the facts so these starts
the piece the second paragraph in by
saying an extensive review of the
Sanders inspired group depicts an
organization in disarray operating
primarily as a promotional vehicle for
its leader and sometimes even snubbing
candidates aligned with Sanders so now
those are extraordinary charges I assume
that he's gonna have a mountain of
evidence here I'm gonna go through it
with you and you're gonna see not a
mountain not even barely any evidence so
for example even right in there in that
sentence even snubbing candidates
aligned with Sanders well earlier the
media was criticizing Sanders for
starting our revolution and that's a
Senate that's actually not even I said
Canada it's a senator aligned with this
group that is working in elections the
Senate well now that he's not part of
that group
all of a sudden wow there's snubbing
what Sanders said well did you want him
to be independent or you don't want them
to be independent make up your mind all
right but let's look at the other
charges he's this third paragraph in
another huge charge our revolution has
shown no ability to tip a major
democratic election in its favor despite
possessing Sanders email list the envy
of the Democratic Party and can claim no
major wins in 2018 as its own so bold
statement there right in the beginning
article they have no wits okay total
failure all right we'll look at that in
a second so one of the things they
criticize in for is sitting out some of
the Democratic victories that did happen
it also set up as
this gentleman explains that Doug Jones
upset Doug Joe's upset Senate win in
Alabama last year and Connor lamps
triumph in a western Pennsylvania
congressional district that Trump
carried by 20 points now they set those
out because Doug Joseph Connor limb are
not deeply progressive and they not only
admit that they're proud of that they
trumpet their conservative traits and I
understand why Doug Jo's is running in
Alabama and Connor lambs district was
you know at a bare minimum purple but in
reality earlier clearly red right so I'm
not big grudging Connor lamb and dogs
Jones running that way and I'm certainly
thrilled that they beat their Republican
opponents but are they dyed-in-the-wool
progressives that are revolution back no
they're not they opposed the our
revolution platform in massive ways it's
not like there's no one else that could
help Doug Jones and what it does Jose do
you want an immediately support of
Donald Trump on half a dozen proposals
of his that's why our revolution didn't
back him if they had backed them that
would have totally betrayed the core
mission of our revolution instead there
was a ton of establishment Democrats
that poured in tens of millions of
dollars into those races and they won
congratulations what do you need our
revolution in that race for no I just
like to throw dirt on him for no reason
at all and I guarantee you if they had
supported dojos our revolution had
they'd be writing a piece about can you
believe that they collected money from
progressives saying they'd be for
progresses but they were for doug jones
who now supports Donald Trump on half
his initiatives there's no winning with
these guys all right well how about some
of the progressive victories he says and
in Nebraska Kerry Eastman who was back
broadly by progressives upset former
centrist representative Brad Ashford in
a house primary our revolution skipped
that election as well now I think I've
got great grounds to talk about this I'm
back Karen Eastman
she's a justice Democrat that's a group
I started now to be fair to Politico
they cannot stop talking about the
success of justice Democrats where's
your article on that
okay just Democrats back care Eastman
where's your glowing article about the
Justin surrogates a Bravo way to beat
Brad Ashford way to get in the fight No
you never take that opportunity but I
mean you have a chance to attack
progressives you're all over it as
always and secondarily so wouldn't we
like our revolutions help and carries
memories sure we'd liked it but that
every group is different and there are
other groups and the other races were
just Democrats were not involved but
maybe the Working Families Party was or
the p triple c and maybe in some cases
progressives honestly disagreed about
who the best candidate would be and two
different wonderfully progressive groups
would support different candidates and
by the way after the primary would unite
that's exactly how it's supposed to work
but no it's turned on its head huh they
weren't in every race haha got you so in
other words losers right that's the
theme of these building well but he
asked to in there by the way I counted
in the 50 nice paragraph of this story
says oh well okay I just to be balanced
I talked to Jane Kleeb who does support
our revolution she's in fact the
treasurer of our revolution and she says
there's a quote we have about a 50% win
record which i think is a miracle given
the fact that we usually endorse the
underdog or a woman or a person who
comes from a community of color now I
don't know if you guys know this and I
don't know if this terrible writer at
the Politico knows this but our
revolution was formed after the 2016
election it's a very new group for a new
group to start and to have any wins at
all is actually doing wonderful in the
context of it if a new right-wing group
had started a new establishment group
had started and by the way they didn't
have a ton of money and he got these
number of wins that would actually be
Wow holy cow
now but hold on that's just the
treasurer and he's giving a quote did
they really wouldn't fifty percent of
the elections
well Politico this writer himself Edward
Isaac Dovre says nah the wind record is
closer to 40 percent so wait a minute
this group that's been around about a
year and a half has won 40 percent of
the races that they're involved in and
they won him against oftentimes
establishment Democrats almost every
time with someone who was a he
financial advantage and has all the
institution and the infrastructure
behind them and you say 40 percent is a
bad record for that new group well then
you don't know anything about politics
it's embarrassing you should immediately
resign go get another job put the
editors of political you saw that you
thought this new group comes out of
nowhere was 40% of its elections I guess
that's a bad record really none of you
know what anything about politics
teaching hold the tea parties of that
same standard did you hold anyone else
to that same standard I guarantee you
you can go back and look for yourself
that when the Tea Party came and if they
won in their first elections that they
ever ran in if they ran 120 percent of
those races they'd be like oh my god
it's a beaut and I saw it with my own
eyes okay it's an amazing group they're
winning all these races I mean they
can't win all the races of course right
but to even win that amount that's
amazing Tea Party Tea Party they're an
important powerful force in American
politics our revolution was 40% only 140
okay gee I wonder if there's a hatchet
job I can't tell well there would be one
way to tell if you were to juxtapose the
record of the of our revolution with the
record of the establishment Democrats
and I'm sure politico's written a lot of
articles about this right about how the
Democratic Party is filled with
mountains of losers that all their
friends in Washington who they pal
around with who gave them this story in
the first place I actually can't do
anything but lose so since it was not in
the Politico piece let me clarify it for
you
here's Democratic establishment losses
reason they lost the White House mind
you to a guy who was polling at 37% on
the day of the election how could you
lose the Donald Trump and ever talk
about losses of anyone else ever again
in your life they also lost the House of
Representatives they lost the United
States Senate and by losing the White
House they lost the Supreme Court they
lost 69 out of 99 State Legislature I
don't know if you could be a bigger
loser than that and they lost over a
thousand state seats I don't mean in
total I mean that is the differential
from what they had to
they now have they lost a thousand seats
for the Republicans over a thousand it's
political writing on some Democrats
losers not Democrats that's easy to
write the establishment the consultants
the lobbyists all my friends who I go to
cocktail parties with everyone who fed
me this piece of crap that I pretended
was journalism uh are they're all losers
because of all the races they've lost
and they should have no credibility at
all for example they supported Brad
Ashford who was a former a rep in the
Democratic Party the Democratic
establishments like Oh an incumbent out
one point now he had lost the race
already right so why support Brad
Ashford no no no incumbent establishment
right so where's your hip job on how the
DNC and the establishment Democrats are
miserable losers and with all the
advantages including gigantic money
advantages they can't ever seem to win I
didn't see that one
no but it's time to attack a progressive
group and you think they're attacking
our revolution because they're doing
poorly or because they're a threat okay
we're not anywhere near done now here
comes the fall concern about Bernie
Sanders because he originally started
the group the result has left many
Sanders supporters disillusioned feeling
that the group that was supposed to
harness the Senators grassroots movement
is failing in its mission oh I know you
wrote the piece because you care so much
about progressive supporters and you you
thought let me express that support for
progressives across the country who were
part of the grassroots by doing a giant
attack piece on the group that they
support and then doing an attack on
their leader of that group but I care
about grassroots progressives i right
for Politico you come on you're writing
this with a straight face he continues
the problems have also fueled doubts
about Sanders organizational ability
heading into 2020 even after his out of
nowhere near march to the nomination two
years ago his organizational ability but
he doesn't run the group in fact the
writer acknowledges that he says Sanders
who is legally separated from our
revolution does not keep up with its
day-to-day activities so then why did
you just smear him by saying that his
organizational abilities
are put into doubt when he doesn't run
the organization it's almost as if your
real concern is not to help Bernie
Sanders but to hurt Bernie Sanders mm
but these are so hard to decipher I
couldn't quite tell and by the way if
you're an editor at Politico you might
want to think about a resignation to
that didn't you didn't you didn't catch
that on the one hand you say can't organ
this organization on the other hand you
admit he legally is not allowed to run
the organization oops
okay critics of the Vermont independent
had been worried he'd have a juggernaut
in waiting to fuel a second presidential
campaign but that anxiety has faded
after watching our revolution the past
year and a half really
politico's rioting attacked pieces on an
irrelevant group and all of your
establishment democratic sources gave
you this story because they're not
concerned about our revolution did they
also have you write about a group nobody
has ever heard of in the middle of
Nebraska no because nobody's ever heard
of that group they've heard of our
revolution they see their victories they
are concerned and then they turn around
go well we're not at all concerned but
here's all the dirt on them okay write
it write it right now please write it
please right we're not concerned though
we're not concerned and write down we're
not concerned okay do you think these
writers just come out with these ideas
on their own now it's the right wing is
not correct when they call it fake news
not like they got in a room they said
okay let's just pick a story any story
and make it up that our revolution is
actually writing a circus and they've
got a flamethrower in it no not me no
what happens and if you don't know again
this I don't if you're in the audience I
don't blame you you don't know the
machinations of how Washington works but
everybody else does and they pretend
that it doesn't work this way no
somebody feeds you the story oftentimes
it's opposition research every campaign
and sometimes entire organizations have
Oppo research in fact we know because
the DSC just put out a poor research
against the just Democrat Laura Moser
and it is supported by a lot of
progressive groups and so when someone
wants to do a attack piece they look
around for a reporter who is
ideologically aligned with them and this
guy is largely right-wing they're like
good its Politico
they stand for the establishment perfect
let's go give it to this guy cuz he'll
write whatever we want now tell him that
all we're worried about Bernie Sanders
but we don't care about this group at
all but make sure you attack them come
on
all right we're continuing they he
claims that they that Sanders Bernie
Sanders has expressed discomfort with
attacks by affiliates of our revolution
against some politicians Bernie Sanders
is not shy he could say that himself do
I trust Politico to tell me what Bernie
Sanders is thinking no that I don't is a
massive understatement oh he's so
concerned okay
supporters warned that the senator
himself will suffer if the group formed
in his name is seen as weak and
floundering which is exactly what I'm
trying to do with this article oops did
I say that no he didn't say that is
exactly what anybody now look at this
week but some people are concerned that
it's gonna seem that way well there
would have been one way to avoid that if
you had not run the attack piece in the
first place
oh so please just spare me your fall
concern what a load of crap that is okay
and then he points out but the hip or
fundraising now two things one yeah they
don't take the corporate money that you
guys are bathed in in Washington which
you celebrate all these writers in the
mainstream they do the establishment
writers now it's not because they're all
rich no it's just they live in this
bubble where they have groupthink they
think Oh Diane Feinstein I just raised
so much money from Lockheed Martin and
AT&T and the defense contractors and the
pharmaceutical companies Dianne
Feinstein she's great she's a leader
she's the leader she has a lot of money
a lot of money everybody took a lot of
corporate money
okay she's great you're trying to
actually help people poor fundraising by
the way if they had a done spectacularly
in front raising you know what they
would have said they raised all this
money but what are they doing with it
they raised all this money but what are
they doing with it so every no matter
what you do they're gonna attack you I'm
not anywhere near done so now we go to
Nina Turner she is the president of our
revolution here comes this hilarious
beginning line of attack both fans and
detractors of Sanders pin our
revolutions problems on Turner
do they the former ohio state senator
who became the group's president and
public face a year ago let me read that
again
both fans and detractors really on a fan
did you ask me I'm a fairly loud fan I
don't know if you can tell there's a lot
of fans of Nina Turner there's a lot of
fans of our revolution there's a lot of
fans of Bernie Sanders you talk to them
no you talk to the people who
conveniently would tell you well I'm got
a slight issue with Nina or I'm a little
jealous of Nina or whatever is going on
right did you actually go and talk to
the heart of progressives that are
thinking of Turner's doing a great job
no please don't pretend that you did
that's a preposterous thing no you
cherry picked did just a few critics
that she has some liberals also agree
some liberals amalia I got fed this
story by Andrew Cuomo or someone else in
the Democratic Party who can't stand the
success of Nina Turner and who might one
day run against her but yeah fans of
Nina Turner are also disgruntled yeah
tell me more about how you represent
progressives Edward Isaac Dover eh I
know you you're the pulsing heart of the
progressive grassroots in America all
right
though some sources involved in our
revolution says she's been an effective
spokesperson several others told
political they think she's seeking to
increase her profile this is one of my
favorite lines of attack she's all over
the country representing our revolution
wait why is that a bad thing if she had
just sat in Washington you know what
they would have said she's not going out
to the country to help different
candidates or the group she's just
sitting in Washington there's no winning
you get it damned if you do damned if
you don't you're gonna get attacked by
this guy no matter what you're gonna get
attacked by political no matter what
because they are not here to serve the
truth they're here to serve the
establishment and their contexts and
sources why if you're good to the
sources they'll give you another story
which is another hatchet job where you
basically work for them
okay now this isn't every part of this
story's hilarious then they say that
there are people concern about Nina
Turner taking on the DNC and the
Democratic establishment the
that a combative 'no sir has unsettled
some on her own board really there are
people on our revolution board a
significant percentage that you would
write this story who say no no let's
take it easy on the establishment if it
is if that's the majority of our
revolution board then they are not
fulfilling their mandate the people
sending money and the people doing
volunteering for our revolution are not
there to not be combative with the
Democratic Party and the Democratic
establishment they're not there to play
patty cakes I mean you almost couldn't
find a higher compliment of Nina Turner
than they say that she's combative with
a Democratic Party that's the whole
point it's not to bow her head and if
she had they would have been like well
what's the point of our revolution if
they're just gonna bow their heads the
Democrats there's no winning with these
guys all right now finally finally we
get to one smidge of actual fact in this
story so there there is actually a very
small group that is concerned about the
legitimate issue by the way so and I'm
unlike them I'll be fair and I'll tell
you what it is a founding board member
they explain resigned last month saying
our revolution wasn't paying adequate
attention to Latino candidates and
issues of importance to Latinos so
that's a real issue that they could
debate within our revolution and
hopefully get better at if it's true
they should have meetings about that but
let me tell other progressives that you
take it with any you know anything you
like right you want to ignore it you
want to listen to it that's fine but
fellow progressives do not help the
establishment both their minions in the
press and the Democratic Party by
forming circular firing squads you want
to take it up it with the board you want
to quit the board you want to go and
talk to other progressives you want to
go and have that those conversations and
conferences and conventions that makes
all the sense of the world no one would
ever quiet anyone else we're
progressives okay but when you go talk
to Politico understand what they're
going to use you for they're going to
pretend that you're the majority that
they have they're going to find two
people who are opposed and then pretend
that it's the heart of the progressive
movement or that it's a significant
factor so I'm just saying be wary of
establishment folks coming pretending to
be your allies and your friends they are
not there looking to destroy the whole
progressive movement and by get again
it's not a conspiracy they didn't get in
a room and go wah ha ha we will destroy
the progressive movement no it's their
group think I can't be Sanders I was
once with a reporter who shouted at me
Bernie Sanders will never be president
and said I don't do opinion wait maybe
you do do opinion but you're not honest
about it all right finally who's why did
I mention Cuomo and who's the one who
planted the story in the first place
well we might have a clue near the end
of the article last week our revolution
endorsed actress Cynthia Nixon in the
primary for New York Governor after she
filled out a questionnaire and did an
interview with a local affiliate but an
aide to her opponent Democratic Governor
Andrew Cuomo who last year was joined by
Sanders at an event promoting a state
initiative on the Senators signature
issue of free college said his campaign
knew nothing of the process and learn of
the endorsement from a press release to
notes there one is Andrew Cuomo you have
tens of millions of dollars you
collected from your corporate friends
you couldn't look up how to fill out
their questionnaire then you blame them
why didn't you just anoint me like the
rest of the establishment well that's
because you have to go through a process
I am Andrew Cuomo I don't go through a
process instead what I do is I call up
my buddy Dover a and Politico and go hey
I got something for you okay can you
believe they didn't endorse me the
temerity of them I once bothered to show
up at an event with Bernie Sanders
you're gonna be shocked to find out that
Andrew Cuomo today got endorsed by
Hillary Clinton hmm funny how that works
so look do I know for certain that Cuomo
planted this story well you've got a
clue there and unlike to the people that
work at Politico apparently I actually
understand politics and report on it
honestly so that gives you a significant
clue but whether it was him or some
other Democratic establishment hack or
some right winger we thought Bernie
Sanders and our
revolution is a real threat let's go get
ahead of this before we have to run into
them in 2020
either way they gave this story to
Politico and political enthusiastically
jumped in and was like ah they're not
even anointing Cuomo ridiculous they're
doing their jobs and actually supporting
real progressives let's go Barea
well news for you guys now there is
other media in the past it just would
have been you guys in TV and Scarborough
would have looked at this and on Morning
Joe I don't know if they have yet what
would have been like agreed progressives
are terrible well now there's us and
there's other media online and we're not
gonna sit back and take it and we're not
gonna be apologetic we're gonna come for
you and most importantly we're gonna
tell the audience what you're actually
up to and we're going to prove it just
like we did here this was a hit piece
through him through it had nothing to do
with journalism Young Turks two easy
ways follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
