glenn beck if you don't know is ardently
against donald trump he thinks that it
might actually lead us to a place we
might not recover from and you know give
him credit for being conservative but
being principled and he's not going to
give in to donald trump who of course
has no principles that said wait a
minute it's wearing a mag aha hmm that's
curious so this guy who vowed that he
would never support Trump and has shown
in a thousand different ways what's
wrong with Trump from a conservative
perspective all of a sudden does this
they were spinning it as if he was
saying that about all immigrants I'd had
enough I'd have enough media if you can
get me Glenn back to do this and in case
you're only listening to us on radio I
just donned a red make America great
again hat if you can drive me to the
point to where I say you know what I've
had enough I'll vote for him in 2020
gladly I'll vote for him in 2020 and not
really even on his record which we'll
talk about here in a second is pretty
damn amazing but if you can drive me to
the point to where I'll wear one of
these stupid red hats I'm telling you
you're making a gigantic mistake and I
welcome it I welcome it so he's
pretending that he's doing this because
the media has driven him to the edge the
way they talked about how Donald Trump
referred to undocumented immigrants as
animals
what do you back talking about every 13
well look that in that exchange a report
did ask him about ms-13 and then he went
out talking about how we are sending so
many people back and but they're not
really people they're animals so it was
clear to I think everybody that watched
that clip that he was referring to a far
broader section of undocumented
immigrants than ms-13 why are we sending
ms-13 back
baby kappa de people we shouldn't may be
in jail come on we're still having this
conversation as to whether Donald Trump
has said horrific things about
undocumented immigrants and generally
called them criminals and rapists in his
first press conference now for back to
Sri shed crocodile tears over oh my god
the media's bull i'm donald true okay
that that's why I'm doing this new
that's not why he's doing this I'll
explain why he's doing it in a second
but first more hilarious groveling I ask
forgiveness on Donald Trump from Donald
Trump on this please forgive me mr.
Trump for predicting that you will sweep
in 2020 because every time I ever am for
a candidate they always lose so I won't
endorse you because that's the kiss of
death but I will tell you the things
that you have done as the president are
remarkable remarkable you're pretty damn
amazing and remarkable let's watch
earlier glenn beck on donald trump the
people are speaking clearly and there's
two ways to go anger and nationalism
which has been done before in history
and you could go for nationalism you can
go for anger not the day off hitler if
you look at what's happening in with
Donald Trump and his playing to the
lowest common denominator and to the
anger in us you know Adolf Hitler we all
look at Adolf Hitler in 1940 we should
look at Adolf Hitler in 1929 he was a
kind of a funny kind of character that
said the things that people were
thinking where Donald Trump takes it I
have absolutely no idea but Donald Trump
is a dangerous man with the things that
he has been saying just two years ago he
was Adolf Hitler I want to remind you of
the quote you just heard a little bit
earlier Glenn Beck I will tell you the
things that you have done is the
president are remarkable
remarkable what a wonderfully broken man
but he's not done yet
watch I yesterday went and looked at
your campaign promises and then I looked
at what you've done I'm gonna do that on
the radio here in just a second it's
remarkable and in fact just Israel alone
may be the ballsiest and best thing I
have ever seen any president do in my
lifetime and that's saying something cuz
I'm a pretty big fan of oh I don't know
killing communism with Ronald Reagan
Hitler helped Israel so much that you've
decided now to be a Magog I owe the
pretty little lies that we tell so I am
my own theory first I'm gonna share an
anonymous friend of Glenn Beck talking
to the Daily Beast's said this that this
was quote desperate and predictable act
of a man hanging on to his last shred of
relevance by a thread trying desperately
to woo back the massive number of fans
lost when he poses trump sad I love that
last little line a little dig and a
reference to Donald Trump's tweets ok so
what's going on here two things number
one on the Left we care about
intellectual honesty and principles etc
so I criticized Obama a thousand times
two thousand times ten thousand times
now we need criticize him about the
stupid things that the Republicans went
after him for he wore the wrong color
suit he held a coffee cup while saluting
a Marine
he puts mustard on his burger or even
faked scandals like the IRS turns out
they looked into more liberals and
conservatives but they wouldn't shut up
about it because they have an agenda
they're driving but we did have a ton of
legitimate criticized for we told him
not to drill in the Gulf and we said and
don't kill civilians with signature
drone strikes and we were principled and
we remain that way for eight years but
on the right they love a
oriT Arianism so they look for an alpha
male and most of them are betas so they
whatever they see in what they perceive
to be an alpha eventually they all do
this I submit and so this picture now of
Glenn Beck goes in the pantheon of
wonderfully sad and broken men that lies
in Donald Trump's awake it goes along
with of course this other picture that
you're familiar with uh old friend Ted
Cruz okay so part of it is the audience
does not want you to contradict the Dear
Leader it wants you to bow your head and
put a maggot add on so then beg does the
cute little thing about what's a stupid
red hat and you know I'm not endorsing
you because that wouldn't turn out well
for you oh look I'm being selfish a sing
it I'm being slightly personal no no no
no the whole point is for you to put on
that stupid red hat and say I submit and
you did that by explaining how
remarkable our dear leader is you've
been remarkable oh god that is so
wonderfully sad okay so the other point
is that organization he's running the
place it no one has ever named an
organization better than Glenn Beck it
is on fire okay and he's trying to put
out the fire desperately he's like okay
alright I don't know somebody had me
America I got news of the year there is
almost literally a fire sale going on at
the Blake's they're losing money
massively that's because as I told you
from day one when they started out
organization Glenn Beck is not a
businessman he the Conservatives are
notoriously terrible at running
businesses and at least in the media
sphere in the media sphere they're like
where's Daddy Warbucks where's my daddy
where's why you shut it out of the blue
Robert Mercer I'm begging you the Koch
brothers he can't actually turn a profit
they can run sustainable businesses so
they look for billionaire people to to
come and donors to come and give them
money so they could run their operation
as basically propaganda for their patron
so that's the second reason why you put
the hat on so you could say no please
please I'm begging you please buy the
place I know it's worthless but it's a
good marketing good marketing and you
had to get billions of dollars in tax
cuts and you already did and we can get
you more tax cuts go up put overhead
I'll put it up huh
that Inc sad baby
oh my god please here's what I want last
thing you know Ted Cruz put the little
cherry on top
by doing that fawning description of
Donald Trump for Time magazine about how
he's one of the 100 great men right
Oh Donald Trump two things that you he
insulted your wife he called her ugly he
said your father was a murderer hey so
any when did that anyway glenn back just
looking for that last charity right
where you maybe go to the White House
and you kiss his hand or something
conservatives it's actually surprisingly
easy to break them just push them a
little bit and whenever they need money
they will grovel too easy wasteful young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a t YT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
