good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
the Justice Department now says it will
comply with president Trump's demand to
investigate whether the Obama
administration ordered the FBI to
infiltrate the Trump campaign the new
investigation however will be conducted
by the Department of Justice Inspector
General as part of his already ongoing
probe not by the FBI itself mr. Trump's
demand that the nation's federal law
enforcement agency investigate both his
political enemies and the investigators
investigating him is virtually without
precedent
and tonight the Justice Department
reportedly agreed to share top seek
information about the broader
implication investigation and one of
that investigations informants with
congressional leaders and therefore most
likely with the White House or self this
after President Trump met this afternoon
with top FBI officials in the past most
of mr. Trump's predecessors have at
least paid lip service to the system of
checks and balances that demands
distance between the White House and law
enforcement but now as allies fall like
dominoes the president is claiming that
the Department of Justice and the FBI
infiltrated an organization for
political purposes he is claiming that
the warrant process for foreign
surveillance can be abused and has been
and here's the thing President Trump up
to a point his wife the Department of
Justice and the FBI have done those
things in the past foreign surveillance
has been abused dissident groups have
been infiltrated and surveillance in
this country for decades based
specifically on their politics unarmed
suspects have been gunned down while
neither fleeing nor committing a crime
in some cases even today under President
Trump himself some
law enforcement officers feel empowered
to stop people on the street for nothing
more than speaking Spanish the overreach
of law enforcement is us here is
concerned one that does not detract from
the vast majority in law enforcement who
do their jobs with integrity day in and
day out it enhances rather than
diminishes their work to demand that
their peers all our pairs meet the same
standards but president Trump is not
seeking reform of federal law
enforcement he is seeking custom-made
measures for his own behalf so we have
to ask you mr. president
are we really supposed to believe that
the largely conservative or Republic in
the intelligence community would abuse
these warns against you and you alone
and not against suspects who let the
power to strike back can you mr.
president the most powerful man in the
world really be the only victim of
overzealous American law enforcement if
so if you truly believe America's
foreign surveillance warrants are being
abused where is your plan for reform if
you really want us to believe that the
Obama administration ordered your
campaign infiltrated have been forgot to
reveal the investigation in time to stop
your election where is your demand for
stronger firewalls between the
presidency and law enforcement why do
you display no interest in building that
wall why is it mr. president
that you have demonstrated no interest
whatsoever in law enforcement fealty to
the Constitution as long as its
officials loyalty to you
it's an overly broad generalization but
among subjects of Criminal
Investigations you Tripathi see types of
critics of overzealous law enforcement
in two ways number one those who seek
sweeping reform and justice for all
because they are innocent and empathize
with others in their shoes
and number two those who see only the
threat law enforcement poses to them
because they are guilty and empathize
with no one let me add a postscript to
the late-breaking developments of today
no question the Department of Justice
has caved in to president Trump's
demands this is any way you cut it a
victory for President Trump and those
who are seeking to protect him from
further investigations now weathers a
good thing for the country and the
integrity and the effectiveness of its
intelligence-gathering operations well
we will see and you'll have to decide
now in Santa Fe Texas another school is
burying its dead 10 dead 13 wounded the
first of those killed a girl not just
any girl a girl who reportedly had been
the killer's target months before he
squeezed the trigger
her name was Shana Fisher and she had
been rejecting his advances for months a
very real fraction of a life that lasted
only 16 years months telling the same
boy no and no again and again the new
NRA president Oliver North offered his
explanation for why this keeps happening
on Fox News the disease in this case
isn't the Second Amendment
the disease is youngsters who are
steeped in a culture of violence but
young people today are in fact the least
violent generation in generations and
boys today are no more entitled than
boys were yesterday
girls today however do feel more
entitled to say no and for that we're
grateful but they're noes are being
heard now in a toxic cloud of our own
creation we elected the president who
boasted about using force grab him in
his words to pursue his sexual urges the
Republican Party does more than
countenance his rhetoric it sends him
legislation
to undermine the autonomy of women and
girls mainstream media than their
megaphones to fringe figures who argue
that male desire justifies forcing
female compliance mainstreaming the
literal subjugation of women and then we
cede this toxic cloud with guns don't
wonder it's who often misogyny pulling
the trigger it happens every day behind
closed doors the only wonder is it does
not happen more in our schools and other
public spaces so my message to men and
boys those who would shoot the women and
girls they cannot have and those who
shoot off their mouths about the women
they cannot have is this you cannot have
it both ways
you cannot reject political correctness
and then demand to be loved
despite the unlovely things you say you
cannot use your freedom in your rights
to embrace ideologies of hate and then
deny others the freedom to reject you
for it we've come a long way from the
ways women were treated when I was a boy
but one thing remains true the best way
to win someone over is to be what they
want not demand they be what you want
rejection doesn't make you a loser
unless you reject her right to choose if
that means not being a jerk try it if
that means rejecting hate instead of
rejecting people try it until then
understand that your desire does not
oblige the object of your desire to do
or feel anything she does not have to
read your email she does not have to
just listen she does not have to give
you a chance
you are not Oded you are not old her
you're not old anyone because no one is
obliged to be with anyone else until you
understand that you've always be alone
I want to tell you something about the
gun used in center of a Texas and I'll
do so right after this I see what we all
say the deep divisions the endemic in
justices the uncertainty about our
future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where you sit on the
sidelines of history on Thursday 9 Wall
Street firms and big banks teamed up to
rescue the Remington Arms Company from
death you may remember that Remington
fell on hard times after one of his
weapons was used in the Newtown
Connecticut school shooting massacre
some of the families filed a lawsuit
against Remington Remington sales fell
off especially after President Trump was
elected and gun buyers no longer feared
that the government would come take
their guns and lenders were hard to find
after Newtown at least 30 banks
reportedly turned Remington down then
after Parkman Remington filed for
bankruptcy it looked like they were
finished until Wall Street to the rescue
first JPMorgan Chase and Franklin
advisors floated rumensin a 75 million
dollar loan then seven banks agreed to
extend Remington a line of credit worth
193 million dollars among the lenders
were Bank of America Wells Fargo
Deutsche Bank it worked on Thursday
Remington emerged from bankruptcy it is
morning in Remington country Remington
CEO said 24 hours later a seventy year
old student carried a Remington 870
shotgun into his school in Santa Fe
Texas and killed 10 people and there was
morning in the entire country
when JP Morgan Chase first threw
Remington a lifeline we advised chairman
Jamie Dimon that getting into the gun
business meant more than owning a gun
maker it meant owning the consequences
as part of last week's deal JPMorgan
Chase agreed to forgive Remington's debt
in return for an equity stake partial
ownership of the company
last month Bank of America made
headlines when he said it would no
longer lend to gunmakers the new loan to
Remington it said had already been in
the works but banks are under pressure
from both sides here three weeks ago a
Republican Commissioner Lee SEC the
Securities and Exchange Commission
ripped into Citigroup executives for
their policy of keeping gun makers at
arm's length Republican Senator Mike
Crapo chairman of the Banking Committee
criticized both Citigroup and Bank of
America for turning against gun makers
but when Wall Street is caught between
the NRA and GOP on one side and dead
children on the other there can be no
contest that much should be clear to the
banks and financial firms who just saved
Remington JPMorgan Chase Bank of America
Wells Fargo Deutsche Bank Franklin
advisors Regents bank branch banking and
trusts Fifth Third Bank and Synovus Bank
now we do not know when Remington sold
that shotgun used in Santa Fe Texas but
those nine financial firms who bailed
out Remington the day before should
understand now you do not merely own a
stake in the gun company you've saved
now you own the consequences after the
parkin Florida school shooting we had a
moment where some of the survivors
seemed ubiquitous it seemed that we had
reached a tipping point in the national
discourse about guns but then the
survivors faded from view the cable news
Booker's didn't call in as often it
seemed that the moment had passed well
not so fast they may not be on our TVs
as much but new numbers indicate today's
young activists are making a difference
where it counts after the public
apartments who shooting
young people began registering to vote
registering in numbers they hadn't
beforehand
that's according to data reported by the
New York Times it's happening in swing
states like Florida North Carolina and
Pennsylvania and they're not just
registering to vote greater numbers of
young people are reporting that they
intend to actually show up at the ballot
box it's easy to be cynical about
whether the day's young people will
actually follow through on that
commitment but here's the thing the data
show that cynicism itself is losing
ground among today's young people two
years ago young people were polled about
the following statement quote political
involvement rarely has any tangible
results unquote the number who agreed at
the time
26% was about equal with those who
disagreed 27% today more than a third
36% disagree that political involvement
rarely has tangible results fewer than
one quarter 22 percent agreement may be
we can thank the election of President
Trump for clarifying so vividly
just how important elections and voting
really are the importance of political
involvement may also have been
underscored by the failure of thoughts
and prayers
maybe that's why today's young people
aren't just saying they're committed to
voting they're already working on it
participating in our democracy now right
now Parkland students and their peers
are building networks and organizing to
register their fellow students to engage
them in the project of American
democracy and that is the genius of our
democracy
it holds within it levers of power that
are movable for those willing to do the
work that's why I'm inspired today by
both the democracy we have always had
and by the young people we are now so
fortunate to have because today's young
people have rejected cynicism in the
face of despair instead
they've rolled up their sleeves to make
change happen the only way it ever does
through people choosing to make it
happen even if they're not on cable news
how President Trump failed to make it
happen with China today is up next
hey Dave probably see Skype froze frozen
crash you know I was watching I'm
launching that documentary on the
Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam I'm doing a
live TV as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash that
was five look we're doing interviews
over there at youtube.com slash tyt
interviews and we've done some amazing
ones recently of course you know the
person most widely considered to be the
most progressive senators Bernie Sanders
history president Trump on Monday he
said his new trade deal with China will
lower tensions between the two countries
he did not mention the fact that he
created those tensions in order to get a
better deal a trade deal with China wall
street celebrated because big Wall
Street companies like buying cheap steel
from China and making its products there
with cheap labor on the specifics
president Trump backed down on his
terror threats he had been said to
impose tariffs on about 150 billion
dollars worth of products from China in
return China gave up well it's not clear
what China gave up if anything
how much would China agree to reduce its
357 billion dollar trade deficit with
America the gap between how much each
country buys from the other on Friday
Larry Kudlow the former Fox Business
anchor who is now mr. Trump's top
economic adviser said China will reduce
the trade gap by 200 billion dollars
the next day the White House said that
China will reduce the trade gap quote
substantially China did agree to buy
more gas and agricultural products which
they liked it would have anyway with a
growing and robust middle class
president Trump has pushed hard trying
he says to protect American companies
from Chinese intellectual property theft
this of course benefits Silicon Valley
and Hollywood more than Main Street but
even there the new trade deal calls only
for strengthened cooperation Republican
Senator Marco Rubio tweeted and I quote
why do US officials always fall for
China trickery unquote and even some of
mr. Trump's staunch s backers call this
one a loss except the course for Wall
Street have you noticed the birth rate
in America fell to record lows last year
and no one seems to know why for every
1000 women between the ages of 15 and 44
only 60 babies were born that's the
largest annual drop in the birth rate
since 2010 worsening an ongoing trend
America's birth rate is now well below
what's known as the replacement
threshold that's where the country is
having enough babies to sustain the
population level
thanks to increases in fertility
technology older women are having
slightly more babies than they used to
but the overall drop still defies
explanation
in other news a new study finds that 43
percent of American households don't
make enough money to afford housing food
health care transportation a cell phone
and child care health insurance
companies in Maryland and Virginia
announced that they are raising premiums
by as much as ninety-one percent
Bank of America predicts the price of
gasoline with little $100 a barrel next
year and what was handed me this just in
still no word on why Americans are
having fewer children my thoughts on the
world a and what mattered to those who
gave their lives just after this
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be Kepler is something to happen
takes the crown the best sales force out
there is Merrill Lynch and now it goes
to be a it's pretty amazing pretty
amazing
we're going to see a stabilization and
just a tremendous snapback the Occupy
Wall Street movement is not it's not a
spontaneous protest against economic
inequality this is what we mean by the
establishment press it is a well thought
out to well thought out campaign to
bring down the infrastructure rupture of
this country the embarrassment is that
I'm giving credibility in this world
because of the disappointment that the
public has and what the news media does
I live performer chairman of the
Veterans Committee and I learned a
little bit about the cost of the war
what the president is trying to do and I
agree with them
it's do everything that we can without
going to war so to say to your critics
my Democratic critics who say you know
what your is really just the socialist
passivity
I very rarely read in any coverage of
Bernie this is a socialist Bernie
Sanders is a socialist for God's sake
the most analyst is saying that Hillary
Clinton's gonna win in a landslide I
continue to believe mr. Trump will not
be President got Trump at 279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight back
finally tonight a few thoughts about the
long holiday weekend coming up I never
think of Memorial Day that I don't think
about the years covering Americans at
war on distant battlefields Vietnam
Kuwait Iraq Somalia Afghanistan and
other faraway places with
strange-sounding names it was always
these Americans sense of duty and
sacrifice that struck me and stayed with
me the deepest for the longest country
boys from the heartland urban kids from
inner cities and those from rural
poverty willing to die for our nation
and their families and many of whom did
die misguided and misused they often may
have been but few of them thought of it
that way they thought of duty honor
country about their missions the
overwhelming majority thought along the
lines of Tennyson's OA poem there's not
the reason why theirs but to do and die
it's a common belief that what fighters
in war fear most is dying being killed
my experience has taught know what they
fear most is letting down their comrades
the soldiers sailors our Airmen at their
sides on their left and right and just
ahead that and the fear of dying without
anyone ever knowing what it was like
what it was really like in the fatal
moment with these thoughts in mind my
thoughts drift to Arlington National
Cemetery just outside Washington the
final resting place for many of
America's war heros hallowed ground
hallowed ground indeed carved above the
entrance of the words of an old
little-known poem written by Theodore
O'Hara in the 19th century the poem is
titled bivouac of the Dead the first
stanza of it reads
the muffled drums said roll has beat the
soldiers last tattoo no more on life's
parade shall beat that brave and fallen
view on fames eternal camping ground
their silent tents were spread and glory
guards with solemn round the bivouac of
the Dead in loving respectful memory of
all who died in combat for her country I
wish you were yours apart for meaningful
Memorial Day and with that I leave you
for this new cycle The Young Turks is
next and we'll be back with the news at
this same place in time 5:30 Eastern
every Monday until then Dan Rather
reporting stay steady
I wondered special election coverage
trapping an amazing power like a smart
Destiny's Child we're all too strong
we've done a revolution yes another one
aren't you excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount hair fan fiction
we have elected the top Twitter troll in
the country what ran me away from
Christianity was judgment and
condemnation assaulting peaceful
protesters in North Dakota
Fraser than bombing Yemen crazier than
bombing Syria so much they ran out of
bomb reductive interpretation of what
their motives are what Putin's are
hey Jake what's up and I want to do a
YouTube live clip but not live go
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
2016 primaries why be a Democrat at all
and we're in the time where
sit on the sidelines of history
you
