I feel incredibly lucky to earn that
salary and you know I don't take that
for granted
but I will also say me and John who was
referenced in the piece every member of
our organization actually has we've gone
months where we didn't get paid at all
I mean I floated this organization
personally for months and months before
we were able to actually pay ourselves
that was crystal ball the founder of the
people's house project this week she was
the subject of a brutal story in
McClatchy that went over the finances of
her nascent organization and asked the
question is crystal ball running a scam
pack or is crystal ball reinventing how
campaigns can be run on the Democratic
side the essential charge the McClatchy
is making is that crystal ball and her
deputy are paying themselves with the
money they're raising instead of
spending on candidates people's house
projects basically it finds
working-class candidates and endorses
them in house house races are possible
only House races and then helps get them
elected so what's the kind of the first
response to the charge that hey too much
money that you're getting in went to you
and to your deputy rather than to these
candidates right so the charge is
essentially that you know we just are
raising money and paying ourselves and
not really doing anything or providing
any value to the candidates and in
fairness we are a different model you
know I believe very strongly that while
money is important in these races it's
not always the most important or most
essential thing especially the kind of
candidates that we're talking about I'm
talking about you know former teamster a
roofer an iron worker a lot of teachers
veterans they are deeply connected in
their district they're incredibly
talented candidates they don't have
access to money they don't have access
to political networks they don't have
access to media networks so our goal is
to come in early and to give them that
first boost up the ladder so I'll give
you one example of what we do just so
you can see kind of how our model works
Richard Oh Jetta 24-year Army veteran
for towards Iraq and Afghan
Danny's kind of a rising national star
now and he's running in this very
challenging district in southern West
Virginia Trump wanted I think he got 70%
of the vote there and when we first met
Richard back in the summer I met him at
a United Mineworkers Labor Day picnic I
could tell that he was an incredibly
compelling candidate from the way that
people responded to him but the message
that we got back from the party is this
guy can't win he doesn't know how to
raise money we've got this other
candidate in who's an establishment Pig
backed by Joe Manchin you're back in the
wrong guy and so we came in early for
Richard we helped him with fundraising
direct dollars into his account we
helped introduce him to political
connections we helped get a media he was
on you know HBO vice news tonight thanks
to us so we gave him a lot of lift and
then he just won his primary he actually
got more votes than all the Republicans
combined so that's kind of how we work
we're not a direct conduit of funds
that's never what our goal has been it's
been to be really hands on and on the
ground with these candidates so to get
back to your question what's the
response the responses ask the
candidates I mean this you know every
one of our candidates describes our
support and our help as invaluable a
godsend etc etc so to me that's the
metric that I've always been shooting
for I haven't been doing this for the
donor class I haven't been doing it for
the political establishment certainly
I've been doing it to support these
candidates so if they're happy then I'm
pretty happy so you're an interesting
person to be doing this because you have
connections with the party like you ran
for Congress yourself yeah as a host as
a pundit you you met a lot of these
people in the green room so when you you
know you get your calls returned yes
were used to so talk about the Richard o
Jettas situation reference so you so you
identify this guy yeah who by the way if
people haven't checked him checked him
out he's he's amazing he's like the most
exciting candidate running across the
country as well as HBO there was this
great Politico profile that was actually
in JFK with tattoos and a bench press
he's hard to describe so
people should just check him out so you
identify him did you go to the party go
to Washington and say like hey here is a
guy who can actually win this district
he's wildly different than anything
you've seen before but he's a state
senator then he went state senator with
like $30 he won his state Senate seat on
$4,800 and they say well we've got this
other guy they lost this district by 40
points last time yet they're gonna do
the same plan again so who was this
person that they said well this is who
we think is a smarter candidate our 40
point loss wisdom well and I don't even
know that it was that there was any
thought as to this guy is the one that
could win it was well this is the guy
right right it's not even about winning
it's just this is the guy right and so
he was the mayor of Huntington and he
was you know tied in to Joe Manchin and
had much more significant fundraising
ability than Richard did when we first
met Richard and he did in fact out raise
Richard I think four to one but he ended
up having to drop out of the race
because the facts on the ground were
just such that Richard had so much
momentum even though he was getting out
fund raised that there was just no way
this guy could credibly continue which
goes back to the idea that money matters
you have to be able to communicate
that's all true but the party has been
so exclusively focused on money that
they've missed down on candidates like
Richard oh Jetta they've missed down on
candidates you know that we're
supporting car Alonso Huntington and
Kentucky's first congressional Mariah
Philips and Tennessee these incredible
people who know their community right
they don't need a DC consultant to tell
them to how to talk about progressive
values in their community because
they've they've lived it they know how
to do it they just need they need a
boost up that first rung of the ladder
and then they take off so we also were
early supporters of Randy Bryce right
perfect example of our model and we were
behind it before even got in the race so
before he had his incredible launch
video that made him into a national
superstar we were behind him and at that
time people would have said well this is
crazy you're going up against the
Speaker of the House you're an
ironworker like how this is not
gonna work and I want to go back to a
jet in a second but what did like for
instance what did you do for Bryce like
what what does that mean to go in early
and help one of these candidates you
know with Randy it really was mostly a
confidence thing because he took off so
quickly but now I mean he doesn't need
he's he's raised tons of money he's
doing awesome the speaker's dropped out
you know so he we have we have not been
as hands-on with because he just hasn't
needed to help but like with Oh Jetta
we placed op eds we helped him set up
his fundraising operation we took him to
California and set up meetings for him
we held fundraisers for him here we've
got him booked on I got him booked on
HLN yesterday I mean anything that they
need help with we're an almost constant
contact with the campaign to help
problem solved fill in the gap whatever
they need were on the ground to do with
them
here's a quote from oujet a-- from the
political story to let people know the
kind of candidate we're talking about so
this is a guy in deep in deep in coal
country
yeah he's talking to a group of striking
teachers here and he was kind of talked
about as the kind of a leader of the
teacher strike we are on the next Saudi
Arabia they've said that the energy
people have said that so if we're on the
next Saudi Arabia obviously they want it
to be just like Saudi Arabia where you
have about ten people driving around in
Lamborghinis and everybody else eating
sand sandwiches that's what they want
guess what no and then he says I don't
give a about big energy so this is
this is not kind of the old-school
democratic coal friendly pro-life I'm
less bad than the Republican but I'm a
Democrat kind of approach this is this
is in your face
absolutely in your face I mean he's very
much an FDR kind of a Democrat he talks
a lot
he really was truly the the spark for
the teacher strike he gave a viral floor
speech and was the first one to call
from them to walk out and they rallied
around him like crazy you know t-shirts
with his face on it oh Jetta twenty
twenty signs here's a guy who served our
country was nearly killed I think five
different times in Iraq and Afghanistan
came home to Logan County West Virginia
thinking he was going to live happily
ever after
and he really felt that the lives that
were lost overseas his men were lost in
sense in vain because the country wasn't
what he thought it was when an entire
generation in his community had been
lost to opioid crisis when there was no
hope and opportunity there and so that's
what sparked him it wasn't ambition it
wasn't I want to see myself you know on
TV or in the news it was I have to do
something so that the names of these men
who he has tattooed on his back who lost
their lives that that wasn't in vain and
I'm telling you he's gonna win in
November I mean I can promise like he's
gonna win in November in an hour plus 23
district which means it performs 23
points more Republican than you know the
nation at large trump country central
seventy percent of the vote for Trump
he's gonna win there and people ask me
why and it's it's just as simple as he
stands with the people you want another
primary on Tuesday night DD Adams DD
Adams and actually it was there there
was another the p triple c the
progressive change campaign committee
which is founded about ten years ago to
back
lefty candidates so they backed a
different candidate and the district did
she out raise the candidate you backed
how that how this how that races go no I
think our candidate out raised that
candidate
I believe so Arcana is a woman named
Edie Adams this is a Western North
Carolina district so it's winston-salem
it's a little it's rural it's mountains
Virginia Foxx who a lot of your viewers
may know is the congresswoman whose
awful and DD as a lifelong resident of
the area and she was a teamster when she
graduated college there were no there
were no professional white-collar jobs
so she went to work in the Schlitz
brewery puttin the lid on the can of
beer and she's an african-american woman
her name is Denise and when she went to
apply for her first white collar job she
changed her resume to be DD so that they
couldn't tell she was a woman and when
she got the call back they said is mr.
Adams here and she said well no but Miss
Adams is and that's how she got that's
how she got a white collar job she's a
long time she's been a City Councilwoman
there and she's been incredible in terms
of
you know dealing with food deserts and
really fighting for underserved
communities there and what did you guys
do for her so it also lets ya to tie it
to the McClatchy story that was written
about you guys the question in the
classic pieces is is this a scam pact or
is it a legitimate operation that is
redefining what it means to be a scam
packs are a very real thing these are
political action committees that well
they're formed as political action
committees and they bye-bye up email
lists and and they do mailers and they
basically fleece well-meaning people out
of money both on the right and the left
yes the the right has a ton of them they
raise all this money they just keep the
money right don't do anything for anyone
just keep the money for themselves and
then if you talk to the candidates that
they say that they have helped right
they usually have never heard of the
operation credits they don't and you
can't find human beings usually even
behind these things so that was the
question raised about yours because of
the salary that was getting paid to you
and you and your director so that's why
I suppose what were you doing for for DD
for DD so Dee Dee a couple things we did
for her just his example so I went
before her first candidate forum and
worked with her on her answers prepped
her for debate
I wrote speeches for her I helped them
with you know local media coverage we
did help them some with fundraising and
we did also contribute we maxed out to
them between the direct contributions
and the in-kind contributions and then
right before the primary I went and was
on the ground I you know went with her
to the convention and helped her there I
did a rally with her the night before we
went to a fundraiser after that and then
my executive director John Moffitt who's
also mentioned in the piece
he actually went to North Carolina and
knocked 400 doors on Election Day so I
mean just on a weekly if not daily basis
we're in touch with these campaigns
helping them strategize helping them
make connections and and being just you
know another adviser and try to
troubleshoot with everything that
they're doing I mean we I talked to them
today about okay now that you've won
what are next
and what's the campaign team we need to
get in place and who do we know and who
can we send you resumes of I mean just
literally everything so to your question
of if it's a scam pack then the
candidates would be like we never heard
of these people
this reporter reached out to most if not
all of our candidates and every one of
them described us as indispensable
invaluable a godsend so again to me
that's the metric that's the metric that
matters so that's the kind of thing that
you do for candidates yes and so for
that your salary is about $180,000 the
executive directors about 120,000 yep
how does that compare to other people at
that level of political campaigning you
know after when he started digging I
said okay well let me look around and
see what comparable would be and I was
you know when he wrote me he said I make
more than a staffer which I took some
offense at because I'm not a staffer I'm
the president and founder of this
organization staffer on the hill or
something he just said a staff okay and
when I spoke with him on the phone which
I recorded he said well you know this is
what a low-level staffer makes so I was
just taking a look at the FEC filings of
the people's house project and I just
had some questions I guess about how
some of the money is being spent that
that you've raised now first of all we
were unable to pay ourselves for a
moment during the launch of the you know
of the organization so the first quarter
was the first time we had the money to
pay resolved and parasol the clock okay
you mentioned that you had looked at
organizations and other staffers who you
know armed difference I was wondering
who you looked at I mean I mean to be
honest I'm thinking of like 10 years
worth of looking at FCC forms and the
salaries of staffers draw they're
usually I mean most low-level staffers I
was looking through some yesterday they
earn between you know a couple grand a
month and I mean usually not much more
than that
Consultants can be different and you you
typically consider a foundering
president to be a low-level staffer not
a low-level staffer but I mean like for
instance campaign managers on campaigns
usually don't make that much money when
I looked at the comparables of what
other pack directors make I made less
than anyone else I could find he did
mention one that he said you'd flagged
for him I sent him a bunch a cherry
picked that one making more than a
million dollars yeah and it's a larger
organization right fine but I literally
didn't find anyone who was making less
than me okay so it's a large
organization great but that doesn't mean
you're necessarily working doing more
work harder and doing more work okay and
there seems to be this idea in our
country that well you sit atop a pile of
cash so therefore you should be able to
take a huge portion of that cash home
when they're sitting in an office
cutting ads are just doling out checks
right what are you guys what are you
actually doing for that and there's
separately a an idea in this country
that well if your working class you
shouldn't you shouldn't be getting paid
well yeah eighty-one percent yeah I mean
it's true you're allowed to have 81 81
percent but it's like there's an idea
like well okay this Republican guys he's
working with billionaires so he should
be siphoning a lot off the top but
you're working with working-class people
so they're there for no there should be
no money involved and the consequence of
that the function of that is that people
don't do that work then so and so then
the work working-class candidates don't
help don't have anybody and my
candidates were asked directly about my
salary and they were all like she's been
great I have no problem with it I mean
we don't cost them any money you know
and our donors know what they were
funding they didn't think they were they
would be mad if I was just funneling
their money directly to their Canada
they can give money directly to
candidates they don't need me for that
they need our organization because we
are finding these candidates and helping
them elevating them to start with
so I mean I don't want to be I don't
want to be dismissive I feel incredibly
lucky to earn that salary and you know I
don't take that for granted but I will
also say me and John who's referenced in
the piece every member of our
organization actually has we've gone
months where we didn't get paid at all I
mean I floated this organization
personally for months and months before
we were able to actually pay ourselves a
salary so you know I I think it's this
is my full-time job I love getting to do
this work I love it I love these
candidates it is like the most
fulfilling thing I've ever done in my
entire life
but the reality is I'm not in position
to do it for free I'm just not so this
is my full-time job and and yeah I'm I'm
paid a salary for it
I think the answer will come in the
results yeah that's not typically the
case in politics normally what if
whatever the results are don't matter
you know yeah you lose as a consultant
you go on and you work on the next
campaign and there are there are no
consequences
yeah but this is the case since people
are watching this a case where they're
gonna hold us to account yeah hold us to
account and if I'm not right if you win
it shows that maybe you don't have to
raise that amount of money maybe there's
another way to actually go about winning
winning a race
