Trump has dialed back an Obama policy
that asked federal agencies to reduce
their emissions let's break down what's
happening the revocation came as part of
a late-night executive order that
instructs agencies to set their own
goals for efficiency and prioritize
actions that reduce waste cut costs
enhance the resilience of federal
infrastructure and operations and enable
more effective accomplishment of its
mission now Obama signed the original
order in 2015 with a goal of reducing
the federal government's greenhouse gas
emissions 40 percent in a decade it
asked agencies to reduce buildings
energy use by 2.5 percent per year whose
clean energy for 25 percent of their
energy needs and shrink water use by 36
percent so Trump's new order is
basically asking these agencies to
self-regulate my question for the panel
is why are prescriptive measures
important or why are they not important
and what are your predictions for the
actions that these agencies might take
now that they're self regulating well I
just want to make a quick point before
we get into your questions about how
this was kind of gratuitous because this
is about the federal government lowering
you know its carbon footprint and did
anyone think that the Trump
administration would enforce anything in
regard to the federal government doing
its part to reduce carbon emissions I
mean no they weren't gonna do anything
it's almost like you know what we're
gonna really just smear it all over the
face okay we want if we want to undo
anything that Obama did we don't believe
that climate change is real or man-made
and so yeah we're gonna go ahead and
rescind or take away these Obama era
rules gyro rules it's self regulation is
not really a thing right so if you ask
companies hey would you like to
self-regulate them oh yeah here's a
regulation I'm gonna do that cost me
money no no right
so in this libertarian fantasy that no
it's okay but after they've caused a
deaths of a lot of people then people
won't buy their products okay that's not
really how the real world works and in
the case this is the case of government
right well if you're in the Trump
administration and you decide that
you're gonna self-regulate and actually
really reduce your carbon footprint
you're likely to get fired and in the
old days there was as in Obama there was
clear rules
we all have to abide by these rules so
that we can have a you know maybe just
maybe save the planet and in this case
Trump is saying look I don't know if you
got the memo I don't want to save the
planet that's not we're not in that
business we're in the gift fossil fuel
industry whatever they want business
because they're our donors so this is
also a wink and a nudge of if you know
what's good for you make sure your
department is not doing any of this
regulation yeah I think it's totally
true I mean you know it's uh I think
having government oversight when it
comes to these particular agencies I
think is really important in terms of
setting guidelines you know I've become
really interested in the co2 that has
permeated our atmosphere because it
shows that or some scientists believe
that it's actually making our food less
nutritious and so I know that government
agencies play a small part in terms of
the larger ecosystem but yeah this is
pretty disappointing well one thing that
we do know about the impact the climate
change has already had on our food is
that it's it's negatively impacted
agriculture right so you know scientists
have had to turn to other methods of
growing our food so you know genetically
modified food specifically genetically
modifying plants in order to ensure that
they could withstand higher temperatures
and what's been happening in it and so
look right now we're working on
mitigating the impacts of climate change
but things are gonna continue getting
worse right with the extreme weather
conditions it's going to look it really
is one of the biggest national security
threats
once our resources start running out and
people become desperate what's gonna
happen I'm am useless our fight at the
idea yeah I know the planet is melting
and it's getting it'll get incredibly
hot and the oceans will rise but don't
worry we'll genetically modify your
plants
okay so that'll be that'll solve
everything so one more thing in this
case as he says don't do anything about
the carbon in there we just set a record
for the most carbon dioxide in the air
when we said it every year but now it's
more than we have ever had on the planet
in a lot
800,000 years the last 800,000 years so
and again once the ice caps melt and the
methane which is even worse than the
carbon dioxide goes into the air we
cannot put them back into the ice caps
so we're going to be screwed every day
that Donald Trump is in office and doing
this is a day we cannot recover from
yeah just I mean just to add to that I
think it's really interesting to realize
how it's believed that the carbon
dioxide is actually making our plant
life I mean beyond the GMO issue you
know plants consume carbon dioxide so
the fact that our a you know this the
co2 concentration in the air is
increasing it's causing the plants
actually to grow faster so we're getting
more volume from our food but the food
itself is actually becoming less
nutritious because when plants grow
faster they actually store more starch
and sugar and less protein and minerals
so our I mean you look at the
skyrocketing rates of obesity and type 2
diabetes in this country which are in no
doubt related to the you know ever
increasing presence of cheap rapidly
digested carbohydrates in our food
supply and you can see a direct
connection between the co2 that's
permeating our atmosphere now and this
problem so I mean it's all so
interconnected absolutely interconnected
I think a big part this is ignorance
from the from those in power when it
comes to global warming two easy ways
for the young turks one is hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
