the gubernatorial race in Georgia is
heating up and the candidates are
attempting to outdo one another with
incredibly hateful and cheesy ads now to
give you some more information on what's
going on with that gubernatorial race
according to Talking Points Memo the
front-runner in the race is lieutenant
governor Casey Cagle a more moderate
candidate who has backing from the
state's political and business
establishment and a double-digit lead in
polls but Cagle is unlikely to meet the
50% threshold that would secure him the
nomination leaving his for opponents
locked in an all-out war to score a spot
in the June runoff election and so the
strategy that the candidates are
utilizing is you know pushing out
messaging that makes them appear more
right wing than their opponents and so I
have a few examples for you these are
actual political ads they're not SNL
skits this is not a joke and it's
incredible that this is the direction
that they're going in but nonetheless
let's take a look at the first video
which by the way features a temp yes so
it features Brian Kemp he is just watch
the video second I'm Brian Kemp this is
Jake young man interested in one of my
daughters yes sir Jake Kass was running
for governor I said one cap government
spending to take a chainsaw to
regulations three make Georgia number
one for small business in two things if
you go on date one of my daughter's
respect and I help the appreciation for
the second amendment sir we're gonna get
along just fine Brian Kemp for governor
okay so just to tell you where Brian
Kemp falls in the polls
Cagle who does have the lead the Cagle
is an unfortunate last night but anyway
just keepin to 100 Nagle leads with 35%
of the vote Secretary of State Brian
Kemp is in second with 17% and former
state lawmaker hunter hill and
businessman
Cley tippin's are tied for third place
in this in the high single digits okay
so that's where everyone stands at the
moment so Kemp Believe It or Not has a
were sad we're gonna run that for you in
a second but in that ad yeah that was
Kegel or camp that was camp though
though that was camp so in that ad he's
slow like we're just having fun
right well unless you're the guy being
the kid who thinks you're pointing a
shotgun at me pretty sure you guys but I
don't know much about guns but I think
you're supposed to point it yeah that
doesn't seem very responsible for gun
owners okay but listen I mean look at
the imagery there's all the weapons in
the background the kid says take a
chainsaw to some sort of regulation
right so everything is like violence
violence violence violence I know like
the whole joke about hey if you're gonna
date my daughter and be careful maybe
you left it at that that's fine but you
know people also do go lead pipe blow
torch but if you took out a blowtorch
was like I'm gonna light you on fire
you'd like oh my god this guy's a maniac
right
when he points a shotgun at the kid and
has all the assault weapons in the back
do you know what a gun owner in rural
America would think about what you're
saying right now yeah mr. snow flake
scaredy-pants yeah well I don't want you
pointing shotgun at me I do by the way
yes yes do you want me pointing a
shotgun at you I suspect not right man
you're Brown wasn't exactly pointing it
at him he headed off a little to a
little to this side the point of that
was not Oh I'm protective of my
daughters obviously we all know that the
point was look at how conservative I am
look at how much I love my guns and this
is really what is at play here it's a
conservative off right like they want to
outdo one another in their conservatism
conservative conservatism alright so
there's another video featuring Kemp
that I want to show you again this is
another ad that's part of his campaign
and he talks about how conservative he
is take a look
I'm so conservative
I blow up government spending I own guns
but no one's taken away my chainsaws
ready to rip up some regulation I got a
big truck just in case I need to round
up criminal illegals and take them home
myself yeah I just said that I'm Brian
Kemp if you want a politically incorrect
conservative that's me
no but that's real like that's a real
campaign I'm a little turned on yeah
it's it's comical it's like a cartoon ad
yeah I don't know know if either either
of those ads could go almost unchanged
on Saturday Night Live right and we and
we buy that was a but they are funny and
we are talking about them they're not
you know they aren't they are a little
clever he moved up in the polls to
didn't I'm no doubt they're gonna help
him I'd be sad be amazed if that guy he
did he did because partly because of the
ads but partly because he dumped a
million dollars yes he saved his money
and saved his money and saved his money
and then that's bent and then blew it
all long as it's coming up May 22nd a
surprise so look there is a deeply
problematic part of that ad and it's not
even the bomb okay and the non stop
again violent imagery I mean the only
thing missing is a hostage in that in a
video but the the disturbing part to me
it's like you want to fiddle around with
your chainsaw and cut your you don't leg
off accidentally and have at it Hoss
you're in your own backyard do whatever
you want right the disturbing part is
the end or I'm gonna go round up people
I think are illegals truck yeah what are
you gonna do with a big truck and as
you're gonna see there's another
candidate saying the same thing but on a
bigger scale but now the state of
Georgia is being blanketed with these
ads saying hey if you if you're a tough
guy what you would do is grab people you
don't know that you have no authority to
touch or to rest or to do anything with
but if you suspect them of being
illegals throw them in your truck or
your bus or whatever that is terrible
demagoguery then we're not having fun
anymore
yeah can I can I jump in actually
because he has no authority
to do that even if he gets elected as
the governor he has absolutely no right
to arrest anyone that he suspects as an
undocumented immigrant and then drive
them to the border which is with Michael
Williams another candidate said he was
gonna do with his deportation bus you
can't do that but when people see these
ads it in my opinion encourages them to
do vigilante justice right like what
they say that they would do is
considered kidnapping you can't you
can't kidnap people they don't have the
right to you would say they didn't mean
it literally they would say can't you
take a joke that's really my policies
are gonna be hardcore I'm not actually
physically gonna go out and arrest these
but we're already seeing the
ramifications of this type of messaging
where we have you know lawyers in
Manhattan going into a fast-food
restaurant and saying they're gonna call
ice because he hears two people or a
couple people speaking Spanish you know
people are already threatening
individuals within some sort of law
enforcement because they look foreign so
that's what I'm more concerned about
it's not just about Georgia and even if
they're trying to make a joke I don't
think that everyone gets that it's a
joke yeah and so I wanna say two things
about them well that'll lead into the
Michael Williams ad so one is if you
flip the races all of a sudden nobody
thinks it's funny so if a Muslim guys
running for governor in Georgia which is
awesome but by the way there is one in
Michigan running he's a wonderful
candidate etc now he would never do this
because he's perfectly sane and
reasonable etc but if a Muslim guy
running for governor says you know the
biggest terrorists in America are white
Christian right wing terrorists well
that's true they do 71% of the terrorism
in America okay so what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna put a bag over their head and
throw him in my truck and I'm gonna
drive him to the border okay I'm gonna
rest myself
you pick oh my god we got a rest that
guy that guy's a lunatic he's a god I'm
just kidding do you think that that
everybody be like oh he's just kidding
he's just kidding we're just having fun
back grabbing white Christians and you
know and kidnapping them and throwing
them on our truck or bus which leads us
to Michael Williams and his bus where
he's going to do it on a large scale
apparently there's another
the same exact race watch hi I'm Michael
Williams and boy do we have some
exciting news to you we have our bus
tour ready to go but it's not gonna be
one of those pansy political bus tours
we've got the deportation bus that's
right you heard me the Michael Williams
deportation bus that's gonna fill this
bus with illegals to send them back to
where they came from we're not just
gonna track them watch them roam around
our state we're gonna put him on this
bus and send him home so now it's
hilarious and we get and their self
parodies and but it's how you know I
know but at the end of the ad if you
think it keeps going and going and going
you see the back of the bus where he
says the immigrants are criminals
rapists you've heard that somewhere
before
and and then throws in gratuitously
child molesters and misspells it and
spent all that money on that yes of
course he do okay not the brightest
bulbs right so but but what does that do
now that part though I mean as we laugh
at the earlier part etc he's driving
around the bus although it broke down by
the side of the road the other day
literally and he's driving around the
bus and sending all these ads and so
those other guys saying hey if you see
anyone you think's an illegal wrap him
up put him in your vehicle and their
child molesters rapists criminals etc
that demagoguery is incredibly dangerous
and not funny he's just trying to out
Trump he was a campaign surrogate for
why what Trump said yesterday about
whether he meant ms-13
or Latinos in general when he called
them criminals animals are worse it
doesn't matter what he was doing because
we it has been part of a systematic
attempt to other eyes them and that's
what that's what these guys are doing
here which is just hey we know you're
already a little bit afraid whenever you
see a brown person walking on the
streets here in Georgia to his audience
not everybody in Georgia of course but
to his audience and I'm the guy to solve
that I hear your fear your fear is real
they're dangerous your kids are in
trouble around them
and that is just an awful thing we've
come to in America whether the ad is a
little funny or not the first ones camps
ads were a little more clever than that
sort of because he's also camp at a
pickup truck like you can't throw people
in a pickup they'll just get off your
pickup truck my friend right right this
is a you know this these guys got what
appears to be you know I mean like in
the fugitive that's the bus carrying the
prisoners saying that I can offer us in
West Virginia John Blankenship right the
guy who said China people lost big time
yeah you had to have been indicted and
the biggest mine safety accident he was
also trying to out yeah you're right in
Alabama right yeah we'll see so these
guys are Trump here than Trump in
Blankenship's words and the elections
coming up so but on the other hand who
are you gonna vote for
I mean other than the leader who they
say is a moderate Republican but in
Georgia there ain't any moderate
Republicans just non insane Republican
the other choices are all insane Georgia
there are same yeah I'm saying that what
the leader is a non insane Republican
that doesn't make him a moderate to easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
