a majority of House Democrats have
already signed up for a socialist health
care plan that would obliterate Medicare
and eliminate Medicare Advantage for 20
million seniors Trump repeated this lie
and many others in an op-ed in USA Today
yesterday that will probably get shared
on your uncle's boomer email a chain of
puppy photos right next to how the Jews
are using mind control to force
diversity on Americans first off it's
really just stupid to claim the Medicare
for all will eliminate Medicare like
it's right there in the name dude if the
boss brings and doughnuts for everyone
in the office and you're already eating
a doughnut your doughnut doesn't
magically get taken away stupid go off I
guess Republicans want to protect
Medicare we're protecting it for our
great seniors yes the party that wanted
to repeal Obamacare without a
replacement that eliminated the
individual mandate simply to explode the
ACA marketplaces is the one who's
actually protecting Medicare Trump is
also proposed 350 billion dollars in
Medicare cuts in his budget and the
House GOP budget had five hundred and
forty billion dollars in cuts to
Medicare so yeah I don't I don't know if
they're trying to protect it also if we
get to a point where paying for Medicare
is it possible anymore that'll be due to
the massive tax cuts trumpet the
Republicans just gave to the wealthy and
the corporations I'm gonna reason with
you at this point if you're still
arguing as Medicare for all you have to
believe that expanding profits of health
insurance companies and Wall Street
bankers is way more important than
allowing your fellow Americans to pursue
a life of freedom fulfillment and
dignity you don't want them living free
of the crippling fear that if they leave
their jobs they might actually die or
take an insane amount of debt opposing
Medicare for all means that you're fine
with medical debt causing half of the
personal bankruptcies in this country it
means that when you hear that the
average cancer treatment has a price tag
four times the median annual household
income you go yep that's okay with me
you believe that something every single
other developed country in the world
manages the do in the process achieving
better health care outcomes at far lower
cost is something simply unattainable
here in the United States
I guess American exceptionalism means
everyone except America and how will we
pay for this our
it is absolute nonsense to single-payer
opponents never asked about the cost
when it comes to military parades
already comes to multitrillion-dollar
wars there comes to the space force or
massive tax cuts for the corporations of
the wealthy they only ask about it when
it comes to healing our fellow Americans
I wonder why and speaking of cost even
the Koch brothers accidentally revealed
that Medicare for all not only saves
lives but also money they were trying to
find this astronomical number to scare
you and accidentally found that Medicare
for all saves two trillion dollars over
a decade while everyone and by everyone
I mean the corporate media and other
elites who already enjoy platinum health
care plans complains about higher taxes
the wealthier Americans might have to
pay they conveniently ignore the fact
that no one will have to pay premiums
deductibles copays and small businesses
won't have to cover insurance you also
won't have to fight with your insurance
company just to see a doctor
imagine that reality for a second in the
u.s. we currently spend more than every
other nation per capita on health care
around $10,000 and Canada spends $4,000
France spends $5,000 and even though we
spend twice as much we get way worse
outcomes our life expectancy is two
years lower than in Germany our infant
mortality rate is 71% higher than any
other comparable nations average it's
time for Americans that catch up to the
rest of the world Medicare for all is
something that the overwhelming majority
of Americans want 80 percent approval
rating okay
52 percent of Republicans want this and
yet you only hear opposition from Trump
Republican chills the wealthy lobbyists
and corporations
I wonder why isn't it time we make our
government work for us and not just for
them I'm ass on piker if you want
Medicare for all please share this video
with your friends and also leave your
thoughts in the comments section below
for a longer conversation join me at my
twitch at twitch.tv slash hassan obby
i'm live every day at 4 p.m. and to help
fund our operation here at the young
turks please go to t y-t-dot-com slash
join to join t YT membership and this
has been the breakdown want to see more
videos like this well then subscribe to
the T YT channel below also don't forget
to become a t YT member you can get
access for as little as $4.99 a month
also download the t YT plus app on your
phone or head over to T y-t-dot-com
slash join today
