got a really exciting guess Karen
Mallard who is running in the Democratic
primary to represent Virginia's second
congressional district now we're gonna
talk to her some about the anatomy of a
race she entered the race months ago she
was not supported by the DNC instead the
DNC has selected its own centrist
candidate we're gonna be talking to her
more about that now Karen is a gun owner
but she greatly dislikes the NRA and
includes substantial gun reform in her
platform so we're gonna talk to her
about that as well and here's a video to
start off where Karen decided to cut her
family's ar-15 in half roll that if you
would please I'm Karen Mallard I grew up
in Wise County surrounded by guns our
family had guns my whole life we used
them for hunting for protection and
recreation a while back my husband
bought this ar-15 I wasn't happy about
it and after last week I told him I
wanted this gun out of my house and he
agreed with me and then we saw Emma
Gonzalez's speech and we realized we
didn't want this gun in anybody else's
house either so today we're going to
destroy it
this teacher and mother is joining moms
demand action I'm marching with the
students marching for their lives and to
those students in Florida and across our
country keep standing up and speaking
truth to power these gun owners heard
you and we're gonna stand by you Taran
Mallard that was uh that was pretty
righteous I personally would be way too
scared to do something like that
I think I could do that too like a can
of draught beer or something like that
but but an ar-15 I think I'd be way too
freaked out to do that what about you
see it was very very impressive I'm not
a very handy guys I can't operate the
saw that she had I don't know what it's
called a circular saw is what that is
definitely can't handle ar-15 so I like
her passion I like what she stands for
and it's exactly what we need
there's one thing for whiny liberals
like me living on the coast to say no
more guns but but for people like Karen
who comes from a family of guns and gun
owners and who understand guns and who
use guns for them to take charge of this
issue and provide leadership is
outstanding so thanks Karen absolutely
and she she joins us now Karen yeah
Karen thank you guys for having me on
today thanks for joining us so so you
decided to wreck that ar-15 which you
know if we ever do have a buyback
program you're gonna miss out on some
cash so that was very noble of you
in many ways so so let's unpack that
issue first before we really get into
the anatomy of your campaign why are you
a gun the owner who dislikes the NRA
well I've never liked the NRA because
they are for the gun manufacturers
they're not for gun owners that's their
sole purpose yes and they're everything
that they do inhibits common sense gun
reform and so that's all not for them so
what is from your perspective then
common sense gun reform well what is
some
are some you know things that you would
like to see well we need universal
background checks we need for the CDC to
study gun violence and how it escalated
here no country we should ban those bump
stocks here in Virginia we tried to do
it and couldn't even get it out of
committee and so we need to also be in
the high-capacity magazines
military-style assault weapons we need
to expand the National instant criminal
background system and there are a couple
of pieces of legislation that have been
that I support that can't even get out
of committee
so hopefully once I'm a congresswoman we
can get that done okay
yeah I mean it's one of those issues
where when you really have the
conversation it seems like there's so
many just common-sense things we could
be doing but you know an interest group
like the NRA pretty much prohibits that
conversation so let's go to your
campaign you've been in in the race for
months and now there is a a more
centrist candidate that the DNC
appointed against you so tell us about
that well I actually announced August
the 20th right oh I was going to run and
before that in July I went out to visit
with Emily's list and try to go see the
d-triple-c and when I got there that
Emily's letter said that the d-triple-c
had already hand-picked their candidate
and they didn't want to meet with me
even before that they picked someone
else and then both of those men one of
them never even ran the state senator
and then the other man dropped out so
after it was November when we had the
blue wave here in Virginia and I got a
phone call from the woman that's running
against me in the primary and she told
me that the d-triple-c had recruited her
to run and when I went up there in July
the one question they asked me was can
you raise a hundred thousand dollars in
a week you know in your rolodex or
whatever and I'm like no because
everybody I know is teachers you know
welders mechanics and
we I don't know any wealthy millionaires
that can write me $5,400 checks so that
was how it all began I was even told
before I announced on August 20th I had
a text message from someone higher up in
the party that said they didn't even
want the primary and didn't want me to
announce and did not want me to run and
I said well you can't stop me every
citizen has a right to run and so I'm
running why do you think so your
experience with the d-triple-c their
their first question was not what policy
positions do you stand for
how will you appeal to voters how will
you instill people to come to your cause
their question was how much money can
you raise that was the only question
that I was asked the only question
yeah and I taught here and lived in
Virginia Beach for thirty years so I was
a PTA president that very involved in my
community I coached basketball with on
the living board and I'm very well-known
because of my work with the Virginia
Education Association I'm well known
throughout the district with other
educators and like Virginia Beach school
system is the third largest employer in
the state so I have a lot of name ID
here they didn't care about anything
else except can you get us under
thousand dollars off the back can you
raise that
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
