so this one is amazing because it was
during a protest in 2017 apparently the
protest was held by the Orthodox Jewish
community in New York I believe they
were protesting because they're in favor
of Palestinian rights which of course is
an incredibly controversial issue by
itself but once you consider the fact
that Orthodox Jewish people are
protesting in order to support them
you're gonna have some people come and
possibly harass them which is exactly
what happened here
the lawyer shows up with my lowly
innopolis just simply to harass these
protesting Orthodox Jewish people take a
look
okay there's two things that I love
about that alright so number one this
guy go goes to a protest led by Orthodox
shoes with Milo who has a deep history
of anti-semitism okay so Milo worked
with neo-nazis great report out of
BuzzFeed about it work with neo-nazis to
publish an alt right you know treatise
on Breitbart it was so bad so damaging
that Robert Mercer that had to pretend
that he's not part of Breitbart anymore
handed off to his daughter right Milo
and as much as I can't stand ben shapiro
it makes he makes me defend ben shapiro
because he does such wildly anti-semitic
things against ben shapiro and this guy
claiming to be the real Jew
shows up to jewish protests and he's
like some weird like Forrest Gump slash
Waldo of confrontation that takes place
in New York he creates the
confrontations confrontations he finds
situations where there could be one and
and it participates in it I mean it's
kind of incredible how much this guy
wants to fight with people yes you are
not a Jew fake Jews over and over again
because you have to agree with her music
I'm a newsreel twice congratulations
anyway and you're not gonna believe this
but we have a picture of him I mean we
got the picture of him at the protest
but we also have pictures of him in two
other places okay so there he is doing
his Waldo you are not a Jew right okay
so it turns out he was also at a
gathering of Native Americans and
yelling at them you are not an American
by the way there is some chance he has
done something I would not be and then
we found him at Mount Rushmore you're
not a president we also found him at an
art gallery screaming this is not a pipe
we're not done yet he caught up with
childish gambino this is not America
again probably did
then you are not hungry okay and then he
caught up with Dwayne Johnson you're not
a rock and then finally he did get this
one right
this is not real hair yep yeah now that
one is true too easy wasteful Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
