all right well then the young church
chinkyu or John I'd roll with you guys
action-packed day as usual we're gonna
criticize several different governments
today the US government the Saudi
government the Israeli government but
all on unrelated matters normally that's
an alliance that works together in the
Middle East to cause chaos but in this
case they're causing chaos in their own
ways in different areas and then this is
the story you don't want to miss today
the Republicans new talking point for
the election is the Liberals have a mob
the scary mob coming to get you be
really scared okay and how cable news
unfortunately is helping them out with
that my constant frustration of course
with the Democrats and relationship to
that anyways that's a little bit later
in the program but look I think this
service that we try to provide for you
guys is breaking things down you can see
on cable news what's happening what we
show you is what's happening behind the
scenes what's the strategy behind it
who's executing it for what purpose and
of course breaking down allies to trump
attack medicare-for-all today we will
also bring that one down okay
so obviously as I always tell you guys
and we'll check in on the thermometer a
little bit we are supposed to be in the
middle of a yeah we're supposed to be
the middle of a membership drive
why wait well because I didn't tell them
and I'm ready but of course if you want
to get any of our 18 different shows on
The Young Turks Network and that is not
hyperbole there's literally 80 shows
including John's show damage report
especially John's especially and and
doing great as a podcast too by the way
so look recently become a member get all
our shows like a progressive Netflix TYT
calm sighs joined that's what's
happening
yeah mm-hmm go tell your friends and
family and neighbors and Randy Gonzalez
okay if I correct one thing you said
it's not like progressive Netflix it's
better than Netflix because Netflix
keeps asking you if you're still
watching we just assume you are yeah we
keep pausing yeah and they have stranger
things we have stranger times that's
true that is true they might take issue
with that one actually but anyway why
don't we jump in the news
let's do big story the morning extra the
week I should say last week Saudi
Arabian journalists and Washington Post
columnist Jamal khashoggi vanished and
ever since people have been trying to
figure out exactly what happened it's
starting to look like we know but I want
to give you all the details so first the
59 year old veteran journalist was last
seen on Tuesday October 2nd walking into
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul he was
there to obtain a document verifying his
divorce from a previous marriage so that
he could marry a Turkish woman now what
you should know about him before he
proceeded with what happened that day is
that he is both journalist columnist for
The Washington Post and also a man who
has been critical of the current regime
in Saudi Arabia's specifically attacking
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
we have a few quotes to that effect and
in terms of their censorship and you
know crackdowns on journalists and
locking people's up and things like that
he had previously said I have left my
home my family and my job and I'm
raising my voice to do otherwise would
betray those who languish in prison
I can speak when so many cannot I want
you to know that Saudi Arabia has not
always been as it is now we Saudis
deserve better
he had also expressed concern about
being targeted by the Saudi government
for his views telling journalists Robin
Wright in August that the country's new
leadership would like to quote see me
out of the picture with that now out
there let's talk about what else is
known about what happened about a week
ago on Wednesday this earlier today
Turkish security officials concluded
that quote the highest levels of the
royal court in Saudi Arabia ordered the
assassination of khashoggi officials
have said that a 15-person team flew
from Saudi Arabia to Istanbul on the day
that he arrived at the consulate some
arrived on to private planes and CNN
apparently has some aviation data to
back that up and what's interesting is
that they're not only just saying there
is a 15-person team they are identifying
particular individuals on that team some
of which
we have details on one is the chief of
forensic evidence at Saudi Arabia's
internal security agency another is an
officer in the Saudi Special Forces who
posted pictures of himself on social
media posing in a living room with a
shiny stainless steel handgun two others
appear to be members of the Saudi royal
guard pictured inside a newspaper
photograph next to Crown Prince Prince
Mohammed bin Salman but how do you know
they're connected to pictures and so
what the picture that seems to be
arising out of this is that he shows up
at the consulate that is the last that
he has seen it is believed that he was
killed was killed relatively quickly
after appearing there one of the
officials in the Turkish government
quoted by the New York Times described
the operation as quick and complex and
the Khashoggi was killed within two
hours of his arrival the consulate the
agents dismembered his body with a bone
saw they brought for the purpose the
official said it's like Pulp Fiction and
so that is what the Turkish
investigators are saying they're saying
they have specific evidence that backs
us up although they have not made that
public yet in response a Saudi official
said the Kingdom quote categorically
denies any involvement in Jamal's
disappearance they said it out sorry
they said that they were also looking
for him and I'm not kidding that kind of
like Oh Jay is still looking for the
real killer they said his well-being as
a Saudi citizen is our utmost concern we
were focusing on the investigation as a
means to reveal the truth behind his
disappearance our sympathies go out to
the family during this difficult time
yeah
one way you could have shown sympathy to
others the family is PI perhaps not
murdering him okay now look I don't know
how the Turkish officials know the pulp
fiction details and the dismemberment
etc but the video evidence at least on
the surface appears to be very clear he
goes in to the embassy at 1:14 p.m. and
there is never any video of him leaving
from the back or the front or anywhere
else and then the Saudi officials come
in one of them one set of security guys
lands goes to the
the private residence next to the
consulate of the diplomat and then an
hour and 15 minutes later gets back into
the car and onto the plane and leaves
the country they showed up for an hour
and 15 minutes I don't think they came
to get the best kebab in Istanbul now we
do some other evidence as well that sort
of buttresses this on Tuesday The
Guardian reported that the consulates
Turkish staff were told to take a day
off the day Kesho he disappeared it also
reported that Turkish investigators
believe that the security footage from
inside the consulate was removed and
taken back to Saudi Arabia on a private
jet so that's the security footage
inside of the consulate outsides a
different story during a tour of the six
story consulate given to journalists on
Saturday
Saudi Consul General Mohamed Al Attar
told Reuters that while the consulate
was equipped with cameras this is on the
outside they did not record footage of
Khashoggi entering or leaving the
building courts shouldn't break yeah
they also said at one point that sorry
the cameras we have outside don't
actually record footage they just
livestream the footage because that's
how security cameras work they don't
record things that's odd who kind of
defeat the point in it okay so
golly gee we couldn't find the tape of
him entering or more importantly leaving
so gee I wonder who did it I can't quite
tell now important context so the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman is a guy who
is a radical he came here on a publicity
tour and since the Saudis give a
tremendous amount of money to defense
contractors in this country to buy arms
to politicians to an end to ln2
lobbyists all over the country etc and
they have friends in the US government
Israeli government etc they were greeted
with open arms first by Donald Trump and
then honestly by most of the media in
America and liberties and yes and and
they came for a big publicity tour he
said well it's okay I'm I'm letting some
women drive now in Saudi Arabia people
why
what a reformer what a great guy nobody
by that point he had already kidnapped a
foreign leader and threatened to kill
him while the foreign leader made the
mistake of visiting Saudi Arabia is
unprecedented and unbelievable and and
that was the leader of Lebanon who
eventually made it back to Lebanon after
doing some sort of hostage video in
Saudi Arabia and then once he got back
to Lebanon and he was safe he's like God
no no I didn't mean any of the things
that I said there you know that with
massive issues right to say the least
when you're kidnapped and and threatened
I mean I'm not sure Kim jong-un would
kidnap a foreign leader and threaten to
kill him unless he made a tape saying
yeah yeah the Saudis are right I mean
the reverse course that's good that's
crazy well they certainly wouldn't Kim
jong-un wouldn't capture him to say that
the Saudis are right but you see my
point
oh he's crazy guy right so so here's a
guy who then by the way give more
context for bin Salman he's a relatively
young guy he's in his 30s as that is
theoretically the leader but as the
crown prince he's been acting as the
leader and his that has given him that
authority and and he rounded up a lot of
the other Saudi royals including
billionaires put him in a fancy hotel
and then threatened to kill them until
they handed over their money I'm sorry
that was an anti-corruption campaign he
was shocked to find out that the other
Saudi royals had been taking money from
the Saudi people of course that's what
he does but apparently he thought it
wasn't enough that he was taking from
the Saudi people he wanted to rob his
fellow Oh
Saudi elites and threaten them like you
better watch yourself
and that was his way of accruing power
and next time you know it won't be just
that we imprison you in a hotel and and
it could get worse and by the way the
guy's absolutely brazen as you can tell
here as well
in the middle of robbing the other Saudi
princes and Royals he bought a 500
million dollar yacht he's like Oh
you see how corrupt they are I had to
imprison them and and do an
anti-corruption campaign well I spent a
half a billion nose well to be fair he
got that money mowing lawns in the in
the summers and a car wash and the
wholly-owned oh right he got it from the
Saudi people right I forgot okay it's
difficult to even imagine how a yacht
could cost that much it turns out though
it was a hand-me-down it used to belong
to Betsy DeVos yeah I don't know I don't
know what that it must be nice
I assume yeah so look these are changing
times so when the US president doesn't
much care for our democracy and says
that the FBI is the problem in this
country and the law on force maybe you
should be illegal to cooperate with law
enforcement that's a suggestion Donald
Trump made when Russian leader seems to
assassinate people not only in his own
country but in other countries I mean we
talk about what he's done in the UK
several times but there were several
very questionable killings here in
America of Russians and and I don't know
why the US government has not made a
bigger deal out of that very
questionable deaths here so if Putin is
doing it Trump is calling the press the
enemy of the people
Duterte doing the same this is this is
old-school stuff this is 1930s 1940s
tough yeah so emboldened by that
environment
here comes Mohammed bin Salman and
friends with the most powerful people on
earth the Americans and the Israelis he
goes what can't I do
yeah I kidnapped a foreign leader and
totally got away with it by the way I
mean the list goes on he tried to start
ferment at bigger civil war in Lebanon
which would have been a disaster
internal civil discourse and fighting
and and murder within the Palestinians I
mean the guy is it's a it's a it's a
horror show right so would he do this
well in other times you'd say no way a
foreign government is going to take a
Washington Post columnist that lives in
the u.s. invite them to the Turkish
consul andis dismembered him that's
unthinkable but in today's world
unfortunately very thinkable and it
appears to to fit the fact pattern yeah
well why don't we turn to a little bit
more evidence not directly from Istanbul
but in terms of the reaction so far so
Jamal come shogi obviously has been
missing he is presumed to have been
killed that is what the Turkish
government is saying the the evidence
sub-points to and so now let's talk
about how various groups have reacted to
it so we've said that the Saudi
government obviously denies it you you
can believe that if you if you wish
they're certainly allowed to say that I
would say that the statements they've
put out they seem similar the statements
that the Russian government put out
after the the script ball killings which
turned out to be ridiculous it turned
out that in the end they weren't
tourists that did the poisoning they
were actually intelligence officers I
were supposed to pretend that that's not
the case so they're saying that they
didn't do it and then you have other
reactions so inside of the US government
Lindsey Graham said Wednesday that quote
there would be hell to pay if he had
been killed by the Saudi government and
specifically said I've never been more
disturbed than I am right now even more
so than during the Cavanaugh hearings if
this man was murdered in the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul that would cross
every line of normality in the
international community and it is not
the role of the Saudi government to
cross lines of normality in the
international community it is Trump's
role he's supposed to be doing that
so look he is saying there will be hell
to pay of course he's not in charge
Donald Trump is in charge so how does
Donald Trump respond to this we've got a
couple of Clips here is the first I am
concerned about it I don't like hearing
about it
and hopefully that will sort itself out
right now nobody knows anything about it
but there's a pretty bad
stories going around I do not like it so
he says I hope it sorts itself out and
says nobody knows anything about it we
didn't have as many details when he said
that as we do now but people knew some
things about it at that time so it
seemed almost like a trump trial balloon
to see can I just completely ignore this
and will that be acceptable now he was
there's fall questions later on as we
get more information and all that so
here is another reporter talking to him
well unless he can speak for himself but
this is a bad situation we cannot let
this happen
to reporters to anybody we can't let
this happen
and we're gonna get to the bottom of it
okay rather not say but a Tory I love
the highest level let's say let me say
this it's the highest level
yeah you mentioned they touch more than
and more than once well I do anyway and
I've always found him to be a fine man
we've had a very good relationship I'm
not happy about this we have to see what
what happens you know we have to see
what happens nobody knows what happened
yet they don't know over there
yeah the Saudis just they don't know and
you know he's fine man so if they don't
know I mean how could we ever know there
were a lot of issues with what he said
there first of all Lindsey Graham says
there will be hell to pay he says he can
speak for himself so I don't want to
sign on to the idea that there'll be
hell to pay our consequences or anything
like that this shouldn't happen to
reporters it shouldn't happen to anyone
you could just say it shouldn't happen
anyone you know off to weirdly like put
reporters in a different category as if
you're even including reporters how
merciful of you to do that and he keeps
saying we have to find out we have to
find out you know whatever I've talked
to him
he's a good man why are you stressing
that he's that he's a good man like he's
he's obviously the lead suspect in this
the Turkish government is saying that
they have evidence it was it was passed
down from the highest levels of the
Saudi government but we understand why
he doesn't want to do anything about it
he did you honestly believe that he
cares about the killing of any reporter
let alone this reporter in particular
and that he'd be willing to jeopardize
his relationship with the Saudi
government we're giving we're selling
them more than a hundred billion dollars
of weapons what are we going to cancel
that because they start murdering
journalists around the world that's not
the case yeah so hey China I don't why
your word because our Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo said that he has asked the
Saudis to look into this oh well okay
then I guess problem solved yeah hey can
you guys look into whether you guys
dismembered a journalist who had spoken
ill of your leader and don't worry about
your leader and and the fact that he
might dismember people who are critical
of him just look at do it anyway well
it's less likely to be a very fair
investigation sort of related to that I
read that Mike Pence is saying that
they're open to the possibility of
sending the FBI to investigate although
to be fair the investigation is probably
going to be limited in scope and time
yeah and they're not going to interview
any of the people involved yes
a lot of people who asked to be
interviewed but they just won't do it
yeah.he pence went on to say in in
ulcerous is a direct quote will continue
to express the genuine concern of the
American people for this Saudi Arabian
journalist notice two important
political words in there like genuine
concern of the American people why would
it be anything other than genuine it's
like saying like that's the kind of
thing you say when you're not genuine
hey like we are genuinely concerned but
much more importantly for this Saudi
Arabian journalists yeah in other words
he's not really American I mean he lived
in America he wrote for the Washington
Post but he was just a resident of the
u.s. not a national of the US
he's a Saudi Arabian journalist you want
us to do so you want us to jeopardize
defense contracts that's a real money
that goes into our pockets eventually
through campaign donations just because
they dismembered a guy who worked for
the Yser their bows technically he works
for the failing Washington Post yeah to
be clear also by the way this is
reporting I think the New York Times it
could be the Guardian I apologize so
feel free to look that up but US
officials are said to have intercepted
communications between Saudi officials
about kidnapping
Jamal kosaki now that's actually the
worst part of it because that means we
knew that it could happen and we didn't
warn him and that is disastrous I mean
it's one thing to do a cover-up which is
hideous
after the fact and I know moneyed
interests are gonna want to you know
whether it's the contractors or oil
companies etc they're gonna want to keep
business flowing but to know ahead of
time that they might kill the guy and
not tell him Wow oh that's terrible yeah
so I I'd ask the FBI to investigate that
so and that is under our control
unfortunately of course they're in the
US government as well as the Saudi
government is not going to honestly
investigate itself look if you're
wondering what why go to all these
lengths and if you're the Saudi
government to kill this guy because it's
taking a risk I mean this kid Mohammed
bin Salman is a huge risk taker
kidnapping foreign leaders trying to
start Wars etc but and actually starting
a terrible one and you
but this seems pretty extreme well i
khashoggi was to there's two huge
strikes against them one is he was an
insider in the Saudi royal court earlier
and he turned on them who they don't
like that okay so they don't like that
for a couple reasons one a you betrayed
us right
and number two he might have more
information about what they've done okay
so he's got to go and and and then
secondarily he was a particularly fierce
critic of Crown Prince Mohammed okay so
and that's maybe a personal betrayal
that Mohammed bin Salman feels and so
here's the guy who does not have much
boundaries obviously trying to starve
and kill a lot of the citizens in Yemen
as we speak and by the way the US
government is helping him to do that we
provide refueling for their planes so
they can do more bombings we provide
intelligence such as it is they recently
bombed a school bus full of children and
and killed all of them
and and so we have a deal here with
these guys and we've had to deal with
the Saudis for a long time even as they
have done outrageous things against us
over and over and over again so the one
that is the one that's talked about a
lot of course is nine eleven fifteen out
of the nineteen hijackers were Saudis
obviously bin Laden was a Saudi and he
was a Saudi royal financed by other
Saudis as well but the one that's not
talked about enough is and whatever it's
inconvenient for the establishment
things get buried is that the Saudis
there was excellent reporting showing
that the Saudis mainly funded the Sunni
insurgency against us in Iraq that
killed hundreds maybe thousands of our
troops but hey they've got cheap oil so
and they buy planes and weapons from us
and they provide us oil so they murder
our soldiers in Iraq and they pay for
that murder what's the big deal right
so now finally I there's you've got a
look at what's happening geopolitically
behind the scenes as well
because there's what you see on the
surface and there's what's underneath so
underneath the Saudis are allies with us
and in Israel okay
the Turks lately have been in a more of
an alliance with Qatar and Qatar has
been feuding with Saudi Arabia and Dubai
so if the Turks were not feuding with
the Saudis would we have such a big
trove of evidence from the Turkish
government about the video showing the
guy going in but not coming out
would they be making as big a deal about
this maybe not okay so that's on one
side now the other thing is I'm
surprised here that the Saudis are
catching this much flack especially here
in America and by Republicans Marco
Rubio Lindsey Graham etc with what
appears to be real anger in this case
I've never seen them be genuine in my
life so I wonder if the Saudi
relationship with Israel has soured in
some way and so if if that happens
sometimes people are told
yeah it's greenlight you could now
finally call the Saudis anything you
like okay or if the Saudi stopped paying
their bills the lobbyists okay here in
America or none of those things happen
this was truly outrageous but a week
from now the lobbyists will call the
Senators and then differently you know
Netanyahu and his right-wing government
will call the senators and go no no
we're done with this investigation let's
move on well Trump said Lindsey Graham
can speak for himself
yeah you don't want to sign on to it so
there's a number of different factors
there's no one simple explanation but
but there are the Saudis have a lot of
friends here in America through
questionable alliances and questionable
money spent here yeah so will those guys
rally to their defense and kind of
basically try to get past this within a
week or so if they don't and the press
keeps talking about it I and the
Republicans keep harping on it
then we might have a break in the
alliance yeah that would be really
interesting yeah but I wonder is will
this newfound concern amongst people
like Marco Rubio and Lindsey Graham be
echoed by look as Fox News get a turn
on Saudi Arabia I mean look yeah under
if this happened under Obama they'd be
attacking Obama's weakness why is why
isn't he checking Saudi Arabia and all
that but Trump like Saudi Arabia and so
they've they've perfectly fallen in line
there
and one other thing complicating at
least a little bit in terms of perhaps
the FBI getting involved or working with
Turkey is that look Turkey's got its own
problems with increasing
authoritarianism their own crackdowns
and repression on a number of different
groups and that doesn't mean that what
they're saying isn't true here but it
does complicate it at least to some
extent yeah and so that's why one of the
things we try to do for you guys here on
the program is to give you context and
and it's not a black-and-white world and
you have to not only look at what's
happening in the news but what might be
happening behind the scenes what what's
the motivation of the Turkish government
the US government Saudi government etc
and so there's a complicated story in
that sense it's simple in that it seems
that there is overwhelming evidence that
they killed US journalists and and
whether that's ever proven goes to court
or has any consequences is what we don't
know yet yeah first break yep so let's
do that and then as I promised you we
will have a little bit of anger about
the Republican trick on calling all
liberals mobs and also Donald Trump
attacking Medicare for all with I mean
if they weren't so serious hilarious
lies written in print this time all
right we'll be right back we hope you're
enjoying this free clip from The Young
Turks if you want to get the whole show
and more exclusive content while
supporting independent media become a
member at TYT DICOM slash join today
in the meantime enjoy this free second
all right back on Turks let's do commas
first kinkajou in in our member section
says thanks guys I've been screaming for
days this outrage would not have taken
place without permission from the United
States government I I don't know what
that permission was explicit but if they
knew and they didn't stop it was
certainly fair to imply that it was
implicit
dr. chaos MD with an excellent point
also in the members section the great
women's activist Mohammed bin Salman in
addition to letting women drive an act
that displays his benevolence also
imprisoned a woman activist who protests
it yeah to have the right to drive yeah
he did he immediately imprison them I
don't get don't get anything don't get
the wrong impression here okay and by
the way they they're not allowed to
drive anywhere they want there's huge
caveats to that I'll give you a tiny
tiny bit of freedom but I'll make sure
that I punish the people who brought it
to you okay so that's who bin Salman is
and then too from Twitter the four got
ten arm rights so a NATO ally says the
Saudis did it the easiest and fastest
thing we could do as a country is
stopping the support to their Yemen
campaign interesting though that this
happened with a month of certifying that
they're not actively killing civilians
that's right that was another hilarious
joke where Mike Pompeo said we have
asked the Saudis to certify that they
are not killing civilians and they have
certified it you know
oh well then problem solved oh I was
really worried I mean we've done all
this reporting which I guess turns out
to be fake news on civilian deaths in
Yemen yeah yeah by the way I don't know
if you saw it was just a couple of weeks
ago Russia was talking about their there
their bombing campaign and Syria
obviously and they said that they have
looked into it and they literally said
they'd have killed eighty four thousand
terrorists and zero civilians oh I think
those numbers might be off a little bit
it sounds like you do a little bit of
Russia's scare there
Lord Saudi Arabia their aim is amazing
they killed 84th they found a lot of
terrorists they found and killed eighty
four thousand terrorists yeah
oh and zero civilian well that sounds
like the US strategy in Vietnam where
it's like if you kill someone let's be
calm yeah by definition they were
terrorists yeah so but this is the same
country that has Vladimir Putin I mean
we talk about Kim jong-un and we make
fun of him all the time
but Putin went out there and played
hockey with the best hockey players in
Russia and he scored five goals and we
showed you maybe we showed you the tape
it was one of the funniest things I've
ever seen he's really good yeah it's
like an old man going around slowly
around the rink and then shooting and
never gets out of the way and he scores
and they really pretend they're not
joking they really pretend like Putin
scored all those goals and he's a
champion and this is maniacal stuff it's
like Trump wanted to play like a couple
plays like against a football team like
an NFL team yeah he's like running
through the line and they're like Oh
bull again this way yeah and Richard
Sherman get out of his way
yeah Donald give it a shot see how
through exam I don't necessarily know
who those people are but I get where
you're going with it yes Eric reads well
guys who first took anique yes he wasn't
a quarterback it's okay I mean he was
punished like he's one of the best
corners defensive backs in the league
and so they no team signed him this year
for four weeks and then they were like
okay come on and nobody knows him it's
okay Nike did a new campaign around it
yeah okay anyway last one here
Tom Zaraki writes it on Twitter they say
drugs make you do strange things
I say oil makes you do strangest things
and people won't even call you on it
afterwards
yes oil is made us do very strange
things the government on oil indeed
indeed so let's check the thermometer I
got an update let's see where we are 230
you know it would be better it's 33,000
oh wait he said it he said it you better
okay so guys we got a long day today so
TYT calm sighs Jonah become a member go
grab a family member friend or somebody
and make him a member force it on them
okay what we're gonna hopefully started
gifting soon but so because getting the
33,000 would be fantastic and and later
in today's program old school so you're
gonna love that and in a couple just
Democrats including car Eastman one of
the biggest upsets of the whole cycle
not being talked about enough she was
the original Alexandria Casa Cortez yeah
and she's gonna be on rebel headquarters
tonight yet all the anchor shows by
becoming a member okay
John all six awesome okay oh by the way
another little preview I believe
tomorrow actually
we have row kana is gonna be joining us
again on the damage report this time to
break down his net neutrality loss so
should be awesome tune in then yeah and
members got to see the Kevin de Lyonne
interview live yesterday and he talked a
lot about the courage of row kana and
and he's running yes Diane Feinstein in
in this Senate race in California
they're both Democrats that's a lot in
California yes alright what's next okay
let's talk about your favorite story of
the year maybe I guess in terms of
making you men the Republican Party has
a new campaign theme and a new strategy
to help them and I'll make sure this
midterm isn't so bad they are deploying
an oldy fear did you know that left-wing
protesters are coming for you and your
family and are going to literally kill
you that's it has disseminated from
Donald Trump and like the the inner
circle that was pushing for Cavanaugh to
literally everyone in right-wing media
right-wing politicians Mitch McConnell
saying I'm really proud of my members
for not knuckling under to those kinds
of mob like tactics under Cavanaugh and
secondly we were literally under assault
he says in fact check they were not
literally under assault somebody yelled
at them maybe that maybe that too an
incredibly privileged person who has not
like participated
an actual member of America for
literally decades it seems like literal
assault
it is not actually literal assault but
it goes beyond just Mitch McConnell here
is a mashup of some of the examples of
this tactic we refuse to be intimidated
by the mob of people no to mob rule
unthinkable you don't hand matches to an
arsonist and you don't give power to an
angry left-wing mob and that's what they
become but this is the first
confirmation hearing for a Supreme Court
justice I've seen basically according to
mob rule what we have learned is the
resistance that has existed since the
day after the November 16 2016 election
is centered right here on Capitol Hill
they have encouraged mob rule the
tactics that have been employed both by
Judiciary Committee Democratic senators
and by the you know the virtual mob
that's assaulted all of us in the course
of this process has turned our base on
fire my members dealing with we've got
under assault Laura they're our homes
have been
yours was today and this meant yeah but
not just me everybody I mean they've
they've been after all of us we've sort
of been under assault and everybody
decided to stand up to the mob we were
literally under assault these
demonstrators are sure some of them were
well-meaning citizens but many of them
were obviously trained to get in our
faces to go to our homes up there
basically almost attack us in the halls
of the Capitol and remember this is how
they're responding to getting this
accused sexual assault our honor the
Supreme Court for three or four decades
so that's not enough they get the
Supreme Court justice they also want you
to be very calm about the entire thing
so as I said this has become common not
just amongst politicians it is also all
throughout right-wing pundit Rhee
according to cable news transcription
database TV eyes since the Labor Day
weekend the term mob rule was said 89
times on Fox News which was more than
double than that was was uttered on
either CNN or MSNBC and the terms
violent or violence Fox News feature
those words 60% more than its
competitors and we've examples of that
as well so 89 times in a short period of
time on Fox News but also as we've been
talking about today quite a few times on
MSNBC and CNN as well yes so that was
those numbers came in before the last 24
hours and if you turned on cable news in
the last 24 hours
all you're hearing is mob mob mob mob
mob so they might have doubled it in the
last 24 hours
so but to me yes Jon the more disturbing
number is CNN and MSNBC then picking up
the baton and and some folks on MSNBC
might disagree or CNN might disagree
that it's mob violence but whatever the
Republicans start a talking point it
gets on fire and the whole country talks
about it and they know how to drive that
propaganda perfectly Democrats I mean
you you couldn't start a talking point
if your life depended on it right
so once the Republicans have started
this conversation it's one that in a
sense they can't lose so the question is
how violent is the left like it's one of
those
like when did you stop beating your wife
it's a question you can't answer in a
way that that is a positive right and so
net and and they do it on purpose and
what would the reason we showed you that
tape be a really great job by Washington
Post putting out together is because it
gives you a sense of it is orchestrated
it's not like they had a genuine opinion
like oh my god I'm really concerned I'm
gonna go out there and give a speech
because that seemed like a mob or
anything no they got together in a
caucus they decided that we're gonna use
the word mob to gin up fear in their
base because their base look here's the
thing that I'll say that almost no one
else in the media will say because
they're so were they going to lose
ratings if you insult Republicans but
their base are cowards so it's super
easy to scare them oh my god the Latinos
are coming they're coming across the
border oh my god the Muslims are coming
they passed anti Sharia laws in Oklahoma
really the Muslims are taking over
Oklahoma that's what's happening okay
dragons yeah well I mean look dragons
like those are scarier yeah I mean
honestly so I
it's nearly equal in its absurdity wait
but hold on Jenks so look yes Mitch
McConnell is saying that the Senators
are being mobbed but they wouldn't
actually go on Fox News that implied it
regular conservative voters are gonna be
attacked right cue the tape tax
firsthand and they're ugly
aren't they Tommy
they're ugly and they're getting worse
and I just have to say for the record
I've been Docs filed I've had things
sent to my home both in Texas and now in
California
I've had people confront me in public so
this is not just something that our
Senators representatives are going
through it's really anyone who sits
right of center anyone who's a trump
supporter we're all targets of this and
it extends beyond those at the whole
public office so yeah the average
citizen if you're on the right should be
concerned and in danger should be
concerned and in danger I I sort of get
what she's trying to say there yeah so
all of them should be scared because
people wearing pussy hats are coming for
you yeah
from the resistance as Chuck Grassley
would say they come to your house and
make you bake a cake for them that's
what they're gonna do be really afraid
really afraid can I say one thing about
this tactic I know you're gonna go back
through the through the history of it
but there is an amazing thing as while
many Republican elected officials are
generally the dimmer politicians there
is an amazing elasticity and flexibility
in the conservative mind because they
are able to believe mutually
contradictory things in a way that most
lives can't so they're now holding
simultaneously in their brains that
these leftists are so angry that they're
going to come and they're gonna tear you
apart they were a violent mob also there
are a bunch of soy boys who won't stick
up for themselves hate guns don't get
weapons don't respect the military all
of that so there's simultaneously too
weak and not masculine and the most
dangerous force in the universe that's
such a great point John and they need a
safe space wait a minute what you're
sensitive yeah it sounded like you need
a safe space that's kind of ironic okay
so now look should you now you have to
do the caveat should you go and actually
threaten them of course not but that's
not what progressives stand for can you
find one person who was on the Left
who's done an act of violence yes that
guy who shot up the softball field right
and shot Steve Scalise are the acts of
violence overwhelmed
on the right yeah absolutely that's a
stone-cold fact not only do they go
after you know public figures but
they've also killed the right extreme
right-wingers have killed cops all
across the country doctor yeah and and
doctors that's right and committed acts
of terrorism and the list goes on and on
so that right wing claiming that the
left is the mob is I mean it's
preposterous beyond a description so now
let's remember the things that they have
done okay in 2010 when the Tea Party was
protesting well those are Patriots okay
they were good people
now I remember a lot of people getting
angry and being in a crowd and and even
spitting on Democratic congressmen right
and but that was a mob that wasn't a mob
threatening them by the way yelling
racial slurs at them right that was and
by the way you know what the Republican
politicians did at this point when they
came to the Capitol the Republicans got
up on the balcony of the Capitol and
egged on the guys yelling racial slurs
so now now they're concerned about a mob
okay now here's the you won't talk about
an orchestrated mob we mentioned this
yesterday kiss Donald Trump hilariously
tweeted that they're all being paid by
Soros but not getting paid none of that
is of course true okay and he's of
course the one who actually paid
supporters to show up in actors to
pretend to be supporters in his first
appearance anyway here's a scene from
miami-dade back in 2000 so this is a
group of people who pretended to be
genuine citizens who were mad that they
were actually counting the vote in
Florida they did not want the vote to be
counted as it turned out later they were
all identified as Republican staffers
they look at him their ties and suits
they got Republican staffers written all
over them
anyway they literally broke into that
building and and banged on the doors and
windows until the people inside were
physically afraid for their safety and
stopped counting the votes so the
Republic
they know a thing or two about mobs and
orchestrating them and one additional
one I mean uh you you're showing that it
goes back a long time but we don't need
to necessarily go back that far Heather
Hare was killed by a Nazi in a mob of
Nazis Trump supporting white genocide
conspiracy theory floatin Nazis how much
concern did Chuck Grassley and and Tommy
Loren have when Nazis were marching up
until they did it this summer by the way
again in Washington DC but they've been
doing it since Trump was elected so you
know you say hey well that's extreme
right-wing okay yeah that's that's the
mafia that's what I'm worried about
right well how about Trump rallies where
he kept saying punch them in the face
and I'll pay your legal bills assault
them and how you're gonna turn around
that Trump is gonna say it needs a safe
space because he's worried about riling
up a crowd to commit physical assault we
have him on tape saying at about 20
times and at last night's rally like we
showed you the clip of him saying that
they're a mob you don't give you don't
give the reins of power to a mob but I'm
not sure if that quote was before or
after he led yet another lock her up
chant not even about Hillary Clinton
anymore they like doing it with Hillary
Clinton but it does have to be Hillary
Clinton it can literally be any woman
this time it was Dianne Feinstein
because they think they leaked the
letter about Christine Blasi Ford so
lock her up lock her up they're chanting
these tens of thousands of crazed people
who want more women to be locked up but
just quick note they want her locked up
because she leaked that letter at the
same time that the Trump administration
is literally arguing in court that
spreading hacked emails is an issue of
free speech so a little bit of
intellectual inconsistency there as well
all right and finally now I want to go
to the two funniest cases of Republicans
complaining there is Dave brat who said
that even in his Democratic opponent in
the race was part of the mob part of a
quote/unquote liberal mob her name is
Abigail Spann burger and you should 100%
support her against the Dave Brandt and
this will give you a good incentive to
do so so they found the tape of when
Bratz
she was part of an illiberal mob they
were all seated no one he did anything
that no one got up
no one did anything at all but she did
ask a question about whether they had
given too many corporate tax cuts
she's asking a question about tax cuts
for the rich they should be owners oh my
god what a mob this is reminds me of the
brandishing a chair thing yeah and so
and the last ones Rand Paul look you
know when use he got a six ribs broken
and I I was concerned I'm like oh that's
terrible man that was like this weird
why had the Republicans making a big
deal out of that that's like the kind of
thing that they'd be like oh my god Larr
posed a tiger Republican so that we do
with the crazed Muslim day Latino
Democratic pub right it turned out it
was in his neighbor and they've got into
an argument over shrubbery literally
it's so awful
no it is I actually think the guy didn't
you know enough of a jail sentence he
only got thirty days he broke together
and Paul's ribs right but it was over
the brush that in between their lawns
and now Rand Paul's all over TV like the
mob the mob they're come for us they're
hiding in the bushes well in your case
it was actually literally about the
bushes yeah okay we gotta go we gotta
take a break come back medicare-for-all
all right
yes Medicare for all
