today saw two Senate releases regarding
different aspects of the investigation
into the 2016 election and what might or
might not have happened there in the
first the republican-led Senate
Intelligence Committee released its
report following months of interviews
now if you recall a couple of months ago
the House released its version of this
and it was a pile of propaganda garbage
so I did not have high expectations for
this one and we're not going to go too
in depth but just sort of the overall
conclusion being presented by Chairman
Richard burr Republican senator who said
we see no reason to dispute the
conclusions there of the intelligence
community there is no doubt that Russia
undertook an unprecedented effort to
interfere with our 2016 elections went
into more detail saying that there were
at least three aspects to the mission
that the the Russian government
undertook one was to damage democracy as
they're doing in many countries because
they don't like it to was to harm
Hillary Clinton who they apparently
believed had become the president and
three was to help get Donald Trump
elected now in this case the Republicans
who put out this report agree with the
intelligence community but disagree with
the House Republican reporter so
interesting a dichotomy there and this
fall was an earlier Senate report again
Republican dominated that said that they
released their initial findings on
Russian cyber attacks against the u.s.
voting infrastructure finding that
Moscow conducted an unprecedented
coordinated cyber campaign against the
nation's digital election system so
we're talking with two different things
here one is a variety of different
methods including social media
dissemination of information things like
that to influence election results the
other is to directly attack in
infrastructure in terms of voting
machines registries databases and things
like that so a couple of things here
number one the fact that they were
trying to help Donald Trump and hurt
Hillary Clinton one is logical Hillary
Clinton was in favor of the sanctions
against Russia and Donald Trump kept
talking about how what footin and Russia
were so even if you were just sitting in
Russia and did not have a dog in the
fight
dude you you'd logically want to help
Trump and and go after Hillary Clinton
it doesn't mean that Trump is guilty
yeah
because Russia couldn't want to help him
Bangladesh could want to help Hillary
Clinton if she did not receive the help
if Trump did not receive the help from
Russia then he didn't do it or wasn't
involved in whatever was done that's
right yeah it could be happening and it
could theoretically break laws but that
doesn't by itself mean the Donald Trump
or anyone else did anything wrong here
that's right so and to me so we'll get
back to whether they actually did
receive the help or try to receive the
help which would be far more problematic
we'll get to that in a second the the
second problem of trying to break into
voter anything registration voter rolls
that to me is nuclear that's that's not
sending out a tweet or a tumblr count or
anything like that no no we got to
protect the voter rolls so we should
have paper ballots we should have those
protected eight ways to Sunday not just
because the Russians but because yes
there are tons of sophisticated hackers
both in this country and throughout the
world and you sure the local yokels
whether they're in Connecticut or
Kentucky have got this figured out
and they have the best computer people
in the world in those all those
different states and they know for
certain they can protect against hackers
yeah
I'm not convinced to that so that's
where we should be spending most of our
energy to make sure we protect the vote
we've got to have a real democracy
whether it's Russia China or corporate
interest or any other nefarious actor on
either side yeah yeah and and just to be
clear while in that previous report they
made clear that at various to varying
degrees and at various times Russia did
break into some component of the
election infrastructure of I believe a
couple dozen states I haven't seen any
allegation that they actually directly
changed any votes or anything like that
that's a that is again a separate thing
yeah well it's certainly incredibly
related we just don't have evidence of
that exactly and by the way they in the
beginning they said a couple states then
they said about
two states I then later read a report
saying no they try to hack him to every
single state but got into twenty-two
okay so 26 right or okay maybe it's up
to 26 all right yeah so Red Alert red
alert I don't mean the old days of red
Lord but this case seriously yeah we've
got to put all of our energy into that
now turning to the Trump campaign did
they in some ways try to receive that
help from the Russians yes so the Senate
Judiciary Committee released I kid you
not 2500 pages of testimony and
documents having to do with the infamous
2016 Trump Tower meeting I will now read
all 2500 pages no I'm not gonna do that
I pity the person who has to read even a
small portion of that but there were
things that came out that were
interesting
it hasn't fundamentally changed my view
of what happened I feel like we already
know what is absolutely terrible about
the setup of that meeting Donald Trump
jr. was told I have information that
represents a part of the Russian
government's attempt to help your father
and he said love it I mean we knew that
earlier you literally said love it a
year ago people pretending that they
weren't trying to get information in
Russian government I mean we're already
done with that but we do have more
information so first of all one of the
claims that has been made is that while
Jared Kushner Paul Manafort Don Trump
jr. were all involved in the meeting
they were there Donald Trump himself
didn't know anything and that is his
firewall against even if it we find out
that all of his closest advisers and in
fact relatives were involved in
something nefarious Donald Trump himself
didn't know nothing now we do have a
phone call records that indicate that
amidst calls with the gentlemen setting
up the meeting Donald Trump jr. was
making calls to a a blocked phone number
a phone number where we don't have the
information for he says he doesn't know
who that was - he doesn't recall if his
father has a phone number that is
blocked which seems odd I feel like if
you talked about the phone you'd notice
once in a while if his phone never
showed up
and so the question is does his father
know anything about what happened and we
do know this is reported a year ago that
Donald
did get personally involved in crafting
the response to the revelation that this
meeting happened if you recall Dundrum
jr. was about to be revealed as having
had this meeting and he decided to
release some of his emails the whole
story came out and then they had a
response and Donald Trump apparently was
on an airplane and was helped him to
craft this response so they asked Trump
jr. to the best of your knowledge did
the president provide any edits to the
statement or other input and jr.
responded he may have commented through
hope pics so again no pics is how
information is routed to and from the
president would not return to that
someday Trump jr. added that he believes
some of his comments given through Hicks
that's his father's comments were
incorporated into a statement a process
in which a handful of people were
involved but again they're saying his
father didn't know when it happened
although I will remind you that inside
of literally a few minutes after the end
of that Trump Tower meeting Donald Trump
senior posted a tweet about Hillary
Clinton's emails and how terrible and
Shady the whole thing is which could
just be a giant coincidence so let's
make a distinction between here between
what we think happened which we're
fairly certain of and what can be proven
yes so Donald Trump jr. says oh does my
dad have a blocked number at his
residence I don't know that you call
your dad all the time how would you not
know that it's blocked number of course
you know it's a blocked number that lie
indicates oh he called his dad hey but
can you prove that no way there's a lot
of block numbers that's not proof right
so you can't get him on that so that's
keeping it real and and then but on the
thing on the issue of did Donald Trump
write that statement for Donald Trump
jr. were they lied about what was in the
meaning yeah well he pretty much admits
it right there he says it was run
through hope X he apparently did have
comment on it do you did you talk to him
about that statement I don't remember
really I mean that statement was
monumentally important at the time they
just gotten caught red-handed about this
meeting with the Russians let alone
today and in that weather you
talk to your dad the president about
that meeting before they put out the
statement you don't remember okay
whatever it doesn't matter because he
pretty much admits that yes dad wrote
the statement that's important because
that's obstruction of justice because
that's Donald Trump writing a false
statement taking part in writing a false
statement so let's break down why it was
a false statement they said I was just
about the adoption and kids and this is
the Republican you will hear this on
cable news this is a Republican defense
up no they just thought it was an
innocent meeting about adoption no no no
the Magnitsky act is us sanctioning the
Russian oligarchs that's really
important because then their assets get
frozen
that's the money Lebowski and those are
the guys that might or might not have
something on Donald Trump so that's not
a minor issue it doesn't anything new
with adopting of children they're like
you've got to lift those sanctions and
that's what this meeting was about and
the rush is countered by saying oh yeah
if you won't live to sanctions we won't
let you adopt Russian children that's
irrelevant that's not what this is
unless you really want a Russian child
okay yeah that's an interesting story
but that that's not why the Russians
care the rush is carried because they
need those assets and they got to have
those sanctions lifted yeah so that's
why when Trump goes in and go no it
wasn't about the sanctions of the
oligarchy and it wasn't because we were
trying to get information about Hillary
Clinton because then we would be
receiving assistance from a foreign
country in our elections it was about no
adopting of children that's what it was
about
now you're covering something up that's
obstruction of justice well let's talk
about they're covering up I mean they
can say we met it was just about
children and that's fine but then we
find out through the emails that he
would he was told we're gonna set up
this meeting so that this person who
represents the Russian government can
give you damaging information about
Hillary Clinton he said cool I love it
and had the meeting and so that is
inconsistent with saying you had the
meeting to talk about Russian children
and the committee asked Donald Trump jr.
about this when asked why his statements
were inconsistent
or push back saying they were all very
consistent with each other which is not
true but we will push on the initial
statement was discussing exactly what
the meeting was about it ended up being
about that it did not talk about what
got them into the door and I didn't
expand on it because I didn't think it
was relevant to discuss what the meeting
was not actually about even if that's
what the email was as more questions
were asked and more information was
requested we release more information
and wet into greater detail so he is
hiding behind I talked about what I am
now saying actually happened at the
meeting not what I agreed to have the
meeting for in the first place
that's pretty dishonest
okay guys break it down this like that's
like saying man I really want to kill my
wife I found a guy who's gonna do it I
met with him then we went there and he
was just really hungry so we just got a
burger so I just met with him for a
burger no you met to get a hitman to
kill your wife what are you talking
about so the emails say hey let's go
meat to get information from the
Russians about Hillary Clinton they go
there when they start talking about
lifting the sanctions on oligarchs both
Donald Trump jr. and Jared Kushner
according to people in the room get
frustrated in fact pushers described is
infuriated because they had come for
receiving information from the rushes
which might or might not have been
stolen from the Democrats about their
opponent right and they're like why
won't you give us the dirty material
that we came here for and you're still
talking about the the sanctions and and
then how you guys won't let us adopt
children because of the sanctions on the
oligarchs that's so frustrating
so we already know that but Donald
Trump's juniors dishonest attempt there
to cover it up says well in the emails I
might have said ahead of the meeting
that yeah I can't wait to get the
information about Hillary Clinton from
the Russians but we went there we just
talked about the kids so what about the
children's children oh come on nobody
believes that right and then finally
know two things one more defense of
Donald Trump some people are saying well
and there's evidence that Donald Trump
was offered a meeting with Putin that's
true there is evidence of that but Trump
did not accept that meeting yeah and you
could say hey you didn't accept it for
this
that reason but he didn't accept it so
you can't put that on him so what did
they offered it and by its even if he'd
had it they could have just talked I
mean that would by itself would not mean
that anything nefarious had happened yes
so these same guys offer a meeting to
Trump Trump's assistant says he's too
busy so no that is not evidence of
Trump's guilt at all and and then
finally we go to Jared Kushner and
Krishnas of meeting what meeting I mean
I was there but I was bored and I didn't
know what it was about that's my
favorite part
so Kushner denied knowing what the
meeting was about the name of the the
line subject line of the email that
Kushner said that he would then attend
this meeting about was quote Russia
Clinton private and confidential I don't
know what the meeting was about I mean
he said rush it and Clinton and that it
was private and confidential I don't
know how I'm supposed to deduce what the
meeting was about maybe thought he
wasn't allowed to talk about it because
it's confidential Kushner knew exactly
what the meeting was about that's why he
took the meeting two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
