Donald Trump's decision to move the US
Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem has
already led as you know to violence to
conflict whatever word they're they're
attempting to use to sanitize what
happened there but dozens have died
thousands have been injured and that is
currently ongoing we're still
experiencing a little bit of that now
actually in the background of that
immediate violence though embassy
officials are apparently worried about
what this change from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem will do for the long-term
chances of peace in that region and
thankfully Ken clippin Stein of T YT
investigates was able to speak to an
embassy official about what they really
think about this changeover and here are
some of the things that they said the
vibe is defeated people feel gloomy the
official was by the way granted
anonymity due to fear of retribution
from the State Department which would
have happened so that was a good call
there
the official told us that since
President Trump announced his decision
to relocate the embassy in a recognized
Jerusalem as Israel's capital some
embassy co-workers have broken down in
tears at what it meant for the prospects
for peace in the region
the officials saw the Jerusalem
announcement as one example of many in
which Trump's inflammatory rhetoric
caused new levels of public relations
problems for the State Department and
this official said having worked under
the Obama and Bush administration's this
one involves more damage control just
exclusively based on the tweets so there
is of course an effort by the Trump
administration to make it seem like
everybody's thrilled that we're moving
the embassy to Jerusalem obviously the
world is not thrilled and then there
were the protests in Gaza and then the
massacre that ensued after that 60
Palestinians killed thousands injured
the UN called it outrageous human rights
violations on the on the part of Israel
and so but our embassy workers and
people who work at the State Department
our diplomats so their job is to try to
bring together bring forward peace and
to have better relationships with the
United States and the rest of the world
so when they see this they're not
allowed to say it publicly but they're
often career diplomats
who work under Republican and Democratic
administrations
Asians yeah and and so of course they're
disheartened not because they don't
think that Israel should ever have its
capital in Jerusalem but because when
you do that ahead of the negotiations
you pretty much doomed the negotiations
and so look it's not the only issue by a
long shot but it is a very important
issue and it's also symbolic of we don't
care what the Palestinians think and
we've never really been that interested
in peace so we're gonna do whatever the
hell we want and the damn to other side
and damn the idea that we are neutral
and that we could actually bring peace
to this region so it's very
understandable that diplomats and
embassy officials would be greatly
discouraged even in our embassy in
Israel so it's just one official talking
in this case to our reporter I don't
know that there's gonna be a witch-hunt
now to find leakers but but good
reporting by Ken clip and sign again and
by the way if you want to find out more
about this Ken's gonna do a QA on TYT
investigates Facebook page at 9 p.m.
because you've got the young turks 6 to
8 p.m. eastern then you've got rebel
headquarters and then you've got the
post game for the members here and then
after that go straight to facebook.com
slash tyt investigates and ken will do a
Q&A about this story that he broke for
TYT so everybody check that out as well
two easy ways follow young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
