but it was expected that today we would
have a vote in the Senate on restoring
net neutrality bringing us back to where
we were under President Obama and indeed
the Senate did vote and net neutrality
150 to 247 the Senate voted to reinstate
the 2015 net neutrality rules sending
the measure of the house every Democrat
voted to reinstate along with Republican
senators Murkowski Kennedy and Collins
it will now go to the house where
nothing yeah that will happen but it did
pass the Senate at the very least so
that's something no no that's important
breaking news these people it keeps it
in people's consciousness lets them know
that that's one of the things that's up
for grabs possibly in the midterms so
Senator Ed Markey from Massachusetts
came on rebel headquarters recently to
talk about this and fighting back and
maybe we could flip a couple of
Republican senators and remember they
only have 51 so that's a very narrow
majority they have in the Senate it
turns out they did and so Murkowski and
Collins is a not necessarily expected on
this issue but positive and they're a
little bit tiny bit more moderate but
look at John Kennedy from Louisiana
that's like the third time he's made
sense I don't know why he awoke from his
slumber and decided to be wrong only 97
percent of the time so but in this case
bless his heart remember he's the guy
who rented one of trumps judicial
nominees kept asking him legal questions
where the guy's answer was the guy who
was in no way actually he hadn't he was
like the bar said don't take this guy
right I wouldn't had basically never
been in court will see the sci-fi author
one of them was a sci-fi author longer
like him matter anyway so look both
great news and mediocre news is great
news because I mean the Democrats fought
back a couple of Republicans join them
on an issue that has you know what the
polling on it is 86% 86% of Americans
that means so a huge majority of
Republicans also say no don't end the
Internet as we know it we kind of like
it it's kind of a fun free-for-all and
we have our own blogs and sites etc
there
and other normal things that we enjoy we
don't want you to change it so because
of will including their own party three
whole Republicans go to correct way but
I'll take it the way of yes so that is
the great news that that the people who
were right on this issue one majority
opinion in the country one and and a
couple of Republicans are depositing the
mediocre news is John pointed out
there's no way you're gonna get enough
Republicans in the House to agree to
this it doesn't matter how because it's
not about the voters it's about their
donors as you all know and then finally
even if they were to somehow miraculous
do that and don't get me wrong
keep fighting brothers and sister call
your reps hey it worked in the Senate
okay so I don't by all means keep
fighting Red Alert red alert then of
course if they both pass it it goes to
Trump and Trump goes okay
how much did Facebook and Google donate
to me in the Republican Party and how
much did Verizon AT&T and Comcast right
no veto and that's why he put aa jet PI
in there in the first place to do this
ruling FFC but still hey the beginning
of a fight and the beginning of a win on
this so great job in the Senate two easy
ways for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
