now they carry Eastman has one with a
hundred percent of the precincts
reporting been caught it hasn't been
called and that's probably because they
probably will do a recount and that's
fair right so but for the moment being
with all the votes in Kerry spins the
winner so she's a just Democrat now we
were really had high hopes for Gregg
Edwards winning seventh District of
Pennsylvania he's a just Democrat and
then there's just King who's in the 11th
district of Pennsylvania she's a just
Democrat there's only three just
Democrats up for tonight
all of a sudden two out of three okay
deal all of a sudden winners yeah
winners and no recounts okay now Jess
King was uncontested but by the way she
did have an opponent but she was so
strong the opponent left a race okay god
bless Kerry Eastman wins and the exact
opposite fashion of just king okay
instead of winning a hundred percent of
the vote she wins 51.2 if people she was
she's up by point six so she won at all
that was in the votes cast she won by a
hundred and sixty and by the way those
last five precincts I think were just
her family
how did she jump she got almost every
vote in those last five precincts that's
fantastic
okay that is awesome so so at the end of
the night all of a sudden were two for
three Greg Edwards losing he was a
wonderful candidate all Disgaea all the
different groups support of our
revolution Petri obviously just
Democrats etc so that was really not
good news was a weird six way race three
top people a conservative Democrat a
progressive that's Greg Edwards and then
more of an establishment Democrat an
established Democrat at least one not
the conservative Democrat but and and
there were some other losses for
progressives keep it real some wins as
well mixed bag probably more losses than
wins overall but at the end of the night
two out of three just Democrats move on
so we rescue what looked for a while to
be a pretty bad night into we win
two-thirds of the time it's not a big
deal
we do and not just win but really
crushed like some of you have a Conan
movie like Brad Ashford I hope he's okay
because he was just destroyed yeah
