all right so Alison Israel's been in the
news
obviously we had the tragedy happened in
Gaza so some of the Democrats like Chuck
Schumer are bragging that they wanted to
move the embassy to Jerusalem before
Trump did I don't know why this would be
a good moment to brag about that what's
your take on the situation I mean
obviously the entire thing is a disaster
and I mean ultimately I am extremely
frustrated and angry and saddened by the
fact that our government speaks out of
both sides of its mouth and gets away
with it and we really need to be having
this conversation more at large so and I
did a video on this I don't know if you
guys were planning to show it or not but
you can go on my Facebook Twitter and
find it also my website and so in in
1995 the Jerusalem Embassy Act was
passed by Congress dianne feinstein
voted for this basically giving
congressional approval for us to move
the u.s. embassy from Tel Aviv to
Jerusalem as a symbolic measure to side
with Israel over the palet over
Palestine and this was basically
reinforced by a resolution that was
passed a year ago in less than a year
ago actually in June of 2017 that again
Dianne Feinstein voted for - and
essentially what it says is two parts
and this is what I mean by speaking out
of both sides of their mouths and one
hand it says move the the embassy from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and on the other
hand it says we support peace talks for
a two-state solution between Israel and
Palestine meanwhile we're giving
billions of dollars in aid to Israel and
the humanitarian acts of violence they
are committing against the Palestinians
you can't have both my position is that
we absolutely need to be supporting
direct peace talks between the two
states
I personally am supportive of a
two-state solution but and no longer
funding any state any country that is
committing acts of you of or
humanitarian acts of violence against
any other group of people but but then
you have Diane Feinstein who as soon as
Trump actually moves he is the first
president who follows through with this
congressional Act that goes back to 95
Dianne Feinstein stands on her bully
pulpit and goes oh I can't believe you
would do such a thing how dare you what
didn't I had a great idea for you Diane
you shouldn't voted for it exactly so
that is deeply frustrating but last week
we were talking about how you ran the ad
saying that she has the same record as
Jeff Sessions on marijuana and about
four days later she switched her
position and said okay don't arrest the
people in California for for having
marijuana which is not much of a move
right it's just saying hey we legalize
in California against my wishes
but please don't arrest the citizens of
my state well she hadn't even said until
you made that ad right and she's in the
middle of a primary etc yeah so maybe
now that you've said this she'll say
pretend to say you know what the United
Nations is saying these are human rights
violations Doctors Without Borders are
saying yes the people that were shot
were unarmed
okay I'm for pulling funding for
ministry yeah exactly give back all the
money I've taken from AIPAC yeah that
will never happen
she might be worth 80 million dollars
her husband might be official until June
5th yeah she will never give the money
back from a PAC by the way there's
wonderful Jewish American groups J
Street if not now there's so many groups
a bunch of rabbinical students and
Jewish students protested against the
embassy move in Washington earlier this
week so if you're supported by those
groups great AIPAC pretends to be for
all Jewish Americans but is right-wing
and in reality 70% of Jewish Americans
vote for Democratic Party so now when
you take money from a PAC like Phi sign
does and then support moving the embassy
you're in favor of a right wing position
that does not lead to peace at least
some more war no and it's not good for
either side it's not good for the
citizens of Israel it's not good for the
citizens of Palestine the you know the
best interest for peace for these really
these
innocent civilians that are victims of
yet another generals or another
governments war is what we should should
be in our best interest and their best
interest for us to figure out a solution
to this
