those on the right keep making the
argument that allowing low-skilled
immigrants into the country only helps
to destroy America that is a talking
point that we hear over and over again
in fact Secretary John Kelly made that
argument and now we're hearing that
argument all over cable news with
someone like Tommy Lehren now when I
first saw the story I decided to ignore
it but something amazing came out of it
during a recent segment on Fox Lehren
just regurgitated the same right wing
talking points that we're used to take a
listen you don't just succumb it come
into this country with low skills low
education not understanding the language
and come into our country because
someone says it makes them feel nice
that's not what this country is based on
we were based on the rule of law and we
believe in bringing the best people into
this country to make it even better we
don't believe in importing poverty trust
me I live in California we have enough
poverty we have enough issues we don't
need anymore so Larenz not from
California I don't know why Breitbart is
based in California I don't know why she
came to California I don't know why Ann
Coulter came to California they're all
in California running around talking
crap about California get out of
California go to a red state where you
feel comfortable and we think that
everything is all hunky-dory they love
to say negative things about California
but they all live here it's amazing but
that's beside the point so she makes the
argument that oh you know they're
low-skilled they're uneducated
they don't speak the language well
Aegina a genealogist by the name of
Jennifer Mendelsohn decided to look into
Larenz family history and she found some
pretty interesting tidbits so let's take
a look
she found Tommy Larenz great-grandmother
had been here for 41 years and still
spoke German was 41 years as she
wouldn't assimilate she keeps speaking
German I mean especially Germany we
fought against them back in in that time
I mean I I hope they weren't sending in
criminals because I mean they were our
enemy and then this person comes in here
and apparently hates the United States
so much but they won't even speak
English for 41 years unacceptable now
her second great-grandmother
had been here in the United States for
ten years spoke no English oh won't
assimilate disgusting Oh low-skilled
doesn't speak English what are we going
to probably really destroyed the country
right of course we don't think that way
right a lot of immigrants come to the
country they might be so-called
low-skilled whatever that means
they might not speak the language but in
case after case they come to the country
and they actually create jobs they
create companies I mean I have a family
history that's very similar to that my
parents came here not speaking a word of
English now they not only speak English
but my father was able to save up as
much money as he could buy apartment
buildings in very desirable areas of Los
Angeles and by the way with the housing
crisis refuses to increase the rent to
market value because he wants to provide
affordable housing to people that's the
kind of father that I have he was an
immigrant who came to this country
didn't speak a word of English but I
want to know you know Tommy Lauren was
born here in the United States what are
her skills what are her contributions to
the country I'm very curious about that
yeah look you know what this about this
is about racism and bigotry because she
doesn't think that her ancestors and
grandmas and great grandmas who couldn't
speak English our problem they're
Norwegian and German they're fine
they're fine what do you mean they
didn't assimilate they didn't learn the
language why are they fine but the brown
people who don't speak the language but
your ancestors report John Kelly same
thing all these poor people to rule
people and then they looked and his
family turns out his answer so were also
dirt poor when they came and they seemed
to assimilate as by his family
eventually even though they came in poor
seemed to assimilate fine here
why because the overwhelming majority of
people that came to America came in
really poor and not speaking the
language the Italians the the the
Germans that the the Irish came in dirt
poor obviously they spoke English but
they came in incredibly poor the Chinese
the Africans the Latinos all these
people and in fact look they make a
mockery of our ideals and principles
this so the Statue of Liberty has a poem
on it
some of you might be familiar but
apparently the people on Fox News are
not so let me just read you a portion of
it Satchel Liberty says give me your
tired your poor your huddled masses
yearning to breathe free the wretched
refuse of your teeming Shore send these
the homeless the tempest-tossed to me I
lift my lamp beside the Golden Door
she'd have to know how to read in order
to read that so I'm glad you said it for
her why won't Tommy and Lehren get an
education and assimilate in this country
why is she's so profoundly ignorant and
doesn't understand what this country's
about why won't you simulate into the
principles and the values of this
country as exhibited on the Statue of
Liberty and in our Constitution well
there was a pity party for Lehren on Fox
and Friends oh good and she did respond
to the intelligent individual who looked
into her family's history they believed
it was very mean for her to do that no
but I hope she wasn't triggered was she
triggered seems like she was a little
triggered by a weird while you watch
this next video just notice how she's
breathing very heavily it's a fellow
snowflake from Norway well there is a
woman over the weekend who took it upon
herself to research my family history in
hopes of digging up some kind of a
gotcha moment a gotcha
angle to validate illegal immigration
and open borders no and she did and she
found out that I'm full of crap
no but Shh by the way the person who
looked into her family history didn't
advocate for family or open borders at
all she just completely mischaracterized
with the you know what the expert did
here she was trying to make a point
about how you know you're pointing
fingers at immigrants who are coming
into the country who don't speak English
when your ancestors came into the
country didn't speak English and then
proceeded to fail learning English for
years after that
well this genealogist winds up doing
science haha I rest my case and the
people at functions like oh good point
man science terrible bad facts she found
out facts knock
glad you're fighting against that so one
more clip take a look she found that my
family who came here in the 1800s from
Norway and Germany that they spoke
Norwegian and German and really what she
did is prove that my family came here
legally but what she was hoping to do
was try to call me a hypocrite
for believing in merit-based immigration
again she failed miserably but what a
hottie look the genealogist did not have
a discussion about whether or not your
ancestors came into the country legally
she'd never say that was it that wasn't
the topic the topic was oh we you know
it's this is not what America is about
that's the argument that she made
bringing in low-skilled people into the
country that's not what America is about
narrow but that is what America is about
that's what America was built on yes and
so apparently though Tommy needs a
little safe space no this isn't the same
thing that Mexicans are no but they're
not like the Mexican somebody give me a
safe space my favorite part was I think
it was Dulce one of the finest hosts
when she said from Norway and Germany
he's like uh-huh what does that mean
thank you for proving our point too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
