a republican state senator in georgia is
running for governor and he wanted to do
something that really caught everyone's
attention and congratulations you have
caught our attention Michael Williams
he realized that Trump was very
successful in promoting bigotry and
hatred and xenophobia so he has used a
prop in his latest campaign ad take a
look
hi I'm Michael Williams and boy do we
have some exciting news to you we have
our bus tour ready to go but it's not
gonna be one of those pansy political
bus tours we've got the deportation bus
that's right you heard me the Michael
Williams deportation busts okay so he's
he's terrible right and by the way he
doesn't have any authority to deport
anyone he's a state senator in Georgia
he's not a cop he literally doesn't even
have the authority to arrest someone but
I just real quick love the music in the
background like dorky ass guy with his
like tucked in shirt and his jeans comes
out he's like we're gonna go on a try on
a deportation bus so so funny what I
love is the mixed messages cuz normally
on a on a campaign bus the candidate is
in the bus so when it says the Michael
Williams deportation bus it made me
think are you deported yourself I know
he's gonna go like on tour for his
campaign and in the process of doing so
he's gonna pick up people that he thinks
are undocumented and then support them
yeah and then if you were to do that
it's your campaign bus are you gonna sit
in the back with that guy's gonna
strategize what are you gonna do let's
find out there's more than that that's
gonna fill this bus with illegals to
send them back to where they came from
we're not just gonna track them watch
them roam around our state we're gonna
put them on this bus and send them home
on a bus we're gonna put them on the bus
I mean it's so it's obviously a gimmick
and it's obviously as usual with
Republicans a total line none of that is
gonna happen and if he tried to do that
he'd probably be arrested you can't just
go around trying to round up people you
think are problematic whether they're
undocumented or whatever else you think
about that so later
video he mentions his website and how
people should go to his website to see
how he plans on doing this so of course
I'm gonna check the website and see what
he means nothing on his website about it
nothing on his website about how he's
gonna legally do this but nonetheless
another part of the video take a look if
you're as tired as I am with politicians
that do nothing but talk and you want to
see this bus filled with illegals vote
Michael Williams on May 22nd so he's
disgusting right and you look at the the
text on the bus and you know it says all
sorts of things criminals rapists
molesters which he spelled wrong okay
couple of that he says follow me to
Mexico I really think there might be
deported maybe this is the self
deportation they were talking about oh
you're gonna load up your campaign bus
and go to Mexico deal okay and then he
like a lot of Republicans he
gratuitously threw throws in a line that
had not been used before right so
there's the criminals and the rapists
that's the Trump line and he throws in
child molesters why no no I just wanna
yeah I just want to dehumanize them a
little bit more I want to demonize them
more and I want to tell you that anyone
that looks different than you they're
probably undocumented and we got to
round them up I mean look it's so goofy
that it's hard to get mad but on the
other hand the idea behind it is
terribly fascist look at your fellow
citizens try to figure out which one is
undocumented and we can do this without
the cops or anything like that we're
just gonna round them up really we're
gonna go around rounding people up that
we think are problematic and and then
we're going to put them in a bus and
then you're gonna call them all sorts of
names like rapists and child molesters
etc and of course you're dying to refire
I surprised to find out that he was the
state's co-chair for President Donald
Trump's presidential campaign but the
reason that he does this is because the
press rewards bad behavior and look by
the way we're doing it too we get to
make fun of them and we got to fight
against the fascist because I don't want
to normalize this I don't want this guy
to win and then all of a sudden
everybody thinks no yeah you just round
up people and you put them in a bus and
you you know you do all sorts of
terrible things to them that's not what
America is about but on the other hand
if you're running a good campaign and
you're trying to fight for
the average American and you fight for
to get money out of politics you name it
any issue that is good
you get no press coverage unless you
already have a ton of money and then the
press goes oh you have taken corporate
money and you've taken a lot of bribes
oh oh you are legitimate you are
wonderful again and aid so you either
have to be corrupt or a total maniac
talking about China people in
Blankenship's case this guy talking
about rounding up your fellow neighbors
and shipping them out to Mexico you've
got the guy in California running as a
neo-nazi saying he's going to kick out
all the Jews out of the country and so
that's how you get press attention and
and sometimes on the Republican side it
works and they win that's right and
Trump won using a very very similar
strategy and being just as dumb as this
guy so who doesn't add does the whole
bus spends money on it it doesn't do a
spell check all right and like a
nananana look at this this is what we're
gonna do it there's a misspelling right
there think about how many people were
involved in making that ad okay no one
thought it there's so many people
involved in making that you didn't catch
molesters spelled wrong B and look if
you're a regular dude and you misspell
something online who cares nobody cares
but you didn't spend a lot of money
doing an ad tell me how people how great
you are how you should be the governor
of your state and your campaign manager
didn't catch it none of the people on
your staff caught it because they're all
Schmucks but on the other hand there is
one thing they're right about lowest
common denominator wins you the race
nine out of ten times if you're in the
Republican side and I might be being
generous by saying that then it might be
a way bigger than that
Trump misspell things all the time and
they're like the president tweeting out
official US policy and he doesn't know
how to spell Marine Corps he doesn't
know how to spell special counsel the
one investigating him so Republicans
being stupid a lot of times it's not the
bug it's the feature so a lot of
Republican voters you look at oh yeah so
maybe as a winning strategy in the
Republican primary we'll find out two
easy ways follow Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscribe
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on YouTube you are notified of
our videos
