a private all-male school high school in
Miami is apologizing following their
prom and videos that were released
online showing that they had hired
exotic animals to be at the prom okay
Christopher Columbus High School decided
to hire a company that provided a caged
Tiger for instance and when people saw
what was going on online they were
pretty upset about it we actually have a
video to give you an example of what the
scene looked like so take a look and you
have a caged Tiger and they're so glad
they they're so lucky nothing went wrong
in there no I mean but not only that
even if everything was completely fine
for the humans at this prom you have a
caged tiger in an environment where it's
gonna feel a tremendous amount of stress
the loud music the lights what are you
doing what are you doing these exotic
animals are not there for your
entertainment you know what animals are
innocent and when I thought I saw other
videos of the tiger and it did look
distressed you know it's ears were you
know back and it was constantly circling
around the cage you could tell that it
was uncomfortable first of all it's in a
cage yeah look that's why I'm
uncomfortable as is overall and and and
I don't I don't know what the tiger is
thinking but to me it felt very hangover
you know and and what are you gonna get
out of it like yeah I guess it's like it
feels like whoa isn't that interesting
but what like first of all yeah you're
torturing the animal etc but second of
all what if you made a little bit of an
error and people make mistakes and that
Tiger got out in the middle of a prom to
quote my friend Chris Rock Tiger doesn't
know crazy Tiger goes Tiger yeah right
and and then they would say oh yeah we
have to put down the tiger no no you're
the one that brought the tiger next to
the games don't do that it's a terrible
idea so the vendor that they had hired
decided to also bring in not decided but
they purposely paid for other exotic
animals to be there but the tiger is
what got the majority of the attention
because of how distressed it looked and
because it was in the cage in the middle
of this would appear to be dancefloor
the principle has apologized and said
that they will you know review this
incident they won't make the same
mistake in the future I hope other
schools learn from this but by the way
this is just it's it's a high school
prom what why do you need exotic animals
at your prom but you didn't have to make
the mistake of somehow letting him out
of the cage they're young immature kids
you think they're not going to go and
try to touch the tiger exactly yeah
great point and then when they get their
hand bit off people are gonna say I
can't believe the tiger did that so
there were handlers there and I I don't
know the handlers might have prevented
that from happening I'm not entirely
sure but either way you're right jank
we're humans who are prone to human
error you have an exotic animal who
appears to be distressed while captive
in this cage a million things could have
gone wrong but again I just want to
really emphasize even if nothing goes
wrong an animal shouldn't be there for
your entertainment and finally it's one
of my favorite apologies though now I've
learned my lesson no more Tigers at the
prom okay well thank you two easy ways
for young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
