so an update on the Gaza massacre from
yesterday these protests and near the
border of Israel in Gaza and it's not
really a border it's a fence then that
borders not legal but anyway those
protests have been happening now for six
weeks they're culminating and and did on
Tuesday so that's the 70th anniversary
of what Israel celebrates the the
formation of Israel and what the
Palestinians to cry as the knock by the
catastrophe so it got very heated on
Monday partly because the US moved its
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
now that was supposed to be part of the
final peace negotiations when the US did
that basically they declared we don't
really care about the peace negotiations
we're not going to be neutral and we're
going to give Israel what at once even
before the negotiations begin so there
was a lot of justifiable anger in that
regard and the right-wing government of
Israel has shown no evidence that they
want to do those negotiations that has
not been the case for all governments of
Israel of course they famously did a
peace deal with Egypt when President
Jimmy Carter brought them together and
and Yitzhak Rabin was on the precipice
of peace deal before a right-wing
Israeli terrorists killed him so now the
update is unfortunately tragic the death
count has gone up the number of wounded
has gone down because in the first day
of any tragedy there's always a little
bit of a fog of war so let me give you
the new numbers of the 60 victims in
Monday's protests as how post reports
eight were children the ministry said
yesterday the latest numbers were 58 now
60 have died more than 2,400 people have
been reported wounded as of Tuesday
morning the earlier numbers were 2700
but now officials at the hospitals have
brought that number down and said no
it's only 2400 unfortunately eight as we
just explained to her children including
an infant
Lyla al Gunn door she passed away let me
show you her picture
she died after inhaling toxic fumes from
the tear gas obviously all these stories
are tragic
they went to burier today and Lila's
mother said let her stay with me it is
too early for her to go but she is in
fact gone an Israeli newspaper said well
she might have died for other reasons
maybe she had a pre-existing condition
maybe doctors without borders' condemned
the violence as quote unacceptable and
inhuman in a statement saying it hasn't
seen bloodshed at this level in years
another statement from Doctors Without
Borders here's a direct quote it is
unbearable to witness such a massive
number of unarmed people being shot in
such a short time now there's a lot of
propaganda in the United States by the
Trump administration and conservative
outlets like Fox News basically saying
that Palestinians had it coming
Raj Shah speaking for the White House
said that this was a propaganda effort
by Hamas to get killed now if it was a
propaganda effort why did you play into
it what was Israel tricked into killing
these unarmed people so if you think
some of them were hurling stones and had
burning tires you are right in fact I
have a picture that I'm gonna show you
about that in a second if you think that
all 40,000 protestors were terrorists as
the Israeli government claims that is
preposterous
no one who's unbiased could possibly
believe that and none of the reporters
on the scene now the human rights
activists none of the doctors at the
scene can confirm that instead as I just
read you the quote from the doctors they
say they were largely unarmed and there
have been no evidence presented of any
guns or bombs when the Israelis are
asked hey you claimed that they might
have had bombs where are the bombs oh we
got him before the bombs went off yeah
that's convenient so where are the bombs
none of them went off and none of them
can be found and none of them have been
videotaped even though there is video
of the protests and the violence all
over media pretty convenient how all the
unbiased people at the scene say that
they were enormous ly unarmed as a
percentage and again I'll show you the
guys who was doing who were doing some
of the violence in a second so now let's
go to one more organization who's
tracking this the United Nations I know
in America conservatives think the world
working together to try to bring peace
and end poverty and end disease is a
terrible idea what I mean if you're
outside of America what an insane
thought but conservatives in this
country I've been convinced of that
partly because of their beliefs in the
end times the prophecy is they
interpreted that the world working
together is a bad thing and it would
anger God their sky God okay but in
reality of course the United Nations
does a lot of great work and their job
is to beyond bias and to protect the
wounded the media etcetera so in this
case they write the rules on the use of
force on our international law have been
repeated many times but appear to be
ignored again and again it seems anyone
is liable to be shot dead or injured
women children press first responders
bystanders and at almost any point up to
700 meters from the fence now two points
important there number one for all the
right-wingers who say oh no the UN is
against Israel you want to know who
authorized the formation of Israel the
UN
oh the UN can't ever do anything
legitimate so does that mean the State
of Israel is not legitimate because the
UN authorized that no it's preposterous
it's obviously can be no one there UN
says Israel should exist the UN is
wonderful what a great organization the
UN is when the UN says Israel's
committing atrocities and everyone on
the scene back set up they go are highly
UN can you believe that you want
outrageous right but the second part
that's important is they explain that
people are getting shot and killed 700
meters from the fence if you live in
America you might not know the metric
system that's about 700 yards that's
about seven football fields now were
there people throwing stones yes look
here's a picture there's many pictures
of video
now do you think that guy's going to be
able to hit a soldier on the other side
of the fence 700 yards away with that
rock and do damage seven football fields
that's gonna carry and land on an
Israeli soldier and do damage does
anyone actually believe that so by the
way that is the same weapon used by
David against Goliath that weapon is
thousands of years old the Israelis say
they had to use live bullets not rubber
bullets because the rubber bullets
couldn't reach the protesters think
about that you were an imminent danger
but they were so far away your rubber
bullets could not reach them if you're
using a sniper to kill someone by
definition you're not an imminent danger
he's a sniper he's at a great distance
that's why he's a sniper okay now look
we showed you the baby and then there
are men women children etc that were
killed but I want to show you the men
because Palestinian men are shown in
American media and demonized so
regularly and by the nature of the fact
that they are men their could presume
guilty in America a Palestinian man no
but these are real people of Palestine
both of those guys the first guy was a
teenager and this guy is obviously an
adult they both had their brothers
killed in the protests so that guy grew
up with his brother his whole life they
played together probably went to school
together they lived under occupation for
their entire life and his brother went
to protest that occupation and he's now
dead that's that's real grief now that's
a grown man and that's his brother that
he's known his whole life dead they're
not what the America
Media portray them s and certainly with
the right-wing portray them as they are
in fact real human beings and they've
lived under occupation for decades now
the US government basically tells them
you have no hope and if you go to
protest at that border area and Israel
shoots you dead we're gonna say it was
your fault
Hamas made us shoot you you made us
shoot you by doing a protest how dare
you if they're not allowed to do protest
they're not allowed to go to the UN and
ask for a state they're not allowed to
do an economic boycott what hope do they
have they're supposed to wait for the
benevolence of Netanyahu and Trump what
has happened in in Gaza is a massacre
and it is heartbreaking and if you don't
care about those human beings and you
think they should be kept in basically
an open-air prison for the rest of their
lives there is something deeply wrong
with you
you are an immoral person and and don't
get me wrong if you say hey but on the
other hand Israel should be safe of
course station but on the other hand
there should be two states of course
there should on the other hand we can't
allow every Palestinian to go back and
reclaim their land because that would
present an existential problem for
Israel I understand that if you say we
have to do negotiations the Palestinians
will not get everything they want of
course that's the whole point of
negotiations but if you say no I'm gonna
demonize them all I'm gonna call them
all terrorists I'm gonna say if they get
anywhere not even near our fence I'm
gonna execute them with snipers and then
blame them for it and you think that
that you had to do that because your
life is so much more important than
their lives and that you are never going
to set them free then yes you are an
immoral person two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
