so the way that Washington works is the
Republicans win almost no matter what
the Democrats job is to be the
Washington Generals to the Harlem
Globetrotters
so the Harlem Globetrotters are of
course a lot of you remember great team
that play a lot of it's not an actual
game it's for everybody's amusement and
they play tricks and stuff and and they
put on these shows and the losers whose
job is to lose at least they're actors
in a sense so that they're okay but
their job was to get embarrassed and
humiliated it was the opposing team the
Washington Generals that's what the
Democrats are so the way that this shell
game is played is the Democrats are
always supposed to say there was nothing
we could do now in the Trump
administration this is a relatively easy
game oh my god the Republicans hold the
Senate they hold the house and they have
the White House what could we know
there's nothing we could do we lost the
Supreme Court I mean we had it we put in
and nominated a guy there probably has
blocked it even though they did not
control the White House and they were
supposed to confirm the Supreme Court
nominee of the Democratic president but
it turns out there was something they
could do so they won that anyway and
then the Republicans coming they put in
their draconian right wing zealot
Supreme Court justice Democrats go what
do they fight it like your Republicans
did know they got there's nothing we can
do and I can give you not dozens but
hundreds of examples of that but today
we have a perfect example of it because
hey good news Gina Haspel is up for the
position of CIA director she has two
massive problems on a record number one
she authorized tortured during the Bush
administration it was illegal back then
it's illegal today she should have been
put in prison for that she ran a black
site they did a waterboarding they did
sleep deprivation they hid the detainees
they tortured me in several different
ways a giant report came out from the
Senate condemning that torture and
showing how horrific it was and in
unquestionably illegal and we have
executed people for the crime of
waterboarding when it was done to us
okay
she's the second crime witches she's
like well those torture tapes yeah we
taped it
they're terrible and if you ever saw
them you'd put me in prison so she
shredded him she destroyed evidence
we're still having a conversation about
this person but learn her a good news
good news
two Republicans flipped on her now the
Republicans only have 51 in the Senate
so if they lose to the Republicans
they're down to 49 and she doesn't get
confirmed hey congratulations America we
finally blocked someone who was a
torturer and who does not believe in the
rule of law wait a minute
did we man sir as you know is no we
didn't why because for Democrats flipped
and voted for her so in the committee
they're gonna vote for her first it was
guess who of course Jo match Jo matches
like torturer I get to help Trump up
fantastic my primaries over I don't have
to worry about progressives ever again
so yes of course I vote for the torturer
hey we're at 50/50 they're already in
pretty good shape they could now but
they want some cushion for this because
what if you lose more senators that are
Republicans by the way to give credit to
those Republicans who claim they weren't
gonna vote for John McCain and Rand Paul
now Rand Paul would have voted for her
because if it's ever the deciding vote
the establishment always gets what it
wants in any case in Jena Haspel it's
not just the Trump administration
Democratic torturers love Jeana hospital
to all those now contributor is on MSNBC
who also covered up the torture program
on TV going well I'm a Democrat and I'm
I like Gina Hass but I love but I mean
all right if you find her guilty you
might find me guilty
so this AB student agrees that that
torture we condemned it publicly but
then we put somebody in office who was
the primary culprit okay and what are
their excuses as well she was ordered to
do it well who ordered you it rumsfeld
and cheney and bush
all right let's put them in jail oh no
no no that's very impolite
those are good people we go to cocktail
parties with them all the time so the
establishment agrees that was all fine
let's all covered up together Gina a
split Center so mansion flip see so you
don't have to
Makena Rand Paul but Rand Paul as he did
with Pompeo would have voted for her if
they needed that vote because he's a
liar and he pretends to be a libertarian
but we saw in the case of Pompeii they
needed the extra vote and they always
find the extra vote it's a fun little
shell game we play right oh well I'm not
going to support it the Democrats all
gina has but I can't believe she did the
torture our narcotics are barter man she
flips and then Joe Donnelly flips and
then Hyde Kampf limps and today Mark
Warner the top Democrat on the
Intelligence Committee says yeah sure of
course fine no he says don't worry she
promised me that this she wouldn't do
the torture anymore
oh well that makes me feel better
preposterous so here is senator Warner's
quotes about this she said over the last
he said over the last year I've had the
opportunity to work with Miss hassle and
her role as deputy director now I've
always found her to be professional and
forthright with the Intelligence
Committee have you a was she forthright
when she destroyed evidence everybody
knows she did it she signed the order
there's she she doesn't dispute it
nobody disputes it she destroyed 92
tapes if you destroyed evidence in a
case against you do you have any idea
what kind of trouble you'd be it could
be going to prison for a long long time
when Gina hospitals in the cocktail
circuit oh the way you torture people
and then burn the evidence but you are
part of the establishment aren't you
Gina so welcome in forthright kind of
politician to tates to say Gina Haspel
of all people have it has been
forthright okay and then he went on to
say I remind you this is the top
Democrat on this committee representing
the Democrats he said most importantly I
believe she is someone who can and will
stand up to the president if ordered to
do something illegal or immoral like a
return to torture
well but I wish we had a moment to
figure out you know Gina Haspel would
follow an illegal order to torture
someone all right we did under the Bush
administration and she did follow that
order this is a shell game guys it's one
party different names so these are
preposterous comments they're gonna make
her the head of the CIA no but she
promised us you remember when they voted
for Betsy DeVos and Ben Carson a couple
of the Democratic senators voted for
them and said no no but they came into
my office and they promised and what
happened afterwards well Ben Carson is
now dismantling a Housing and Urban
Development and and Betsy DeVos is
destroying the education department
there's a new story out today that she
hired people from the for-profit
colleges to make sure that they would
end the investigation of for-profit
colleges but we already lived that we
already know that all those things that
they say in those testimonies are
nothing but lies but the Democrats got
oh you need votes now resistance
resistance my cricketer who says there's
no way Trump what do you need and Mark
Warner comes and goes yes sir absolutely
sir of course mr. Donald Trump's sir and
so does Heitkamp and Donnelly in mansion
they were always going to vote yes they
were always going to vote yes on all of
these nominees whatever the
establishment wants they're gonna get a
yes vote it's just a Kabuki theater and
a lot of show and then at the end of the
day establishment and now in this case
Donald Trump as well they are aligned on
this get exactly what they want and the
Democrats turn around and go well there
was nothing we could do there was
everything you could have done in this
case you chose not to because you're
just as corrupt too easy wasteful Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our video
