as they laid out all the different
possibilities you got a sense that no
one in power is having the intellectual
intellectual conversation intelligent
conversation these guys are having about
what is the way to rescue the deal what
is the way to rescue forget the deal the
relationship and and to make sure that
there is no war like even if you think
that deal is a bad one which no one who
knows anything about the Middle East
thinks it is other than ones who
actually want to go to war right
but even if you thought that how do you
rescue the situation so there's no
conflict because presumably if you're
sitting at home and you're not a neocon
you don't want more war presumably and
and in that situation you have these
folks talking about well the deal was
almost as good as we could possibly get
and and it did everything that we wanted
we got rid of the nuclear energy program
of Iran they were in total compliance
that IAEA says the International Atomic
Energy Agency said yeah they're 100
percent compliance our own government
says they're in compliance even madison
defense secretary and Pompeyo now the
Secretary of State says Iran was in
compliance so no one is saying that any
that Iran was not we broke the deal but
the reason it was depressing is because
and and and they noted it at the end as
well it's because you got a clear sense
that there's a lot of people invested in
the right wing both here and in Israel
and in Saudi Arabia in war and that is
not the bug that is the feature that is
what they want that it it's not like Oh
golly gee we found a path where we
couldn't avoid war know that that's the
whole point the reason why I had a
little bit of Hope and it is is a little
bit broader right Bernie Sanders does
these town halls is a third one he's
gonna do more they're so earnest he
brings in the top experts and they have
a conversation if you're a person who
cares about that topic and you love it I
learned now these are topic I know a ton
about and I learned four different
things here that I want to talk more
about in a little bit but I was like oh
that's interesting I didn't know that
right
and if you are not well versed in
topping you would have learned an
enormous amount of information that it's
really useful but you know I get it
people could look at it and go that's a
little dry they're having a conversation
where people are not screaming at each
other right it's not interrupted by
commercial breaks and no one's screaming
even in in their scenario even though
they're very very concerned nobody's
screamed about Trump they just had a
conversation about what's the right
thing the wrong thing to do so why am i
encouraged by that because that guy
senator Sanders is so damn earnest that
I really believe that American people
will be able to see it I think that the
next time if he is in the election all
the other slick politicians are like oh
no they're gonna see how many people are
in the room I want to make sure there's
enough media I want to make sure about
this and this Bernie's like let's just
bring really four really smart educated
people about this time and let's just
talk about it everyone else in
Washington think that's crazy but I
think the American people are gonna look
at that and go and that got that dudes
honest man and he's trying even if I
don't agree with everything he's saying
he's trying to find the right answer no
one in their right mind could have seen
that Town Hall and thought oh Bernie's
got a bad intent he's desperately trying
to get the piece and he's bringing smart
people to do that so I really hope
you're not missing any of these we're
covering all of them and I just think
that they're doing amazing work in
giving you some of the facts and we'll
will dive into those too yeah
I commend you for having a lot of faith
in the American people maybe one day I
will also join you in that position but
you know there's all sorts of shady
games that are played and regardless of
how earnest he is we know how things
typically play out during an election we
already experienced it in 2016 but that
doesn't mean you know I have no hope
with that said though these types of
intellectual discussions get you know
brushed off as elitists you know who
have no real grasp of what reality is
and no but it's true I mean that's what
we heard over and over again during the
last election you try to talk about the
issues and have a fact-based discussion
you're brushed off as an elitist so
that's the frustrating thing and you
know it seems as though it doesn't
matter how much the Trump administration
lies about issues including you know the
Iran nuclear deal which as you mentioned
perfectly was a perfectly fine deal they
were complying doesn't matter how much
the Trump administration lies about what
the reality is people buy into that lie
people think that Iran is a threat and I
think that it's likely that we'll go to
war because again that is the feature
not the bug and what I'm concerned about
is not only the war but also the
aftermath of that war right so the
potential refugees that will come out of
that war
where are they going to go you know
there's already displacement because of
all the other words that are going on in
the Middle East and so on one hand you
have people who agree with Trump arguing
that we need regime change in Iran oh
look at all these people being oppressed
and then once those oppressed people are
looking for safety because of a war-torn
country oh look at those terrorists we
can't allow them into our country right
well we saw that movie in Syria we saw
the catastrophe that happened in Iraq
and our again Iran is four times larger
than Iraq so way too yellow the run or
if it goes that way and then there is
the domestic side of that equation where
they will use the war as an excuse to
crack down on all dissent well this guy
is against the government in time of war
he's speaking out say it's our fault we
gotta lock him up yeah I think they
won't do that it's it's yeah I'm
pessimistic about the whole thing it's
first of all what Bernie said early on
is the people that are that are
concerned about domestic policy he said
a lot of you to concern about domestic
policy you might not be paying attention
to this and unfortunately and everyone's
day-to-day lives were so busy we're
running around and people aren't
following everything today I personally
who I I'm always in on the news but I
had a busy day and I wasn't really
following the the the the the killings
with the with the opening of the embassy
until later in the afternoon now imagine
if you have a busy life and you're not
paying attention so what do you what do
you listen to you listen to Donald Trump
saying Iran deal worse deal ever this is
a bad deal they're terrorists they're on
the travel ban etc etc which by the way
the the irony that this man says that
I'm opposed to the government but I'm
gonna ban the people that want to come
here from coming so I'm doing this for
the people of Iran to help the people of
Iran because I want to overthrow your
government but I won't let you come to
America which is also very hypocritical
and anti as an Iranian I get a lot of
flack from a lot of people on the on the
on the right who want to overthrow the
Iranian government and I always start my
statements I go I am opposed to the
Islamic Republic of Iran as the
leadership and what they're doing I know
there's a lot of human rights violations
there's a lot of women's you know rights
violations all kinds of stuff that this
cover my family fled Iran because of the
people that are in power now so I'm
opposed to the current government but I
don't support war with this country
because I know that war with this
country means there's gonna be a lot of
innocent Iran ian's killed and there's
gonna be Americans killed but again we
never hear the numbers of the Iraqis
killed we don't hear about the mess
that's going on in Iraq and just right
now just today with the elections they
had the the muqtada al-sadr ooh who gets
voted for isn't even the guy that we
want so it's gonna if what if it goes
that way what if we overthrow this
current regime and it goes to another
hand of a group that we don't want so
it's a messy messy situation and it's
just to sit back and hear Trump say
these things and like you said before
there's that doesn't seem to be a plan
and the fact that let's say even you
know the other thing john bolton who was
behind the iraq plan as well how does he
even get a job in him right exactly how
was that guy now how did that guy not
fail the biggest failure in the in
American foreign policy how does that
guy get a job and now he's being an
architect of leading us into this next
war possibly without Plan B which is how
they saw this on the Iraq war they said
oh they're gonna open up their arms is
gonna be clean it wasn't clean it's
messy it's dirty and that will be the
same thing with the world with Iran
maybe this is too pessimistic maybe even
conspiratorial but I don't think that
Bolton and people who agree with Bolton
saw Iraq is a mistake I think that they
saw it as a huge success in continued
see it as a success why do we go to war
why are we intervening in you know
situations abroad we don't do it because
we want to spread democracy we don't do
it because we genuinely care about
regime change or helping those who are
oppressed we do it because we make money
off of doing it and when I say we I
don't mean the American middle class I'm
talking about the weapons manufacturers
and that military-industrial complex
that's why we keep going in we keep
screwing things up because we want to be
in perpetual war the rest of us
including Trump during the campaign said
the Iraq war was a disaster but for the
defense contractors it wasn't they their
stocks went soaring and then they got
contracts and they made even more money
though for the oil companies instability
in the Middle East creates wonderful
profits for them because their costs
remain the same relatively the same and
they're but the revenue goes way up and
instability in the Middle East causes
oil prices to go up so they also mean
untold billions of dollars from the war
in Iraq so what looks like a disaster to
us was a boom for a lot of people and so
in this Town Hall one of the things that
I learned is apparently a talking point
they're putting out in DC and then most
of the town believes which is unreal is
that the since the Saudis are on our
side and Israel side that they will
convince the Palestinians just to lie
down and and and that everything will be
the policies are all well - Saudis say
it then we won't revolt we won't do
anything are you I mean how could they a
anyone say that with a straight face
like the palaces would've gonna give a
damn what the Saudi royalty thinks when
they're suffering under enormous poverty
and oppression why the hell would they
care what a Saudi prince thinks but that
that thought which is so mental is
apparently the majority opinion in
Washington that's so crazy I can't
fathom it and you you get yourself to
believe in same thoughts like that if
you're incentivized oftentimes
financially to go in a certain direction
in this case a lot of people in
Washington make a ton of money from
those Wars
including the lobbyists etc it you know
another fact I learned from there that
that I had not considered before is that
that Gazans
have never seen most causes overwhelming
majority have never seen the West Bank
they've never seen Jerusalem now I know
and I tell you all the time it's an
open-air prison you can't leave and we
saw today if you go to look anywhere
near the border you're shot and killed
that's it period great so that's a
that's worse than a prison in prison
they might actually tell you to stop if
I take a couple of precautions they
might come in with handcuffs this is a
prison that executes anyone that goes
near the wall right so I know all that
but it for whatever reason it didn't
compute for me that yeah of course they
they've never been to Germany they've
never been in the US they've never been
anywhere like that but they've never
even been to the West Bank which is
where the other Palestinians live
because they're not allowed to go
anywhere near the border only a tiny
tiny percentage of people can get a
permit through a great number of
loopholes that they're after not
loopholes but regulations that they have
to jump through so they've never seen
the outside world other than through TV
and and one of the points they drove
home tonight was how long can you do
this to people before it blows up right
and so one of the panelists said look I
got family members in Israeli Defense
Forces one of them is a sniper I I love
Israel
I want that the Israel to be safe and
and and Bernie bless his heart I mean we
we often forget that an overlook that we
the biggest fighter for the Palestinians
in this country and for peace and
justice for both sides is a Jewish
American Bernie Sanders so and and keep
that in mind next you know like
sometimes I see the comment section and
I see the anti-semitism and it drives me
crazy
Bernie's the only one fighting for
justice in Washington in this not the
only one but one of the few and
certainly the champion of it right so
but all those people on that panel they
want what's great good for Israel they
want what's good for the past is but if
you want what's good for Israel building
a giant powder keg is not it and that's
exactly what they're
right two easy ways for Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
