if you want to mow down people as
happened at the border in Gaza
unfortunate within the last 24 hours
it helps if you don't consider them
people now this has happened obviously
in history and it's a terrible part of
human history it's happened actually
many times over and over again you
dehumanize first well was a guest on a
fox program named Ian Bremmer and he
made this point and he is talking about
walls and how walls can work but there
is a caveat
now look whether he meant this as his
own opinion is questionable you see the
video for yourself but unfortunately it
does Drive either way towards a point
that is haunting so let's watch the
Trump has been a very effective
us-versus-them president right he's
saying done with the globalists I'm
gonna stand up for the little guy when
Trump says you want to see if a wall
works go to Israel Israel is one of the
most effective democracies in the world
it's transparent that rule of law
independent judiciary it's anti corrupt
and they've built walls the only problem
is that you have to think the
Palestinians aren't but Wilson yeah
that's a bit of a problem so again I
don't know if he's criticizing that I
hope to god he is that was pretty much
the end of the show and he didn't get to
explain or if he thinks that's a
perfectly legitimate point of view if
you're not aware of it there's a reason
why people for a long time have been
trying to dehumanize Palestinians and
Muslims in general because if you say
well because of the nature of their
identity whether it's their ethnicity or
their religion they are irredeemable
there's no hope for them they will
always be violent well then it gets
easier to be violent against them it
gets easier to kill them so that was on
the next revolution was Steve Hilton
that's a Fox News program but that's not
the only place that people say things
like that so ben shapiro wrote back in
2010 israelis like the build of arabs
like the bomb crap and live in open
sewage this is not a difficult issue
hashtag settlements rock
but a lot of people read that and go
that's an intellectual that's a really
smart guy who gets that we should be
bigoted and say a whole category of
people live in sewage and by the way Ben
didn't ever Korea ask you what for you
to ask why why is there great poverty in
the occupied territories it might be in
part of the answer it that it's the
occupied territories they don't control
their own economy they don't control
their own border they're on under
constant blockade and then you say well
look at that I put you in an open-air
prison two million people can't walk out
like today if you try to walk out will
kill you will murder you but ah look at
that you're poor haha you're poor and
they like the bomb crap today just to
remember what the count is fifty-five
dead Palestinians two thousand seven
hundred wounded Palestinians zero dead
Israelis zero is runed Odysseus that's
great that there are no wounded or dead
Israelis wonderful would it be great if
both sides didn't have anyone wounded
but it also goes to show you that those
soldiers for Israel were under no
imminent threat whatsoever but they
executed those people near the border
anyway why are they really people anyway
Israelis build according to something by
the way Israelis do build you know what
what they should build they should build
a two-state solution so one side
demonizes the other and by the way don't
get me wrong are there people on the
other side the Palestinian side Arab
side Muslims have whatever you want to
call it who demonize Israel or Jews oh
there definitely are and so I can't
stand either side guess what they're all
human beings Israelis or human
Palestinians are human but one side has
absolutely no power and the other side
has to constantly be reminded hey don't
kill those people and again to the point
of no these these are not monoliths
today there was an incredible wonderful
protest here in America by a group
called if not now we carried it on our
Facebook page on The Young Turks its
young Jews and rabbinical school
students
who came out and said basically not in
our name we don't want an embassy of
occupation we want an embassy of freedom
and they were in the streets in
Washington DC more power to them
Godspeed to them if God exists please
help those people because we need
someone speaking reasonably and with
compassion and realizing that they're
human beings on both sides and they
should not be killed and no one should
think that either side is irredeemable
now the rest of us look out in horror
and outrage at the deaths at the border
but there is one person who was excited
by it and you're not gonna be surprised
at least one person and Coulter so she
tweets out today referring to a New York
Times suite breaking news Israel
responded with rifle fire to mass
attempt by Palestine to cross a border
fence killing at least 28 now it's 55
and Ann Coulter writes can we do that
well give it time
because right now US government
officials are very busy justifying all
those deaths you know what the next step
is well if Israel are good Ally can do
it why can't we do it and if
Palestinians aren't really people and
we've made it seem like they're lesser
than us they're lesser than human and
that led to their deaths
Wow the Mexicans aren't they rapists and
criminals aren't they all ms-13 isn't
that what our government is doing right
now you think that it won't come here
fascism and bigotry is a toxin it's a
poison and once you normalize it there
is no end to it we should never ever
normalize it and the occupation two easy
ways for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
