so today we had our embassy move to the
United States moved our embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem for Israel recognizing
it as the capital of Israel the so
called indivisible capital is what the
Israeli right-wing says I don't know
what that means that it split into two
parts the Israeli part in the
Palestinian party should be divided it's
a very very easy solution Palestinians
should get the half they live in and
that is currently occupied and the
Israelis should get the other part of
Jerusalem I know everybody says it's a
holy city and it can't be divided it is
not a holy city if God likes that city
he's got a curious way of showing it
having led many many people to their
deaths in defense of some nonsense piece
of useless real estate so as they were
doing those theater extend Donald Trump
sent Jared Kushner his secretary
Treasury for some unknown reason
minuchin to the opening of the embassy
just 40 miles away where the
Palestinians decided that they were
going to try to cross the border now
there were some stone hurling as you'll
see in a video we're gonna run for you
in a little bit involved in some rubber
tires and so was the Israeli response
proportionate of course not not with
this right-wing government in place so
right now I'm sad to report at least 55
are dead of course all Palestinians no
Israelis were even remotely close to
being injured and more than 2,700
wounded now imagine if the Palestinians
had done a terrorist attack inside
Israel and 55 were dead and 2,700 were
wounded it would be a colossal story and
everybody would talk about the atrocious
horrific terrorism perpetrated by the
Palestinians and rightfully so now when
a state does violence whether it's
America doing a bombing where we bomb a
a wedding oops and we kill civilians of
or the Iraq war where hundreds of
thousands not millions of civilians died
when Saudi Arabia bombs Yemen and kills
civilians over and OH
over again or when Israel massacres
Palestinians at the border that's not
called terrorism not exactly clear why
but if the state does it it must be okay
no it is not okay that is why the Gaza
Strip unfortunately is an open-air
prison where two million people have
been imprisoned now if you think that's
hyperbole well try to walk out of Gaza
and see what happens oh right that just
happened today if you try to walk out of
Gaza and you get get within hundreds of
yards of the border you will be executed
on the spot and that's unfortunately
exactly what we saw there's a New York
Times reporter was covering it recently
he's the Cairo bureau chief he went and
was with the encampment he thought it
was going to be a quiet night last night
and all of a sudden bullets started
raining down and but there there was no
early Oh stones there was no burning of
fires there was nothing going on at the
time no they had come to within
apparently without even knowing it some
enormous distance from the border and
apparently it was good enough for
snipers to fire at them now you might
think maybe it was a warning shot
no they shot a woman she had to be taken
to a hospital a woman who was doing
nothing in the middle of the night so
when the New York Times reporter sees it
he's like no really they're just
shooting people that are clearly clearly
not a threat yeah yeah that's what
they're doing so I know the Israeli
excuse in the American excuse and I'll
get to that in a second these monsters
saying well they made us execute them
they made us do it I think there might
have been a couple of other choices so
now let's tell you what neutral
observers are saying the United Nations
High Commissioner for Human Rights is
saying it was the quote shocking killing
of dozens injury of hundreds then now we
know thousands by Israeli live fire they
say well the problem is the Palestinians
when we do the tear gas it's they're so
far away that the tear gas oftentimes
blows away in the wind that maybe if
they're that far away they're not a name
threat I know it's a wild and crazy idea
or sometimes now the palaces have
figured out how to burry the gas
canisters before they go off there like
in the lot and the plastic bullets are
not good at that distance thereby
admitting you're shooting from a
gigantic distance the plastic bullets
cannot even reach or be effective at
that enormous distance between you and
the protesters so they said well I we
had to we had to fire live bullets and
kill those people it is a gross gross
definition of had to or self-defense or
any nonsense excuse that Israel in the
United States is using the United
Nations went on to say that this was
quote an outrageous human rights
violations BBC reporting Israel said
this is gives you a sense of the
absurdity of their response Israel said
some forty thousand Palestinians had
taken part in quote violent riots at
thirteen locations along the Gaza Strip
security fence do I believe as reported
by all the media outlets that there was
forty thousand protesters yes do I
believe do you believe that the women
children and everybody else there were
forty thousand violent rioters no by
definition if you oppose the occupation
they consider you're a violent rider a
terrorist like Israeli government
official today saying Nazis let me get
this right
the Nazis were the ones that were being
shot and killed that had the stones okay
or in a lot of the cases didn't have
anything just nonviolent protesters
walking towards the border I think that
is the kind of hyperbole that should not
be used on either side it is absolutely
outrageous and certainly should not be
used by the side that has much greater
weaponry and has caused a much greater
death toll but it shouldn't be used by
either side under any circumstance now
the New York Times explains the charge
was often led by women dressed in black
waving Palestinian flags and urging
others to follow
boy that does sound
awfully dangerous so Doctors Without
Borders says the International that's an
international medical charity of course
they said on Friday so this is before
even the worst of the shootings that it
had treated more Palestinians along the
border at its Gaza clinics in this past
month then during the 2014 conflict and
that's some of the exit wounds from
Israeli ammunition were quote fist-sized
so this has been going on now for a
number of weeks it started at the end of
April it is supposed to culminate
tomorrow in the 70th anniversary of both
the creation of Israel and what the
Palestinian is called the nacht ba the
catastrophe where a lot of them were
driven from their homes and now I along
with many others have mixed feelings
about that situation now that being said
Israel and Palestine both let's put it
this way both of those territories exist
both of those human beings sets of human
beings exist one is recognized as it
should be Israel but they say oh no but
some of the Palestinians some few of the
Palestinians have not right it
acknowledged our right Texas you exist
what difference does it make in you know
exactly and they have already told you
that in the so called peace negotiations
that apparently under Netanyahu are
never ever going to happen they would of
course say that you have a right to
exist the other side their state does
not exist because of the occupation yet
somehow Israel is more threatened well
past that doesn't even exist yet because
Israel occupies it I think that that
might be a graver threat the prison they
have in Gaza Strip for 2 million people
might be a bigger problem the execution
of anyone that walks near the border
might be a bigger problem
so look Israel gets to play both sides
of this and again it is the right wing
of Israel it is not everyone in Israel
unfortunately though that virus has
taken hold inside of Israel that the
Palestinians are the enemy they're all
the enemy and we must never stop the
occupation I hope that we can counter
that I believe and I and I
faith that we will I believe that the
left wing will and and the moderates
both in Israel and America can rise up
and rescue the situation but right now
it is dark but that that strand of
thought that the occupation can never
end and if Palestinians come anywhere
near the border they should be killed
well that means they have no hope what
do you want them to do
terrorism is unacceptable decent people
agree with that I agree with that of
course right so we don't want them new
to violent paithan they go to the United
Nations and ask for say this out dare
you if they do a boycott they do an
economic protest they say how dare you
now they go and do a walk to the border
and they all get executed and what does
Israel say how dare you I don't know
what they're supposed to do
so now by the way to my point about it
is not everyone in Israel on Friday
Bissel M a leading Israeli human rights
organization criticized the military's
use of lethal force saying that the
demonstrations were no surprise and that
Israel had quote plenty of time to come
up with an alternative approach or
alternative approaches and they chose
not to so they say and this is quoting
the Israeli human rights organization
the fact that the live gunfire is once
again the sole measure that the Israeli
military is using in the field
Evans's appalling indifference towards
human life on the part of senior Israeli
government and military officials look
do not give hope a give up hope on
Israel do not give up hope on the even
their democracy no of course a democracy
does not include the occupied
territories so I get the day it is a
force to call it a democracy when you
occupy millions of people oppress them
and give them no freedom no democracy
whatsoever at the same time within
Israel proper there is a diversity of
thought and the left and the moderates
can win but again today is not that day
instead Netanyahu at the opening of the
embassy said quote what a glorious day
now if you're saying hey maybe that was
before the violence no if you were
saying hey maybe that was before he knew
his
troops had massacred Palestinians know
he knew that in fact he went on to say
in that same speech we are in Jerusalem
and we are here to stay
we are here in Jerusalem protected by
the great soldiers of the army of Israel
and our brave soldiers are protecting
the border of Israel as we speak today
that's what the he calls it so Netanyahu
knows that those massacres are happening
obviously his government ordered it and
he says what a glorious day well if
you're a right-winger and your only
answer is war and you don't view the
other side as human i guess it is a
glorious day for you I get that he's
referring to the opening of the embassy
but the opening of the embassy is partly
what is causing this violence do I want
there to be an embassy in u.s. embassy
in Jerusalem for Israel yes I do I do
once we have a peace field once they
both have a state and you know what
their parameters
everybody knows the parameters of the
peace deal the Palestinians get the West
Bank and Gaza string Strip and East
Jerusalem but no no no they will not
give it up so Israel and their
right-wing government says under no
circumstances so one excuse after
another and then after doing what they
did today which yes were executions they
then turn around and blame the
Palestinians so let's go to that and
they're not alone u.s. is doing that as
well so first we go to Jared Kushner at
the Embassy opening and he has a
reference to it listen carefully
president Trump was very clear that his
decision and today's celebration do not
reflect a departure from our strong
commitment to lasting peace a peace that
overcomes the conflicts of the past in
order to give our children a brighter
and more boundless future as we have
seen from the protests of the last month
and even today those provoking violence
are part of the problem and not part of
the solution
Oh big applause line there those
provoking violence
you made us murder you what do you mean
you were within 300 yards of a border
and our rubber bullets couldn't even
reach you so we had to fire live bullets
and kill you you've made us do it by
provoking violence I mean the the so
called weapons of the Palestinians are
using are literally a slingshot that's a
weapon from 2000 years ago I know
because it's in the Bible you know who
used that David you know who he was
fighting Goliath Goliath in this
scenario says well you made me execute
David I mean he had a slingshot what did
you want me to do but in this case
Goliath has nukes in the case of Israel
literally all right now of course here
at America people are gonna pick up that
baton who is going to be leading the
charge FoxNews of course here's another
reference to that well the Palestinians
were warned they could get hurt if they
approached the fence and they did and
Israeli snipers have apparently killed a
number of Palestinians we do know right
now at least 26 are dead and once again
the Israeli government was very clear we
know that you have called for protest
but if you get close to the fence
there's gonna be trouble and there has
been trouble that's right
well that's right they were warned you
were warned that the snipers will kill
you snipers if you're an imminent danger
and you're worried that you're gonna
lose your life and you fire okay I get
it but snipers were the ones shooting it
snipers don't do hand-to-hand combats
the Hyper's are not anywhere near that
actually snipers by definition fight for
and and fire from a great distance I
mean you were warned that our snipers
were going to execute you but there you
were walking along some area we warned
you not to walk into prison so now we're
gonna go to Raj Shah speaking for the
American government god help us all
look by the way credit where credit is
due reporters do it a decent job of
grilling him on this let's watch well we
believe that you know Hamas is
responsible for these for these tragic
deaths that their rather cynical
exploitation of the situation it is what
is what's leading to these deaths and we
want them stopped so there's no burden
on Israel to do something that sort of a
ya know we think that we shouldn't lose
sight of the fact that Hamas is the one
that frankly bear responsibility for the
dire situation right now Jared Kushner
each pointed a finger at the
Palestinians say they were responsible
provoking violence but given the fact
that it's only Palestinians are being
killed should Israel not shoulder some
of the blame
well as I said earlier we believe Hamas
bears the responsibility but this is a
propaganda attempt I mean this is a
gruesome and unfortunate propaganda
attempt I think the Israeli government
has spent weeks trying to handle this
without violence and 15 meters from the
wall and we're faced with a sniper
attack I mean is the White House in
denial and split screen realities it's
occurring again we believe that Hamas is
responsible for this Blake yeah no
matter what don't care
Hamas is responsible according the u.s.
Israel can never ever do anything wrong
oh gee I wonder why the rest of the
world doesn't think we have any
credibility on this issue we were
supposed to be the neutral arbiters of a
peace process who are we kidding
neutral arbiters the Palestinians get
executed and we blame the Palestinians
well that they made us do it it was a
provocation I can't believe that they
would walk how dare they and so by the
way the Israelis had to do it you know
how many Israelis who were wounded put
aside killed zero wounded zero you know
why because they were not in imminent
danger that is not what was happening
now final thing actually two things
before I get to the proposed solution I
want to read you Chuck Schumer quote
because you have to understand how
bipartisan it is in America in this case
there is no back-and-forth there is no I
can't believe Donald Trump did it
there's wild applause on all sides so
here's the so-called leader of the
Democratic Party in the Senate Chuck
Schumer he says that the embassy move
was quote a long-overdue move we have
moved our embassy to Jerusalem every
nation should have the right to choose
its capital I sponsored legislation to
do this two decades ago and I applaud
President Trump for doing it he applauds
president jump were doing it well thank
you mr. resistance for applauding
president Trump and and the grotesque
violence that has led that has come out
of that decision he's like well I wanted
to be do this outrageous action decades
ago I know you did Chuck I know you did
he says every nation should have the
right to choose this Capitol well that's
fair point
okay the Palestinians
to choose Jerusalem Oh what oh but the
Palestinians can't Chuck Schumer Donald
Trump Jared Kushner Raj Shah all of Fox
News what happened I thought every
nation could choose this capital Oh what
Palestine is not a nation why because
you want to end up Asian so Israel and
the United States gets to do everything
they want including death destruction
shooting and hitting 2,700 people but
the other side is not allowed to do
anything
they're not even will allow to walk to
the border they must stay in their
prison and I guess that people must know
when they are defeated that is their
rationale so Palestine cannot shoot
chooses capital Palestine doesn't even
exist and the US and Israel cheer
enthusiastically I think the
Palestinians should put away even the
slingshots what are you gonna do you're
not gonna do anything with that all it
does is give them an excuse I know that
they'll kill you anyway so put aside the
slingshots never ever do an act of
violence do not pick up a stone to
burning tires what the hell is that
gonna do so the leadership of Hamas
please stop being so stupid and have
putting rocks in those people's hands so
because I know that if they just walk
and I know that New York Times and
others have reported for just walking
they are killed so then why are you
helping the Israeli right-wing
government with the optics with the
stones and the tires put aside the any
talk of Molotov cocktails or stones or
tires have put that aside and just walk
with no weapons at all I know that they
are likely to mow you down and if they
do I look if you're part of Israel why
do you want the world to hate you I
don't want that I don't want Israel to
be a strong healthy country that lives
in peace and and and and abides by the
it's the founding principles and I know
some of you are skeptical about that in
Israel but then Israel should prove them
wrong the
Saniya should act with non-violence and
the Israelis should do what's right and
and so when the rest of the world is
outraged don't pretend that you can't
figure out why they're outraged when you
imprison these people you say they have
no hope whatsoever and if they go
anywhere near the border you execute
them that's why the rest of the world is
outraged and that is not good for is
zero it is not good for the Palestinians
it's not good for the whole world
the only people it's good for is
right-wingers who profit from war like
Netanyahu and Donald Trump and yes
apparently also Chuck Schumer and if you
are in favor of perpetual war Chuck
Schumer you're also a right winger too
easy wasteful Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
