very soon Trump plans on rolling out his
strategy to lower drug prices for
Americans which is a lofty goal a
fantastic goal something that I myself
am very supportive of even considering
the fact that I think Trump is a
complete and utter failure as a
president now with that said though he
has reneged on a campaign promise
involving Medicare being able to
negotiate drug prices and lower the
prices for the government because
remember the government is spending the
money to buy these or spending the money
on this program and the recipients could
really use some help when it comes to
affording some of these drugs now senior
administration official spoke to the
press about this and said the following
we are not calling for Medicare
negotiation in the way that Democrats
have called for we clearly want to make
important changes that will dramatically
improve the way negotiation takes place
inside the Medicare program let me just
translate what that means we're not
negotiating drug prices with the
pharmaceutical companies period yeah
okay so what are they gonna do and again
you know we don't know specifics yet
because Trump hasn't laid out the
specifics but let me just quickly
explain how the process works with
Medicare so there are private entities
the private entities are the only
entities that do any type of negotiation
private entities insurance companies and
the middle men known as pharmacy benefit
managers negotiate the prices with the
drug makers under a 2003 lago the
federal government may not interfere in
those negotiations just part of the
reason why you know pharmaceutical
companies get to charge us insanely high
prices compared to what other countries
are paying for so let me get to the core
of that though so if you're confused by
that process the bottom line is we spent
three hundred billion dollars a year on
prescription drugs and over 40% of that
is through Medicare and Medicaid so if
the government wanted to negotiate drug
prices which it should it could use it
to our benefit you could use this
tremendous leverage over the drug makers
to lower all of our prices and save us
tens of billions of dollars
but the government has unilaterally
disarmed and said we are not going to
negotiate we're just gonna almost let
them charge whatever they want right and
and this if you lived in a democracy
would be unthinkable and most of the
rest of the developed world does live in
democracies and they don't allow their
drug companies to run their government
so they do negotiate and their drug
prices are a lot lower a trick about
that is coming up in this story because
this is the wholesale sellout to the
drug companies in this story's unreal
so but bottom line is our country is not
a democracy so George Bush made a deal
saying the drug companies who are the
number one donors to politicians we will
not use our leverage we will make sure
that American people pay more for your
drugs than than they should and they
would in any other country Barack Obama
came into office and said oh I'm gonna
end that and he didn't because he also
takes donor money and so the Democrats
so he sold you out and kept the drug
companies overcharging you and did not
use the leverage his excuse was well I
had to do the Heritage Foundation plan
for health care and I couldn't get its
through unless I did everything that
drug companies wanted okay you can do
whatever you like with that excuse then
Trump comes in and what do we want we
want the government to lower the drug
prices so it says he's a sleazy
politician he knows he's lying his drug
companies are the biggest donors gonna
do exactly what the donors tell him to
do it's all he cares about
so he says oh oh Lord oh I'll make sure
the government negotiates gets an office
is I just kidding lied to you I'm a
sleazy gross as Blankenship was safe
Swamper okay I'm a politician and just
like everyone else I'm gonna sell you
out I never meant any of it
drug companies you get everything you
want right so since the the Trump
administration is not going to fight so
Medicare can or the government can
negotiate drug prices what do they plan
on doing well first
Trump is gonna do what he usually does
he's gonna target other countries how
does that make any sense let me explain
the administration
we'll put pressure on foreign countries
to relax drug price controls in the
belief that pharmaceutical companies can
lower prices in the United States okay
so here is a little summary coming from
the White House other countries use
socialized health care to command
unfairly low prices from u.s. drug
makers this places the burden of
financing drug development largely on
American patients and taxpayers
subsidizes foreign consumers and reduces
innovation and the development of new
treatments so again as always Trump is
saying it's it's every other countries
fault they're the ones that are screwing
us over and so we need to do something
about that no home boy I know you think
that you're the king of the United
States and you don't understand how
democracy works but you don't have any
power over all these other countries who
are doing the right thing by their
citizens and making sure that they can
afford the pharmaceutical drugs that
save their lives and it's actually a
little worse than that
so he's so beholden the drug companies
and get a load of this trick so he says
not only am I not lowering drug prices
in America I'm going to demand that
other countries also increase their drug
prices I'm going to use every piece of
leverage we have to not help you but to
help the drug companies overcharge in
other countries as well and and then the
trick part of it is oh this is they're
calling it foreign freeloading if they
weren't paying such a low price you know
we'd be paying a lower price great are
we going to no no it's not gonna affect
our prices at all because I'm not gonna
negotiate with them I just want them to
pay more why it's a double win for
pharmaceutical companies they get to
keep charging more here and they will
charge more to foreign companies if this
pressure from Trump works and then he
gets to say oh it's their fault there's
no other countries too bad countries
okay but meanwhile my donors precious my
donors what a scumbag of a politician
yeah so this is kind of like how Mexico
supposed to pay for the wall right it's
it's just at this point so such a broken
record I don't understand what it would
take to take the record off the the
record player because his appeal to
populism
constantly peppered with xenophobia and
bro ISM like the elbe all this talk of
this deal is about how he is a master
negotiator and he's the one who can make
that deal that hasn't happened before
because most of the people within
establishment politics are in the
pockets of these pharmaceutical
companies that's why we call it Big
Pharma and it's it's so unfortunate to
load this blame on other foreign
countries that have actually negotiated
subsidizing medicine in their countries
we've had medical care in different
countries and have been me and Anna for
sure we've talked about this I've been
surprised as foreigners being in these
countries how low drug prices are with
that without even having citizenship to
these countries I was in Morocco a
developing country and I paid a dollar
or two dollars for anti-nausea pills
that would be so much more expensive
there were pharmaceutical level pills
they right they were prescription level
pills and so for a country like that to
accuse that kind of country for our
shameless obsequious butting up to a
pharmaceutical company that also you
know they were talking about the fact
that we are creating innovative
pharmaceutical solutions that all the
other countries are ripping off of us
for us to create that kind of argument
is to further suggest our distancing
from actually serving the people that
Trump said he was going to serve blue
collar workers people who can't afford
this people on Medicare who are in need
of affordable access to medication and
also a way to get off the debt of all
the these like rising medical bills you
know I I just I just want to ask people
like have you had enough yet you know
what I mean like every day I in every
single day when I hear Donald Trump say
the previous administration and I
continue to hear about his obsession
with Barack Obama and enjoying
everything that Barack Obama allegedly
did but I just as a person as a
constituent as a person who has to have
medication and I think about all of
those poor people who voted this
administration and office and support
like a cult like what what more do you
need to suffer before you make the
decision that this isn't this needs to
go and that's just you know that's
that's really where where I am like and
I learned a new word today I'm excited
to be here but I'm really just thinking
like I I sit down and still have
conversations with people who are super
Donald Trump supporters I have to work
with them in my field of comedy they you
know they have TV shows now they're
there they're out there and the the it's
like this blind loyalty that does it to
you bite your nose to spite your face
like this this just my mom is a poor
woman who was on Medicare you know what
I mean like I have to think collectively
we got to think about everybody and it's
just like how much more do you need to
get popped before you say ah this is not
good for me so us on the other hand you
think you know the what the mainstream
media cable news does is everything's
50/50 so you know the right-wing are
zealots but the left-wing results that's
not true it depends on who you're
talking about
so if Donald Trump had actually follow
through and said you know what I am
having the government negotiate a drug
prices with Medicare I would have said
that's fantastic give him credit so you
know the prisoners are released from
North Korea great give him credit if he
gets a peace deal with North Korea I'll
give him all the credit in the world all
I care about his results he got us out
of TPP for the moment being give him
credit if he's doing those things in
fact there's a part of this bill that I
think you should give him credit on but
but I know that the right wing is not
gonna get moved no matter how much he
violates his promises no matter how much
they see that their drug prices did not
actually go down they didn't go down but
I think that the reason why it's
important is because I think the
independence can be moved so the guys in
the red hats that have almost literally
been brainwashed and so they're like
zombies you could punch him in the face
and say Donald Trump did it all good I
wanted to be pledged to face I love
broken noses
oh yeah snowflakes you know like broken
noses if you remember from election
night primary coverage from this week a
voter in West Virginia said that three
of his cousin's had died in the in the
mining explosion that happened under Don
Blankenship and and Blankenship went to
prison because he purposely
did not do the safety in those mines
that he needed to that guy lost three
family members and voted for Blankenship
and when they asked him why he's like at
least she's an honest crook okay so my
analogy or the broken nose was actually
too light actually in real life it's
more severe than that
so those magog eyes are never gonna be
convinced I'm not kidding myself
but for independence part of the reason
that you guys some of you voted for him
was because you thought he would do his
campaign promises universal health care
coverage he said I'm not like two other
Republicans I know this is not gonna be
popular my party but I'm gonna cover
everybody everybody's gonna have health
care the best health care and then he
never did it he's gonna close up had
hedge fund at ax loophole and that was a
good thing and I said at the campaign I
said I don't believe anything he says
he's a pathological liar I studied his
whole career all he ever does is lie but
if you were to do that I'll give him all
the credit in the world then they do tax
codes like he's like no loopholes need
to be closed the hedge funds are great
they're fantastic we have the best hedge
funds I mean and it goes on and on in
this case he's not gonna lower your drug
prices and the bag of guys will take
about the independence at some point go
oh yeah it turns out he was a sleazy
politician this this is the power of
racism and we're independents have to
inspect sometimes there there's inner
racism that they might not want to
confront I know that the mango guys have
it for sure but racism will sorry for
the though use of word Trump class in so
many ways as xx Morrison said in an
interview racism at its greatest in
terms of how it works is distracting
people from the real work and from the
real issues and so he knows that and
this is why he's using the race bait
constantly over and over again to
attract his followers to be distracted
from the actual issues at hand so he
doesn't have to be accountable to his
campaign promises because he can just
blame it
all those other people who are
freeloading right and so in this
particular case how does that apply so
your drug prices are not going down but
he says oh it's the foreign countries
that are freeloading wait it's our drug
companies it's not like it's a Mexican
drug companies or Iranian drug companies
it's ours and you can negotiate with
them but you're choosing not to your our
president right needs a cup of Mexico
Mexico opioid crisis it's our drug
companies that are causing it so go the
drugs are coming from Mexico no wait a
minute we're not coming from Mexico that
they're being produced here in America
by American companies but in that regard
Nathan you're right they they're his
followers here Mexico they're like good
enough for me somebody punch me in the
face and we'll blame it on Mexico yeah
and but for independence I'm time hoping
that they're still open mine enough and
I believe it because I believe that yes
race is a huge factor for whatever
percentage of the country that you want
to put on a 2025 33% etc but these
issues that actually affect real
Americans are also relevant to the
independence that do decide elections
and so on that ground let me just come
back to the one thing I was gonna give
them credit on the in this proposal if
it ever goes through are a couple of
good things it would allow low income
people on Medicare to obtain free
generic drugs without co-payments again
it's got to make it through the poll in
Congress they'll probably kill that part
but okay if it does that's that's
positive moment and another one is it
would overall limit Medicare
beneficiaries out-of-pocket costs for
prescription drugs that would also be
very good so now by the way though
what is the uniting theme of all of this
even those good proposals come from the
US taxpayers and that's okay I'm in
favor of it anyway but it doesn't do
anything to the drug companies right the
drug companies they'll make their money
it's just whether you pay them the
random tax payer pays them but
somebody's paying them the Uniting theme
of all of this is the drug companies
getting everything they ever wanted it's
not an accident that their design umber
one donors to politicians this is what
they paid for so that they pay give the
politicians millions of dollars and in
return they get billions of dollars from
you
I have to add one more thing before we
go to break so look the administration
is saying that foreign countries placing
price controls on pharmaceutical drugs
places the burden of financing drug
development largely on American patients
know if you are part of a group of
corporations in America that has enough
disposable income to constantly lobby
politicians in fact be the number one
lobbying group in the country you don't
need help financing anything ok
pharmaceutical companies are not
struggling to stay afloat they're doing
fine in fact they're doing more than
fine and just this notion that all
Americans really have to support these
pharmaceutical companies because these
foreign countries they're not paying
enough for the drugs it's just
ridiculous and so to finish up on that
if for example a pharmaceutical company
was not making enough money in France or
Mexico or Canada they would stop selling
drugs there yeah they still make a
profit that's why they sell it there so
the whole thing is a total lie they make
a profit they're here they make a
killing because unlike in Canada and
France they've bought off our government
and we allowed them to so and they
bought bush they bought omma obama and
now they've bought Trump lock stock and
barrel that's what you got a corrupt
terrible terrible politician too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
