right-wing commentator Gavin McGinnis
has some interesting thoughts for us on
the issue of gay marriage that I want to
share with you take a look if you're
totally populist and you allow the
people to make decisions in my opinion
for instance we got gay marriage wrong
as a nation even though it's got high
approval ratings so what do you do I
mean like are there any brakes on this
machine you say well the left tricked is
with gay marriage they trick me I was
for it and I thought it was just about
two people who want to get married and I
thought straights aren't very good at
being married let's let someone else
give it a whirl at least they're trying
to normalize themselves and and
assimilate but it turns out it was just
trying to gee justify Catholicism and
Christianity in general we got duped by
Liars by propagandists but I'm don't
really a dear to conservatism in many
ways I'm a punk rocker I'm an anarchist
I want minimal government I don't care
what so you're not pro gay marriage
anymore no I love how these guys think
they're edgy and cool but he just goes
like with this standard opinion of like
a 85 year old fundamentalist Christian
like oh so edgy being like incredibly
traditional I'm a punk rocker you know
I'm like on the outskirts a society and
stuff bro that's what I am I'm just a
cool punk rocker kind of guy I'm like an
anarchist really know if you're anything
maybe you're an anarcho-capitalist you
know maybe you're that flavor of
anarchism but there's like right and
left flavors of anarchism strains of
anarchism if you will he's certainly not
on the left but I love I love this clip
for at what early made up that point is
so I'll come back to that in a second
but I like how the guy starts the clip
by saying you know populism is bad he's
like yeah sometimes you know you leave
it up to the people and these fucking
peasants they mean oh they get it wrong
oh the reason is gay marriage I thought
it was just treating people equally
under the law giving people like human
rights and stuff but it turns out no
they were just trying to digest ax Phi
Christianity and Catholicism huh
well they failed pretty badly because
it's still what 70% of the American
people maybe 80% of the American people
who are Christians Catholics are smaller
but they're a subset of Christianity
anyway
man did they do a bad job and I love how
it's not like hey maybe that child sex
scandal where Catholic priests were
boinking little kids and then shift and
then sending them from one you know
parish to another one church to another
like hey maybe that D justified
Christianity as he said it wasn't the
child fuckin scandal where they had to
pay out billions of dollars in damages
that wasn't it because obviously you can
survive that I mean what's a little
child fuckin scandal every now and then
yeah I'm saying yeah it wasn't that it
was a gay marriage no but see the only
way you but you could believe that is if
you think well religion equals the rule
of law so like not only do we have
Christianity and Catholicism but they
should be the law that is the norm the
norm is a theocracy where it's a
Christian theocracy and when secular
people fought back and said hey no gay
people should have the right to marry
what you're saying is that D justifies
Catholicism and Christianity in the
sense that it makes it so that's no
longer the rule of law anymore so in a
way there's an admission there he's like
yeah I'm a theocratic
I believe in theocracy I believe in you
know bullshit mysticism and religious
voodoo being the the rule of law and the
norm and then if you fight back against
it and say hey we should have a secular
nation where everybody gets equal
protection under the law you're the
problem you know hey you're doing the
wrong thing here you're doing a bad
thing by trying to treat people equally
and by giving them human rights you're
just D justifying Christianity by not
letting Christianity dominate you in
your everyday life by having it be the
rule of law which forces you to buy into
the system because it's a theocracy so
religion rules over everybody so you're
not like these guys think they're edgy
you're not edgy you're just dumbasses
