the new president of the NRA is not
keeping his powder dry he's coming out
guns blazing almost as soon as he was
granted this position he decided to
attack the parkland students and he said
this in an interview at The Washington
Times he accused the teenage survivors
of parkland shooting of quote
intimidation and harassment and law
breaking he said what they did very
successfully with a frontal assault is
they confused the American people in
response he said his role as the NRA
president is to counterpunch the
blowback facing the organization because
of course we have learned over the past
18 months or so that viciously attacking
people is counterpunching ok you just
call it that and it's fine he also said
this they called them activists that's
what they're calling themselves they're
not activists this is civil terrorism
this is the kind of thing that's never
been seen against a civil rights
organization in America you go back to
the terrible days of Jim Crow and those
kinds of things even there you didn't
have this kind of thing he went on to
say he went on to say Jesus Christ he
thought he had it bad take a look at me
look obviously a little bit over the top
yeah calling the Parkland survivor's
terrorists because they've criticized
him oh I actually think it's worse than
that yeah so and why is it worse and
then there's a great irony of Oliver
North saying this but it's worse because
they are now beginning to call
demonstrations and protests as speaking
out civil terrorism and so that
propaganda has begun and that's exactly
what fascists do so they want to make
sure that they basically kill off all
dissent from their right-wing positions
and so what is actual punching and
harassment and all the different words
that he use is when massacres happen
like the one that they suffered through
right so that's actual violence speaking
out against massacres is not harassment
it's not civil terrorism it's not any of
those things it's freedom of speech
which is the most core right that we
have as Americans protected by the
United States Constitution but Oliver
North wouldn't understand or recognize
the United States Constitution it
if it was right in his face hey he's
violated his oath to that Constitution
over and over again and to use the word
terrorism in this context wow that is
rich with irony Oliver North literally
sold weapons to terrorists and he was
convicted of three felonies because of
that he later got off on a technicality
in right-wingers you must be so proud
that he had good lawyers that used
loopholes to get him off when in fact he
was convicted for selling weapons to
terrorists and is a traitor to this
country for him who actually sold those
weapons to dangerous terrorists to turn
around and say someone who's fighting
back with speech against people who have
committed massacres is somehow the civil
terrorist he might have broken the irony
record well this is consistent like he
loves to sell weapons he loved to sell
weapons back then wants to sell weapons
now more weapons the more weapons them
the better for him but I just I just
want everyone to take a moment to think
about who he's talking about because yes
they're minors yes they're high school
students but they're high school
students who experienced their loved
ones their friends and their educators
get gunned down in cold blood right in
front of them and he has the audacity to
go out and call them terrorists because
they want change so they don't ever have
to experience something like that again
so other young people other Americans
never have to experience something like
that again I mean his behavior is so
incredibly disgusting and it just gives
you a sense of you know where their mind
is that first of all the fact that the
NRA would hire him after you know we
just went through what his history is
tells you a lot about the NRA I mean
that's that's basically it and it's
worth remembering that the Reagan
doctrine and Oliver North are also
largely responsible for the rise of
terrorism in around the around the world
particularly in the Middle East
funding anti-communist insurgencies is
why we have Al Qaeda and Isis and other
you know forms of terrorism around the
world so for him to call that civil
terrorism but like people who survive
the school shooting is I mean it's as
crazy as it sounds and finally let's
forget the Jim Crow comments and he had
to walk it back slightly by saying I
meant cyber work in Jim Crow people were
actually lynched the civil rights
leaders hung from trees murdered etc
then I raise the ones supporting the
murderers not the ones actually getting
attacked so let's just be clear about
that they want to arm the people doing
the massacres so the there's no one
actually physically attacking the NRA
but they are special little snowflakes
so they're like if you don't let us sell
weapons to mass murderers that oh my god
alright so what has happened to our
rights it's like where Martin Luther
King I assure you that you are not too
easy wastefully on Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
