Donald Trump Donald Trump has apparently
become frustrated about a higher recent
rates of border crossings and also his
difficulty in fully building the border
wall in the first year of his presidency
and apparently he's been taking his
frustration out on his employees and not
just low-level ones it goes all the way
up to his interactions with homeland
security secretary Kirsten Nielsen Trump
was apparently furious according to a
source with Nielson telling her he
didn't think she was doing enough to
secure the border but Nielsen stood her
ground citing the law in certain
instances the source said a separate
White House official confirmed that
Trump exploded over immigration in front
of the cabinet the official described
the remarks as quote angry and heated
but also is fairly typical for Trump on
the issue and in response to that two
people told the times that Nielsen the
cabinet had to oversees agencies
responsible for immigration enforcement
and border security drafted a
resignation letter and there were a few
specifics cited one was she apparently
was somewhat resistant to or hesitant
when it came to the separation of
families coming across the border he was
not a fan of that and he doesn't like
specifically they sort of referenced
this that during the first year of his
presidency border crossings dipped down
significantly but now they are starting
to inch up again not at historic levels
or anything like that but a little bit
higher and he finds that to be
incredibly frustrating I just have to
quickly comment on the fact that she has
mentioned some reservations about
separating family members at the border
this is something the Trump
administration has been in favor of
because they see it as a deterrent if
you know that your child is gonna be
taken away from you and you're gonna be
turned back at the border
well you're less likely to try to cross
as a refugee yeah now think about what
happens oftentimes these kids get taken
away oftentimes their babies and then
they're in US custody while the parent
is shooed away so what happens to that
baby what happens to that child
oftentimes they're just in detention
indefinitely
right like it is a hideous horrendous
thing to do
so the fact that she has voiced any
reservation about that is a good thing
but Trump sees that as a now it's time
to berate her
yeah and just just to be clear I mean
they had originally said in responses
that she drafted a resignation letter
in the initial narrative about this the
white house attempted to fight back
against that idea there was a statement
put out by a DHHS spokesman who said the
New York Times article alleging that the
secretary drafted a resignation letter
yesterday and was close to resigning as
false the secretary was hard at work
today on the president's security
focused agenda and supporting the men
and women of DHS gov which is
interesting because later on John
Roberts had the scoop
John Kelly told me this afternoon that
after yesterday's cabinet meeting were
real Donald Trump berated secretary
Nielsen Kelly called Nielsen to implore
her not to quit over it which is an odd
thing to spend your time doing if she
had no cause to quit I had expressed no
interest in quitting so once again these
official statements coming out the White
House mean absolutely nothing I mean the
White House denied it so it's confirmed
true basically that's how it works now
John Roberts is he's at Fox News right
yes okay well they do have some sources
inside the White House and so that
that's pretty good indication that she
had done the resignation later and which
makes me respect her a tiny bit more she
works in the Trump administration so I
can't go that high so there I think
there's two parts of this story one is
Trump yelling at people when he doesn't
know anything and doesn't understand the
complexity or nuance of any issue and if
you have an ounce of self-respect you of
course immediately think about resigning
most of the people who work for Trump do
not have an ounce of self-respect so
they just take it from King Joffrey
sitting there making a jackass of
himself well having no idea that he
doesn't know what he's talking about and
yelling at people that are far more
intelligent than him we might disagree
with some of those folks but clearly as
some of them are bright and obviously
way way brighter than Trump so in this
case it might be that there are certain
migration patterns that affect it there
might be conflicts in Central America
that lead to an increase in in
immigrants crossing the border having
nothing to do with the policies right it
might have to do with socioeconomic
conditions it might have to do with
legal precedents and decisions that are
being handed down
so as Nielsen probably tried to explain
that to them the man child probably grew
angry no I just
I mean how much can you take of that I
mean I couldn't take any of it look do
you want to know what's actually
happening or do you want to scream like
a total idiot right that's what I would
ask and so and so but they have to sit
there and take it from a guy with not
only an inferior intellect but almost no
intellect so now there is a second part
of it and and this is where it's a mixed
bag for Trump like look he thinks there
is something you can do and he wants the
people that he picked to be as vicious
as he is he's like I want you to
separate the families and maybe that'll
affect things and to be fair to Trump
maybe it will maybe if you're that
vicious I mean to to flesh out what Anna
was saying like the mechanics of how
they split up the families is
interesting there is a rule that kids
have to be released within three weeks
but now the new rule the sessions is
trying to enforce is that the adults be
imprisoned for up to six months for
crossing the border before you would say
okay you cross the border illegally now
we're gonna send you back where you came
from and we wouldn't bother wasting
resources on imprisoning people who were
trying to improve their lives and bring
hope to their family now it's we can't
have it because it's illegal to cross
the border but we didn't waste resources
on now Trump is saying no make sure you
punish them and split up their family
and God knows where the baby or the kid
goes when they release in three weeks
and their parents are still in in a US
jail I mean that is unreal to a normal
feeling human being but Donald Trump has
no empathy for anyone that isn't named
Donald Trump or perhaps Ivanka Trump so
now that's both being fair and unfair to
Donald Trump fair that hey Nielsen I
hired you to be a terrible person and if
you're not gonna be a terrible person
I'm gonna fire you and get someone who
will be sufficiently barbaric that is
fair and in that that is his purview
he's allowed to do that
as president but he also fails to
understand how our system of government
works which is really pathetic
considering the fact that he is the head
of the executive branch
she can't unilaterally do things that
Congress is supposed to vote on Congress
is supposed to vote on policy decisions
or
or legislation and they are complete and
utter failures when it comes to the
issue of immigration because they
haven't succeeded in passing anything of
substance so she's look she's not queen
of border control you know she's not
able to wave a magic wand and do
whatever hideous thing Trump's wants her
Trump wants her to do there are
limitations to his power there are
limitations to her power and by the way
they are separating families and yes I
know the law is supposed to work that
way where the children are released
within three weeks but it doesn't often
work that way oftentimes they attempt to
find a family member in the United
States who is a US citizen to release
the child to and then when they are
unable to do so what do they do they
just keep them indefinitely yeah that is
a disastrous policy and by the way a
disastrous policy that ends up costing
you the taxpayer even more money if
you're concerned about the economics of
all this immigration talk it's just one
more quick thing about that
look I know right-wingers love
punishment they like being mean to other
people and they get great joy out of
that but have you ever had kids so
imagine taking a three-year-old and
because there's no family in the US and
you don't know where they send them and
you locked up their parents for six
months then you have to keep them in to
a three-year-old in prison for six
months with no access to their parents
in some sort of whether you call it
prison a detention facility whatever you
want to call it with guards guarding the
three-year-old you know what that's
gonna do to a three-year-old I mean it's
I mean what parent would say yeah yeah I
mean how dare they try to pursue their
American dream they did they technically
violated their law crossing the border
trying to improve their lives let's
crush the three-year-old and give it
some trauma that it couldn't possibly
recover from so okay I guess that's what
you signed up for I hope you're really
really proud of that and we also can't
continue compartmentalizing all these
political issues that lead to people
wanting to seek refuge in the United
States if we genuinely want to convince
people hey maybe it's better for you to
stay in your own country let's stop
perpetuating a drug war that leads to
these embolden cartels in Central
American countries that's where the
violence is coming from we need to strip
them of their power
the best way to do that is to legalize
drugs like I know people don't want to
have that conversation but let's look at
the root of all these issues rather than
putting band-aids at you know gushing
wounds that's what's happening right now
well look I mean to Donald Trump's
credit what he's doing is making the
United States a place that you would not
want to move to legally or illegally so
you know maybe it's not intentional but
the things that he's doing are so I mean
their horrific you know jailing children
separating families like you can't I you
know if I heard about that happening in
Spain I wouldn't go to Spain just in
case that you know they made a mistake
in my papers and they separated me from
my kids or something like that if I had
kids but it's it's just what he's doing
to the United States as a whole is
making us weaker it's making us worse
and if I lived outside this country I
wouldn't want to move to it yeah yeah
and it would one I'll be quick on this
but while he wants his Secretary of
Homeland Security to become vicious he
might it might work in the long run
certainly many of his aides are but we
also know that that effect is being felt
throughout the country when many of his
supporters are becoming far more vicious
that I mean we talked this week about
the number of threats against abortion
clinics has tripled in the past year the
number of extremist groups is
skyrocketing of various forms I mean it
might be that he was just appealing to
some of the darkest historic tendencies
in America when he became president but
he's clearly exacerbating them now he
doesn't just shed light on these things
he makes them actually worse in a number
of different ways two easy ways for the
Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
