there's an insane story out of Utah and
we just wanted to it be and here's the
deal on this store I'm gonna tell you
this ahead of time this story is not
about what you think it's about it's
about activism in America and it's about
the crushing of activists in America
that's what this story is about but it
happens to be with six animal rights
activists in Utah and by the way you
should listen to who these animal rights
activists are these aren't just
fresh-faced 17-year olds who have a
passion for an issue
the defendants include Diane Sorby she's
62 years old she's a retiree spends most
of her time volunteering at animal
shelters one of the other ones is a PhD
a guy named Andrew Shara he's 24 he's a
student in the biophysics program at
Berkeley and so on anyway they're in
Utah and they go to a huge turkey farm
like an industrial turkey farm now if
you've seen a lot of the advertising
about industrial agriculture you know
that these turkeys are happy turkeys and
they're just all sitting there playing
ping pong until slaughter day comes
which they're excited about because they
can volunteer themselves on our tables
well these photographs of bucolic
settings and these conditions that they
advertise is perfectly humane here it is
nor best mountain-grown turkey it's like
no other oh my god so you feel good
about it right oh my god
they wander the landscape until they're
called in to you know meet their maker
ultimately because you know that's one
nothing bad happens mark magically they
go from that beautiful green bucolic
setting to that delicious turkey on the
table and nothing really happens in
between
thank you Steve because I was a little
worried there for a second apparently
when these activists showed up kind of a
different scene than that in fact they
found something radically different tens
of thousands of turkeys crammed inside
filthy industrial farms for a Barnes I
should say virtually on top of one
another the activists say the animals
were suffer
diseases infections open wounds injuries
and they get these injuries by pecking
and trampling on each other they're all
crammed in you know countless chicks and
adult turkeys were barely able to stand
and were lying in their own waste close
to death well to be fair it's hard to
find a picture that would quite depict
all of that right mark to be fair all
this is happening in the mountains thank
you thank you Steve yes they also say
that as a result of the filth in these
barns hepatitis and other viral disease
diseases were rampant and they spread
throughout the flock and what does that
mean well it means that they have to
treat those diseases right otherwise you
lose the whole flock so you treat them
with antibiotics including penicillin
and they put that in the water supply to
try to reduce this issue with infectious
diseases and where does that go it goes
into these creatures and then we eat
that and so you see how the antibiotics
the general filth the general conditions
they become important to you if you just
care about the health effects but if you
have a humanitarian bone in your body
you also care about these animals that
are suffering under unspeakably
grotesque conditions so here's what
happened these activists go in there and
they take pictures do we have pictures
of the and here's here's a little bit of
one this is a modern cliquey fine folks
she's been that clean of feathers
oh my god this is horrible some
defective tumor on his father's fast
guys
the worst sign would be that she has
some sort of severe infection that maybe
has gotten to her brain no longer tell
wherever Heather's well it's horrifying
of course and direct action everywhere
DXE they're called they shot that and
they're activists were actually arrested
as a result of this now they did a take
do they take three birds I think they
took three birds from the but three
birds that were on death's door they
took them out and actually rehabilitated
them but it's what it's called an
open-air rescue they kind of just do it
as a symbolically well they've been
arrested and now these activists not the
birds the birds are fine but the
activists have been arrested and they
are being charged with serious criminal
time they could do five years each there
are two felony theft charges and there
are there are laws here on this kind of
thing that are being applied elsewhere
that we'll get to in a second that could
end up prosecuting activists like these
for terrorism type crimes that's hard
time they could end up doing and these
guys the back to vests they could have
been prosecuted under the ag-gag laws
where you're not allowed by law to take
pictures of these conditions at these
industrial animal farms but those laws
been struck down on the grounds that
they are unconstitutional that they
violate the First Amendment because why
can't they speak about factory farming
that's the one thing you can't speak of
that's weird right so so now that they
don't have the ag-gag laws to protect
them the industry you know basically
they push the politicians into hammering
these activists with other laws in this
instance just general theft laws so are
usually when you in Utah if you steal
something to be charged with felony
theft the items are worth more than
$1,500 however Utah provides an
exception for stolen stalion mayor
Colt gelding whatever that is cow heifer
steer ox bull calf sheep goat mule Jack
Jenny swine poultry or a fur bearing
animals for commercial purposes so if
you steal any one of those things that
could also be a felony theft charge so
here each of these activists are facing
two such charges that can be served
consecutively so they're looking at up
to ten years in prison for for rescuing
these animals that are gonna die anyway
and rehabilitating them so this is
incredible I mean putting aside the
weird favoritism for factory farming
that the law provides here it is also
incredibly draconian
I think a 62 year old woman who
volunteers at an animal shelter who's
who who took a dying Turkey and and and
you know you know rehabilitated it to
ten years in prison is it the best is
our tax dollars are you sick and tired
of corporate Democrats as much as we are
and you think we can have what the rest
of the world has and come watch the
aggressive progresses with us on The
Young Turks Network
