mass incarceration continues to be a
huge problem in the country and some of
the mandatory minimum sentences and
draconian laws on the books have
unfortunately victimized people like
Alice Johnson 21 years ago Alice Johnson
was convicted for her part in a drug
conspiracy she had lost her job and she
had no money to take care of her kids
and so she thought she could make quick
money by helping someone sell cocaine
something that she has regretted you
know since this whole ordeal came about
and so the issue with Alice Johnson is
is not that she was convicted and that
she was punished for her crime but that
the punishment doesn't fit the crime
because it was a non-violent drug
offense and she received life in prison
without the possibility of parole now
did she have a criminal record prior to
this no she had no criminal record and
again it was a non-violent drug offense
but she will serve the rest of her life
in prison without the possibility of
parole
unless she receives a pardon from the
president now under Obama she did not
get that part in and it turns out that
Kim Kardashian is talking with the White
House and Jared Kushner in order to at
least get her sentence commuted now Kim
Kardashian had an interview with Mike
and during that interview she talked
about her motivation and and what
inspired her to do this and what her
strategy is let's take a look I mean in
all honesty how I felt I was like where
I'm at in my life right now just like to
go and spend my money buying material
things just doesn't satisfy me the way
that it used to and I'm just in a
different place in my life so I thought
well if I could put the money into a
shopping spree which sounds ridiculous
to save someone's life and do that once
a year then that would make me just my
heart fuller I mean that's
incredible commentary coming from Kim
Kardashian and I'm happy that she's come
to this conclusion yeah yeah great great
III and I mean it I look I've got issues
with the family obviously the other day
I had an epiphany that this is funny I
mean everybody knows this but you don't
quite think about it kaalia is saying
all these crazy things obviously Kim
Kardashian married to Kanye West and I
was like oh my god
Kanye's in law a mother-in-law is
Caitlyn Jenner I literally don't know
how to describe it I'm sorry okay wait
Auri let's put this with Caitlyn
Jenner's son-in-law is Kanye West like
and this is them and they're both for
Trump and their this is the madness that
they're in but if if the Kardashians and
their obsession was Fame but all the
money that they have from that from
those pursuits and their love of the
Trump's leads to one person being
released who should be released at least
we'll get that and and so don't get me
wrong
great job Kim wonderful like go more in
that direction she has obviously she has
money and she has influence and if she
wants to focus on something productive
that could positively influence prison
reform then I'm all for it I don't
really care about her past
as long as she's doing this thing I'm
very supportive of her now again she is
also influential in that she has you
know ties to Kushner she has been
communicating with Kushner and Kushner
wants to champion Prison Reform so this
could potentially work out you never
know in fact let's take a look at the
final video on this where she talks
about her strategy a little bit I think
the first step was to hire her a
different legal team and then I've been
in communication with the White House
and trying to bring her case to the
President's desk and figure out how we
can get her out Jared Kushner who I've
spoke to has been really working on some
criminal justice reform bills and I
would love to sit and talk to them and I
know they're internally talking about it
so I mean that's such a
huge step from where we started with you
know that not even being on their radar
so she was also asked you know about
working with the Trump administration on
issue like this because the Trump
administration is not so popular and
very controversial and she said look if
if I have to work with him to achieve
something positive that I'm gonna do it
I don't care what the critics say and
cool go for it I really hope that Alice
Johnson gets an opportunity to live as a
free woman because what she did was a
mistake and she's incredibly remorseful
but to serve a life sentence without the
possibility of parole she's already
spent 21 years in prison for this I mean
it's just unacceptable so I know that
Obama gave clemency to a record number
of individuals and that's good I just
should have done more and should have
done Alice Johnson should have
Declassified marijuana as a schedule 1
drug that's and he smoked pot Obama did
Bush did Clinton did and I keep putting
away people we've imprisoned millions of
people in this country for nonviolent
drug offenses and in the case of
marijuana it's the equivalent of having
a beer millions of people robbed of
their liberty so and looked as a win-win
Kushner and Trump would love to have
pardons be a regular policy and so it's
it's kind of a lamp for them and they
look like good guys for the first time
in their lives if they do this right and
it helps their cause like what do you
mean pardons are totally normal
hey I gave a part in our pie oh I give a
part in to this lovely lady right and
then I gave a part in to all the people
who did the criminal activities with me
so it's it's it's a no-brainer so it
really should work for Donald Trump
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
