a graduate student at Yale University
was harassed by police officials in fact
as many as four cops after a white
student saw her sleeping in the common
area of a dorm building and thought that
this person was some sort of threat and
called the cops
now the graduate student here is la la
de Co no Sein bola and she is an
incredibly accomplished woman again
she's a graduate student at Yale where
it costs as much as sixty three thousand
dollars a year just to get an education
there in in its graduate schools she
took a nap in the common area and then
this white student comes in tells her
she's not authorized to be there calls
the cops and unfortunately the situation
escalates from there she had to deal
with the cops for as long as fifteen
minutes and we have a few examples of
the video that she posted on social
media so let's take a look at the first
one
I have absolute rights document we're
gonna do I need to go back to this wall
for this finish writing my paper what's
you got your ID on you yeah I do all
right why we got a place call for you
okay let me open my apartment for you so
you can see that belong here I don't
think there's a need for you to be here
I think you probably need to commit her
to an institution that's the only like
you she has to be okay great
I need to get back to this you just said
that if you prove that I live here you
would leave okay I was opened I just
opened the door to my apartment that's
okay
thank you for watching that why man that
is frustrating yeah so you know the
right wing says Oh boots traps okay she
is a graduate student at Yale so she did
everything she could do she didn't
straps she did whatever she had to do
she's at Yale and you know why she was
sleeping there because she was working
all night on the paper she had to write
as a graduate student and it's her dorm
it's her dorm and this is this all
occurred around 1:30 in the morning I
first of all I don't even understand
what goes through the mind of someone a
student who walks into the common area
of a dorm and sees someone sleeping in
that common area or taking a nap in that
common area like why did it cross her
mind that this woman posed any type of
threat and so there were other black
students at Yale who spoke to the press
and said that they also had similar
run-ins with this student which by the
way you could hear la la la la de
mentioned in the video that we just
showed you and so who is lada she holds
a bachelor's degree in computer science
with a minor in Spanish from the
University of missouri-columbia where
she was a George Brooks scholar she
later moved to New York where she worked
in the tech industry
she's now getting a graduate degree at
Yale in african-american studies
I mean her resume is super impressive
I'm will be giving you a tiny piece of
it so you're right Jake she's done
everything right everything right she's
at Yale and it doesn't matter she still
gets her rise by a student for simply
taking a nap in the common area of this
dorm yes so this is a new one sleeping
well black and then again white
privilege what does it mean it doesn't
mean that you're every white person is
the cut in the country has a mansion in
a yacht it doesn't mean that it means
that you get to take a nap in your dorm
room and people don't call the cops on
you so you never notice it you never got
the cops called on you so you don't
that's why you're like I don't get it
why privilege I don't have any privilege
what you don't notice is what happens to
other people
they do everything right and they get
the cops hold on my autumn anyway look I
and in this particular student and
others probably will disagree with me I
don't think like once the cops are
called the cops are and I think in that
situation in a tough spot now they went
on too long they asked her to open the
door she opened the door they asked for
the ID I think asking for the ID is okay
and she gets him the ID there's a slight
misspelling in her name and they and the
records that's when you got to let it go
okay like it's obviously her and it's
and she has a unique name the fact that
is slightly misspelled what do you think
get this someone else broke into the
dorm room somehow got her key and her ID
but maliciously misspelled her name this
is student IDs have photos on it so if
there was a misspelling in the name
you're right Jenk let it go but it
shouldn't even get to that point they
checked her ID up against the
university's record like think about the
investigative work that went into that
really is is that really a good use of a
police officers time but but mainly I
get that in the beginning the cops her
in a little bit of a tough spot because
somebody called them and they got to
respond right but that person who called
the cops and then she has the audacity
to say don't you dare take a picture of
me you called the cops on me I'm a
fellow student and I'm the one who's
wrong for videotaping in and like you're
the victim now yeah you're in a public
place by the way so she could have
easily
taken her picture or put her in the
video but she didn't I mean that shows
some significant restraint by the way we
have a second portion of the video that
I want to share with you all so let's
take a look at that I was sleeping in
the common room and she comes in and
turns the lights on and she's like why
are you sleeping you you're not supposed
to be sleeping there I'm gonna call the
police on you but she called the police
on my friend about three months ago
University knows that she's unstable and
she's still here well this is my first
time actually meeting her in person but
I know that she's the one who called the
police on my friend because he was in a
stairwell when he was black she did the
same thing because my friend was in the
stairwell and he was back well that's
the sound right that I'm sitting here
with you and I should be writing my
paper leave it I don't understand why
I'm still here so her friend did speak
to the press and she said he said that
she had he had asked that woman for
directions somewhere in the university
and that because that's what Roberts do
they come in and ask for directions I
just write I can't anymore so look I'm
sure that if you ask that woman if she's
racist she'd be like no no of course not
I don't actively think that all black
people are criminals I just happen to
see you think that most of the people I
run into it yell who are black are
criminals right I mean why else would
they be doing a paper at Yale in the
middle of the night why else would they
be asking for directions for how to go
to wherever they were to go a dorm maybe
a class at Yale it never occurred to you
that maybe they were asking for
directions because they're a student
there and so I think that the person who
called the cops is way worse than the
cops and and lastly why don't I ask for
her ID I mean apparently anybody can
call the cops on anybody and then they
got to spend 45 minutes in the middle of
the night justifying who they are how do
I know you're a yellow student maybe
you're the criminal you're distracting
the cops and robbing my place so I want
your ID and I want to see who you are
okay and yes I'll take a picture of you
yes I'll think of any of you I mean you
get to question my identity but
you're the victim no hell no hell no
everybody earned their way there
although I don't know about the woman
who called the cops she might be a
legacy you know those people are
actually they didn't earn it their daddy
or mommy went to Yale and they got in
okay and then they questioned other
people who got it so I don't know but a
huge percentage of the classes at these
top schools are legacies so just keep it
real on that yeah but again I just want
to really emphasize that it costs as
much as sixty three thousand dollars a
year to go to Yale and to get that kind
of treatment is is pretty horrendous and
also keep in mind that Yale has decided
to support the actions of the cops they
said that the cops went through the
proper procedures so they're defending
the cops in this case but one of the
deans did speak out and say that hey you
know what we do need to do better in
being more inclusive of minorities at
this university
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
