Republican donor shade and Sheldon
Adelson has given the Democratic House
I'm sorry he has given Republicans in
the house thirty million dollars to
defeat Democrats in the midterm election
so Sheldon Adelson Republican donor has
given thirty million dollars to protect
the house majority Republicans are
shaking in their boots they're realizing
that some of the districts that Trump
won easily are now flipping and so
Adelson has increased the amount of
money that he has given them and he has
given them the money much earlier in
this election cycle compared to previous
election cycles so let's break down the
numbers the thirty million dollar
contribution is three times as much as
Adelson gave to CLF that is the
congressional leadership fund in 2016
and the cash comes much earlier in the
cycle in 2016 he actually gave the CLF
ten million dollars in August as a
campaign headed into the homestretch but
we now know that he has given thirty
million dollars this week and we're in
May so so this is two components of this
that are important one is as usual the
legalized bribery and two is oh why in
this particular case he paid this
particular legal bribe so in terms of
the the bribery that Adelson does of all
these Republican politicians as you guys
know because of citizens united it's
legal in this country to simply pay off
politicians you just give it to their
packs as he does here in the
congressional leadership fund and you
can give unlimited money so Adelson back
in 2012 spent a hundred and fifty
million dollars to try to defeat
President Obama and Democrats now in the
case of Obama he was unsuccessful but he
spent a hundred and fifty million
dollars eight he spent fifteen million
dollars on Newt Gingrich's campaign than
twenty million on I Mitt Romney and then
he poured so much more into the other
Republican coffers and then other than
the ones that were stated then there was
a PAC money that having the post on
showed in a report that they did
etcetera so then for Donald Trump in
2016 he gave well over twenty million
dollars all this is legal I mean this is
when someone gives someone twenty
million dollars what do you think
happens you think they go ah yeah now
that's okay I'm not gonna do what you
asked me and by the way I'm gonna run
for re-election but you know I don't
care about the twenty million dollars
and I wouldn't want the twenty million
dollars and I said no every American
knows that you pay the twenty million
dollars to get them to do what you want
so all of our politicians are
systemically corrupt so whether it's the
Democrats that take that corporate donor
money and the billionaire donor money or
in this case the wholesale Republican
Party so why this particular bribe at
this particular time well Donald Trump
just ripped up the deal with Iran
Sheldon Adelson is very clear he
supports the right wing government of
Israel and he wants Trump to do whatever
he tells him to do so after giving him
over twenty million dollars before
Donald Trump took office Adelson met
with Donald Trump and then he bragged
afterwards that
oh he's gonna move the embassy to
Jerusalem just like I told him and guess
what Donald Trump did when he became
president he moved the US Embassy to
Jerusalem just like he promised the guy
who gave him over twenty million dollars
you think he did that for you or to keep
a campaign promise to Americans you care
about where the embassies are maybe some
evangelical Christians care and it's
some right-wing zealots care but overall
most of the voters don't care about her
but Adelson who's got the money cares
about that I also wanted Trump to rip up
the deal and the Republicans are off the
deal they rip up the deal with Iran so
won't make it more likely to go to war
and Adelson goes good boy good boy
Republicans way to do as you're told
here's another thirty million dollars
this corruption is wide out in the open
they have made America and is the
Supreme Court and on these corrupt
political parties have made America
unfortunately among the most corrupt
countries in the whole world and the
reason for that is we legalized
corruption yes and they brag about it
and
few laws we do have to help mitigate
corruption which by the way very few
laws they're incredibly weak so I'll
give you an example I found this part of
the stories so fascinating so Paul Ryan
goes to Vegas and meets with Adelson at
the Venetian okay now of course Adelson
owns the Venetian he's this huge casino
mogul and there are other political
aides there for instance Ryan went there
with one of his political aides and then
there was a former senator in the room
as well a former Minnesota senator Norm
Coleman now as an elected official Paul
Ryan cannot solicit a seven-figure
donation right and so he left the room
and former senator Coleman basically
made the case for this giant donation in
a sense it's worse than that Paul Ryan
comes in and says yes we'll do whatever
you say
mr. Adelson yes sir I'm your water boy
I'm your errand book Paul Ryan he's the
smart guy for the Republicans that knows
policy no he's the most corrupt
Republican there is in the house he
raised the most amount of money that's
why they disfigure the house how does he
raise money he goes to billionaires like
Adelson and says how would you like me
to hijack the American government and
make sure that it serves you instead of
the three hundred million Americans and
then he goes down technically I can't
take the money so I'm going to step
outside for a second and then Coleman
says okay that you make the check out to
the congressional leadership fund for 30
million dollars Adelson goes oh Paul
Ryan is out of the room okay here is the
check this is the corruption we have in
America it's sick I actually interviewed
Bernie Sanders earlier today about this
got interviews up on youtube.com slash
tyt and we'll put the link down below in
the description box for you guys and I
asked him about this issue and he said
it's totally unacceptable and that
Adelson's purposes are quote nefarious
and they are and they're brazen about it
and the last piece for you guys Allison
has several different interests in that
in the case of the deal with Iran they
just ripped up he is a right winger both
in the US and in Israel supports
Netanyahu and their drive for war there
are great groups in America like J
Street who represents
left-wing Israeli politics and they are
not for war but Adelson is not in that
he's in the right-wing groups so that's
a the the thing they got him to give the
thirty million dollar check now but he's
given as I told you hundreds of millions
of dollars before because his other
interests are bust unions who work for
him so that you can make sure that he
pays his workers as little as possible
he's the fourteenth richest man in
America in the world maybe I think he
has over twenty billion dollars but
don't you dare try to make a nickel
above minimum wage if you work for
Sheldon Adelson he will crush you right
and then one other thing what does he
want tax cuts so he just got giant tax
cuts yep you know how much his company
recorded in income tax windfall from
these tax cuts in the last quarter six
hundred and seventy million dollars I'm
gonna repeat that was just in the first
quarter of the year
that means Adelson's company is gonna
make two-and-a-half billion dollars more
because of Trump and Paul Ryan's tax
cuts so the thirty million dollars that
they give back to the Republicans is
nothing in comparison you can give that
over and over and over again they just
robbed you of two and a half billion
dollars for Allison's company alone for
just one company so for them to be able
to bribe the politicians back with
thirty million dollars it's a wonderful
investment and the cherry on top is war
in the Middle East our country is run by
oligarchs you must get an amendment to
get money out of politics
we've lost our democracy grotesque
people like Sheldon Adelson run it now
wolf dash pack.com if you don't get the
money out
they don't serve us at all don't be
surprised when we go to more wars more
tax cuts for the rich that's all we'll
ever have because these guys are on the
place too easy wasteful Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
