the conflict between Israel and Iran is
at a very scary place considering the
fact that now there have been missile
strikes exchanged between the two
countries and there are world leaders
now urging both parties to hold fire to
calm down and not let things escalate
further now let me give you a quick
timeline of how things kind of played
out this week on Tuesday of this week
Syria claimed that Israel had carried
out an attack on a military base that's
just south of Damascus which by the way
is being used or was being used by
Iranian forces now as we know Benjamin
Netanyahu of Israel has been pushing the
United States to a and the nuclear deal
with Iran and B engage in a military
conflict to defend Israel because
Netanyahu believes that Iran poses a
threat to Israel now can I just say a
super important part of the timeline is
Israel launched those particular strikes
one hour after Donald Trump withdrew
from the deal with Iran so the deal with
Iran was with many different parties
including your European allies like
Germany France and UK and with Russia we
all agreed to stop Iranian energy
nuclear energy program and now after we
reneged on the deal
Israel thought oh great and this is the
right-wing government of Israel there's
a wonderful opportunity to start a war
so since Iran has already met and they
have no incentive left not to strike
back let's try to make sure that that we
hit him we hit them hard we kill some of
their people so that they'll be forced
to respond and when they do we'll go oh
my god I can't believe someone would
strike back after we bomb the living
crap out of them how is that possible
well that's exactly what's happening
right now well that's an important
clarification to bring up because the
way that this story is playing out in
the mainstream media makes it seem as
though Israel was attacked by Iran and
it was unprovoked when in reality that
is not the case in fact the military in
Israel is admitting they are themselves
saying we did this essentially
preemptive strike because we were
worried that Iran pose an imminent
threat from Syria that they would strike
Israel from Syria
okay so let me clarify that so if their
idea is correct you can just do a
preemptive strike because you're worried
that somebody else might attack you at a
later time they say oh they might have
had weapons pointed towards us well
Russia has weapons pointed towards the
United States right now should we nuke
them that sounds like a pretty bad idea
right oh wait a minute
the US has weapons pointed out Russia
right now we have hundreds maybe
thousands of nukes pointed out Russia
right now should Russia preemptively
attack and destroy San Antonio we have
missiles pointed out and we could wipe
them out so the preemptive strikes are
another word for I would like to start a
war and I have started a war so
preemptive strikes doesn't mean a
goddamn thing
it used to me something back in the day
a preemptive strike that actually
existed was there planes are in the air
so we had to hit them right a preemptive
strike is not hey they have weapons
somewhere so let's start a war with them
well we in the united states set a
pretty terrible precedent when it comes
to preemptive strikes exactly right and
and by the way Israel supported that
preemptive strike against Iraq that we
did and and the same guys then yo
Netanyahu and the neoconservatives here
in America all believe that you should
be able to attack any country you like
and just call it a preemptive strike so
let's be absolutely clear Israel started
this Israel's our ally I don't want him
to start it and and I don't want him to
get bombed I don't want them to be in
the middle of a conflict I agree with
the left wing of Israel and and in in
terms of Iran don't get me wrong I don't
want him in Syria I don't want their
weapons there I don't think they should
be there I don't think the Russia should
be there by the way I also don't think
we should be there so I I don't want any
of that conflict but I know that the
most important thing is who starts
bombing first because those are the
people looking for conflict looking for
war and if you're wondering house is
gonna help Israel to start a war with
Iran in order to quote-unquote prevent a
or with Iran that makes no sense at all
if you actually care about the citizens
of Israel and its security or the entire
region but if you're a right-wing
politician you think war always helps
you and certainly helps you get
reelected that's right especially if
you're in the middle of domestic issues
like Netanyahu is and charged with a ton
of corruption and is in political
trouble hey well you hey you can't get
rid of me we're in the middle of a war
I'm your strong leader what a nice
coincidence for the right wing as always
now that's just the first part of the
timeline let me tell you how the rest of
it played out just this week by the way
so again on Tuesday Israel strikes a
military base just south of Damascus
targeting Iranians according to some
civil rights groups 15 people died
including eight Iranians so at that
point Israel realizes well Iran might
retaliate these Israeli citizens that
they were concerned about were those who
live in Golan Heights that is a town
that borders Syria and so they
essentially told the people living there
get ready you need to prepare your palm
shelters because there might be
retaliation so also please keep in mind
that there was an April 9th air strike
by Israel which killed seven Iranian
military advisers and members of Iran's
military guard so this provocation has
been happening as early as April 9th and
Iran didn't retaliate until this week
so finally Iran does retaliate with
missile strikes in Golan Heights the
rockets were intercepted by Israel
though as far as I know as far as I've
read they did not succeed in you know
targeting the Israelis now on Thursday
Israel claimed it hit nearly all key
Iranian military targets in Syria during
air strikes launched in response to a
rocket attack on its troops in the
occupied Golan Heights it blamed on Iran
ok now again Israel said that about 20
rockets were fired from an Iranian
operated launcher at its forces in the
Golan Heights and either fell short of
their targets or were intercept
did now also if confirmed that Iran has
fired these rockets directly at Israeli
forces in a conflict that for years has
been fought through proxies such as
Hezbollah so again it's the first time
that they are in direct conflict with
Israel this is for the most part been a
proxy war up until this week and and so
very important context on a lot of that
as well so the Israelis kept bombing the
Iranians last month so why didn't Iran
respond because they were waiting to see
what the US did in terms of the peace
deal so if they didn't want to strike
back and risk the u.s. pulling out now
it turns out it didn't matter the u.s.
pulled out anyway so when they did then
this is why Trump pulling out of the
deal is so important and so negative
because then Iran said well then I have
no incentive not to strike back that's
right okay and then Yahoo knows that
he's trying desperately to start a war
so as soon as the u.s. withdraws they go
he goes great now I'm positive Iran will
hit me back you see that he's
endangering his own citizens on purpose
one hour after the u.s. withdraws from
the deal he's like now I kept hitting
them and hitting them and they wouldn't
hit back now they did down an Israeli
jet as it was bombing Iranian positions
inside Syria and then Israel was furious
about that first time in they've lost a
plane in decades they're used to just
being able to bomb people and no one is
allowed to ever counter them by the way
I tell you that because picking a war
with Iran I know Israel in the u.s.
think we can't ever lose a war yeah Iraq
went great Afghanistan has been
brilliant but but they think yeah we got
mired in it but it's not like we lost
okay it runs a different animal I'm not
saying Iran is gonna beat the US or
Israel but that's gonna be way way
harder war they have no idea what
they're getting themselves into Iran is
four times larger than Iraq has more
than twice as many people as Iraq and
has an ally named Russia so and they
will be able to buy weapons not only
from Russia but likely from China and
they just down an Israeli gen this is
incredibly serious stuff and of course
the right-wingers in both countries are
like oh no
problem filled with hubris we can't lose
a war let's just start it and see how
many people on our side as well as the
other side dies now luckily Barack Obama
gave Israel the iron dome and that's
partly what shot down the Iranian
rockets I'm sure Netanyahu is called
Obama to thank him for saving Israeli
lives oh right he did nothing but
criticize Obama and got the Iron Dome
anyway by the way the Golan Heights is
occupied territory Israel should not be
there in the first place right it was
annexed by Israel so let's talk a little
bit about the response to this conflict
from Russia and from the United States
as expected the response from Moscow has
been more critical toward Israel Moscow
which supports the Syrian President
Bashar al-assad said 28 Israeli
warplanes took part in the raid and 70
missiles were fired Israel said that it
had notified Russia before the strikes
began so Israel for its part is not
denying what Russia is saying it's just
responding with what we warned you and
we did what we said we were gonna do now
the United States unsurprisingly is
siding with Israel and pretending as
though there were no provocations coming
from Israel the White House condemned
Iran for launching rocket fire from
Syria at Israeli military targets and
through its support behind retaliatory
strikes by Israel asserting the Jewish
states quote right to act in
self-defense but again remember these
this this conflict didn't begin this
week with with Iran it began with Israel
you know launching its rockets toward a
military base that had Iranian military
members in it and they killed eight
Iranians in a previous bombing seven
Iranians in a recent bombing so imagine
what America would do if Iran killed
bombed American positions killed eight
American soldiers and then another seven
along with other people - do you think
we'd be like wow I mean we should just
have to take their bombing and there's
nothing we can do about it no we would
strike back and then win around strike
back strikes back they're like how dare
they they are being so belligerent no no
we're going to kill them and and
we should not pretend to be surprised
when they fight back I don't want them
fighting back I don't want either side
doing any of the bombings but it's our
job to tell you the reality and the
facts on the ground and the facts are in
this case Israel definitely started it I
know that you go back three decades and
decades in the israeli-palestinian and
all the Middle East through Wars and
everybody's like yeah but before that
was this and then before this means that
and it's endless but in this case it is
absolutely clear that Israel did the
bombings last month they did the
bombings this week and then Iran
retaliated and again Iran retaliated
because it had nothing to lose in regard
to the United States and that nuclear
deal the u.s. already pulled out of that
nuclear deal and by the way one other
thing that I wanted to mention about
that I know this is a little bit of a
tangent is that when Trump pulled out of
that nuclear deal he basically did away
with any credibility that modern I'm
sorry moderate Iranians have in the
country right because they're the ones
who pushed for that nuclear deal and so
they have no credibility now the
moderates in Iran have no credibility
this is really bad news for the future
when it comes to that you know the
nuclear program and conflict in the
Middle East look at my position is I
can't can't stand the Iranian leadership
in the government and the mullahs in the
Ayatollah I think the people of Iran
should be free I don't think they have a
real democracy and I support the Iranian
people I do not support the Iranian
government but you have to call it like
it is so I'm not going to lie for our
side by pretending based on these
particular hostilities and in fact
Anna's point is a great one if we want
to encourage the moderate forces that
might go towards a western direction or
more importantly a democratic direction
in Iran well we've done the worst
possible thing we could do in this case
The New Yorker service constantly have
this attitude if we bomb them they will
then want to be liberated by us that's
insanity no if you kill them they'll
want to kill you back and so the
extremists now are turning around right
now in Iran and telling everybody else
we told you you can never trust the West
you can never trust America there are
mortal enemies let's mount up and let's
fight them and that is a propaganda
they're putting together in Iran now and
Donald Trump and Netanyahu made that far
more persuasive and made war far more
likely it is definitely their fault two
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
