we've got a great interview for you guys
today guy you might be familiar with his
name is senator Bernie Sanders joining
us now senator Sanders you have a town
hall coming up on Monday on the issue of
Iran and the deal that we just withdrew
from can you tell us what that's about
Schank it seems to me that in general
the Congress has abdicated its
responsibility to the White House in
terms of wall making responsibilities uh
and as a nation we don't discuss foreign
policy and I am especially concerned
about the reckless nature of this
president I think withdrawing from the
Iran nuclear treaty agreement is a very
dangerous act and I think we need a
serious discussion about the
implications of what that means short
term and long term and we brought
together a panel of folks and we're
gonna livestream that all over the
country and we're gonna be working with
you guys but to try to get the word out
so that people better understand what
Trump's withdrawal from the treaty means
so it's gonna be a seven o'clock Eastern
on Monday night a we're gonna carry down
the Young Turks and and there's gonna be
four great experts on this issue
normally when you do these town halls
you break it up into different segments
what are the different topics you guys
are going to talk about in regards to
Iran in this deal I think this one we're
going to do it a little bit different
way I think what we want to talk about
is an area that I think people know very
little about is the history of modern US
Iranian relationships I wonder and and
what unintended consequences are about
Schenck you know are you have
politicians and presidents throughout
history giving these great bellicose
speeches and their poll numbers go up
all of they're gonna go to war and
they're gonna bring freedom and
democracy to everybody you know we heard
that in terms of the war in Vietnam we
heard that in terms of the war in Iraq
but I think people don't even know that
back in 1953 the United States along
with the British over
a democratically elected prime minister
named Mohammad Mossadegh reinstalled the
Shah of Iran who was a hated despot
which led to the Iranian Revolution the
Islamic Revolution of 79 and the taking
of hostages and all the way to where we
are today so let's get a a sense of
unintended consequences know something
of the history of the region the other
thing and check this is what concerns me
maybe more than anything are you are
seeing a trump providing over a hundred
billion dollars in arms sales through
Saudi Arabia this is a monarchy this is
a autocratic society which treats women
as third-class citizens which has a why
Heba waha B ISM ideology which is
extremist spreading that all over the
world and what I worry about very much
is the United States becoming allied
with Saudi Arabia getting sucked into a
never-ending Shia Sunni battle religious
war in the in the Middle East we have
been as you know in Afghanistan for 17
years we've been in Iraq but 15 years
and I don't want to see us get drawn
into a never-ending war in the Middle
East the United States and our allies
starting hostilities as we did in 1953
and that was a democratically elected
government that we overthrew for the
sake of profits for American and British
oil companies that almost never gets
talked about and and just today we had
iran and israel exchange rocket fire and
that is incredibly dangerous and their
one hour after trump said that he was
going to withdraw from the treaty israel
launched missiles into Syria into
Iranian positions and killed 15
including a turanians so we have this
right-wing axis of the Trump
administration Netanyahu administration
in Saudi Arabia as you correctly point
out
how dangerous is that and how much do
they want to push us in the war add to
that chain can I I think your analysis
is correct I'll add to that the fact
that you have a military-industrial
complex here in the United States uh and
that against my vote we increased
military spending by a hundred and sixty
five billion dollars over a two year
period you add all of those things up
uh and I worry as I said a moment ago
about the United States getting drawn
into just a war that never ends that
costs us lives I mean if you think about
the unintended consequences of what
happened in Iraq the killing not only
the loss of lives of not only thousands
of our own young men and women but
hundreds of thousands of Iraqis the
displacement of millions of people the
civil war in Syria and the irony of all
of that this is what unintended
consequences are about right now Trump's
major enemy in the world is Iran as a
result of Bush's war in Iraq Iran now
has far more political and military
influence in Iran than they ever had
before
that's called unintended consequences
the other thing that we should be very
concerned about is that a agreement was
reached this nuclear agreement are with
Iran not just with the United States it
was reached with six other countries the
p5 plus one and what should be very
concerning to the American people is
Trump's movement to unilateralism rather
than international cooperation whether
it is the Middle East or any other place
in the world what has got to happen is
we need international cooperation we
need the United Nations we need a lot of
diplomacy to resolve these issues and I
worry very much about people who are
very quick to pull the trigger
especially when we're dealing in the
Middle East with Saudi Arabia
and Netanyahu in Israel so let's dive a
little bit more into that let me just
note though that it is both tragic and
amusing that dick the so called genius
Dick Cheney and George Bush couldn't
figure out that Iraq is 60% Shia and
would naturally be aligned with Iran
after the war
that's unbelievable now they complain
about it and and if you like the Iraq
war Iran is four times larger than Iraq
so boy that the trouble we can get
ourselves into is untold but let's talk
about other reasons why Trump might be
motivated to start these hostilities so
on the issue of Saudi Arabia during his
campaign he registered eight properties
in Saudi Arabia so he might literally
have a financial interest in doing the
bidding of the Saudi government and now
basically being led by the Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman who is dead set
against Iran and his attacked Iranian
interests throughout the Middle East and
including the disastrous warrants in
Yemen could it be possible that Trump is
motivated by more than what he perceives
to be national security interest but
more of his own financial interest I
just don't know enough about that I
suppose that at one level you would say
well that is completely crazy how could
a president bring us to war to protect
his own personal financial interests but
with Trump who knows but notwithstanding
that I find it very disturbing that for
many years the United States has seen
its natural ally in that area to be
Saudi Arabia and I think many viewers
have not forgotten where most of the
9/11 terrorists came from now I've not
forgotten that Saudi Arabia is behind of
the funding of Islamic extremist
ideology in schools throughout the world
and that they are an incredibly order
regime you can't you know dissent in
Iraq they exploit foreign workers
ruthlessly and it just disturbs me very
much how many politicians are in our
country and the president seemed
I think that this is a trustworthy Ally
they are not now Iran we have also
serious concerns with about their
behavior in their support for terrorism
but the goal of the United States of
America should be to bring people
together to tell the world we are not
going to fund never-ending Wars that we
use our political influence to say let's
sit down let's work out these very
difficult issues rather than fuel of the
fire there is a responsibility with the
most powerful nation on earth to stress
diplomacy to stress the goals of peace
not just provide arms into the region
and encourage warfare right on the one
hand we have the Saudis as we just
explained with the crown prince and he
claims he's against the Wahhabi ism I
hope that that's true but on the other
end he kidnapped the Lebanese Prime
Minister in which we or the Lebanese
leader in an insane move he imprisoned a
lot of his fellow Prince's and extorted
about a hundred billion dollars from an
imprisoned journalists and and
dissidents insanity Arabia's said on the
other hand that we also have Netanyahu's
government in Israel and and their
support here in the u.s. so this brings
up a really tough issue senator Sanders
because you guys you have people like
Sheldon Adelson now on the one hand I
and and I hope responsible people in
media are a little reluctant to bring
those donors up because of some tropes
that
were using as Jewish Americans in the
past and about funding and getting
certain things that they want and and
that's very understandable on the other
hand Sheldon Adelson has given over 20
million dollars to Donald Trump and then
brags in public about how he got Trump
to move the embassy to Jerusalem and how
he wanted him to rip up the steel so
what do we do with that conundrum
well Chang I mean by the way I don't
know if you noticed that today was in
one of the newspapers today Adelson has
just contributed thirty million dollars
to the House Republicans in which for
him by the way on another subject is is
not a bad investment because his casinos
received hundreds of millions of dollars
in tax breaks as a result of the
Republic
in tax bill but I don't think we have to
look at people's religion on this issue
whether it is you know whoever it may be
are clearly people like Sheldon Adelson
have enormous influence over the
Republican Party over Donald Trump and
it is a nefarious influence Sheldon
Adelson as you may know our funds the
largest newspaper in as Israel which is
basically a an organ for Netanyahu so
you know as somebody who believes very
strongly in the right of Israel to exist
not only exist but exist in peace and
security we have got to differentiate
support from is for Israel from a very
very right-wing government of an
Netanyahu absolutely so of course a
natural question for you is not
hypothetical for later but if you were
president right now what would you do
with this situation in Iran I think you
would sought telling the leaders of
Israel the leaders of Saudi Arabia the
leaders of countries in that area that
we are not going to continue to supply
unending military support that what the
interest of the United States is about
is getting these people to sit down and
work out the very difficulties are not
easy problems they have gone on for a
long time but to make it clear that the
goal of the United States is peace is
diplomacy is not never-ending war you
voted against the sanctions for Russia
North Korea and Iran you were one of
only two votes in the Senate
some of accuse you of saying that you
voted for that or against those
sanctions because of Russia but was it
because of Iran instead precisely
absolutely and that's what I made clear
I support look the role that Russia has
played in our elections was absolutely
unacceptable and I support sanctions
against Russia but when they were lumped
together with Iran that concerned me and
I think I was right in my concerns are
given what has happened since all right
and one more question
about this situation given that Israel
and Iran ik seem to be exchanging
missiles at this moment what do we do
with that situation III know that you
would push for diplomacy but once an
ally starts hostilities we're often
stuck you know you want to support an
ally but at the same time they clearly
started the bombing first so what are
you doing a situation that difficult
well I think what you have got to do is
bring the Security Council together this
is a just an incredibly volatile
situation which could get out of hand
and start a major complication so I
think the role of the United States is
to get the Security Council meeting or
to discuss how we can calm things down
there in the short term as we move
forward longer-term to try to resolve
some of the very significant political
problems in the region and we'll end on
a nice side note here you mentioned one
hundred and sixty five billion dollars
increase in defense spending can you
remind me how much your college for all
program would cost for a year haha
about half oh yeah that's right about
just about that for you yep so there you
go there you go you have the choice of
funding the military industrial complex
or transforming American education and
making sure that every kid in this
country regardless of income can get a
higher education I think we've got to
change national priorities education is
more important than funding weapons of
destruction all right so everybody
Monday 7:00 o'clock Eastern we'll have
it here on TYT dot-com / live senator
Sanders and for the top experts in the
country
this guy discussing the implications of
our withdrawal from the deal with Iran
senator Bernie Sanders thank you so much
for joining us on The Young Turks thank
you take care
you
