hello everybody how you all doing
yeah I'll take was a good answer all
right we're gonna talk about tech civil
rights and politics and not a lot of
time to do that so let's get going they
told me that I should start and then I'm
gonna and then I'm gonna open it up here
I have an interesting controversial
opinion about tech and civil rights and
and what's in the news a lot lately
which is face book and how they're
fringing upon our rights and our privacy
I'm an enormous believer in privacy but
I believe that part of what's happening
there is that the mainstream media is
attacking Facebook for competitive
reasons so be wary of what you hear
about that I think Cambridge analytic is
real I think the Russian interference
was real but it is also being massively
overhype by mainstream media to attack
their competitors Facebook in YouTube
and they're actively going one by one to
all their advertisers and saying
basically is in Facebook and YouTube
terrible should you advertise with us
instead and and they're using their
so-called reporters to do that so that
is among the myriad of issues that we're
going to solve in the next twenty some
odd minutes so Susan I know that you
have an an expansive view of the civil
liberties issues at hand here at being
at the ACLU president boy you guys are
busy so let us know what your point of
view on this is okay my point of view I
there are some tech issues that I think
we'd want to talk about but the ACLU as
you may know works in 14 different areas
of civil rights and civil liberties of
which are concerns about you know what
Facebook is doing and surveillance and
so forth is only one so at the same time
it seems that the Trump administration
also works in 14 areas of civil rights
and civil liberties just in the opposite
direction so since the inauguration we
have brought 138 lawsuits against the
Trump administration ranging from thank
you thank you I hope you're all numbers
card-carrying ah can I see
139 yeah that may have already happened
while we're talking here but you arrange
it from the travel ban to you know trans
people in the military to your
heartbreaking stories about refugees who
are being separated from their small
children because the government is
trying to deter people from coming into
this country as refugees so we have you
know civil liberties concerns across the
board but I want to introduce at the
beginning and this is not just about
tech my greatest concern is the turn to
authoritarianism not only in the United
States but around the world and so the
founder of the ACLU Roger Baldwin said
that no civil liberties battle ever
remains won and we've become accustomed
to seeing the pendulum swing on civil
liberties and my concern is that the
pendulum isn't going to be able to swing
if the pillars of authoritarianism begin
to you know take root here and those are
erosion of free speech you can't
criticize the government demonization of
ethnic groups and immigrants it was
something that all authoritarian regimes
do and finally and perhaps the most
important the distortion of our
democracy so that a minority of people
in this country can actually maintain
control of you know all branches of the
government even though they're a
minority because they've been putting so
many thumbs on the scale and Kant is
part of the issue there but not all the
issue you know there's been so much
going on check is responsible maybe for
looking not looking enough at election
hacking or the algorithms of
gerrymandering but the problem of voter
suppression and the distortion of
democracy I think is enormous so that's
my very brief overview yeah as we all
know Donald Trump has paper-thin skin so
he gets to criticize and insult and
berate everyone else but the minute a
comedian for example Michelle wolf
criticizes him or anyone that works for
him all of a sudden we got to shut it
down we have to shut down the entire
White House Correspondents Dinner we get
you know Washington Post is lobbying for
Amazon we got to shut it down he wants
to shut down everything if you think it
can't happen here just go to any Museum
in your local city there's a great
tolerance Museum in LA where I live and
see what happened in the 1930s in
Germany and it's not that dissimilar the
beginnings are not at all this
similar attack all of your opponents
threatened to lock them up and
eventually lock them up so what we're
facing here is a unique challenge and we
all have to rise to that challenge
so now Andrew you're rising to it in a
different way yes you're running for
president presumably against Trump if he
gets there yeah so but you weren't in
politics before you're not a politician
now we're in business so what on God's
green earth propelled you to do this
well I started an organization called
venture for America which has been here
in New Orleans for six years so I've
been here every year for the last six
years Thank You vfa New Orleans and we
help create thousands of jobs around the
country but my time in these cities made
it clear to me that automation has done
a number has really really blasted a lot
of communities particularly in the
Midwest to a point where they voted for
Trump this past election we automated a
way technology is directly responsible
for Trump's election but not in the way
most people think we automated away four
million manufacturing jobs in Michigan
Ohio Pennsylvania and Wisconsin
essentially his margin for victory
that's why he's our president today it's
driving the political and social
dysfunction and we're about to do the
same thing to truck drivers retail
workers call center workers cashiers
fast-food workers I have many friends in
Silicon Valley and the more they know
the more concerned they are the more
confident they are that artificial
intelligence is quickly getting to a
point where it's going to transform
industries there's still two and a half
million call center workers in the
United States today the day that AI gets
better than the average call center
worker we're going to see that job
category virtually disappear so this is
the greatest challenge right now it's
driving all of our dysfunctional social
issues and political issues it's even
driving in my opinion racism and
misogyny and the way we undo it is by
spreading a mindset of abundance back to
the American people through the freedom
dividend of $1,000 per American adult
per month paid for by a new value-added
tax on the companies that are benefiting
the most from automation so as much as I
appreciate because I went to law school
back in the day I was an attorney for
five months but to me economics drives
everything
like you can't denounce hatred or fix
people's spirits without trying to
remedy the conditions that are causing
the problems in the first place so
Andrew and I went to the same law school
different times and I was an attorney
for seven months so between us we got a
whole year we were qualified together
we'll take legal questions later Susan
you were saying well I wanted to follow
up on what Andrews saying because in
terms of the economic origins of the
problem the problem is that it's far
more difficult than it should be for
Andrew or anybody else to win an
election from the Democratic side
because currently Republicans control
most of the lawmaking regimes in all the
states and they are working as hard as
they can to disenfranchise poor people
and minorities it's after through all
cynical laws you voter ID laws and you
know making it hard to register making
it hard to vote and really deterring
people and their mouths and studies
showing that it's working in Wisconsin
they discouraged here over 11 percent to
people who had voted in the last
election from voting in this
presidential election by just making it
too hard so it seems to me that again I
think caught in a catch-22 it's really
difficult to have regime change when the
current regime is trying to lock in
their power well
59% of Americans today cannot pay an
unexpected $500 bill to me there's a
mindset of scarcity that has taken hold
over the majority of the country and the
only way to combat that is by making it
so they can pay a $500 bill and so we
have two right now in my mind scarcity
is winning about 60/40 in this country
and we need to invert that and we need
to get it back to a mindset of abundance
I've worked with hundreds of
entrepreneurs around the country and we
know that many of you here in this room
resemble this entrepreneurship is born
of a mindset of possibility and
abundance and optimism about the future
and that's out of reach for for more and
more Americans it's unrealistic and we
have to make it realistic again it all
starts there so Andrew
Thank You yang 2020 comm yeah so Andrew
you talked about a couple of issues that
Bernie Sanders talks about but not being
able to survive the $500 which is
amazing by the way because I think that
for a lot of the people in this room
that seems unthinkable yeah yeah that
seems unthinkable that $500 knocks you
out bankrupt you can't that's it you're
done that's six out of ten every
Americans it's that amazing our federal
minimum wage right now is $7.25 you know
what that is per year if you work a full
year $15,000 a year okay so this is
unthinkable and the wages are deeply
suppressed and that is why a rage is
building that I think a lot of people
are unaware of yeah you talk about basic
income Bernie Sanders just introduced
that legislation so are you running to
the left of them well so what I've seen
and I agree with Bernie Sanders on many
many of essential diagnosis of the
problems as much as I'm for the fact
that no American should work and still
be suffering in poverty the reality is
if we were to elevate a minimum wage to
$15 it would just hasten the automation
of many of these jobs fast food for
example pays about $8 an hour if you
push that to $15 you're gonna see a
Total Wipeout of fast-food workers
because the public company CEOs will
take that as their big catalyst to
jettison many many workers so we need to
skip the middleman and just put money
directly into the hands of American
citizens and consumers a basic income of
$1,000 a month would create four and a
half million new jobs and would grow the
economy by two and a half trillion in
perpetuity so if that's the left of
Bernie Sanders then I would agree with
it I actually think Bernie agrees with
the spirit of basic income but he just
hasn't brought himself to a point where
he'll say it out loud so I will say it
out loud we need universal basic income
in this country and I would love it if
Bernie Sanders would just come out and
say the same thing okay well I universe
basically income he just introduced
legislation so mission accomplished
so Susan in a mainstream media we hear
non-stop
he says she said everybody's the same
now Trump is so out of control that
finally they said okay alright he's a
little different right but they will
normally say the Republicans and
Democrats are say this and say that
they're equal in terms of civil rights
which is of course your forte and your
organisation's forte is that true or is
one party more likely to take away your
civil rights than the other but the ACLU
is nonpartisan but I actually have to
say it's hard to know what it means to
be nonpartisan these days when the
occupant of the White House is a major
threat to almost all of our civil
liberties so this to me is not about
party and you know who's whose civil
liberties use the line with ours but I
think that you we also are doing some
work on elections for the first time
we're going to be active in connection
with the midterm elections by trying to
educate everybody about the policies the
Civil Liberties policies of all
candidates for all different races
Republicans Democrats judges you know
whoever and what we're hoping to do is
to get people who care about civil
liberties to inform themselves and then
really turn out the vote for whichever
of the candidates is a pro civil
liberties candidate yeah I think part of
the problem what you're describing jank
is that the mainstream media you have
all their points of view but I think the
problem is that there's almost
everyone's in their own echo chamber
yeah either you're watching Fox News Fox
News or you're watching MSNBC or CNN and
people are just hearing different things
so you know if we if we were still in
the world where we all got our news from
Walter Cronkite or the New York Times
that we could be arguing about is Walter
Cronkite properly balanced that would
matter a whole lot more than I think it
does now I think we have you know at
these sort of shadow government's and
Facebook and other places that are
distorting our speech and distorting the
marketplace of ideas right and so to
Susan's point earlier on taking away
voting rights for example Kris Kobach
caught got caught with his hand in the
cookie jar by by a judge he's the
Secretary of State for Kansas and they
disenfranchise over 18,000 voters in
just one area of Kansas and and not
allowed them to get their voter ID like
they were supposed to when they're
registering for their driver's license
and she asked okay well then how many
people did voter fraud that you're
dissing
franchising 18,000 people and you'd like
to do it to hundreds of thousands maybe
millions of people in Kansas and the
evidence they presented was three people
over 12 years in Kansas yeah it is a
non-existent problem that's why there is
when you hear false equivalency from the
mainstream media don't believe the
height the Republicans do want to
suppress the vote that is their goal
voter fraud is largely a myth and almost
always done by the Republicans so and
sometimes the facts are quote-unquote
partisan because that is a fact that's
an absolute fact and a judge held them
in contempt of court
so look the most important thing whether
we're talking about tech politics and
civil rights is get educated on it if
you find out the real issues and where
people stand on it I think that you're
and the parties and the individuals
you'll be in way better shape
well Andrew I want to look I wanted to
ask you about a specific issue that's
going to be very relevant to you in your
run because when you look at all the
issues my thesis is that the number one
issue is money in politics yeah yeah
yeah we have legalized corruption it's
we used to call a bribery but now it's
called a campaign contribution or an
independent expenditure I believe that
America unfortunately has become perhaps
the most corrupt nation on earth because
in other countries it's still illegal to
bribe people and you could get caught
and there could be consequences
here we've legalized bribery and and
made it systemic so Andrew I assume you
don't have millions of dollars or
billions of dollars in your back pocket
so how in the world would you compete in
a world where bribery is allowed and
they could just give literally billions
of dollars to your opponents you know
that that's a fun thing about this
campaign where I and I show people on my
phone where I get donations five dollars
from an unemployed guy in Montana 20
dollars from a student in Florida 12
dollars from a housewife in Minnesota I
get them every day and it's incredibly
empowering and invigorating gets me and
Zach and the rest of my team charged up
so the campaign does grow
by leaps and bounds every day how many
of you all are for yang 2020 yes
excellent so every day more and more
people come and it's the same way
burning through his campaign what was
the average contribution $27 yes so we
still live in a democracy we can still
make universal basic income a reality if
enough of us band together and say this
is what we want as a people and our
campaigns demonstrating that there is
still a place for the citizens voice in
democracy here in 2018 and 2020 but if I
could add to that it seems to me you
your Anders talking about results that
we'd like to reach and the question is
still how in the world you get there
so one answer is to try to get around
you know the money in politics table I
would love to see public financing of
elections so that it wouldn't have to
depend on how much money you have about
the financing okay so how do you get
there I keep coming back to the fact
that there are all these thumbs on the
scale now and no matter what a majority
of people even if you could convince the
majority people in the country to agree
that they want everything you couldn't
get elected without a supermajority
because of the electoral college and the
gerrymandering in the statutes so let me
give you something that you can all do
the ACLU has a community organizing
program now called people power so look
at the ACLU website people power and our
current campaign is called let people
vote and we have strategies designed for
each state where you can actually work
with a whole lot of other volunteers I'm
trying to improve access to democracy so
whatever results you think we should
have or you want to vote for you'll be
able to and you can have a majority of
people who actually would cause a
victory but I I agree with you the
citizens united is destroying our
democracy we need to get money out of
politics as fast as possible and as
president I would push for a
constitutional amendment to make that
happen because we need to restore a
sense of functionality to our government
it's it's going to destroy us if we
don't get it together
see we're an action panel we've now
Andrews giving you a way to to get
involved so Susan I'll give you one too
so I start a group called Wolfpack
and their sole mission is to get an
amendment to get money out of politics
yes so wolf dash pack.com so wolf dash
pack.com the two main things there is
you have to
and the private financing of Elections
everybody knows that if you do private
financing the politicians will serve
private interests they're not giving
that money for their health on the tax
holiday in 2004 corporations that gave
to politicians got at twenty four
thousand percent rate of return on their
investments their investments were our
representatives so you've got to end the
private financing and you public
financing as Susan pointed out here and
number two this absurdity that
corporations are people raise your hand
if you think a corporation is a human
being let the record note MIT no one
raiser I've asked this in front of I
don't know tens of thousands of people
no one has ever raised their hand it's
preposterous they do not have
constitutional rights they are not
endowed by their creator with
inalienable rights we're their Creator
and we need to take our government back
from the monsters that we have created
man may I raise my hand to make one
final point I'm going to do with Q&A at
2:30 so if anybody wants to know about
the ACLU 13 other areas I'd be happy to
see you there at the Q&A so make sure
you check that out I'll be back at
center stage at 4 o'clock we're going to
talk about jobs Andrew you mentioned
that and that was powerful and and we're
going to talk more about how tech is
affecting that more on automation so I
hope you guys can come back you've been
a great audience
thank you so much guys really really
appreciated
