hi guys for some of you welcome back I
was on here earlier
I understand Al Gore's gonna be next but
I know you're here for us so I'm a
moderator and a participant in this
panel but unlike last time I'm gonna go
last let's start out broad Liz let me
start out with you what is the future of
work solve it for us go in 30 seconds or
less right first of all I just want to
say thank you for being here this
afternoon
still at four o'clock and the Federation
of unions called the afl-cio represents
55 different unions and all sectors of
the economy and hopefully people know
what unions are since I can't take that
for granted anymore but essentially
people coming together collectively to
make change in their workplace we it's
International Workers day today May Day
so it's Labor Day throughout the world
so retweet but it is you know the state
of the economy today is troublesome in
terms of the work picture we're seeing
and the labor movement really is here to
talk about what will the impact be of
technology going forward in the future
what will work be like will it be good
jobs that have good high standards and
decent pay or will it be a spiral down
to a low wage low road future and we
would like to see the former right we
want to see these be good jobs so we
think that there is the ability to
embrace change embrace technology and
help workers ladder up and take
advantage of multiple career pathways to
good jobs and we want to be a part of
that future all right great
l well I'm cautiously optimistic on how
the future looks but it definitely looks
very different from how the world looks
today and I think we can take some
guesses of what the future is gonna look
like but as you know if anybody has read
the singularity and kind of those
concepts the whole idea is that things
are gonna start to change so fast that
we won't be able to recognize how it
looks so I think some of those trends
that that we see at play there's the
obvious ones such as automation and jobs
being replaced then there is really
positive things like people
being able to start in their careers as
early as h7 I started programming when I
was 7 and grew up to be a programmer and
I feel that I got more education growing
up than I did probably afterwards in
college and today that's the reality for
most kids growing up whether they're you
know creating content and putting it on
YouTube whether they're programming or
creating something like that that didn't
used to be possible right so I think
that the future is gonna look very
different but potentially bright yeah
well so let me chip into the things that
you guys said so first of all it is May
Day and Liz told you to tweet about it
so little note of cautions don't go
around tweeting Mayday Mayday at the
collision conference so that's a little
different hey it's the other Mayday
anyway in all seriousness the the change
is moving so fast Allen's point and and
but sometimes it moves so fast that we
don't even notice it
so I keep thinking when is the whole
world gonna change we was supposed to
change already and then I realized when
I used to do research when I was a kid I
would have to go to this thing called a
library and to look up things called
books and we had a Dewey Decimal System
and if I want to look at bold articles I
use something called microfiche and so a
lot of you probably don't even remember
what microfiche is so now we have all of
the world's information at our disposal
in our pockets in our phones so the
world has already changed there's so
many ways and yet we're still here and
most of us still have jobs
so sometimes panic is right like right
before an economic crash but oftentimes
it's not but to me right now
what I'm most concerned about is wages
so unemployment is pretty low so credit
where credit is due both to Obama and a
little bit to trump in this era as he's
continued that's the last time I'll say
anything nice about Trump but but we
have two problems one is not a lot of
people participating in the economy and
and and and in the workforce and then
wages are way
too low and and so I think that that's
an underrepresented problem because not
a lot of people on television have that
problem well the opposite issue that
their wages are incredibly high they're
almost all millionaires they're really
hard to relate to regular folks out
there in the middle of the country so
that I'm just noting that as as the
issue I see going into the future and I
don't not positive how it's gonna get
resolved but Liz let me now bring that
back to you
so what can we do about the fact that
wages are this low so it federal minimum
wage is $7.25 for a full year of work
that's $15,000 etc how do we get that
back up how do we get it into the
spotlight as an issue to fix well
there's been a lot of talk about
inequality and in fact there was a panel
I think one or two before us that talked
about technology's role does it create
greater inequality or more opportunity
or both right and I think the point is
that we have choices that we can make
now to invest wisely make the decisions
that we need to make to ensure that the
future does look bright and we want to
see that those policy decisions being
made now so that we avoid catastrophe in
the future because there is a lot of
fear out there are we gonna be
displacing people in vast numbers we
think it probably won't be as quick as
some say but yes there will be
disruption right as as AI comes in as
you know tasks become more automatable
but we think that if we're prepared and
we make the right choices that we can
prepare workers for the future and
inequality is not unavoidable like the
weather like oh whoops inequality it's
based on the decisions that we make the
people we elect the choices that we have
in front of us and we think one of the
remedies one of the solutions is
collective action and unions of course
right having a voice in the workplace
giving workers more bargaining power to
come together and tip the scales in a
more fair direction and we would argue
that inequality is why
because unions have been declining only
7% of the private sector workforce now
belongs to unions and you see where
there are unions there are higher wages
there's less pay gap and disparity more
fair treatment so we think that's a good
model to use for the future what did
that number used to be for you know we
were closer to 30% you know and we
started to see the scales tip in the 70s
and there's a famous economic graph
where you see productivity and wages and
I'm sure you're familiar with this and
they used to track together and then in
the 70s there was almost like now an
alligator mouth right where productivity
continues to go up and wages have been
declining and or stagnant for over 30
years so I call that my favorite chart
yeah it's not a good chart right but
it's it's my favorite in terms of
explaining the problem and if you've
never seen it you should definitely
check it out and here's two stunning
facts about that so by the way American
workers congratulations you are
incredibly productive and that
productivity has maintained itself
through all of these years and all the
decades but in the 1970s you're 78 I
believe it's really the beginning is
when your wages sort of flatlining and
the difference between your productivity
and your wages is about 12 trillion
dollars in that alligator mouth and so
that's the 12 trillion dollars that was
captured basically by multinational
corporations that rigged the rules on
behalf of themselves by donating to
politicians so the Supreme Court made a
couple of decisions in 76 and 78 that
said corporations are human beings and
have speech rights and money is speech
and they inundated our politics and they
captured our government and so now
here's the more stunning fact for
average for every American on average
that difference between their
productivity and their wages is it would
have been $17,000 per year so if your
wages had actually kept up with your
productivity
each one of you on average would make
$17,000 more per year that's stunning
that's a giant giant number I call that
the great American robbery first you got
robbed of your democracy then you got
robbed of your wages and that's what's
happening right now we have to find a
way to raise wages and if we're not
gonna do it through policy tools like
raising the minimum wage then we have to
do it collectively and we're seeing that
now in places like West Virginia and
Arizona where teachers are coming out
we're seeing people starting to say
enough is enough
yeah but let's look at this problem
realistically so the problem here is
twofold right is well the first problem
is that wages aren't going up but the
increase in productivity and a potential
gap there speaks to greater efficiency
of that of the human 550 so we've got
computers automation these things coming
out so we're not saying that these
things are bad we're saying that people
should be able to partake in that and
looking at it from kind of when when
hired started we came at it from a very
different angle because we're focusing
specifically on software engineers that
work at companies like Google at
Facebook at top startups so these are
the people that have no trouble getting
jobs and for them the challenge that
we've always heard and that we've dealt
with as founders is that we just keep
going up so you're looking at this and
in Silicon Valley and you're saying
engineers are overpaid and every year
they're getting paid more and more and
what what exists is there is this
opportunity gap where you have even with
software news you have people looking
for jobs and you have unfilled jobs and
both of those numbers are going up how
is that possible when you have unfilled
software engineers jobs and not you know
uneducated but actually educated
software engineers being unable to fill
fill those jobs and what basically
happens is that at the high end you have
a really really high dynamic range of
talent where the best engineers are able
to produce magnets orders of magnitudes
more from kind of a Productivity
perspective and so that's where you're
seeing effectively that split starting
to happen and as more and more of human
production chance shifts from service
work and from industrial work into
intellectual work you you'll start to
see more and more of those gaps so I
don't know what the solution is but I
feel like it's not something where we
can ever get to
flattening those two lines will not come
together unless we lose the the
productivity gains that we've gained
yeah so I think there's a lot of good
news in the future as well and and the
tech has made a giant difference it's
gotten rid of a lot of the gatekeepers
so we would not have been able to do the
young turks before because it would have
required starting a multi-billion dollar
corporation to get on television but we
got rid of the gatekeepers through the
internet and put it on YouTube Facebook
etc and and now
you know we get 200 million views a
month and we get our message out so
there's wonderful so and we've hired a
hundred people and so we've added to the
labor force but Alan I want to stay with
you for a second Automation is coming
and it will wipe out a lot of jobs yeah
so what do we do about that and there's
going to be a great discontent in the
country so I have a I have a utopian
view on it and just follow me for a
second I'm gonna kind of get a little
bit outside of New Orleans for a second
but I think a few of you have heard of
this event called Burning Man that it's
a festival that happens once a year in
the desert so I've been a big fan I've
been going to the for about 10 years and
what's interesting about Burning Man is
that there is no money you can't buy or
sell anything and 80,000 people come to
the desert and they build over a
thousand bars hundreds of dance floors
and they do all these things for free
for the enjoyment of others and so for
me it gives you an idea of what society
could look like if you have abundance
now at Burning Man it's fake abundance
its external abundance because people
bring everything with them but what
happens is that you have a need of
consumers because DJ's don't want to
plate an empty room if I built a piece
of art or a bar I want somebody to see
it and so in this community whether it
looks like in the future like basic
income or however it might look for
human civilization we're not going to
need just creators we're going to need a
lot of consumers so the creators can
have the things that they create be
enjoyed another thing that you have is
you have a lot of artists you have
creators of all sorts basically doing
the things that they love purely because
they're they like doing it not because
they have to do it to survive right so
what happens to this is that the quality
of everything that gets created gets
elevated because it comes from the souls
comes from the heart so my utopian
of the futures if we do get to
technological abundance then you can be
a creator or a consumer either ones okay
and we can go after it and chase our
dreams in whatever way we want so
everything is free you sure that's not
called Bernie man you have to be able to
have money in your pocket not in the
Burning Man scenario right in our
economy today it's a consumer driven
economy and if we don't have people
making enough money to actually purchase
the goods the technology that's created
or you know to be able to go to a
restaurant or you know keep the kana me
moving it falters and we've seen that
right what happens when people aren't
able to make it to put food on the table
for their families they're working two
and three jobs just to get by we need to
make sure that the wages are high enough
to ensure the success Semitic the
virtuous cycle continues right but Liz
that's what I'm worried about I mean
when you have truckers jobs being wiped
out all across the country with
automated driving and you have the call
centers wiped out with artificial
intelligence that's a lot of jobs that
are wiped out it's so it's hard to
remain optimistic about a utopian future
when we're a little worried especially
given the times right about a dystopian
future sorry I was just gonna say and
this is where the training and workforce
and skills building comes and the labor
movement has great examples where we
come together with a private sector to
actually invest in ways for people to
ladder up into better jobs so that
you're starting out as the person
carrying the water at Burning Man right
and then you're actually moving up into
carpentry or right you know so that
you're actually making sure you're
building your skills constantly learning
for the new jobs that'll be emerging in
the future and we have great models
through apprenticeship and partnerships
in the in the private sector that we can
actually build on and modernize yeah
and I think Reid trainings are a huge
opportunity but also looking at it
realistically it's something that can
take generations so one of the topics we
were thinking of potentially touching on
is sort of universal basic income and
what I wanted to say in that regard is
when we look at some European countries
that I think are ahead of us in terms of
sort of the social safety
there is two key things that play into
it and it's basically free medicine and
free education and that's free education
that is essentially the solution where
if I cannot be retrained within my
lifetime I want to provide a better
education for my children's because the
the things that they're going to need to
learn are gonna continue to change so I
think that if we give these two things
right
then then the system starts to work
those are the investments we're talking
about right if we're gonna be creating
so much wealth and so much productivity
with all this new technology we can
choose how we want to invest that do we
want to keep it in the hands of a small
group of people like it's starting to
look today or do we want to invest in
infrastructure education and healthcare
and make sure that you know everyone has
access to that in a shared prosperity
kind of environment yeah you know I'm a
capitalist and I believe that the
government shouldn't build sneakers or
make hamburgers but I believe in the
American Dream and so I think the
government needs to do things that at
least gives every citizen an equality of
opportunity yeah not results but
opportunity and health care is
absolutely critical because you don't
have much opportunity if you're dead
ma'am and and so right now we do have
death panels they're called health
insurance companies and and that's not
the right way to run things and it is
enormous ly expensive we pay twice as
much as Canada and get worse results but
but even as important is education if we
don't have equality of opportunity that
our kids are screwed and and a lot of
those blue-collar jobs are going away
and so we must provide an education for
all kids if they earn their way to
college we've got to give them a chance
otherwise we're robbing the next
generation of the American dream so Liz
before we go I gotta ask you before we
even wrap up some of these folks have
companies smaller companies midsize
companies and so I know what some of
them are thinking why shouldn't they be
scared of you in terms of organizing
their workforce etc well I think there's
a stereotype about unions that you know
we're thugs and that were resistant to
change
and I love being called a union thug by
the way don't look very thuggish
actually we're very solutions driven and
we see things in the workplace that can
actually add value and bring efficiency
and productivity that sometimes you
might not even see and so that was what
I would put a plug in for is looking at
it as a partnership opportunity that
having worker voice like the new media
companies are doing you know salon calm
and Huffington Post etc they know their
job is gonna change it's very dynamic
well let's use our collective voice to
come together and figure out what kind
of value we can bring both to the
company but also for workers who might
fear that their jobs going to go away in
two years maybe severance packages are
important to them maybe having family
leave or using their collective voice to
leverage you know social change so
unions are becoming more modern and
reinventing themselves for the emerging
economy so it's they don't fear embrace
and look for ways that we can partner
and bring a worker perspective and a
worker voice into the future of work by
the way in Germany half the boards of
the companies are labor and it provides
much more stability and so they have
great economic growth with pretty deep
stability which in America we've got a
lot of instability for a lot of
different reasons but interesting one to
grow on
so let's do summaries Alan I'll just
leave you guys with one last closing
remark thank you for what you said Liz I
think that that was very very thoughtful
I did the only last thing that I wanted
to add was that today while we're having
less opportunities and some traditional
jobs
the diversity of opportunities is bigger
than ever there are roles that you can
start to develop yourself towards that
just did not exist even ten years ago so
one of the other things that we have
today is that we do truly have free
education with things like Wikipedia and
the rich resources available on the
internet so I would encourage people
that feel like they are you know it
trapped in an opportunity that they
don't enjoy or not doing the job that
they love to kind of go outside of of
what is immediately in front of you and
to just explore because the world now is
is very open for that Liz and I know
we're out of time but I would just say
that we do as I said in the
have choices that we can make to make
that utopian future you speak of and to
think about the working people that were
impacting and I've been thinking about
this as I've walked around this hall
even you think about the security guards
that are Lenny who is at that curtain
over there you know the folks who are
doing food service you know in our
hotels who housekeepers who are changing
out your rooms and you know working for
minimum wage beekeeping those people in
mind because their work makes our work
possible and they deserve to be fairly
compensated and to be able to provide
for their families thank you thank you
and my quick summary is that be the
change it makes all the difference so if
we want to have more workforce
participation you participate build a
company hire people and together we can
make all the difference in the world
up next two guys being at work that I
used to work with their current TV Al
Gore I believe is coming up so thank you
so much for attending guys and thank you
guys for the wonderful panel thank you
and thank you the workers out there yes
Thank You Lenny
