we have a hot new report out in the Matt
Lauer sexual misconduct investigation it
quote has found no evidence that NBC
News executives or senior management
knew of any misconduct by Today Show
Matt Lauer prior to complaint in
November of inappropriate behavior with
a female colleague that led to his
firing further they say that the report
also determined that there isn't
believed to be a systemic culture of
inappropriate behavior in sexual
harassment and NBC News and who's behind
this hard-hitting report that exonerates
pretty much everyone in NBC news of
misconduct or negligence
well the internal probe was conducted by
ensign NBC Universal General Counsel Kim
Harris fantastic fascinating read to see
the way that they say that essentially
none of the executives were had any
lapses in judgment or reasoning they
interviewed 68 current and former NBC
News leaders none of the four victims
that came out against Matt Lauer at the
time reported the incidents to their
superiors do you think this lets NBC off
the hook what are you doing
isn't this like obvious to everyone of
course they were scared to go up and say
this powerful guy who makes so much
money bring so much money in is doing
this thing I mean let's go a little bit
before the me2 movement and maybe even
during the movement which is you have to
be a little scared that your job is at
stake if you do something like this and
of course the NBC investigation team
found that NBC was innocent yeah that's
get someone else to do it it's so weird
that they think I get understand when
you read these things you just have to
read all the apology moments and the
damage control statements extra hard to
find out what exactly is going on I
understand that maybe it is in the best
interest of the general counsel of NBC
Universal to launch some kind of
investigation but at the same time
doesn't it seem weird that like it's
there in their personal investigation
and they say no one had all these
problems and what do you think yeah I
mean I I totally agree with Kim
the fact that very vulnerable people who
are inferior to Matt Lauer and all these
executives like the idea that they would
come forward when there wasn't a culture
or climate that encouraged women to come
forward where they would get some sort
of response that would honor the fact
that they were taking a really big risk
talking about their sexual assault so
I'm again not surprised that they didn't
go report to surprise that they just
exonerated as you said exonerated
themselves of a whole culture of
harassment they're like we basically
don't do harassment at all it just reads
like oh I have to cover myself in case I
get in trouble I'm scared for myself
they didn't appear to do anything right
novel at all here yes a number of
individuals interviewed said that Lauer
could be flirtatious would interview
would frequently make jokes some with
sexual overtones and openly engage in
sexually oriented banter in the
workplace and this is in the report
right and they said that he would desist
if there was lack of interest it's so
like clearly he didn't do anything and
so what was hilarious about this to me
is that I've taken Human Resources
training as just a TA a University of
Southern California and you go through
this like simulated whole
computer-generated training and that
clearly is something we're not allowed
to gauge in engaging which is sexual
jokes or sexual sexual situations if at
all and then the the other thing which
was interesting is that they said that
they went through Matt Lauer's text
messages and then they added this little
sentence that well we do admit that he
could have erased the face after the
fact - so again I don't think this is a
thorough investigation clearly because
it comes from the inside and - because
then what would they do if they did find
something what would have been the like
collective response right there's all
these weird details like they said that
the way it had been set up is that the
offices of the HR representatives are
in the bullpen essentially in the air
there glass-walled offices so if you go
in and talk to HR first of all it's a
check it had been HR within NBC News
everyone sees you go in and sit down and
then you know that that's the case and
you know that there's got to be some I
mean anyone who works in the office
knows that there's gossip around the
office you know that's getting out
immediately and there's this fear that
if you say anything they're gonna look
at you and then they're gonna look at
Matt Lauer who you've already been in
meetings with where he says that's not
sure and then you have to ignore him
like what that's the kind of advice that
Cesar Millan gives about bad behaviors
from dogs like me what that's not a dog
he he is responsible for his own actions
yeah it's like saying oh none of these
women didn't this impossible set up we
put up for them this circuitous obstacle
course of possibly getting fired or
ostracized by the office and then
there's this I mean the the phrase
there's no evidence that anyone knew
mm-hmm that's a funny phrase because you
know I'm sure people talked around the
office or maybe someone mentions maybe
another executive mentioned something
they heard to another executive I highly
doubt this is completely a new concept
to them altogether yeah they said there
will be some changes however so those
are up those are positive developments
out of this that I can tell you they
said that there's gonna be a new team of
employee counselors who operate
separately from the NBC News bullpen
that are working with like the NBC
Universal family who ostensibly would
benefit from knowing this kind of stuff
ahead of time especially since we have
all done a very good job of raising
awareness it through the me2 movement
that this stuff does not fly people as
big as Matt Lauer when they do things
like this can fall and they're trying to
do in the future so the NBC Universal
Eagle team will provide better
confidentiality according to this report
they say also more attention will be
paid to workplace be
the environment inside the unit as well
as more training sessions those training
sessions work I just like tap tap
I mean I remember them clearly I
remember the content around it and I
remember the very strange animation that
they have as part of it
what was the animation like cartoon yes
my racers yeah cartoon sexual harassment
just simulations of what would you do
would you tag this as a sexual
harassment violate like right right is
this an incidence of sexual harassment
is this okay I mean for me it was kind
of obvious stuff being a woman what
flies and doesn't fly but they did make
things very explicit in terms of the
lines between you and students and other
staff members at the University so yeah
I don't yeah I don't know how this flies
all right well Matt Lauer still is not
working at NBC right now so there's that
also no developments in that area and I
think that's a good thing two easy ways
for Young Turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
