Bob Marley's granddaughter got an air
B&B in Rialto California when she went
to go see a music festival out there it
is a Southern California town and her
name's danisha Pendergrast and when she
checked out as soon as they started
bringing their bags out of the Airbnb to
the car to leave to to go back home
the police showed up and one of her
companions whose name is Kells Fife
Marshall posted a video here's some
photos of the incident we do have a
video of the incident as it went down
let's take a look can't leave pulled out
of the car
I don't do Instagram life but the police
are like breaking into the house and
taking luggage and stuff it's possible
but you guys are all trained
investigators we're doing it we're doing
it good it doesn't happen as fast as you
guys come up with the ideas though okay
that's what we're trying to see and you
guys are gonna feel so sorry there were
more photos of the incident which we
have but here's a little bit of what was
posted on the Facebook of one of the
people who was there she said a neighbor
across the street saw three black people
packing luggage into their car and
assumed we were stealing from the house
she then called the police at first we
joked about the misunderstanding and
took photos and videos along the way
about 20 minutes into this
misunderstanding it escalated almost
instantly they said there was a
helicopter they locked down the
neighborhood what do you guys think
seven police cars and a helicopter there
is no way that standard operating
procedure I don't buy it I mean there
were these different statements coming
out later about all we were just doing
our jobs we don't know what Airbnb is
this is like the way we normally
thinks there's no way this is the normal
way to handle things yeah yeah I think
this incident is illustrious is lustre
ative I wrote down the word and I still
misspelled misspoke it of two things one
is the excessive response from law
enforcement because I've seen that but
also married to a widespread culture of
anti blackness that not only seeps
through law enforcement but also to the
neighbor who was the one who called the
police I don't are we getting into that
oh yeah absolutely we can't hate the
neighbor did caught who was the one who
called the police right right and there
have been episodes on television about
this like this is us about the black
character taking his father to each
neighbor so people knew that he wasn't
somebody that was strange in the
neighborhood and so this is this is why
black folks have to do this and I've
heard also from people who use like the
next door app that they've seen crazy
things posted about a black man walking
around yeah yeah I live in the South Bay
of Los Angeles which is it I mean it is
super white it's like it's it's like
really athletic beautiful white people
all around and I wonder where my wife
wanted to move there it's just cuz
everyone's so goddamn gorgeous anyways
but uh then I'm on the next door app
which freaks me out in general because
you're just telling everyone where you
live and what's going on in the
neighborhood but it is so much like
there is a man yeah walking around in a
hood he looks suspicious and then you
walk you like look out the door and you
see oh they're just saying that there is
a black person in the neighborhood and I
will say that in in neighborhood I've
lived in all kinds of neighborhoods but
like the ones that are spectacularly
like insanely white that have been so
little going on the the response is
always disproportionate when it's a
person of color and there's just so many
cops that have nothing to do okay now I
think these cops hear the clips I have
of them talking they seem more
frustrated with the process that they
have to go do then through they anything
else a helicopter though I don't know
and that's the thing is is in these
situations it seems like everyone always
hides behind
this procedure when it seems like there
are intuitive things everyone can do
when they look around and go oh you guys
the cop who who was in charge of the
situation essentially said I don't know
what Airbnb is and then made them pull
up their receipts their confirmations
and even when that happened the person
was so unfamiliar with Airbnb that he
just said like saw these was like I need
to bring the neighbor over to make sure
this is what the owner looks like and is
named on the confirmation I don't know
if you're gonna get to the owner
so go ahead did you have any job okay so
the owner of the house is Marie
Hernandez and she has said some things
that I don't think really gel either she
she kind of supports her neighbor who
was across the street and called the
police on them she said later that if
the kids had simply smiled at my
neighbor and waved back and acknowledged
her and said we're just air B&B guests
checking out none of this would have
happened but instead they were rude
unkind not polite okay listen
they don't owe anyone a smile or a wave
or some kind of token to show that hey
I'm acceptable I deserve to be here
right you know and if that's what it
takes
that's a stupid barrier I could anyone
can smile right and I don't think that I
don't believe that I don't believe that
they they wanted just a smile in the way
right what I mean literally what
corroborates this is that the police has
heard on tape saying three black people
stealing stuff mhm
so they already identity tagged the
situation and then on top of that they
made a really ridiculous egregious
assumption that they're stealing because
they're bringing out their luggage after
they're done using their Airbnb spots
I've never brought anyone but I sure as
hell wouldn't use luggage right
so I think when I got robbed someone did
take my backpack and put all my stuff in
it and left with it
I'm just I'm okay yeah but but like a
luggage is much more conspicuous but
like yes yes I think that is a little
bit past the original things that's all
right right in our life
very obvious well I just want to also
mention first of all I heard you say
this in the hallway this is America I
wish we had a clip of Childish Gambino's
video because we could just play it in
and seamlessly looks like a very similar
situation but also the response from
Rodriguez which was the host was that
this is a very diverse neighborhood it's
not all white people so I don't know why
she's leaning on this race card
situation come on you know this is the
the thing this is what people have to
understand you don't have to be in a
white dominant neighborhood for anti
blackness to exist and for law
enforcement to have more of a predatory
presence in that neighborhood either
right I mean just to say like oh there
were lots of non-white people how could
we possibly have any prejudice against
black people it doesn't make sense but
there's a step in the middle I don't it
does that doesn't make any sense how
many times do we have to see black
people just living their lives being
normal and everyone else around them
freaking out and accusing them of things
that they were never doing and calling
the police I mean we have this coming
after the Starbucks incident and right a
man just standing in his own backyard or
sitting in a car at Walmart it's it's
insane this is America Waffle House's as
well getting rustled up and really
overdressed elastic spoon right and I
just I just want to throw a historians
tip there's a really great book on this
called condemnation of blackness by
Kahlil Gibran Muhammad and it goes over
like a century's long history of how
black people got to be criminalized for
just driving walking or existing in
America yeah yeah Airbnb is just such a
specific instance of something much
larger that's happening I very much
agree with that and Airbnb made
statements about it they said Airbnb
suggests considering whether you should
notify your neighbors about your plans
to host along with your plan for how to
make sure your guests are not disruptive
they did say what happens to our guest
is unconscionable and a reminder of how
far we still have to go as a society
I think I have they are there are two
things that are happening here one is
the obvious like racist overtones and
the things that we report on the show
all the time from like severe egregious
obvious life-and-death instances of
racial profiling and discrimination to
things like I was just carrying my bags
out of my air B&B and I now have been
caught up by the police for 20 minutes
an hour and this is a really terrifying
situation that is all the same problem
and can also end up in a fatal situation
yeah who knows I mean the police they
did release eventually there was
discussion of whether they were going to
ever release the body cam video they did
do that we watched it it seems similar
in tone and tenor to what we did see
from directed by Kells Instagram or
Facebook video and it's just it's just a
really just like a little slice of
American life two easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you are
notified of our videos
you
