Donald Trump promised during the
election he was going to reverse Barack
Obama's war on coal but it turns out
that it's going to be tough to save coal
because in the end it's looking less
like coal is being attacked and more
like it's dying of natural causes it's
infected by some sort of coal e diabetis
and so it's gonna be hard to suddenly
have millions more coal jobs and the
reason I'm saying this is a number of
different energy and industry analysts I
recently came together and they're
trying to understand what the energy
landscape is going to be in the near
future because there's obviously huge
amounts of money in that if the money
was on future coal production and new
coal facilities new coal-fired plants
and all of that that's where they're
gonna put their money because they wants
to get rich but it turns out that they
think that not only are there not going
to be a lot of new production of that
form of particularly dirty energy we're
actually going to be retiring a lot of
it one analyst Joe ROM said that over
the next decade 73 gigawatts of coal
will be retired that's one-quarter of
the current US coal capacity and we read
his analysis he was actually one of the
most conservative actually think that
was the author of the article Bruce
Hamilton director and Navigant
Consulting energy practices they want to
do the analysis other analysts were
saying they think up to a third of all
of the coal-fired energy production over
the next decade or so is going to be
retired and the reason is simple because
it is increasingly more and more true
every year that it's simply cheaper to
use unfortunately things like natural
gas which are also dirty non renewable
forms of energy but things like solar
and wind and other forms of clean
renewable energy and that gap between
them and coal is only getting worse for
coal sebaceans not that this is because
of the president the issue is that the
president made a huge statement that
cannot possibly come true it's like I
it's just like walking him walking into
a supermarket and like saying we're
gonna hire 500 new cashiers
while standing in the self-checkout
aisle it's not gonna happen
yeah yeah orcs we're gonna hire 500 new
cashiers and a person's watch another
computer and then they put something in
their Amazon basket
which is me actually um yeah it's just
it's really tough I mean I'm sorry for
coal but apparently solar and wind
provided 98 percent of all new do u.s.
power capacity in January and February
according to the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission people are not
building new coal plants I wish that it
was because it is suicidal for Humanity
it turns out it's just because
economically feasible I'll take it all
right take what you can go take it I
mean I would prefer that a good portion
if it was not being replaced with
natural gas but more and more it is
going to be solar and it's gonna be wind
and it's gonna be geothermal and wave
and all of these other forms of
renewable energy and that is certainly a
good thing
and unfortunately Donald Trump's
disconnect with a reality it's not just
a thing where he doesn't know what's
going on behind his back he
unfortunately does have some influence
not necessarily to save coal but to make
it harder for clean energy so we
reported heavily a few months back when
he announced that he was going to be
instituting new I believe it was 20 to
30% tariffs on solar cells we get
imported into the u.s. so that is going
to artificially help out coal for a bit
by reducing the comparative advantage of
solar but in the end that's the
direction we're moving in and what we
should be doing is subsidizing and
that's what we had under Barack Obama
and unfortunately Donald Trump is so
eager to erase every legacy of Barack
Obama but even the stuff like this
that's very helpful is also getting
caught when it's coal gonna pull itself
up by its bootstraps I mean this this
will sing itself out of that mind this
way so coal is just you know it's
outrageous and I think is this is where
the split of Americans and belief
systems always go the thought process is
the people that believe in solar and
wind and renewable energies are not real
Americans they're not really about that
grit hard work of our coal forefathers
that did the real work
they're pansies they're soft and they
don't want to dig into the middle of a
mine and die at 45 years old or destroy
their body and then end up on
prescription drugs lead to opioid abuse
all this there's so many I don't mean to
go for all these different angles but
the thing is we're subsidizing something
that just on its own isn't working
because if we do something that's that's
working
that could work if we maybe go along in
that direction the natural progression
of it we're seen as soft it goes back to
these baseless a insulting type of
characterizations of something to make
sure you don't agree with it yeah go
we're gonna go with solar oh you know
solar does one of the windmills a
windmill I don't understand there's bad
words coming in my head that I'm not the
devil I don't get why look Oh
digging coal is badass in a sense
certainly because it's so dangerous I
know I've been into coal mines I've
crawled through knee-high tunnels in
coal mines it's extremely dangerous many
people lost their lives
some of them thanks to Don Blankenship
but historically it's been really bad
but why is it not badass to create a
multi hundred yard tall wind tower that
can harness the energy of the wit why is
creating a gigantic field of solar cells
that absorbs the white-hot energy of the
Sun and turning it into electricity why
isn't that badass it's difficult to I
know that a lot of people don't lose
their lives doing it let's start
knocking off a few solar employees maybe
then it'll become badass and we can
afford to transition over to the house
and put some panels on top you weakling
- easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
