one question that should be I believe
very easy to answer is is torturing
people immoral and so Senator Kamala
Harris tried to get Gina Haspel to go on
the record on that topic and found it
hospital to be a slippery target indeed
one question I've not heard you answer
is do you believe that the previous
interrogation techniques were immoral
senator I believe that CIA officers to
whom you referred it's a yes or no
answer do you believe the previous
interrogation techniques were immoral
I'm not asking do you believe they were
illegal I'm asking do you believe they
were immoral senator I believe that CIA
is ordinary work to prevent another
attack on this country given the legal
tools that we were authorizing answer
yes or no do you believe in hindsight
that those techniques were immoral
senator what I believe sitting here
today is that I support the higher moral
standard we have decided to hold
ourselves answer the question senator I
think I've answered the question you've
not do you believe the previous
techniques now armed with hindsight do
you believe they were Imam yes or no
senator I believe that we should hold
ourselves to the moral standard outlined
in the Army Field Manual okay so I
understand that you're you've not
answered the question but I'm gonna move
on the president has asserted that
torture works do you agree with that
statement senator I I I don't believe
that torture works I believe that in the
cia's program and and I'm not
attributing this to enhanced
interrogation techniques I believe as
many people directors who have sat in
this chair before me that valuable
information was obtained from senior
al-qaeda operatives that allowed us to
defend this country and prevent another
attack is that a yes no it's not a yes
we got valuable information from
debriefing of al-qaeda
nice and I don't I don't think it's
knowable whether interrogation
techniques played a role in that so I
love that the companies are those two
things so she won't say that tortures
immoral and she doesn't think that it
works but thank God we did it right you
can answer it all at the same time
that's how Union and it doesn't look
we've played it was a a minute 15 of her
of Carmel Harris trying to get her just
say yes or no is waterboarding people
immoral I don't think it's complicated
air is torturing people immoral
absolutely Brooke is torturing people
tomorrow I think first of all you're
supposed to start every answer with the
senator know with that look of confusion
reminds me of the Betsy DeVos those same
yes or no none the same questions but
yes or no questions in this lake yet
yeah I'm still not giving a yes or no
answer she refused it yes yes it's
immoral you can't torture people well we
know why she can't do it though because
then the next the next headlines for all
of the news the next day or the same day
will be okay so the potential new head
of the CIA goes up against the President
and completely disagrees it says
everything we did and what the United
States did was immoral against what we
believe in and unamerican
now she's gonna head the CIA now she has
to deal with all of the conservative and
in Republican leaning outlets then
saying how could she do this what time
person is this that President Trump was
put in what's she gonna be soft on
terror now it's nice to deal with that
but she has to stay close to where where
she's been but I mean lucky for her
trump is the president which means that
those headlines would last all of 10
minutes yeah that's because we have
other stuff to deal with we will we
don't even know what's gonna happen
tomorrow so my fear coming out of this
is that a lot of people a lot of people
are gonna hear her opening statement I
will not under any circumstances
reinstate detainment and torture and if
you just listen to that you might think
oh well this isn't an absolute disaster
maybe she won't be that bad but then if
you listen to all the rest of it there
is every reason to believe that she
doesn't think there's any moral reason
why we shouldn't torture people she
definitely thinks that it works in
practice because despite her saying it
doesn't she didn't kept saying that it
actually had helped to fight al Qaeda
and to stop future acts of terrorism
and her qualms against conducting
torture are entirely rooted in
bureaucratic mumble jumble so that means
that if the law were to change under
Trump and the Republicans I know that
seems crazy the idea that they might
legalize torture that what would her
opposition be it's not moral it's not
legal it's entirely rooted in whether
the people above or say that it's okay
so that is a person who will torture
inevitably perhaps that immediately but
inevitably and that's my concern there's
an easy answer this whole thing all of
those people from that time have no
place in government power whether they
were running a CIA black site under
george w bush or john bolton who's
desperate to start a war in iran clear
on all of them none of them should have
been under obama none of them should
currently be serving under donald trump
they had their time it was an absolute
disaster a historic disaster for America
we can't afford to let them hold the
reins of power again so to understand
again you talked about how in only
certain circumstances would they do it
there was one part that I'm glad you
brought up because there's another point
when she was speaking to Susan Collins
and she said she's not gonna sit it with
the benefit of hindsight and judge the
very good people who made hard decisions
of course to torture back in the day who
were running the agency with
extraordinary circumstances at the time
they said we are not fearing another
attack right now
so that leaves that are open that once
we're fearing another attack we can be
afraid of wherever it is that we're
afraid of and implement these policies
again it's the way it's always worked
out but like as long as we're afraid of
certain people and then we can put it
off and set it to the side and say hey
but we're stopping terrorism by
torturing people we can reimplemented
and so we can get past all the things
that she's been saying today that
sounded like they were decent hey also I
hate that the whole like weird
Brotherhood like I'm not gonna judge
these people who made extraordinary
decisions why not well you don't want to
hurt failure a lot because theoretically
if we agree that those people should go
to jail she might end up there and a lot
of people that she's worked with yeah
and one other Tate to even bring this up
but this is something that I've thought
about probably on a weekly basis since
Donald Trump became president he has
definitely attempted in a variety of
ways to scare the American people
generally about immigrants and things
like that's
times about inner-city crime or whatever
Mexicans Mexicans perhaps but it is
shocking to me and I cannot explain why
especially when he started to surround
himself with the people who were there
under george w bush why he has not yet
attempted to terrify the american people
about some sort of terror attack whether
it's something that's trumped-up or
whatever and honestly they haven't
really done it yet and we have been
monumentally lucky that we have not had
a gigantic terror attack
we've been certainly terrorized in a
number of different ways especially
because we've released millions of guns
throughout the country but they haven't
yet turned to that and it's been over a
year we have been so lucky in that but
at any time perhaps in advance of an
election donald trump could find a
convenient event to trump up and imagine
what they will attempt will get he'll do
does that when terror attacks happen
wherever in another country right he
brings up all the time since this is why
what we're doing here were banning
Muslims and all of his policies he
doesn't stick with it though like he's
like there will be a shooting at an
airport in Europe and he'll talk about
and he'll say who was scary Muslims he
largely moves on I think he won't say it
previous to it the second part girls
thinking he won't say it previous to it
cuz that'll make him look weak he's
worried about himself I was thinking it
as soon as you were saying this like he
doesn't want to look weak it's like I
don't know George W Bush was able to do
it for a long time I mean he presided
over the worst terror attack in American
history and everyone thought that he was
the biggest alpha male gorilla in the
universe I don't know how they can do it
but they do it I mean all of them who
you know fled from Vietnam they they
couldn't be found when they were needed
for military service they're still seen
as strong there is there is a
fundamental weakness among conservatives
that is masquerading as strength and
they are all operating into that
collective illusion too easy wasteful
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
