jeanna Haspel went before the Senate for
confirmation hearing today and
considering her past work at the CIA
over a couple of decades involving both
torture and covering up torture they had
some hard questions for her now first of
all one of the most important questions
is will she as head of the CIA bring us
back to the point where we are
conducting torture listen today in light
of my counterterrorism experience I
understand that what many people want to
know about are my views on CIA's former
detention and interrogation program
I have views on this issue and I want to
be clear having served in that
tumultuous time I can offer you my
personal commitment clearly and without
reservation that under my leadership on
my watch
CIA will not restart a detention and
interrogation program so that sounds
clear but we're gonna play some more
videos in a little bit and because of
the way that people who are in favor of
torture have tortured language over the
past couple of decades I can't
necessarily say what she is saying she
won't do as the head of the CIA there it
sounds like she's not going to allow
torturing people but there's all sorts
of activities that they've pretended
haven't been torture even though they
are on their face obviously torture she
doesn't believe it I always get so
stressed out whenever they have them
these statements which are basically
them telling you their deepest feelings
like you're gonna start off with this
but just memorize it it's yeah but you
have to turn the page in the middle it's
stressful to watch I was wondering that
cuz I thought maybe I'm being a little
too harsh and saying hey how about you
know what you're gonna say I mean I'm
not saying you have to memorize 30
minutes straight word for it or what you
wanted to say have prepared marks cool I
hear you but when your page flip is and
I determined that I write will not have
anything like you didn't know I was the
next word like you that's how much you
you didn't write this or maybe don't
believe in what you were saying we
mentioned earlier this morning also when
I was on tdr yeah
it's my show in my head where can we
look in trouble for that but okay but I
go where the whole idea of a
confirmation hearing in the first place
it's it's ridiculous because then the
first thing we're expect this person to
do is lie to us because either they're
gonna tell us they're not gonna do
something which we know about their past
and then when they do it we'll say oh
well it happened or we expect them to
switch it up and then say something
different so now we're left with the
conflict why did you do it in the first
place if you say you're not gonna do it
now so do we really believe what she's
saying no matter what it is the number
two once she's in office or whatever she
has her positions he's heading whatever
department whoever's getting confirmed
then what's the recourse once they break
these promises right like are you really
held to this no no it's like well look I
think there have been people who have
gone through these confirmation
processes and not gotten the position I
think one of the reasons is that if you
can grill them so partially all of these
people especially the ones are gonna be
running for president they want to
appear to be hard which is good I'm glad
that they're asking questions but if
they can drag it out and make the person
look bad
sometimes they pull themselves or
sometimes they're pulled from the
process it's it's unfortunately rare
it's one of the reasons it matters who's
the president because they have a lot of
leeway to pretty much put whoever they
want in these positions but there have
been times when they've been blocked and
usually acts as a result of hard
questioning it's not nearly common
enough but it does happen sometimes and
we're talking about exactly the sort of
thing that should disqualify someone for
a position like this now I know for sure
that through it before he was ahead of
the EPA
he wouldn't do his confirmation hearings
and he said you know what I'm gonna
completely dismantle the EPA I'm gonna
do the teardown anything has any of you
with environmental protections and
actually the opposite I'm gonna do the
bidding of corporations people who've
paid me off and actually the connections
I have to my previous job heading these
companies yeah he said all that stuff
that's true what are you gonna do about
convinced me don't elect people like
fraud that you don't have people like
Scott brood necessarily okay let's move
on to some related topics though
obviously they're gonna talk more about
torture so more on that topic during
confirmation hearing today the US
government has a clear legal and policy
framework that governs detentions and
interrogations specifically the law
provides that no individual in US
custody may be subjected to any
interrogation technique or approach that
is not authorized by and listed in the
Army Field Manual I fully support the
detainee treatment required by law and
just as importantly I will keep CIA
focused on our collection and analysis
missions that can best leverage the
expertise we have at the agency okay so
there now we have a legal framework and
we're not going to do anything that's
against the Army Field menu but we we
already knew what was torture when you
it long before they were waterboarding
people and I don't think a lot of people
like there was a lot of like mock
drownings that in the middle of they
were like wonder if this will eventually
be adjudicated to be torture I think
everyone in that room knew exactly what
they were doing she knew exactly what
they were doing when she was running
black sites that were conducting this
sort of torture I mean pretending that
it just required an academic and
philosophical discussion and then
eventually we landed on something and so
we'll continue with that she's acting as
if every person well most people are not
gonna watch this as a c-span but if they
were we all know exactly what they're
doing we know that it's immoral we know
that it's illegal and it should be if we
were honest about it they would just say
you know at the time because basically
what she said was we not have new
guidelines that are in place to make
sure we don't do these things more I'm
not sure if she's still won't call it
torture he was called that way by the
people question but then it still
enhanced interrogations so saying now we
have a framework that keeps us from
doing this just admit it
this is what we did we did as much as we
can this is what we do as a country and
as a interrogation service an
intelligence agency will find people we
want to have get some some kind of
revenge on perceived after we get them
will do things up to a point that we say
is allowed or not allowed because we set
those rules anyway just say it we go to
as far as we can if it's torture we did
it
but we
could do it now we can't saw stop that's
all she was saying old time yeah I'll do
torture until you tell me to stop yeah
no I won't do it in the future because
the conversation was this worked this
worked this worked look at everything
that we got from this and now the
conversation is that there's a law
against this and that's okay yeah and
I'm like wait what what cuz honestly I
don't care I don't need to hear that
you're gonna follow the law I want to
hear if you're okay with it yeah yeah
and and look actually related to that
and we're working it to that
specifically a second but in terms of
like her her she apparently wants to
make sure that you know that
theoretically she will follow the law
but she has no moral core whatsoever
nothing will drive her except maybe not
breaking the law so in another exchange
with Diane Feinstein feinstein asked her
were you an advocate for destroying the
tapes these are tapes of torture that
she was implicated in the destruction of
she says senator i absolutely was an
advocate if we could within and
conforming to US law and if we could get
policy concurrence to eliminate the
security risks posed to our officers by
those tapes and feinstein cut-in you're
aware of what those tapes contained
which is torture as well says no i never
watched the tapes but i understood that
our officers faces were on them and that
was very dangerous at a time when they
were unauthorized disclosures that were
exposing the program so she didn't watch
them she desperately knew that they had
to be destroyed but wasn't even
interested in watching them which i
think is kind of a farcical on its face
um but again that covering up torture
inside of CIA sites if it's within the
law to destroy it you still understand
that it's wrong but not her she doesn't
have any of that we do we have a system
of morals we have ethics that we abide
by she has at best
departmental guidelines again the most
honest answer you could have is I was
taking my marching orders yeah I was a
head of some black sites that did
horrible things to people but that's
what they told me to do and as as a
blind mindless soldier I just did it if
I have more control which maybe I will
now I'll stop doing it because I
actually didn't believe in it but when
they told me to do it what am I supposed
to do not do it yeah that's who I am our
policy which is more damning on our
whole policy at the time was a
policy was to do this I had no right to
say no it's all that happened to easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
