last week Saudi Arabian journalists and
Washington Post columnist Jamal
Khashoggi vanished and ever since people
have been trying to figure out exactly
what happened it's starting to look like
we know but I want to give you all the
details so first the 59 year old veteran
journalist was last seen on Tuesday
October 2nd walking into the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul he was there to
obtain a document verifying his divorce
from a previous marriage so that he
could marry a Turkish woman now what you
should know about him before he
proceeded with what happened that day is
that he is both journalists columnist
for The Washington Post and also a man
who has been critical of the current
regime in Saudi Arabia's specifically
attacking Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman we have a few quotes to that
effect and in terms of their censorship
and you know crackdowns on journalists
and locking people's up and things like
that
he had previously said I have left my
home my family and my job and I'm
raising my voice to do otherwise would
betray those who languish in prison I
can speak when so many cannot I want you
to know that Saudi Arabia has not always
been as it is now we Saudis deserve
better
he had also expressed concern about
being targeted by the Saudi government
for his views telling journalists
robbing right in August that the
country's new leadership would like to
quote see me out of the picture
with that now out there let's talk about
what else is known about what happened
about a week ago on Wednesday this
earlier today Turkish security officials
concluded that quote the highest levels
of the royal court in Saudi Arabia
ordered the assassination of khashoggi
officials have said that a 15-person
team flew from Saudi Arabia to Istanbul
on the day that he arrived at the
consulate some arrived on two private
planes and CNN apparently has some
aviation data to back that up and what's
interesting is that they're not only
just saying there is a 15-person team
they are identifying particular
individuals on that team some of which
we have details on one is the chief of
forensic evidence at Saudi Arabia's
internal security agency another is an
officer and the Saudi special forces who
posted pictures of himself on social
media posing in a living room with a
shiny stainless steel handgun two others
appear to be members of the Saudi royal
guard pictured inside a newspaper
photographed next to Crown Prince
Prince Mohammed bin Salman but how do
you know they're connected to
everybody's pictures and so what the
picture that seems to be arising out of
this is that he shows up at the
consulate that is the last that he has
seen it is believed that he was killed
was killed relatively quickly after
appearing there one of the officials in
the Turkish government quoted by the New
York Times described the operation as
quick and complex and the khashoggi was
killed within two hours of his arrival
the consulate the agent dismembered his
body with a bone saw they brought for
the purpose officials said it's like
pulp fiction and so that is what the
Turkish investigators are saying they
are saying they have specific evidence
that backs us up although they have not
made that public yet in response a Saudi
official said the Kingdom quote
categorically denies any involvement in
Jamal's disappearance they said that
they were also looking for him and I'm
not kidding that kind of like Oh Jay is
still looking for the real killer they
said his well-being as a Saudi citizen
is our utmost concern we were focusing
on the investigation as a means to
reveal the truth behind his
disappearance our sympathies go out to
the family during this difficult time
yeah one way you could have shown
sympathy to others the family's pie
perhaps not murdering him okay now look
I don't know how the Turkish officials
know the pulp fiction details and the
dismemberment etc but the video evidence
at least on the surface appears to be
very clear he goes in to them to see it
1:14 p.m. and there is never any video
of him leaving from the back or the
front or anywhere else and then the
Saudi officials come in one of them one
set of security guys lands goes to the
the private residence next to the
consulate of the diplomat and then an
hour and 15 minutes later gets back into
the car and onto the plane and leaves
the country they showed up for an hour
and 15 minutes I don't think they came
to get the best kebab in Istanbul now we
do some other evidence as well that sort
of
is this on Tuesday The Guardian reported
that the consulates Turkish staff were
told to take a day off the day cache oh
he disappeared it also reported that
Turkish investigators believe that the
security footage from inside the
consulate was removed and taken back to
Saudi Arabia on a private jet so that's
the security footage inside of the
consulate outsides different story
during a tour of the six story consulate
given to journalists on Saturday Saudi
Consul General Mohamed Al Attar told
Reuters that while the consulate was
equipped with cameras this is on the
outside they did not record footage of
Khashoggi entering or leaving the
building shouldn't break yeah they also
said at one point that's sorry the
cameras we have outside don't actually
record footage they just livestream the
footage because that's how security
cameras work they don't record things
kind of defeat the point in it okay so
golly gee we couldn't find the tape of
him entering or more importantly leaving
so gee I wonder who did it I can't quite
tell now important context so the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman is a guy who
is a radical he came here on a publicity
tour and since the Saudis give a
tremendous amount of money to defense
contractors in this country to buy arms
to politicians to an end to end to
lobbyists all over the country etc and
they have friends in the US government
Israeli government etc they were greeted
with open arms first by Donald Trump and
then honestly by most of the media in
America and liberties and yes and and
they came for a big publicity tour he
said well that's okay I'm I'm letting
some women drive now in Saudi Arabia
people like wow what a reformer what a
great guy nobody by that point he had
already kidnapped a foreign leader and
threatened to kill him while the foreign
leader made the mistake of visiting
Saudi Arabia is unprecedented and
unbelievable and and that was the leader
of Lebanon who eventually made it back
to Lebanon after doing some sort of
hostage video in Saudi Arabia
and then once he got back from Lebanon
and he was safe he's like god no no I
didn't mean any of the things that I
said there you know that we had massive
issues right to say the least when
you're kidnapped and and threatened I
mean I'm not sure Kim jong-un would
kidnap a foreign leader and threatened
to kill him unless he made a tape saying
yeah yeah the Saudis are right I mean
the reverse course that's good that's
crazy well they certainly wouldn't Kim
jong-un wouldn't capture him to say that
the Saudis are right but you see my
point
he's a crazy guy right so so here's a
guy who then by the way give more
context for bin Salman he's a relatively
young guy he's in his 30s as that is
theoretically the leader but as the
Crown Prince he's been acting as the
leader and his that has given him that
authority and and he rounded up a lot of
the other Saudi royals including
billionaires put him in a fancy hotel
and then threatened to kill them until
they handed over their money I'm sorry
that was an anti-corruption campaign he
was shocked to find out that the other
Saudi royals had been taking money from
the Saudi people of course that's what
he does but apparently he thought it
wasn't enough that he was taken from the
Saudi people he wanted to rob his fellow
Oh
Saudi elites and threaten them like you
better watch yourself and that was his
way of accruing power and next time you
know it won't be just that we imprison
you in a hotel and and it could get
worse and by the way the guy's
absolutely brazen as you can tell here
as well in the middle of robbing the
other Saudi princes and Royals he bought
a 500 million-dollar yacht he's like oh
you see how corrupt they are I had to
imprison them and and do an
anti-corruption campaign well I spent a
half a billion nose well to be fair he
got that money mowing lawns in the in
the summers and a car wash in the
wholly-owned oh right he got from the
Saudi people right I forgot okay it's
difficult to even imagine how a yacht
could cost that much it turns out that
was a hand-me-down it used to belong to
Betsy
yeah I don't I don't know what that it
must be nice
I assume yeah so look these are changing
times so when the US president doesn't
much care for our democracy and says
that the FBI is the problem in this
country and the law on force maybe
should be illegal to cooperate with law
enforcement that's a suggestion Donald
Trump made when Russian leader is seems
to assassinate people not only in his
own country but in other countries I
mean we talk about what he's done in the
UK several times but there were several
very questionable killings here in
America of Russians and and I don't know
why the US government has not made a
bigger deal out of that very
questionable deaths here so if Putin is
doing it Trump is calling the press the
enemy of the people
Duterte doing the same this is this is
old-school stuff this is 1930s 1940s
tough yeah so emboldened by that
environment
here comes Mohammed bin Salman and
friends with the most powerful people on
earth the Americans and the Israelis he
goes what can't I do
yeah I kidnapped a foreign leader and
totally got away with it by the way I
mean the list goes on he tried to start
foment a bigger civil war in Lebanon
which would've been a disaster internal
civil discourse and fighting and and
murder within the Palestinians I mean
the guy is it's a it's a it's a horror
show right so would he do this well in
other times you'd say no way a foreign
government is gonna take a Washington
Post columnist that lives in the u.s.
invite him to the Turkish consulate in
this dismember him that's unthinkable
but in today's world unfortunately very
thinkable and it appears to to fit the
fact pattern thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
calm slash join
