now joining us the victor in the
Democratic primary in the US House race
in district 3 in West Virginia Richard
Oh Jetta
Richard how you doing brother doing
great so talk to us about your victory
tonight how much did you win by and why
do you think you want as of right now I
think we've won by around what 17 18,000
votes you know it's it's absolutely
amazing you know I have a phenomenal
team that has worked so hard
you know people phone banking knocking
on doors you know just getting out there
putting boots on the ground it's it's
been a blessing to have so many
wonderful people that is you know on
board with trying to you know turn a
seat blue in West Virginia and it's it's
just absolutely amazing
so Richard winning the district by 17
18,000 vote in a primary that's a lot so
sometimes in a house race you won't even
get 18,000 votes for the winter period
let alone a margin of victory that large
so that's great news and we talked about
your primary the last time you were on
rebel headquarters but now that you've
moved on let's talk about the general
election
what's your battle plan for winning that
seat well we're gonna continue doing
exactly what we're doing you know we're
not we're not slacking at all you know
tomorrow is another day focused on
trying to put boots on the ground you
reach as many people as we can we're not
gonna slack you know we're gonna push
all the way through to the general we
feel pretty comfortable that you know
whoever they put in front of us we will
be able to beat the only thing they're
going to do is try to drown us out with
money but face to face I think that
we're gonna win it so Richard who do you
know who you'll be up against in that
seat as of right now it's still up in
the air it's really close you know
they're basically fighting for you know
10 to 15 percent
whoever gets 15% wins you know it
doesn't matter who it is l'anima
attitude
so you mentioned boots on the ground
first off roughly how many volunteers
you
down there oh my gosh I mean we we've
had over a thousand people that signed
up to volunteer I mean we've had people
putting signs up knocking on doors you
know you name it it has been amazing the
you know outpouring of support of people
that are just excited to turn a red seat
blue in West Virginia so thousand
volunteers signing up in a house race
that's a lot that's a ton of volunteers
so you got into the Sun right Richard
well you know you have to remember you
know we had the teachers strike so the
teachers and school service personnel
are on board we you know and I fought
hard for you know labor organizations
out there I've been endorsed by all of
the labor the major groups out there
have endorsed me and those people have
absolutely been ready to go out put
boots on the ground so we feel very
comfortable that you know we have
established a great group of people that
are dedicated you know there's a lot of
things that I have to do one of the
first things that I must do when I get
to Washington DC is fight to get our
coal miners pensions taken care of and I
believe that they know that I will do
just that so you know that's where we're
at so Richard again on boots on the
ground you're you're a veteran so I
think that the popular conception may be
pushed by cable news is that people in
the military are more likely to be
Republican so what drove you to become a
Democrat well because I believed in the
working-class citizens I believe in
taking care of the sick I believe in
taking care of the elderly our veterans
and I want to create opportunities for
those who live in poverty to elevate
themselves out of poverty and you know
that's what the Democratic Party is all
about and the truth is is that you know
in many cases many of them have felt
they've forgotten what that was about
you know I want to I want to convince
people to come back to the Democratic
Party and I'm gonna bust my you know
hump to make that happen
so out of the different issues out there
on on health care marijuana you name it
a criminal just form wages what drives
you well you know what drives me is that
I spent 24 years in the United
States Army and I retired and I come
home I had no desire to get into
politics but when I got home I saw that
we have children in my backyard that
have it worse than the children I saw in
Iraq in Afghanistan you know in Iraq and
Afghanistan you know a child may live in
extreme poverty but the village will
raise that child but here you know the
parents are addicted to drugs that the
grandparents are taking care of the kids
and they're doing it on Social Security
where they're already cutting meds in
half you know these are things that I
cannot accept and I will not accept and
that's some of the main things that that
fueled me to get into politics and once
you get into politics you see how money
controls everything you know I want to
absolutely end citizens united you know
I mean it why should a lobbyist have
better access to a legislature than the
actual voter themselves so I'm gonna
continue doing what I do to give the
working class citizens a voice and and
and helping to to to fight for what we
deserve all right dad for ya well look
in a sense you know you fought for
freedom over there and and if you're
looking to get money out of politics
here you'd be regaining our democracy
and fighting for freedom over here
absolutely all right Richard when we put
this up online we'll have the links to
how to donate to you because you're
trying to get money out of politics etc
you need small donors and and how to
volunteer to join your Jenna army in the
third District in West Virginia and and
your website etc thank you so much for
joining us and congratulations tonight
on a well-earned victory hey thank you
very much
I take no corporate money so you're
absolutely right we'd love to have as
many people on board as possible
all right everybody Richard or Jenna
fighting for you guys in West Virginia
thank you very much a blur
