can I tell you a quick story about baby
boomers since we're talking about
Melinda sure yes okay I have to tell you
about this guy the wizard that I ran
into oh okay this story is already fun
okay
so so I think Merlin actually it was no
John can relate okay so here's what
happens I'm up north we're doing this
this northern tour and we are I can't
remember which city now there were so
many but this this this older gentleman
comes up he's he's probably about 80
years old and Lisa who's with me she's
with my campaign she says she says he
looks like like Merlin the wizard and
this guy comes up and he wants to know
about the campaign he wants to know what
we're talking about he wants to know who
I am
and he introduces himself his name is
Merlin Lisa and I about drop right there
like no way this this really happened
now this also happened just a few days
after that poll came out remember we put
out that that petition for people to
sign because the polls are totally
skewing and in only running really the
corporate candidates not including
everybody right you can go to my website
and still sign that petition so this guy
comes up out of nowhere he learns about
the campaign I don't speak anything
about this poll and one of the first
things he says to me is don't listen to
the polls keep going keep going I know
why why because he's a wizard
exactly did I take your punchline yes
that's okay I'm getting used to it
already I'm a fast learner
and so but he but then he goes on to
explain that his generation the baby
boomers really ruined things they
dropped the ball they were fighting this
progressive fight in the 60s and and
they let the corporation's come in and
really take over right so I tell him
about some volunteers that I've had who
are in his generation that have said the
same thing before I can finish and get
to my point with him he starts to cry
oh wow and I immediately like finish and
I say look you you really led the way
for us you pet you pave the way now we
are here to pick up the torch to finish
what you started in this guy choking
back tears he says don't forget about us
there's a whole voting bloc of baby
boomers who are just waiting for leaders
like you to step up and carry forward
that torch I love it
so I'm glad I didn't know that any of
the story so or ruin it yeah exactly
I that reminds me of a story of a guy
who wrote in for Wolf Pack and that's
the group that Allison led and to get
money out of politics and he said that
he was a freedom writer
so you know the Freedom Riders rode the
buses into the south and integrated
buses blacks and whites together and and
they fought for civil rights and those
guys were so courageous so what we do in
comparison is nothing right so when they
would stop in the middle of Mississippi
as an example the Klan would be waiting
for them I can't get that image out of
my head
like I mean it's not there's no cell
phones there's no one coming to help the
cops are not on your side in that part
of Mississippi they might be members of
the KKK that's right and and guys and
hoods are waiting for you when the bus
stops in the middle of the night
those guys had courage and one of them
wrote in and said I hadn't done anything
since and you guys energized me and I'm
back in the fight and we're gonna get
money out of politics and when it end
the corruption I actually think I know
who you're talking about he's an organ
and he is the guy I was telling Merlin
the wizard about really yeah Wow now
you're finishing my yeah almost he's
back just in time since the Nazis I've
also come back here we are again in the
middle of that fight
