Eric Schneiderman has been accused by
for a woman who dated him actually three
women who dated him and one who he made
advances to rejected him of assault he
slapped that woman across the face who
did not agree to relations with him he
apparently slapped choked spit on the
other women now context before the
Republican reaction Sneiderman has been
a vocal opponent of Trump pursuing a
series of legal actions against his
policies as president and filing
numerous lawsuits against his
enterprises long before he took office
it's true he's fought Trump for years
now and in fact he just got twenty five
million dollar settlement on the scam
that was Trump University and he was in
the middle of making sure that New York
could prosecute Donald Trump if Donald
Trump tried to pardon
people like Michael Cohen or others
involved in some of the cases that
relate back to him I thought his efforts
there were fantastic and in fact I
recently did a video about that
particular fight that Schneiderman was
in to make sure that we could hold Trump
in his associates accountable at the
state level now having said that it
turns out the Schneiderman in his
private life was an absolute disaster
and and resigned and should have and and
the Manhattan district attorney office
is looking into possible charges against
them so a gleeful response of course
from the Republicans which is
understandable
Kellyanne Conway simply retweets an old
tweet from Schneiderman and says gotcha
and the tweet of course had said no one
is above the law and I'll continue to
remind President Trump and his
administration of that fact every day so
give the devil their due she's allowed
to say got you all she wants on this
case Donald Trump jr. the president's
son says about another tweet about
sexual assault survivors from
Schneiderman this didn't age well true
enough Tina Loesch despicable
spokesperson for the NRA says literally
fighting women is not the same as
fighting for women but
he did fight for women and apparently
did fight them in his private life so
both are true but they get to gloat
I get that and it is fair and
Schneiderman deserves it
what's interesting is that Donald Trump
bang in 2013 almost predicted this in a
sense I'll give him credit for that
he said Weiner is gone Spitzer is gone
next will be lightweight Attorney
General Eric Schneiderman is he a crook
wait and see worse suspense or Weiner
now understand that Sneiderman was
pursuing him for violations of the law
including the scam called Trump
University should i diamond eventually
won on that and Trump paid out 25
million dollars so and Trump makes a lot
of brash allegations against all of his
opponents so a broken clock is Right
twice a day on the other hand there are
a lot of cryptic references that Trump
makes to other famous people sometimes
famous Democrats he did this to Bill
Clinton to a hey bill don't make me say
the things I know what did they know
what do they know about each other what
are they doing in these elite circles
where they won't you know dish the dirt
on on each other so I I don't know if
that's the case all we have is that
tweet to go on and as I just explained
to you it could be for a couple of
different reasons
but now we're gonna get to the
Republican hypocrisy in a second but
hold a little bit more gloating this
time from Fox News tonight an alleged
physical abuse of multiple women by New
York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman
so-called Champion of choice and the
report is getting stunning reaction
almost instantly it's interesting to
note that in 2013 Donald Trump tweeted
quote Weiner is gone Spitzer is gone
next will be lightweight AG Eric
Schneiderman is he a crook
wait and see worse than Spitzer or
Weiner so they kept rubbing it in
throughout the day and that's totally
fine calling him a so-called champion of
choice he actually was very much for
pro-choice and actually passed
legislation look there's a lot of irony
in a hypocrisy when it comes to
Schneiderman a Schneiderman side
it when he was a state legislator he
pushed for a bill that would outlaw
choking more clearly and give more
severe consequences one of the things
he's accused of is choking
non-consensual so they're right to rub
it in any way they like now of course
two can play at that game
let me tell you about Rob Porter one of
the top aides to Donald Trump you
remember he resigned in disgrace because
I could go over a thousand allegations
here but let's just go to one of his
ex-wives Kolby Holderness she said the
thing that Rob Porter would do most
frequently is he would throw me down on
a bed and he just put his body weight on
me he'd be yelling at me but as he was
yelling he'd be grinding an elbow or
knee into my body to emphasize his anger
the choking was just very scary and
dehumanizing that sounds almost
identical to what Schneiderman did but
let's be fair here okay and let's give
Donald Trump a chance to respond maybe
he was just as tough on Rob Porter as he
is him and his allies are being on Eric
Schneiderman so this was what raw edge
trumpets had about Rob Porter when he
left the White House let's watch well we
wish him well he worked very hard I
found out about it recently and I was
surprised by it it was very sad when we
heard about it and certainly he's also
very sad now he also as you probably
know he says he's innocent and I think
you have to remember that he said very
strongly yesterday that he's innocent
okay he said it very strongly I mean we
have such a only even playing field here
in America Democrats yet accuse if they
did it like in the case of Shania and
certainly looks like he did it they
immediately resign Republicans way they
deny it very strongly and so he he was
very sad not for the victims if you
noticed he was very sad for Porter that
he got found out that he did domestic
violence against his partners in fact
I'm gonna read you graphic 48 here
because Trump had gone on to say about
Porter we
certainly wish him well it's obviously a
very tough time for him he did a very
good job while he was in the White House
we hope that he will have a wonderful
career
I don't remember Schneiderman or
Kellyanne I'm sorry Trump or Kellyanne
Conway or anyone else saying about
Schneiderman it's a sad time for him we
wish him well I hope he has a wonderful
career but I'm not done so in the 1990s
harry hurt the third wrote a book called
lost lost tycoon the many lives of
Donald J Trump and in it he talked about
what his ex-wife Ivana Trump said in a
divorce that position now this is under
sworn testimony it's under oath okay
and by the way about it does not exactly
deny it I'll get to that in a second as
well here's the description from funny
enough Jane Mayer of The New Yorker the
same person who broke the Schneiderman
story heard obtained a copy of her own
sworn divorce deposition from 1990 in
which she stated that the previous year
her husband had raped her in a fit of
rage that's Donald Trump raping his wife
and hurts account Trump was furious that
a scalp reduction operation he'd
undergone to eliminate a bald spot had
been unexpectedly painful Ivana had
recommended the plastic surgeon in
retaliation hurt wrote Trump yanked out
a handful of his wife's hair and then
forced himself on her sexually hmm well
that sounds even worse than which side
Herman did which Snyderman did was
terrible - choking the slapping the
spinning and the terrible things that he
said to these women but no one's accused
him of rape Trump's own wife at the time
said he raped me he yanked me around by
the hair etc there's more details
afterward according to the book she
spent the night locked in a bedroom
crying in the morning Trump asked her
quote with menacing casualness does it
hurt Trump has denied both the rape
allegation and the
question that he had a scalp reduction
procedure just think it look first of
all this is not a gray area this is not
he said she said he doesn't even you
know it he paid her 14 million dollars
and I'm sure for a number of different
reasons and they had just gotten
divorced but Ivana Trump is very clear
about this in under oath and again I'll
get to her so-called clarification in a
second so he drags her around by the
hair he rapes her she cries all night he
comes back and then forget the tone of
voice he callously asked her if she's
okay but then he denies the rape and the
scalp reduction procedure that's like
saying hey did you commit a triple
homicide I deny the triple homicide plus
the jaywalking who cares about the
jaywalking why but no it's all about his
own ego okay I don't have a bald spot oh
my wife did I rape her yeah no I mean I
paid her off but no no I didn't rape her
but I definitely don't have a bald spot
Herts said that the incident which was
detailed in Havana's deposition was
confirmed by two of her friends just
like Schneiderman the girl for instance
the time confirmed that that
Schneiderman's girlfriend had told him
at the time Ivana at the time had told
her girlfriends that Donald Trump had
physically assaulted her and raped her
now to her non-denial denial she
confirmed that she had said in a
deposition that her husband had raped
her so not even denying it she confirmed
she absolutely said it under oath and I
guess if she lied she should be locked
up in prison that's a hell of a thing to
lie about somebody write about rape but
added that she did not want those words
to be interpreted in quote a literal or
criminal sense what other sense is there
for the word rape is there a non-literal
version of rape is there a non-criminal
version of rape so Ivana Trump what did
you mean if you didn't mean literal or
criminal or were you happy to take the
money
look if honor Trump is also a victim so
okay it is what it is she's covering for
him but doing a very very poor job at it
cuz she says yes I did say under oath
that he raped me it just wasn't criminal
rape again I don't know non criminal
rape I don't know what that means so
should i Derman resign
absolutely and he did should Donald
Trump resign well he did the same and
worse he absolutely positively should
resign by the Schneiderman standard but
yet in this country it's not how it
works the Democrat does something wrong
and sometimes if they just allege that
he did something wrong god immediate
resignation when a Republican does
something heinous Despicable nope no
resignation no apology no consequences
the Republican Party and its followers
that tolerate this are grotesque there's
no Democrat today in the country going
oh no Schneiderman shoulda stayed oh so
what so what did he beats people oh
those are just allegations who cares who
cares that this incredibly good
reporting by Ronan Farrow and Jane Mayer
at The New Yorker who cares about the
victims no Democrat is saying that no
liberal that is is saying that what it's
the Republican oh yeah so what so what
that he raped is why I mean she sends
another oath under oath she confirms she
says another oath so what so what so
what I want the president I like the
president he hates the same people I
hate I don't care that he rape people
just own it Republicans own it that's
who you are you're monsters just live
with it young turks two easy ways follow
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
