traumatic breaking news the story is
developing as we speak but apparently
robert muller and his team of
investigators have questioned a Russian
oligarch about a series of payments that
have been made to Donald Trump's lawyer
Michael Cohen and then The Daily Beast
added on to CNN's reporting on that
matter saying that they can confirm that
hundreds of thousands of dollars
possibly 500 thousand dollars were paid
to Michael Cohen through Viktor
Vekselberg company the u.s. affiliate of
his company which is known as Rinna veau
and that money was transferred through a
series of payments now you have the
information we have about the robert
muller investigation we know that
earlier this year they stopped this
oligarch who is apparently quite close
to Vladimir Putin although I don't think
I've ever heard of a Russian oligarch
that has not been described as close to
Vladimir Putin but apparently they all
are so he stopped him at an airport
asked him questions we have that
information to be fair John I just want
to clarify there were Russian oligarchs
opposed to Putin there now largely in
prison that's true yes sometimes
imprisoned in very small wooden boxes
underground now we have that information
then we have the information about the
payments we know that that happened
although when reached for comment
Michael Cohen's lawyer says that he
disagrees with the term payments in
other words it happened it happened yeah
and then on top of that you have Michael
a Finetti the lawyer for stormy Daniels
and he says that they have evidence that
not only did this happen and not only
was it five hundred thousand dollars but
it was used to pay off Michael Cohen
paying off stormy Daniels eye that too
as far as I can see that is not
confirmed as of yet and I'm not entirely
sure why the Russian oligarch would be
directly repaying for a fling with the
president but certainly a payment
happened and we also have information
about other payments coming from non
Russian oligarchs but a big developing
story and it certainly seems like that
raid of Michael Cohen's office which the
right has loved to classify as
lated to the special counsels
investigation apparently it's kind of
related or at least it appears that way
as of right now alright I'm ready with
bold announcements and predictions so
first of all let's just be clear why
would the Russians be funneling my money
to Michael Cohen to perhaps pay off
things that Donald Trump is done because
Donald Trump has gotten most of his
money from the Russians now I'm not the
one saying that it's actually Donald
Trump's kids so I know why shouldn't
posted this big story earlier in the
week about oh my god it turns out Trump
might have been getting money from the
Russians all on of course that was
already public that's why we've
discussed it on the show literally over
a year ago Donald Trump jr. when asked
where they get the money for a lot of
their projects given that his dad went
bankrupt six times and no American bank
will lend him any money cuz he'd have to
be an idiot to lend the money unless it
was providing laundry
Oh said oh you know from the Russians
Eric Trump asked fairly recently hey
where'd you had the money for the golf
course is golf course is hard to finance
Plus you guys went bankrupt six times
that nobody will lend you money he said
all the Russians it turns out they love
to play golf who doesn't yeah he gave
them untold amount of money millions
upon millions of dollars now I got news
for you Russian oligarchs don't give you
money for their health and Donald Trump
is not a charity okay and so I believe
that it is for the very very obvious
reason of money laundering I've said
that I think on several occasions so in
regards to Michael Kohn what's new well
they have Michael Coast papers they are
tying him to Russian oligarchs so will
that lead to Donald Trump of course I
could look Sean Hannity's got a lot of
problems but I would be very surprised
if the payments from the Russian
oligarchs are to get funneled to Sean
Hannity it's not impossible impossible
almost a thousand properties right and
we know that that's one of the areas
that they like to buy up is real estate
imagine if Hannity was involved in the
money-laundering don't worry
so fast yeah yeah guys there's not any
almost no evidence of that so put that
aside okay but but Michael Kona only had
three clients is that how much of an
attorney he was a criminal attorney when
you needed a criminal attorney
so it was Hannity it was Trump and it
was another Republican named Bondi who
had paid off his mistress for a 1.6
million oz Michael Cohen was in the
payoff business yeah okay so so unless
Biondi or Hannity was doing business
with the Russians it was drunk and of
course it was drunk so now that they've
got him what appears to be dead to
rights is Michael Kohn gonna flip ya
betcha
Michael Cohen is not the kind of guy who
was like you know what I had principles
mm-hmm I mean I will violate the law
endlessly I will help the scumbag named
Donald Trump break the law for decades I
will do do business with really
dangerous Russian oligarchs and help
them break the law but I have principles
no he's gonna flip he's gonna what
before they got Schneiderman I didn't
was working on fixing a small part of
the law which I'm sure they will fix in
New York which would then allow them to
charge Michael Cohen at the state level
okay because they haven't charged him
yet and so they could fix the law before
they do any of that
and now the replacements are
Schneiderman that people are talking
about our Preet Bharara earlier fired by
Donald Trump and a hell of a prosecutor
or maybe Zephyr Teachout really yes out
there as well but you think they're not
going to prosecute Michael Cohen at the
state level in New York bye-bye
so Michael will cone will flip on Donald
Trump Donald Trump is in a world of
trouble as I've said all along it's only
a matter of time and if they got
oligarchs absolutely connected to
Michael Cohen good night I read and thus
the world waits with bated breath for
Rudy Giuliani's explanation and then re
explanation and then read explanation
two easy ways for Young Turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that
on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
