a 31 year old vegan chef from Brooklyn
is fielding harassment not from these
conspiracy theorists not because she did
anything but because she actually shares
a name with a parkland School survivor
her name of course is Emma Gonzalez so
this is the Emma Gonzalez who lives in
Brooklyn and so it's a little different
than the Emma Gonzalez that we are used
to who has led this movement especially
with the March for our lives and you
know after these tragedies after the
tragedy in parkland like after the
tragedies in Las Vegas Orlando and Sandy
Hook amateur sleuths on reddit amateur
sleuths is a nice term to use but I'm on
reddit Twitter and WordPress question
the stories of those who publicly
grieved often calling them crisis actors
now in Gonzalez's cases they believe
that her work as a chef was an elaborate
cover operation for the fact that she
had plastic surgery to make herself look
younger and then had traveled down to
Florida to pose as a crisis actor
playing a traumatized Florida teenager
so she started getting all of these
awful Facebook messages people came into
her work threatened her told her boss to
fire her she's completely getting
harassed and there's a whole message
threads of saying she got a chin implant
that she's doing her makeup now and so
it looks different it's all a little
loony yeah if it wasn't so scary it
would be funny like really you guys
think this 31 year old got plastic
surgery and did the vegan chef thing in
Brooklyn as a cover for the thing that
she did in Florida like how mentally
unbalanced you have to be but that's why
it's so scary because you have literally
like the most mentally unbalanced people
in the country egged on by mentally
unbalanced hosts telling the people that
there's this thing called crisis actor
actors in LA like phoning their agents
how come I never got a gig like this
okay that's just made up they say the
the Newtown parents or crisis actors oh
my god they harass them for years and
years now they're going after a
different American
they did not occur to you there might be
at least two Emma Gonzalez's in the
country if there was two JQ girls I
don't know how bad and in fact I don't
know if you know this this will be good
to start this I'm a crisis actor the
real Chang huger I got locked up in a
basement somewhere in Brooklyn okay but
now when they go they are threatening
her former employer because they're like
you're obviously the one who produced
her whatever the hell that means and and
and they're say she's a crisis actor for
the deep state whatever the hell that
means right in this context what the
hell does that mean in this context
and but for them to show up at her work
oh Jesus Christ
we've got some monsters among us and
people who are egging them on are deeply
irresponsible and at some point should
be held legally accountable too easy
wasteful Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
