the University of Florida has been
accused of racism after students were
aggressively and forcefully dragged off
stage during the graduation ceremony
take a look at some of this video I
thought for a second when I first saw
the video that they were dancing like
that they were dancing together yeah
like I can't believe the guy made
contact like that that was like I'm like
are they doing like a doe sido what's
going on but they were literally
fishermen physically dragging them off
the stage and you can see even some of
the more almost like violent nature of
it in this next video that I want to
show you got to look closely and you can
hear the people in the crowd reacting to
it so let's watch that really quick
Wow right so just real quick look I know
that those ceremonies can last forever
all right and there's 10,000 people
graduating from the University of
Florida but you cannot manhandle them at
their what a lot of people consider to
be one of the most important moments in
their life and wrassle them off the
stage that's crazy
you can't do that to anyone and now of
course witnesses are saying they didn't
do it to the white students they did it
the black since uh Jesus Christ what
have you done well that's the thing so
they basically implemented this policy
to just sort of move things along right
because these ceremonies can last a long
time and what's interesting it's like
you said witnesses said that they
weren't doing it to the white students
one of the witnesses said that there was
a white student who did a backflip and
he wasn't touched he was allowed to do
what he wanted to do now one student in
particular nafisa oughta who was one of
the students who's actually pushed off
the stage while she was dancing said she
had planned what she wanted to do on
stage to celebrate my story all of my
hard work I'd done at the University of
Florida I tried to do one of my strong
moves but I was instantly like blocks by
one of the officials on stage and they
aggressively pushed me off the stage
after that so I was definitely
disappointed they took that moment from
me because I can only get my bachelor's
once I mean and that really lose to
getting at what you were saying is that
this only happens once for for most
people and this is such a huge event in
so many people's lives and her family
came from London and came from all
around the country to watch or do this
and to watch have her be abused in the
act of having this huge life event it's
so sad so I want to be clear about this
I would be shocked if University of
Florida Dean or administrators were like
okay we're gonna have this random dude
on stage now make sure you only attack
black people okay but that's the problem
with stereotypes and discrimination and
and racism is that unfortunately it's in
the back of almost all of our heads so
when it comes to enforcement
there's selective enforcement so white
kids
Goten backflips left and right and the
usher doesn't think to tackle them or
suplex them and so apparently strolling
is part of a tradition which I didn't
know about yes so it is good it is a
part of the black Greek organizations
and it's a sort of a celebratory dance
they do it they'll do it at different
events and things like that sometimes
it's in a line or sometimes the dance
things like that it there's they do like
stroll offs and things like that yeah
and look I wasn't in a fraternity I
don't know anything about that
I've sat through incredibly boring
summaries by the way the dancing makes
it better not worse okay reading the
10,000 names is a real problem at hand
okay and and I don't think those those
ceremonies are that big a deal like
people are like oh you're kids
graduating from preschool are you gonna
go nuts no it's preschool if she can't
graduate from preschool we're in a lot
of trouble graduating from preschool and
Hannah that's where I was going with it
like but a lot of people think
graduating from college is a giant deal
like a seminal moment in and I know
people who were broken harder because
they couldn't walk you know and hear
their name because they graduated in the
spring and so they'll fall whatever it
might be instead of the summer and so to
rain on their parade like this you can't
do that what you can do is you say hey
everybody
please don't dance or please make it
quick yes we got to get through this but
you can't enforce it you can't what
you're tackling people by the way if
they if there was no racial angle here
it would still be totally unacceptable
tackling white people left-right it's
still not the right thing to do with
people's graduation of course you
shouldn't manhandle anybody that has
like a bass rule that everybody follows
I think that's a big component of it
right like the violent nature of
aggressive nature not respecting
people's bodies but adding in the race
aspect of it really adds another layer
right and it's kind of what you were
getting at is that implicit bias and how
we view black people and how a lot of
white people view black people as more
threatening as more dangerous as not
having a right over their own body and
how it is treated or how it is touched
or handled or whatever it may be I mean
we see that with police brutality and
you're seeing it in this case on
obviously a much less
a violent scale but violent nonetheless
it might be just that uh sure who thinks
well if a white person is doing it and
he doesn't consciously think this maybe
he does I don't know the guy but what
happens oftentimes is subconsciously he
sees a white person doing it thinks oh
they're full of joy because they're
getting their diploma he sees a black
person he thinks they're showboating
there they go again I got to put it they
told me to put an end to it I'm gonna go
put an end to it I mean if he punched a
white guy while he was doing the bad nut
punch that's too much but he like
tackled the guys he did with these
people in the middle of his backflip
then I'd say hey the guys just out of
control
yeah but there does seem to be a second
component here yeah and the university
president did apologize and he said that
they it was too aggressive that it was
out of line but a lot of people say like
too little too late you stole that
moment from us we only that was their
one chance and so I mean and the fact
that he was on stage and probably
witnessing some of us and didn't say
anything at the time also sort of
reinforces why people are so upset about
this too easy wasteful young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
