the NRA has a new president
congratulations them and the and the
president let's tell you who it is
Oliver North as you can see a Fox News
contributor who was a central figure in
the iran-contra firearms scandal the
1980s has been named the National Rifle
Association's next president well that
makes sense if you're running a
organization to help criminals then you
would hire a criminal and Oliver North
is a criminal and I'll explain why in
just a second does the NRA help
criminals of course that's why they want
to make sure that armor-piercing bullets
can still kill cops and they want to
make sure that's still on the market who
would use that no law-abiding citizen
needs armor-piercing bullets deers donor
deer don't have armor
cops have armor they say that people on
the terrorist watch list should still be
able to get access to weapons and
bullets and anything else they need to
murder people it's called the terrorist
watchlist
they say well sometimes they make a
mistake on that list so some estimates
I've seen is three percent so ninety
seven percent of time they're so
dangerous this is by the NRA standards
right the government says no that's not
true it's totally accurate you don't
want any government work for it I hear
you brother I wouldn't take it either
but let's say it's 97 percent accurate
they are so dangerous they won't want to
fly on planes but the NRA says let's
sell those terrorists weapons well if
you're gonna sell terrorist weapons oh
my god have you got the right guy in
Oliver North so let me give you a little
bit of a background in case you don't
know what kind of a monster this guy's
before joining Fox News oh he's a Fox
News contributor who could have guessed
that North was the National Security
Council staffer under President Ronald
Reagan he was famously found to have
played a key role in the secret sale of
arms to Iran which was under an arms
embargo at the time proceeds from the
clandestine weapon sales were funneled
to support terrorist efforts against
Nicaragua's socialist government that's
to terrorists for the price of one he
got the money from the Iranians and sold
on weapons that we consider them a
terrorist
at the time right now we're getting
amped up to go to war with Iran based on
the new yorker service and the trump
administration and back then they were
banned they were considered terrorist
and Oliver North thought well those look
just like my kind of terrorist yeah and
he goes to go goes and literally does a
deal with terrorists according to the US
government classification of them and
then he takes the money and gives it to
other terrorists in Latin America this
terrorists supporting Oliver North who
was convicted for these actions now is
proudly declared the new head of the NRA
they must be so proud and what does the
NRA do not only do they support giving
weapons to people on the terrorist watch
list but in essence by producing an
ocean of weapons in this country which
means that almost any unstable person in
the country no matter what their
politics are lack of politics are can
get their hands on an assault weapon and
murder does the people at a time they
are a necessary domestic terrorism again
Oliver North is the perfect candidate if
you want to support terrorists couldn't
have picked anyone better than Oliver
North so I'm speaking of his convictions
literally in his case he's a convict
North was convicted of three felonies
for his roles in the iran-contra scandal
now he was led off later to be fair on a
technicality they said no no you were
convicted and they got you dead to
rights
but they used some of your testimony
when you were testifying in front of
Congress and Congress had given you
immunity for that so they can't use the
evidence that is absolutely real that
they use in court and a jury convicted
you over okay on three counts your he is
definitely a convicted felon he
shouldn't even be able to buy a weapon
let alone try to sell all these weapons
and that's what the NRA does they don't
support gun owners they support gun
manufacturers in fact I suspect that
part of the reason for this move is
because this was actually an improvement
of their image in getting rid of the
last president why cuz the last
president was Lewin comfortable his name
is Pete Brownell and he is a CEO booze
fan
these firearm accessory retailer
Brownells so the last guy was literally
a weapons manufacturer and they're like
oh that's a little uncomfortable it
seems like that we're not really
supporting the NRA members we're clearly
supporting the the weapons manufacturers
who give us all this money and that is
what they do like okay let's have that
guy step aside he only served a year so
they're like let's bring in a guy who is
less problematic the guy who sold
weapons to Iran to terrorists and got
convicted for it that's who the NRA is
at least they're not making any
pretenses anymore they don't believe in
the rule of law otherwise they wouldn't
have brought in this convicted felon and
I by the way are they proud that he got
off on a technicality
I thought his service hated
technicalities it's not like he didn't
do it it's not like that the evidence
wasn't real it was just protected by
immunity because he had the testifying
for Congress because of the basically
the treason that he committed by not
following the laws of this country so a
lawbreaker supporting terrorists then
are a stinking mana from heaven peas in
a pod
enjoy NRA but at least the rest of us
know exactly where you stand two easy
ways for Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
