the ghouls and goblins that the GOP is
running now are unreal unreal they're
all over the country Roy Moore was a
child molester in Alabama he lost but
the general election but he won the
Republican primary
if you thought Roy Moore was bad buckle
up
here comes Don Blankenship and Patrick
little now Don Blankenship is a total
monster I'm gonna give you some sense of
who he is and how he's doing in a second
but me before I tell you that story I
want you to make sure that you stick
around for the Patrick little story
because he's worse than Blankenship and
right now he's a second place in the
California Senate race among all
contenders he's number one among the
Republicans how could it be worse than
Blankenship hold we'll get to him but
let's talk about Blankenship so he's a
former coal Baron he was convicted
because in one of us mines there was a
gigantic explosion twenty-nine people
died he had purposely not done mine
safety uh and and that's why he was
convicted and why to me of course for an
extra buck now he's running for the
Senate seat in West Virginia and you
know him by another name that he has
let's put up this picture here
you know mr. pallbearer obviously from
the WWE but god that's matches him
uncomfortably well on several different
fronts so yes that's what he looks like
but he also sounds like that in he also
says his same things like China people
he keeps referring to China people and
Mitch McConnell's China family why Mitch
McConnell Mitch McConnell's in Kentucky
he's running in West Virginia because he
perceives Mitch McConnell's to be the
head of the Republican Party and the
establishment and and yes it is true
that a PAC associated with Mitch
McConnell has run ads against
Blankenship in West Virginia because
they want to win that seat so that's why
he keeps attacking Mitch McConnell that
we've run his ads in the past showing
you what a lunatic Blankenship is but
he's not done yet he's got a new radio
ad but that's not why I'm telling this
story wait till you see what position
he's in but first yet another
st. ad from don blankenship this is don
blankenship candidate for US senate this
establishment politicians are getting
desperate and more hostile they're
calling me a bigot and moron a
despicable character and mentally ill
but even if all this is true I will do a
better job than they have done they have
resorted that is Childish name-calling
because they don't want us to focus on
the issues the issues are that we need
more West Virginia jobs we need to end
the drug crisis and we need an honest
government we do not need more childish
behavior like you may have witnessed at
the Fox debate the fake news is also
pretending to be offended by my use of
the worst china people they seemed not
to realize that China is a country not a
race the establishment has given
millions of our jobs to China people and
left many West Virginia people to fend
for themselves send me to the Senate and
I will represent the West Virginia
people not China people I am an America
person and I will put America first
that is so amazing an unsterile
different fronts first of all there is
no such thing as an America person not a
thing you made that up because you can't
prefer to China people as in Chinamen
it's an old-school slur against Chinese
people and against all ages of this
country since he used that slur he's now
saying everybody's a person what do you
mean there's Korea people there's West
Virginia people I'm an American person
no one has ever said I'm a West Virginia
person before it's not a thing but my
favorite part of that was in the
beginning they're calling me a bigot a
moron and a despicable character and
mentally ill why would you repeat those
charges in your own ad but it gets
better the next sentence was but even if
all of this is true he grants that it is
possible that he's a moron and mentally
ill it's unreal you know so that leads
me to the news of today
political reporting as the tight contest
hurdles to a close for Republicans say
they reviewed polling conducted in
recent days showing blankenship who
spent a year in jail following a 2010
explosion in his Upper Big Branch mine
they killed 29 work
moving narrowly ahead of his more
mainstream GOP rivals he's leading he's
leading he's number one in the
Republican primary the primaries
tomorrow the primary is tomorrow this
goblin is likely to be the Republican
nominee from West Virginia you never
know I mean it's getting so much media
attention it could change the dynamics
of the race and even Trump has gotten
involved so he tweeted out to the great
people of West Virginia we have together
a really great chance to keep making a
big difference
problem is Don Blankenship currently
running currently running for Senate
can't win the general election year
state no way he says remember Alabama
vote representative Jenkins for or
Attorney General Morrissey so there's
two other mainstream candidates such as
they are and in the Republican Party I
mean is there anyone that's sane left in
the Republican Party and by the way
those guys are running ads saying that
Blankenship is too liberal your mind
wasn't blown enough yet okay so how is
Blankenship going to respond to the big
dog Donald Trump throwing him under the
bus well he's got a great answer watch
while West Virginia really loves Trump
it's just policies that they love it's
the fact that he has demonstrated that
he'll support coal he's demonstrated
that he will note a stash if necessary
to support the steel industry he's
demonstrated that he is not a Swamper
and so it's those policies that West
Virginians love and I'm basically Trump
freer than Trump when it comes to those
policies but I'm a much more
mild-mannered and much more inland in
terms of social issues in West Virginia
than even president Trump well you got
you miss he is mild-mannered I mean what
he says is insane but his delivery makes
it appear that he has already died he
wasn't about low-energy I've never seen
anyone with less energy in my life
anyway I
offended by the word west virginians
what I understood was that they are West
Virginia people all right but of course
the interesting thing that everybody
noted from that response Donald Trump is
that he is Trump e'er than Trump that's
got to go on a shirt somewhere so oh boy
when we've got a new standard in the
Republican Party in the country which is
Trump e'er then Trump god help us all
so you might be wondering why is he
winning well for two reasons um and
again winning just in the Republican
primary two reasons one the Republican
electorate has lost its mind
they got egged on by fear and hatred for
year after year after year and so
they're like yeah fear and hatred that's
what we're for so this guy hates the
China people that sounds great to me
because I'm a West Virginia Republican
person so I'm one for blankenship that's
I mean he didn't get famous for doing
anything positive the only two things
Blankenship are known for is blowing up
a mine where twenty-nine workers died
and going to jail for it and for being
deeply racist in this particular
campaign it's not like people are like
yeah but on the other hand right it's it
well he does a lot of charity okay I
don't know how much charity does but
he's certainly not known for that so and
the other reason why Blankenship is
doing well over the final six days of
the race as political reports the
self-funding coal Baron is set to spend
over six hundred and forty thousand
dollars on commercials according to the
media buying totals more than Jenkins
and Morrissey combined Blankenship has
spent over two and a half million
dollars on TV ads in total far more than
his rivals in other words money and
politics this guy made a ton of money
running unsafe mines he's not using that
money to try to become the senator from
West Virginia
he's even overpowering his Republican
opponents by spending millions of
dollars on a West Virginia race man the
corruption runs so deep in this system
meanwhile the person not getting
anywhere near enough attention in the
race is actually a wonderful candidate
of course not on the Republican side on
the Democratic side Paula Jean
Swearengen she's running as Joe Manchin
they
also have a primary and it's also
tomorrow so whatever you do in West
Virginia get out there and vote if
you're a Republican Hey look man I can't
you you like the corruption you like
somebody calling people China people and
being Trump here that's your business
okay I would say vote against
Blankenship
but that's your primary Democrats what
are you doing
Joe Manchin represents the coal
companies everyone else Paul G
Swearengen is running against them could
you imagine if we had an honest
uncorrupted Bernie Sanders style
candidate against the monster that is
Blankenship she would have crush him she
would crush him instead Blankenship
might get to say well Joe Manchin takes
money from coal companies I ran a coal
company cut out the middleman
that's literally what Trump did you
think it can't work Trump said hey all
these people take money from politicians
I'm the guy they took money from cut out
the middleman go straight to the heart
of the corruption and it worked and it
worked so it might be able to work as
Manchin it won't work against paul-jean
here's her links and they're all down
below in the description box if you're
watching on YouTube or Facebook make
sure it's so easy to click just go down
there and click on when you get a chance
again the primary smart so whatever you
do just get out and vote go go go go go
okay so how could the California
Republican candidate Patrick little be
worse than Blankenship okay he rises to
the challenge and I'm going to tell you
about his poll numbers in a second
little called Adolf Hitler one of the
greatest leaders in history and then he
says he's running to liberate the u.s.
from the Jewish oligarchs and he
describes himself as a white advocate
who aims to crush anti-white racism in
u.s. institutions well that last one
sounds like right-wing troll on one of
our videos so Oh China people you say
hold my beer gay going straight for the
Nazi boat and get a load of this he's
winning among Republicans in fact this
is a race that Diana Feist Anton Allison
Hartson are in okay fine
thirty nine percent according to a
survey USA poll Patrick little said
eighteen percent he would go to the
runoff he would beat all of the other
Republicans and rest of the Democrats
keepin it real and he would go the
runoff in in California just the top two
advanced it doesn't matter what their
party is holy cow how the hell's he at
18 percent that's his sanity so we're
not done yet so the GOP kicks him out of
his convention out of their convention
this weekend and he's super mad about it
and so how is he gonna show me how mad
he is by standing on the Israeli flag
watch I want to serve my country on a
serve the United States I want to serve
California
I will not bow to a foreign foreign flag
serve a foreign government the
Republican Party the GOP of California
there's nothing but Zionist Stooges they
do the bidding of a foreign power that
has committed terrorist attacks against
this country this is what the Republican
Party's turned into look I'm not the one
that's saying they turned into this the
Republican voters are look at the
polling he's crushing the rest of the
Republican field in California crushing
them I don't even know how they know
about him let alone the fact that
they're like Oh neo-nazi who loves Adolf
Hitler yay in California so in
California the race if it were to go off
if that poll is accurate and it goes off
today you would have Feinstein who would
who would be Hillier Hillary ER than
Hillary I just made that up
okay hey but in straw in the context
Dianne Feinstein more way more
conservative than Hillary Clinton for
the death penalty voted for Bush's taxes
voted for Bush's Iraq war voted to
repeal the estate tax just changed her
mind after and Allison Hart's anadi
last week oh yeah marijuana maybe you
should be legal she's been fighting
against that fighting against criminal
justice she's so deeply conservative
funneled money to her husband who was a
defense contractor in the middle of the
Iraq war after she voted for the war
that's how corrupt Feinstein is so she's
worse than Hillary Clinton versus
Patrick little who's worse than Trump
who's Trumper than Trump and Trump here
than Blankenship but luckily you have a
chance to make a difference the top two
advanced for God's sake both for the
alternative Allison Hartson she she ran
a non-profit for five years and in the
nonprofit's goal was to get money out of
politics she takes no PAC money totally
uncorrupted she's crushing the rest of
them on social media she beats everyone
else combined I can go on and on she
beats everyone else's small donors this
is time for progressives to get
Redemption it's 2016 on steroids
but we get a redo this time make the
right
vote for Bernie Sanders style
progressive deeply progressive here are
the links for Alison Hardison again
they'll be in the description box below
this one as is primaries June 5th so
beat the neo-nazi beat the corporatist
why can't we have reasonable candidates
that succeed why do we have to have
monsters or total corporate hacks why
can't we have someone actually fighting
for the people but if you live in
California you can make that happen but
you've got to go vote you've got to go
vote so this is the Republican Party
Patrick little Don Blankenship Roy Moore
Donald Trump we didn't pick those people
the Republicans did so tomorrow we get
to find out if Blankenship is their
official candidate in West Virginia and
and then we'll see who finishes first
among the Republicans in California
whether they make the runoff or not but
for God's sake vote for real
progressives who are not gonna represent
corporations or their donors and who are
not going to represent monsters they got
a crazy new idea they're gonna represent
you the voters instead of the donors or
instead of the ghouls and goblins but
you gotta go make that happen help them
in every way you can get into the fight
and whatever you do make sure you go
vote go to the links down below and get
in a fight if you can't get in the fight
to fight against the neo-nazi when do
you get in the fight this is the time to
easy ways for the Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
