in the California Senate race there are
a lot of different candidates the
Republican leader is a neo-nazi Patrick
little and the Democratic leader is
Dianne Feinstein she's a current
incumbent there's other great candidates
like Allison Hart's that I'll tell you
about that in a second so who is
President Obama going to support
there's by the way also a state senator
who's a Democrat okay
so Obama is a ton of options on the
Democratic side so let's find out former
President Barack Obama waded into
California's Democratic primary for US
Senate on Friday throwing his support to
incumbent Dianne Feinstein say it with
me of course of course he did do you
really believe that Obama's progresses
does anybody believe that anymore
then he was fighting for change change
what to change the system to end a
corruption to your money out of pocket
and do anything for eight years so on
that note change changed what his main
accomplishment was a health care plan
that was originally written by the
right-wing think tank Heritage
Foundation Wow the dude is not
progressive he just isn't it's not in
his bones
he is the establishment so who does he
back of course he backs the most
establishment candidate out there and by
the way he went out of his way on this
one as The Associated Press notes it is
his only primary endorsement in the
congressional races so far in 2018 he
said wait wait wait there's a Bernie
Sanders style progressive Allison
Hartson running know I gotta get him on
this one hold my beer I got to go help
my fellow uh a corporate hack Dianne
Feinstein do you know that Obama's
cabinet was picked by an employee of
Citigroup handed him a list and Obama
picked everyone on the list but one
person they say owner know that that
employee is a guy who does the revolving
door in Washington he goes works in the
government then he works for the banks
and he works for the government then he
works for the banks that's an
explanation that's an excuse no no the
banker
whereas number one donors in 2008 and
they handed him a list of who will be in
his cabin and that's what he did
so get it out of your head that Obama
was in any way shape or form a
progressive he was a good mild-mannered
manager nice job in terms of being a
progressive and fighting for change who
the hell would support Dianne Feinstein
if you're fighting for change she hasn't
changed in 50 years she ran the
Confederate flag when she was the mayor
of San Francisco Mayor of San Francisco
not Chattanooga why she wanted to get
the Democratic southerners to vote for
her for vice president for Walter
Mondale she voted for everything Bush
ever asked for the taxes Iraq war on and
on she did the corruption her send the
contracts to her husband in the middle
of the Iraq war what it could mean think
about for the Iraq war your husband gets
all these contracts and on and on it
goes
Obama sees that doesn't think that's the
bug he thinks that's the feature oh and
why find sign in particular you know
Feinstein actually supported Hillary
Clinton in 2008 in their matchup but
Obama doesn't matter you care about that
once someone from the establishment
supports me because support in fact the
Feinstein later served as the chair of
Obama's first inaugural ceremony Wow
that took a lot of money and Feinstein
brought in money for Obama so
progressives no no no no no no Obama is
not going to do that if you're waiting
for Obama to support any progressive
causes or candidates please don't hold
your breath you'll hurt yourself
he's never gonna do it you remember how
he talked about it how he was gonna put
on his walking boots this is before he
was president put on his walking boots
if collective bargaining was ever
challenged those walking boots still in
the closet left completely unworn is
there any progressive causes that he's
rolled up the sleeves and gotten into
Allison hearts as a community organized
um community organizer come on who would
support that what I thought you were
community areas she was a teacher he was
a teacher doesn't care it was about him
okay now
people are saying oh wow that's
surprising now look this Obama even know
about Allison I don't know and the rest
of the media has is by the way also
deeply biased in favor of the
establishment they don't know that if
you're a writer in in California or you
work in media at all in California
you'll probably don't even realize it
but you're massively Pro establishment
why is there a conspiracy no of course
not don't be ridiculous but your ideas
politicians are awesome and I should
write about politicians and I should
focus on polishes and I should give
politicians a ton of free media but if
you're a real person like Allison who's
ran a non-profit for five years a
nonprofit to get money out of politics
no way no way
now so what do they do they cover the
other guy in the race kdl so he was a
state senator so the rest of the
California me toes like state senator he
does very badly in the polling look the
polling is all over the place to be fair
almost everyone is doing badly in the
polling including Dianne Feinstein she's
only a thirty nine percent but instead
of then going okay well who are the
viable candidates maybe on other metrics
they go I don't know I'm lazy and I'm
don't know it but I'm actually part of
the corruption so who's got more money
that they have amassed from corporations
who is an establishment politician I'm
the one who's gonna give them press so
they deal with kdl now let me give you a
sense of other metrics they could use
you know that Allison Hartson has in the
last week as an example she beat all of
the other chemists I think there's like
thirty candidates running in California
she beat all of them combined in social
media all of them combined the second
closest person she had six times as much
engagement in social media you know what
that tells you that's a groundswell now
is anybody covering that groundswell no
no wait yeah but is she a politician
taking money from corporate PACs no then
we're not gonna cover the groundswell
okay how about small donors so that
might indicate hey there's a lot of
people who support her who are giving
her a ton of contributions they're not
giving it in million dollar increments
like the the ones that the corrupt
politicians are getting so let's take a
look at that
72% of Allison's contributions come from
small donors those are donors under $200
that category
Feinstein laughs it's like why would I
take small donors I already have giant
donors only 5% of her contributions come
from from small donors but kdl the state
senator only 8% of his donations come
from small donors he takes the same kind
of kind of corrupt money that Dianne
Feinstein does so they say like as if
he's like a progressive no he's not an
alternative to the establishment he's
the establishments back-up plan you want
to get a sense of how much he gets from
large contributors this so-called
progressive got 86% of his contributions
from large donors and the list goes on
and on he also takes money from defense
contractors and telecoms her against net
neutrality what kind of progressive
alternative is this he takes PAC money
endlessly what kind of progressive
alternative is this
so the Obamas of the world and the
mainstream media they don't know the
degree to which they are taking part in
corruption if I am being kind to them
but the reality is they are they reward
big-money their award establishment
politicians over and over but you don't
have to do that you could support Alison
Hardison we'll have the links down below
to support Alison get in the fight you
volunteers get over 1,700 volunteers
she's lapping the field she's got more
volunteers and everyone else combined
okay what else does she have to do the
only way that the rest of the media pays
attention to Obama is if she went and
said well I did raise millions of
dollars from Comcast and Verizon and
Lockheed Martin and Boeing and an
ExxonMobil then they've done oh my god
you are a legitimate candidate you are a
legitimate candidate she is she is and
you guys can support her okay by the way
a quick programming note there I am
going to do an event with her you know I
supported can you tell by now okay May
8th that's tomorrow we'll cover the
primary so tea white tea network.com
/live and then afterwards I'm going to
rush over
to the stalking horse brewery and free
house in Culver City so RSVP at the link
down below if you're watching this on
youtube or facebook and and come over 27
bucks so they knew fundraisers getting
millions of dollars we're doing at 27
bucks at a time they say can't be done I
believe it can be done I believe we can
have a Bernie Sanders style progressive
that can actually represent the
progressives of California let's go do
it together two easy ways follow the
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
