early in the Trump administration Eliot
broidy who is a longtime fundraiser for
Trump raised money for the campaign
raised money for the inaugural committee
and then became a fundraiser for the RNC
after that was in communication with a
Moscow and london-based lawyer to
develop a plan that would get sanctions
lifted from a Russian gas company called
Nova tech Nova Tech was sanctioned in
2014 as part of the Obama
administration's pushback against Russia
for the annexation of Crimea the plan
that Elliot Brody came up with was a
two-year proposal that said that for a
cost of twenty six million dollars he
would try to get sanctions lifted off of
this Russian gas company the way he
would go about doing it is itself
instructive he lists a number of members
of Congress at Royce Dana Rohrabacher
and others that he would set up meetings
with he would spend 1.8 million dollars
on think-tank experts let that sink in
for a second he's you know these are
ostensibly independent intellectuals who
work for think tanks who are stab
helping to establish the kind of the
intellectual infrastructure that makes
up US foreign and domestic policy and
broidy's just simply telling this
Russian gas company that for you know a
million and a half dollars I can get
them to say that you're a company that
should not have sanctions on them and
and that that would be a good foreign
policy move for the United States about
twice that amount was earmarked towards
lobbyists a similar amount earmarked
towards various consultants there was
several million dollars that was going
to go towards conferences and other
expenses meetings with the other members
of the National Security Council the
White House and then continuing to push
for hearings in Congress planting
favorable articles and op-eds and over a
period of then two years the idea would
be that you would gradually soften up
the ground here in Washington and it
would be enough to lift sanctions we
reached out to LA Brody for comment
about this and he said that the deal
didn't go through for a number of
reasons one of which was that he got
legal advice that if he went through
with this he would have to register as a
foreign agent which is rather onerous
requirement
you have to you have to report to the
government every contact that you have
made on behalf of a foreign foreign
government so he's not alone in not
wanting to register as a foreign agent
and a lot of people in the past have
turned down business when they have been
told by their lawyers that no this would
require you to register if you did
interestingly he also said that one of
the reasons he turned it down is that
the the geopolitical situation changed
you know the when when these
conversations were first going on
it appeared too broad in others that the
Trump administration was going to take a
much softer approach toward Russia which
meant business opportunities which meant
opportunities to lobby for Russian
companies that wanted sanctions lifted
and key to this in the documents that
that we obtained is that it would then
allow investment bankers and other
brokers to earn pieces of future deals
you know once sanctions are lifted from
this gas company it's going to start
striking deals with companies that it
couldn't strike deals with in the past
and in order to arrange those deals
broidy was proposing that he would get a
cut of each one of those deals up to a
certain hundreds of millions billions of
dollars Brody says he eventually
realized the soft approach that he
thought was going to be taking towards
Russia wasn't going to happen and part
of it as a result of the Muller
investigation and of the Trump Russia
hysteria that developed around it and
that fueled it meant that it was very
unlikely that the president was going to
be able to move on this issue and it was
very clear that broidy's influence lay
with the president and not with Congress
in fact at one point the the Moscow
based lawyer rights to broidy after John
McCain introduces a bill or starts
talking about pushing a bill that would
require sanctions on Russian firms and
take the sanctions ball out of trumps
hands
rights to broidy and says this this this
looks like a problem for us the client
is concerned broidy says not a game
changer you know we need to we need to
lobby McCain and others to water down or
kill this legislation it should be fine
we can push forward ultimately he
clearly does
that there wasn't enough to go there I
talked to another source who was
involved in this and the way he
explained it was it was too high the the
risk was too high and the reward was too
low and I said well there's 26 million
dollars it seems like a pretty
significant reward but as he explained
you know most of that money is going
right back out the door you know it's
not as if you take the 26 million
dollars and you just pocket it for
yourself and he said the real reward
here was in in the little slice that you
take of these hundreds of millions of
dollars of deals are going to happen
after sanctions are lifted and if you
genuinely feel that the geopolitical
circumstances are such that you're not
going to succeed in getting sanctions
lifting lifted then you're just wasting
your time for what in Washington ends up
being a pittance a couple hundred
thousand dollars a month and so why take
that reputational hit why take the risk
why do why register as a foreign agent
well when it's unlikely that you're
going to succeed a little bit of context
on who Elliot broidy is and why this
person matters aside from being a major
fundraiser and a close ally of Donald
Trump you've possibly seen him in the
news for his connection well first
connection to the Playboy Playmate that
he apparently impregnated and then
reached a 1.6 million dollar settlement
through his attorney Michael Cohen he's
one of three clients and the other is
being Sean Hannity and Trump but the
other story that he's been involved in
that we've talked about here is with
Jorge nadir who was convicted here of
child porn also spent some time in
prison in Eastern Europe for pedophilia
and in between that has been kind of a
fixer for the US and Middle East foreign
policy circuit he's led one of these
stranger lives that you can concoct in
this very strange journey that has been
the the Muller investigation nadir was a
an agent of the United Arab Emirates and
he was the connection between broidy and
the UAE he funneled several million
dollars over to broidy as part of this
anti Qatar influence camp
that eventually went to fund a couple of
conferences or conference here in
Washington DC that was tilted against
Qatar part of what led up to the the
Gulf crisis which was the UAE in Saudi
Arabia bloc hating Qatar over disputes
that we really don't need to get into
Nader has come under Moeller's gaze
because he helped set up a meeting in
the session ease which is an island that
is heavily dominated by the UAE where
UAE officials met with Eric Prince who
is the brother of Betsy DeVos and
somebody who's very close to Trump as
well as Russian officials this is a
meeting that folks had to originally
denied it happened and then Prince
eventually admitted yeah I had a beer
with this guy now it has ballooned into
this meeting where there seems to have
been a huge number of people at it and
it has become a focal point for Moeller
whether or not it ended up being the
kind of back-channel to Russia that some
suspect it was or not either way it has
become a focal point of of the Moller
investigation and nader broidy's
associate was at the center of that
gathering i mean one of the many things
that troubles me about this is that he's
also a trump fundraiser and RNC
fundraiser so just like the NRA you have
these people bringing all this foreign
money and and then spending their money
on the culture war here ok so Elliot
Brody and Jorge nadir worked together to
basically secretly maybe I shouldn't say
work as foreign agents but they spent
foreign money to influence American
policy here and tried to cover their
tracks right what we know about friends
the New York Times reported that the
conference was funded by by UAE money
anti Qatar content or Kamandi Qatar
conference and we had dinners have have
documents that that confirmed that to be
the case and I don't think that the
conference's deny it necessarily anymore
they have policies that they don't take
foreign money and they say well we
didn't take foreign money we took Elliot
broidy's money but Ali Brody has now
said like that that money came
originally from the United Arab Emirates
and so then then the question
as well is that does that count as
lobbying or is it just supporting
educational institutions you don't have
to register to fund a wing of a hospital
and so if you're saying well this is
just cultural enrichment this this
conference it wasn't wasn't lobbying and
so that's why there are lawyers who are
experts in in fara foreign an agent
Registration Act who will tell you you
give them your scope of work that you
intend to do and they give you advice on
whether or not you need to register
under fara and in this case we got the
email between Elliot broidy and the
attorney for the Russian contract he
said here's what I would plan to do and
the lawyer wrote back it's quite
possible that you have already done work
that should have been registered under
fara just in the communications that
you've had so far but given the scope of
this work I don't see a way that you
don't end up having to register here and
he concludes it by saying I'm sorry I
know this wasn't the answer you were
hoping for but it's the best that I can
do for you okay so and so to his credit
he was he was clearly communicating
within getting advice from a lawyer who
had integrity rather than one who was
just going to say whatever you want to
do right right and so either because
Trump didn't seem to be the unitary
executive that he thought and or a
combination of all okay so just to make
sure people can piece it all together
what was Brody's role in helping to
bring about the Qatar blockade so broidy
and helped lead an influencer campaign
here in Washington that was designed to
hurt the image of Qatar and soften the
ground for that blockade and so he
thought with this Russian oil company
now I can make another big chunk of
money in the same way he thought
basically I take all this foreign money
and then I basically filter it to
American actors they're the ones who are
foreign agents not me because all I did
was filter the money and basically hide
yeah I guess his thinking was right I'm
just Kannamma connector here I'm the guy
that's gonna come up with the plan he
said he would help coordinate it give
some strategic guidance but he's not
going to set up the meeting
with the members of Congress he's not
gonna be in the meetings he's not doing
the lobbying that appeared not to be
sufficient for the lawyer who was like
well this is still too close to two
foreign agent work but it's not that
different from what he did with the
cutter and no one's coming after well I
don't know what he did in the way of
setting up meetings with well he he
actually met we do know that he met with
Trump to push the uese agenda to fire
Tillerson we we know that for a fact but
we don't know what other meetings he's
set up with with members of Congress we
do know that he what he called
socialized
