hey everyone its David Sirota so you may
remember the debate over the tax bill
and how much of the debate over the tax
bill when it came to corporate taxes was
allegedly about trying to disincentivize
corporations from moving their profits
overseas it's a lot of talk about that
in the election campaign a lot of talk
about that
during the debate over the tax bill
what's happened in recent decades is
that companies have basically created in
many cases subsidiaries or shell
companies overseas to claim that they're
making their revenues and their profits
in low tax countries so that they don't
have to pay American income taxes
corporate income taxes on that income
they can defer it if that income is
technically made overseas that has
essentially basically kept profits that
American multinational corporations have
made that's kept those profits overseas
outside of the jurisdiction of US tax
authorities so coming into the tax bill
and the tax debate over that piece of
legislation there was a push or at least
a rhetorical push to try to dis
incentivize companies from doing that
but what do you know a new Congressional
Budget Office report says that in fact
the recently passed Republican tax bill
does not solve that problem in fact it
may actually make the problem worse this
is a clause a fairly technical clause
buried in a Congressional Budget Office
report that recently came out it's in
sort of the fine print you have to know
what you're looking for and what your
what you're looking at but here's what
it basically said it said that the
provisions that deal with foreign
low-tack foreign income and low tax
countries that those provisions affect
corporations decisions about where to
locate tangible assets by locating more
tangible assets abroad a corporation is
able to reduce the amount of foreign
income that is categorized
essentially taxable under the the bill
similarly by locating fewer tangible
assets in the United States says the CBO
a corporation can increase the amount of
US income that can be deducted now
here's the key line in the Congressional
Budget Office report quote together the
provisions may increase corporations
incentive to locate tangible assets
abroad it's worth saying that line again
together the provisions may increase
corporations incentive to locate
tangible assets abroad so CBO is saying
that actually this bill may make it
financially a better deal for companies
to move even more of their assets
overseas so this is a big deal this is a
big admission and remember the
Congressional Budget Office is
nonpartisan it's you know I mean
depending on the on the era both parties
have their problems with it they they
sometimes criticize it sometimes tout it
but it is a nonpartisan office that
analyzes legislation for Congress there
now republican-controlled Congress
acknowledging that the tax bill
potentially incentivizes major
corporations to send their assets
aka potentially their profits overseas
more than they already do so now and
here's another interesting piece in this
that whereas the proponents of the tax
law said that the bill would end the
gaming of offshore tax loopholes the CBO
report also notes that companies will
likely still use accounting tricks to
move 200 plus billion dollars each year
in profits overseas that's also in the
Congressional Budget Office report so
the takeaway here is that while there
was a lot of rhetoric populist rhetoric
about closing those offshore tax
loopholes the tax bill according to the
Congressional Budget Office actually may
end up making the problem worse
so this
is effectively this CBO report debunks
at least a big piece of that rhetoric of
a piece of that rhetoric that you often
hear even from president Trump much less
congressional leaders who say they
supposedly want to make sure that
American jobs are kept at home that
companies have to pay their fair share
of taxes like American based companies
have to pay their fair share of taxes I
mean there's this whole debate here
about if you're a brick-and-mortar small
business in the United States you're
paying effectively or you're supposed to
be paying the corporate tax rate but if
you're a multinational corporation and
you can set up subsidiaries in places
like Bermuda or Ireland or other low tax
havens you can effectively try to defer
or avoid paying those same taxes which
of course gives a big financial
advantage a competitive advantage to the
companies that are gaming the system the
tax bill was supposed to deal with some
of that instead the CBO is saying it may
end up making the situation even worse
