you might remember the name don
blankenship because a few years ago he
spent a year in jail because of a mining
disaster at one of his mines that took
the lives of 29 coal miners and now he
is back don't call it a comeback but he
doesn't want to be your senator in West
Virginia and currently he's in a very
contested primary on the Republican side
now he has attempted to stand out in the
Republican field by using racial slurs
which I say is a stupid strategy they're
all doing it you fool
but he's come up with one that I haven't
heard in a while and it is China person
which he doesn't think is a racial slur
and so he said it originally he doubled
down in a debate we could go over that
if we want but he's released a new
campaign ad and it is just it's just a
work of art let's watch hi I'm Don
Blankenship candidate for US Senate and
I approve this message the politicians
have run a lot of crazy ads they blew up
the coal mine and then put me in prison
now they're running ads to say the coal
mine blew up and I went to prison
there's no surprise there but if you
want jobs if you want to end the drug
epidemic and you want to protect yeun
born you need to vote for me one of my
goals as US senator will be to ditch
cocaine Mitch when your vote for me
you're voting for the sake of the kids
I'm Don Blankenship candidate for US
Senate and I approve this message
Swamp captain Mitch McConnell has
created millions of jobs for China
people while doing so mitch has gotten
rich in fact this China family has given
them tens of millions of dollars
Mitch's swamp people are now running
false negative ads against me
they are also childishly calling me
despicable and mentally ill the war to
drain the swamp and create jobs for West
Virginia people has begun I will beat
Joe Manchin and ditch cocaine Mitch for
the sake of the kids
what's the chances that those kids are
not related to it and you're right
Brooke he talks about cocaine Mitch
while holding two heads okay don't talk
about the cocaine while holding me kids
yeah he's amazingly going to get me to
do my first ever defense of Mitch
McConnell there is no actual charge that
Mitch McConnell does cocaine like they
say cocaine was found on a ship of his
father-in-law whatever like what does
that do one thing that cocaine does not
make you do is act like Mitch McConnell
it's obvious he is trying to remember
the one sentence they gave him before
they cut and the Newsom's you could tell
it's like it's intense like you know
they say I went to prison no sit like
he's trying so hard it's like watching
someone remember dance moves his eyes
are so just like dead and lifeless that
I just was thinking dude you need to
smile until he did smile and it was way
creepier right to her but you know so
his first line I'm Don black should be
you should vote for me he had the dead
look in his eyes of a guy who is
constantly thinking about the 29 coal
miners who lost their lives in one of
his mind I think it's actually way
deaths there okay I mean it's it's funny
that you mention death because I'd like
to grow to graphic 16 okay so this is a
picture of Don Blankenship and you know
you're familiar with him you just saw
him here's another picture of Don
Blankenship okay I mean you're telling
me that that guy who did that is not the
Paul Bearer hey is that what you're
trying to claim I mean it was like it as
I was watching that I know there was a
25% chance that the Undertaker was gonna
show up yeah
Hey so anyway now we're burying the lede
China person oh yeah China family and
China family I've never heard China
family that's a new one he went old
school and then new school okay
so Ben and I are talking about this like
the funniest like slurs now how could a
slur be funny it's because it's it's
ironically funny because how could you
be so backward so ignorant so ridiculous
is to use the word Chinaman right so now
that's the what people used to say back
in the day an 8-week Ben and I for years
have been making fun of all those old
slurs like Mohammed did right that's an
old-school one it whole wait for it you
think Muhammad is not gonna go into some
ad later in this campaign cycle anyway
Chinaman I haven't heard that one in
decades and we would joke about how he
never heard it but true Thank You Trump
Thank You Don Blankenship they brought
it back they brought it back we should
have bet on it
okay but instead he put a twist on it
which is slightly more modern China
person like because he doesn't want to
offend China women for sure are helped
him with this but it's just I I don't
know if I want to be there but then I
don't wait till I get a load of me my my
wife is Chinese I swear I don't want to
know I don't want to know anyway so then
he of course famously I guess famously
now it's been a couple of days defended
himself by saying that's that well no no
that's not a racial slur
there are quote Korean persons an
African persons that's not a thing I'm
gonna marry overseas I have literally
never ever heard the phrase Korean
person persons are there Korean people
yes is Korean persons a phrase no never
spoken before don blankenship seven but
even that is Korean per
this is like not the adjective form it
would be your Korea person and China
person I don't think that the word
itself is racist but I'm willing to bet
that the person who says that word is
totally racist also exactly what he was
doing with the word is racist like with
a message he was trying to point out if
I'm pretty awful even if he used a word
that was more PC Brooks makes a great
great point and look I actually there's
some chance that there's some old-school
people they just haven't caught up right
and like when they were growing up in
1945 people used to say Chinaman and
they used to say colored person etc by
the way what do you still say that yeah
one of Blankenship's offenses was like
no it's not a race like Negro like oh
please stop talking please stop talking
right so anyway but I think Brooke is
absolutely right to point out the worst
part of that which is why is he randomly
attacking Mitch McConnell's wife and
father-in-law for being Chinese like he
didn't there's no allegation that they
did any noise Elaine Chao is actually
the Transportation Secretary for Donald
Trump if he said oh there is an
allegation that they're working with the
Chinese government that would be made-up
but at least that would be give you a
reason to mention their race he measures
their racism like godom if you're
confused Blankenship is running in West
Virginia I mean this is like giving it
too much credit by analyzing it at all
the idea of using the kinds of terms
that Trump uses which are popular with
people whose votes this guy's trying to
seek are things like the swamp going
after China for screwing us in the trade
deals that we've made with them he's
trying going against you know the swamp
monsters like Mitch McConnell get them
out I'm the new one he's definitely
trying to appeal to Trump type voters by
using Trump type language
unfortunately is going against you know
some things that he you know they are
they're very Trump yeah I will give him
credit though if you are running in West
Virginia where
I mean the coal industry is obviously
small and it's shrinking but it gets you
know more attention than perhaps it
should
so consider a big thing you gotta give
credit to the guy who's gonna run
despite having presided over an
absolutely horrific disaster in a mine
but then brings it up in his ads that's
another great point so it with a famous
ad of Christine O'Donnell in Delaware
where she starts her ad with I'm not a
witch
like it's like a politics one-on-one of
what not to do right because everybody
then goes wide are you a witch why is
this a conversation did it twice now
they're saying that I killed 29 people
at a coal mining disaster and 29 people
did die in a coal mining disaster i
presided over interview with sean
hannity where there's no proper and
approved by someone's like someone
helped him with this right and by the
way there were two ads there the first
one was the first one that he released
where he does the creepy smile at the
end and then he got in a lot of trouble
for saying china person etc in a fox
debate then he was the second ad where
he doubles down on not only does he have
a China person a China family something
exit the music cue they choose like a
jaunty bluegrass Diddy it's like no
you're talking about well what do you
expect from the pallbearer anyway there
is a real excellent candidate actually
in that race not on the Republican side
while on the Democratic side and no not
Joe Manchin apologies Swearengen she's
running for that seat wouldn't it be
amazing if we got an excellent
progressive instead of these monsters
and ghouls and goblins so we'll put the
links for Paula Jean in the description
box below if you're watching
YouTube or Facebook easy-peasy just
click on them find out more at
embarrassment of them find out more
apology and Swearengin someone who's
been West Virginia and her family's been
there for a long long time
daughter of coal miners and actually
fighting for real coal miners and the
real people of West Virginia vote for
someone that you could actually live
with Jesus that doesn't make you want to
throw up like this well vote for someone
who actually will fight for you instead
of guys like this yes you only have like
four days by the way yeah it's coming
very soon by the way next Tuesday we're
covering primaries giant primaries next
Tuesday so make sure you tune in here at
TYT comm slash live so you know the show
is normally 6 to 8 p.m. Eastern and it
will be that day as well and that after
the show at 8 p.m. Eastern election
coverage primary nights three big ones
coming up may 8th 15th and 22nd
back-to-back-to-back on Tuesdays ton of
states are voting don't miss it there's
high drama and all these could you
imagine if Blankenship wins the
Republican primary right now he's in
third that's like you know but I'll tell
you look if this works I despair of
humanity right right now I mean this
would be a back-breaking election if
Blankenship wins after running these ads
as he was trailing if these ads propel
them to number one two easy ways folly
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
