a California Democratic Representative
is proposing a new ban on assault style
weapons and a government program to buy
them back now in an op-ed by USA Today
representative Eric's wawel suggested
that we should ban possession of
military-style semi-automatic assault
weapons we should buyback such weapons
from all who choose to abide by the law
and we should criminally prosecute any
who choose to defy it by keeping their
weapons now in his proposal he says that
we should pay about $1,000 per gun
depending on the style of gun and he
conceded that the cost of the government
could run as high as fifteen billion
dollars depending on the price paid for
each weapon but he says it's a drop in
the bucket compared to the four trillion
dollars the US is expected to spend this
year he says what is it worth to
American taxpayers to not see our
families friends and neighbors cut down
in a hail of gunfire
consider this an investment in averting
carnage and heartache and loss so this
is a pretty big deal because prior gun
control proposals never really talked
about what we were gonna do about the
assault style weapons that are already
in circulation and he's saying we need
to buy them back we need to get them off
the streets get them out of houses and
this is pretty revolutionary
I'm sweat on this I'm split on this
because I keep thinking hi guys
people in Flint still don't have running
water that they can drink you know and
they could use the 15 billion or
whatever amount of money and I just feel
like it may I see where it makes sense
and I see where it doesn't make sense we
have limited resources so should we be
spending them enriching people that were
that crazy enough to buy these guns in
the first place so I'm yeah that that I
don't find persuasive I'll be honest
because we waste so much money on so
many things I mean that tax cut cost us
one point nine trillion dollars that
went straight to the rich into
corporations well 15 billion is nothing
nothing compared to that and it would
save a ton of lives the other part of
the
that is interesting is that in Australia
worked they did this and and it totally
worked
they had a mass shooting in the 1990s
where they banned assault weapons and
bought back weapons okay and they have
not had a single mass shooting since
then us on the other hand we average one
mass shooting per day in America that's
obviously we're larger than Australia
but still stunning numbers huge numbers
but Hannah's right this is revolutionary
not just ban assault weapons we've done
that before under Clinton we that's not
the current law but that's a that would
be amazing we're nowhere near that right
now but buybacks and then the one that's
really gonna get conservatives or gun
rights owners gun owners are upset is
criminally prosecute people who don't
give it back which that's fighting words
but I mean that's just logic if it makes
it makes sense if these are now illegal
and now you have one it is illegal I
mean what's what's so hard to understand
about that move move somewhere where
it's legal if you want to keep your gun
it's a lot of a lot of gun owners are
small government anyway so move to a
small government that makes sense for
your lifestyle and as you know I'm a gun
owner and I have been for many years I
live alone in Hollywood I love going to
and I know the reason why I picked up
shooting in the first place was cuz it
terrified me and I was sick of backing
away from things that terrified me and I
was sick of things like guns and other
things having power over me and and that
fear always being over my head so I got
through it I respect it I understand it
and and it's a it's a it's a big deal to
me that being said I guess I'm kind of
the opposite because I think this is a
great idea I think this makes sense it I
know it's expensive but even optics mean
something the rest of the country looks
at you know California Silicon Valley
you know we're supposed to be on the
cutting edge of everything and we're not
getting our crap together so at the very
least show the rest of the country this
is what we're willing to do Gina do onna
ar-15 like what you kind of what you
mentioned Helen as well it's like a lot
of these the people that are buying
these ar-15 are free well I'm not I'm
just saying they are in
lower-income communities they're
predominantly white and if we can
persuade them with 2000 $3000 to give up
these guns and not shoot up a school I
think that is the best money that we can
spend as taxpayers honestly and the fact
that we bring up the prosecution aspect
of it I mean if we're willing to
criminally prosecute people who you know
are carrying weed yeah
let's criminally prosecute people are
carrying these assault-style weapons
that are used in the military yeah well
that's a great point because man gee I
wonder what's more dangerous a joint or
an ar-15 and so would Diane Feinstein
I'm sorry Samantha lausanne are some
major changer position anyway in terms
of the the buybacks though look it's I
don't want people to give the wrong
impression you don't want to assault
rifle uh you know I'm with Helena I
think that's crazy I don't I don't get
it at all I don't know what you needed
for it are the deer that dangerous if
you're that bad at hunting go to Arby's
I don't I feel like people who are
stockpiling ar-15s are not gonna be the
first ones on you know in line to be
like you know take your two grand to you
know here yeah I just don't but they
might to I mean it's two grands a lot
and but but I want to be clear though
not everybody who owns an assault rifle
is gonna go shoot people right that's
not the point we're making but a certain
percentage of people who ever saw rifles
will we know that we know that for a
fact so if we get them off the streets
that means a certain percentage people
will not go on on a rampage because they
won't have an assault rifle or if they
do they'll do it with rope oh by the way
another gun but that doesn't kill as
many people and hence we'll save a lot
of lives two easy ways for the young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
