so what is the him to movement you've
heard of the me to movement and the him
to hashtag him to is trending all over
the Internet today so we'll break down
exactly what happened it all started
with a tweet from Blue Star Navy mom 3
who felt the need to communicate this
message about her son she tweeted this
is my son he graduated number one in
boot camp he was awarded the USO award
he was number one in a school I hope
that's a school and not just he was
number one in a school he is a gentleman
who respects women he won't go on solo
dates due to the current climate of
false sexual accusations by radical
feminists with an axe to grind
I vote hashtag him too and then a
delightful photo of her son in his I
don't know Navy outfit that's it so this
was trending this is where it all
started before we get to anything else
what is your reaction to this tweet
itself so there's a lot of wonderful
things that ensued so it's it starts out
as a little bit hateful okay hey but
there's twists and turns so don't don't
go anywhere but the two things that are
in the original tweet I'm trying to
decide what's more embarrassing my mom
saying publicly that I won't go on solo
dates because I'm afraid of women or the
picture she included it's just like this
is working I like the picture actually
it's very like it's the the other hit
not YMCA but the other hit from the
Village People in the Navy
this pose is adorable and also I feel
like they really missed out it should be
he - he - I mean that's what I think
it's like oh you should have just gone
with he - because it's also kind of not
the right way it's it and you know that
seems the right thing so I have issues
with the grammar as well yeah first of
all you're absolutely right they just
can't find a way to be clever right so
so Donald Trump there's nothing
alliterative there's no puns it's just
lying Ted crooked Hillary right it's
just like descriptive not a hint of
cleverness or irony
or any kind of you know you you need
some sort of I don't know a pun
somewhere that's what you want yeah and
and secondly wouldn't him too or he to
be like wait no my son was also abused
don't forget men or something like how
is it it's not the same it's yeah it's
it's it has nothing it's it's just I
don't know in this weird reaction that
somehow being able to speak up for
yourself and speak up for your your
truth is somehow assaulting men like
it's an assault on men yeah and it's
like if you have to decide whether it's
just aside from her own son if it's more
dangerous for men in this situation or
women who are being sexually assaulted
I'm gonna go with the more difficult one
is women being sexually assaulted that's
what I would focus on if I had to choose
between the two and that's it I like the
him too it's like his mom is like
grinding her own axe and she's like oh
and him to take my son dig him put him
out at the end there but not so low
though whatever we do now so it's like
what if you bring a chaperone some
nothing is bad will happen no I I once
talked to a girl about the different
horrible dates that she was on and my
favorite I think I told it in a postgame
for the members a long time ago was she
said someone ambushed her with his mom
like the oh we got to go pick up
something else and it was his mom and
she's like what what's going on and she
had to have the date with him and his
mom I was previously the most
embarrassing thing until this mom did
this to the whole world that's just the
one person it's like I hate to break it
to you mom maybe the reason he's not
introducing you to all the people he's
dating is because of stuff like this
yeah exactly
so that happened people on Twitter were
very quick to make their own versions of
it it was quickly Mima fide here are
some examples Macaulay Culkin was
featured in one this is my son and I
forgot him at home and he won't go on
dates because he can't drive rick astley
this is my son
he was number one on the charts he won't
go on solo dates even though he never
gave you up let you down run you around
or deserted you make you cry say goodbye
tell a lie or hurt you that is perfect
for the internet that's several names in
one yes so meta it's very meta yeah Mike
Drucker tweeted this this is my son it's
Guy Fieri he graduated number one from
the University of flavortown he was
awarded three banging fajita poppers he
was number one in flamin hot crunch he
will go on solo dates to the current
climate of false accusations taking of
taking the last slice of pizza
I vote him too so there's that so now
and the memes keep rolling no no this is
a little heavier but finally Peter
himself emerged and said that was my mom
this is Peter Hanson the individual who
was responsible who was in the original
photo
he said that was my mom he signed up for
Twitter under the hat the title at that
was my mom sometimes the people love
those hilarious
two things that hurt us without
realizing it let's turn this around I
respect and hashtag believe women I
never have and never will support him -
I'm a proud Navy vet cat dad and Ally
also Twitter your meme game is on points
so he embraced it and did like a meet
it's like seven amazing right things I
think yeah it's nice too because it's
like that constant like we're realizing
we're in a time now that we actually
have to apologize for all the other
people in our families you know and not
everybody's gonna get it right all the
time and so that's a nice example of
that yeah look that it's not just
Twitter wars I'm now I've heard a lot
about Facebook wars within families and
that really sucks and it's a it's
unfortunately a bad moment in the
country because of that luckily I know
my family is not insane so I'm okay
right but I've heard a lot of bedsores
but anyway so at Peter Hanson's in a
terrible spot that his mom accidentally
put him in I guess whatever but he this
is as good a turnaround as I have almost
ever seen on the Internet he goes from
goat to Internet hero in a couple of
tweets I mean to me there was so many
like you said there's seven layers
of excellence in that one tweet let
alone the others but to me my favorite
was him mocking to pose like doing the
pose again
yeah and including that Peter your get
it brother
it's nice it's really nice yeah
he also there was another thing I looked
through the rest of his Twitter when he
first started it here's and here's the
final graphic is the visiting another
example of an amazing thing he did he
essentially said I'm new at this he
tried it first without a picture he
added a picture so negative into
positives my little brother Cooper is a
child survivor of non-hodgkin lymphoma
and my personal hero please donate and
tag someone and then the make-a-wish
Foundation so like he's like he's a Navy
guy he's serving whatever it was all
just a really fantastic yeah he said in
another tweet he says so he's now
putting out pictures now that he figured
out the picture thing putting up
pictures of his cats mm-hmm okay
and he said so I've since learned that
becoming in and they're famous is the
best way to force people to look at
pictures of your cats so here we go come
on Peter Hanson wins the Internet I
mentioned he's getting a ton of dates
cuz of the tweet his mom sent out which
of let me know I'm sure it's just
rolling in no there's no way he's not
getting days down and almost all of them
solo thanks for watching this free clip
of The Young Turks don't forget to
become a TYT member today for more
exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
