we're obviously at this point very used
to Donald Trump's lies although we
continue to cover them but it's not
often that Fox News hosts take some
level of personal offense to Donald
Trump's lack of interest in the truth or
transparency and today we have one Fox
News host Neil Cavuto here's what he had
to say
so let me be clear mr. president how can
you drain the swamp if you're the one
who keeps muddying the waters you didn't
know about that $130,000 payment to a
porn star I think it did said you knew
nothing about how your former lawyer
Michael Cohen handle this
until acknowledging today you were the
guy behind the retainer payment that
took care of this you insist that money
from the campaign or campaign
contributions played no role in this
transaction of that you're short thing
is not even 24 hours ago sir you
couldn't recall any of this and you seem
very sure now I'm not saying you're a
liar you're president you're busy I'm
just having a devil of the time figuring
out which news is fake let's just say
your own words on lots of stuff give me
shall I say lots of pause like the time
you said the Russians didn't interfere
in the 2016 election until a lot of
Republicans had to remind you they did
came back months later and you said
well I never said that Russia didn't
meddle in the election when in fact you
had a lot now none of this makes me a
never Trump er just always confused none
of this makes what you say fake just
calling out the press for being so a bit
of a stretch you are right to say some
of them are out to get you but
oftentimes they're using your own words
to bash you your base probably might not
care but you should I guess you're too
busy draining the swamp to ever stop and
smell the stink you're creating that's
you're doing
that's your stink mr. president that's
your swamp
that could have only ended better if
he's like that's your thing that
seriously mr. president you stink
I didn't go that direction that's about
as critical as you generally get outside
of chef Smith on Fox News I mean it was
peppered with a whole lot of I'm not a
different brand you're draining the swap
but are you super busy I'm not saying
you're like you you've lied you've lied
you lied I'm not saying what you said
was fake or anything but it was pretty
hypocritical for Fox News it's just like
I'm not calling like you've lied you've
lied you lied but you're not a liar yeah
it's great it was great way so it's just
really late because a lot of people have
been saying that exact thing like how
can you drain the swamp since before
President Trump was elected yeah yeah so
it's great usually on those kinds of
shows when the host says mr. president
and then starts addressing the president
directly it's like a rhetorical device
but when you work on Fox News know
you're actually just talking to the
president who's watching yeah no I'm
gonna give Neil Cavuto a lot of credit
these are strange times
I give Tucker crossing credit a couple
of weeks ago so these are things I'm
unfamiliar with I know Neil Cavuto and I
do not agree on almost anything and yeah
you could say it's it's it's certainly
late in the game but it still it takes
courage for a Fox News host to go
against the base and go against Trump
and those are pretty strong words for
him to say it stinks and you you know
that's your swamp though Oh
names fighting words and so obviously
Trump's gonna be furious about that and
so is his base and in fact tonight
Cavuto came out and read a ton of hate
mail that he got from the base and from
his own viewers and what do they all say
oh I'm not gonna watch you anymore and
there might be some truth to that yeah
you know it's not like Neil Cavuto is a
giant right you could take it or leave
it and so if some of them leave it it
could actually hurt his career at Fox
News but credit where credit is due
he called him out I mean again I know
it's damning with faint praise and it's
a super low bar because this one was so
obviously alive so obvious but still it
could be super obvious and nine out of
ten Fox News hosts bug nope dampers
clothes so some degree occurred some
degree credit so who does this speech by
Neil Cavuto effect who does it get to
who does it convince to change their
mind because obviously something's
happened to Cavuto to make him feel
confident enough to voice this but who's
his audience because usually when you do
something that it's not actually
actually asking the president to change
it's making a point to some audience
maybe he/she was asleep at night baby
mmm
yeah yeah or maybe he felt that because
he's a fox news host there's some chance
that he could nudge the president in the
right direction as you said he probably
Trump will see that I don't know that
Neil Cavuto is on his top ten list of
favored Fox News personalities but maybe
he thinks I'm with Fox Trump loves us
maybe I can lucky he still supports the
president we're gonna Genda he wants
everything that Trump wants to do to
happen so maybe things that this is the
best way to help well so I'll give two
hypotheses here one is the kind or one
that he he and I think I believe this
one more to be honest so he looks at him
goes look I study this stuff day-in
day-out and normally does conservative
talking points etc but it's kind of
insulting his intelligence to say like
you really you want me to go out here
and say yeah that makes sense that you
never knew about it then you did know
about it but you didn't kind of know
about it you don't remember but you have
the best memory like like so I have to
say this I have to debase myself and say
this so a lot of Trump space does not
follow the news that closely they just
said whatever you know Trump says I'm
done with it I'm not getting in the
weeds and a lot of trumps base and they
brace for impact guys because I know
conservatives are snowflakes they're not
that bright so where's Kabuto you know I
guess a little bit of credit here I it's
also discredit he's smart enough to know
that a lot of things he says are not
exactly right either okay but he's good
at what he does and he's certainly smart
enough to know that the president is
lying and he's not gonna believe that
nonsense if I didn't know did know etc
yeah so he gets to a point where he goes
I just can't I can't do this
and the
turnip hypothesis is who's this audience
CNN because yeah because the that's the
next yeah company that might hire you or
by the way MSNBC they hired conserved
was non-stop is it going Greta get a
talk-show if it makes the president mad
yeah I mean look
Kabuto on Fox Business which is a
disaster there it's in terrible terrible
shape
and so a good way to get a job on
another cable news station is to like
criticized Trump once and forget CNN
MSNBC be like oh yes there's hiring
non-stop right-wingers who criticized
Trump slightly so yep so but that is
very cynical might have some parts of it
I knew tend to thing that that he just
got to a point where he just couldn't
take it anymore
no I was this far but look a lot of the
media is the same way I think that
they're all they have a different
tolerance than we do because a lot of
them went and said oh my god Sarah
Huckabee Sanders you know this is the
day she lost credibility no that day was
like day two if you're being generous a
billion lies but they're also like
credulous that they're like ah I think
so okay pick Sanders might have misled
us on this one and apparently for
whatever reason there's a crisis and the
and the bubble of the media and the
cable news people thought that this was
the straw that broke the camel's back
two easy ways folly on Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
