right where's online love to pitch
themselves as victims saying that
Twitter is censoring them YouTube is
censoring them GoFundMe and crowd
sourcing platforms are censoring them
but above all Facebook is definitely
censoring them and we've recently had
diamond and silk to pro Trump women
before Congress talking about how their
page had been shut down which of course
it hadn't that their reach had been cut
which of course it hadn't we have all
the actual data on these things but
they've been saying in they've been
saying it for years and unfortunately
they're whining as it so often does has
worked
Axios reported on May 2nd that Facebook
is going to be bringing on lobbyists and
former Arizona Republican Senator John
Kyle to advise the company regarding
claims of conservative bias on its
platform the effort will not include any
liberals additionally Facebook
executives will be receiving advice from
the conservative think-tank Heritage
Foundation on the supposed anti
conservative bias so they are not biased
against conservatives all of the data
shows it but they're gonna bring all
these conservative individuals and thing
takes in and what do you think the
outcome of that will be it will be bias
but not against conservatives if you are
actually neutral or at least screwing
over everyone equally and then you bring
it a bunch of conservatives the only
outcome is moving against liberals so I
often defend the the social media
platforms and I always give the caveat
that look these guys are our partners
too let's keep it real we're on Google
we're on YouTube and Facebook etc I'm
not going to defend Facebook on this and
they have a really hard job you know
they they get accused of being having a
liberal bias they bring in conservatives
to help them figure out what the truth
is and they're like oh these guys rule
that's messed up we can't do that
alright fine we can't use humans so
we'll go to an algorithm they use an
algorithm and then fake news pops up and
then they get criticized for fake news
and they're like oh right so that's the
background and that's as much of a
defense as I'll give them having said
that no you're buying into
some the oldest trick in the book
and and you are actually very much pro
conservative I know that might blow your
mind and and Zuckerberg says that that
Silicon Valley is quote extremely
left-leaning place no it's not let's be
clear about that you've got to separate
out the two sides social issues and
economic issues on social issues I agree
they are Silicon Valley is liberal they
don't hate black people just for because
they're black they don't hate gay people
just because they're gay and so yes that
is true and I know that drives a lot of
conservatives crazy so they might say no
no no no no blacks and Latinos we don't
hate them you're being super unfair I
mean Latinos shouldn't come into the
country they're dirty and they're
bringing in crime etc and and Obama was
not really an American and etc but no no
you're being unfair and and gay people
shouldn't have the same rights as
straight people but what do you mean we
hate so yes Silicon Valley does not
agree with your bigotry okay good and
you shouldn't you shouldn't be balanced
on that that's insanity right now on
economic issues no Silicon Valley is
very conservative they won't they don't
mostly companies don't even pay their
taxes yes they find legal ways to do
that giant loopholes we they go over to
the Netherlands they go to Ireland they
go to the Cayman Islands and they've
pushed for tax cuts so saying Oh golly
gee oh we're all liberals no you're not
when it comes to economic issues you're
not remotely liberal and so that what do
they do in this case they hired a
lobbyist jon kyl who by the way is known
as a guy who makes up facts he was a
senator from Arizona that doesn't mean
that he's legitimate he's the guy who's
among many but he wrote a letter to The
Washington Post say Saddam Hussein is
the one who did 9/11 that was a gigantic
lie that's almost the definition of fake
news and that led us to going into Iraq
and one of the worst decisions the
American government has ever made and
now that guys in charge of telling us
what fakes and fake news is and by the
way that's among the many things that
Jon Kyl has said wrong on purpose he's
the one that said the total fabrication
about Planned Parenthood
all they do is abortions basically etc
Stephen Colbert made fun of him famously
for that comment and the list goes on
and on but the thing that drives me
crazy is they hunt they only only hired
a conservative they did not hire a
liberal they're like oh we don't need
liberals we don't need liberals oh
that's new is a piece of conservatives
well you know what that makes you a
conservative if your idea of balance is
only conservatives and no liberals that
doesn't make you a liberal that makes
you a conservative so they will
discriminate against liberals they do it
all the time and and by the way one of
the things that main thing that they're
gonna do is they're gonna say CNN yelled
at us so CNN is legitimate and
trustworthy New York Times Washington
Post legitimate and trustworthy John
Kyle says Breitbart and all these insane
jackasses on the right who lie non-stop
they're legitimate because conservatives
yelled at us but if your god help you if
you're a progressive and you're
independent
they're coming for you and so does that
include us I don't know we're we're the
largest online news show on the planet
so maybe they'll go okay that's fine or
maybe they'll go I don't know John Kyle
told me to kill off your show and maybe
you maybe we survive because we're so
large but everyone that isn't as large
as us you're in a world of trouble man
all those progressive outlets you're
they just hired John Kyle to kill you I
don't mean literally of course
physically but I mean to kill it off any
traffic you might have on Facebook etc
they get it through your thick skull you
have a conservative economic bias not a
liberal one they yeah I mean it's a it's
a their data companies and they are so
focused on data in many many ways but
they also don't like to get picked on
they're still like you know I would
school a lot of like you're still kind
of nerds and they don't like to get pig
on they're like oh my god someone's
picking on me and then the bullies are
doing that to them and they're like all
right fine here's a room let's have a
meeting do it just stop picking on me
and that's that's how this happens and
it reinforces that kind of behavior it
reassures people that your tactic of
intimidating Facebook is working and
then
stop frustrating it's this idea that
facts don't matter as much as complaints
- and we see it unfortunately in local
news syllabic we saw it in the coverage
of how we covered Colin Kaepernick Neela
facts don't matter as much as complaints
do we saw it in the reaction to the
White House Correspondents Dinner facts
didn't matter as much as the complaint
state it became this entire story about
how she was bashing this woman's looks
and initially I feel like a lot of
people watched it and we're like never
thought that at all um and here it is
again facts don't matter as much as
complaints do it happens everywhere and
they're in it because they're gonna
advertise the company and and you guys
are all right you think it's gonna make
the complaints go away no it's gonna
make the complaints double why is it
worked and and so you'll then lean more
heavily conservative and and that's why
conservatives are professional crybabies
they literally do it on purpose so they
get triggered and they they need a safe
space like Facebook you need to create a
safe space
it's categorically empirically not true
that diamond and silk were discriminated
by Facebook and by the way they went on
Fox News after it was proven that
Facebook not only did not discriminate
against them but sent them a letter
saying how can we help and they went on
Fox News and said they never sent us a
letter you know what that is that's fake
news and what are you gonna do you're
now going to reward that fake news
because you don't want to be bullied and
Ted Cruz yelled at you fine
I'm now yelling at you you guys are
conservative and you discriminate
against progressives all the time and so
look you're pushing and pushing and
pushing the great majority of the people
online is certainly among the young who
are very progressive you keep pushing
them away saying we're a giant
conservative corporation who doesn't
give a damn about you all we're ever
going to do is look out for
conservatives we're never gonna look out
for progressives I'm gonna guess that
that's not a winning business strategy
when 80% of the young are progressives
but good luck with that mark two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of
our videos
