the fallout continues from Rudy
Giuliani's reveal two nights ago that
Trump had actually repaid Michael Cohen
for paying off of former adult film star
stormy Daniels for her affair with
Donald Trump we broke it down and
yesterday's show it's incredibly complex
it's complicated purposefully nobody
seems to know what's going on because it
appears that if he did repay him
question arises why did Michael Cohen
say that he'd never been repaid is that
a violation of campaign finance law as a
number of things like that and so now
they're attempting to pick up the pieces
and first up we have Rudy Giuliani and
him attempting to clarify what it is
that he might have meant two nights ago
that he didn't know the details of this
until we knew the details of it which is
a couple weeks ago maybe not even a
couple of every ten days ago remember
remember when this came up October 2016
I was with him day in and day out then I
can't remember the details of what
happened imagine if that came out on
October 15th 2016 yeah a little of the
you know last debate with Hillary clips
so to make him go away
they they made this home he didn't even
ask Cohen did Cohen made it go away he
did his job so and again they're saying
despite all of what you just heard it
has nothing to do with the campaign so
it's not a violation violation campaign
fault laws even though they're clearly
saying it had an effect on the campaign
originally I also put out a statement
about a couple of different things first
he says there is no campaign violation
the payment was made to resolve a
personal and false allegation in order
to protect the president's family it
would have been done in any event
whether he was a candidate or not
because we're just after a couple of
decades we're just so used to having to
hush up his affairs it would have
obviously you know standard operating
procedure second my references to timing
were not describing my understanding of
the president's knowledge but instead my
understanding of these matters because
they've been saying for some time that
Trump didn't know anything about this
that somehow he had engaged he had been
put into an NDA with stormy Daniels
without ever knowing about it and then
had paid back more than 100
thirty thousand dollars without ever
knowing about it which seems a little
bit odd it also raises the question why
are you what are you going up and on TV
and just giving a hunch about what you
thought happened you're a legal
representative of the president now and
you're talking well any knowledge about
what he knows or did know that seems a
little bit questionable and it goes on
into other areas but this is what we've
got so far on the Kohen his attempt to
clarify things and we'll have Trump's
response in a little bit okay so I just
want to jump in clarify a bunch of
things at number one everyone in the
country knows he's lying we're just done
with it okay like yeah even the Trump
guys there I think they're barely
pretending that they don't know that
he's lying
hey I mean when he's abroad I don't
anything about it and Giuliani said well
of course you had to make the payment
you didn't want that coming out in the
middle of a Hillary Clinton debate well
we're done with it it's obviously about
the campaign they campaign by the way
this is important the campaign doesn't
have to pay the money for it to be a
campaign finance violation in fact the
fact that Michael Cohen paid the money
is more of a campaign finance violation
because it's not part of the campaign's
money it's that guy giving a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars in effect to the
campaign which he's not allowed to do
the max is fifty four hundred and by the
way this is also very important you also
cannot loan the campaign anything above
fifty four hundred dollars so even if he
all the fact patterns that they are all
stating were all true which is hilarious
of course that's not the case but if
Trump and Joey on a somehow you threaded
that needle and you got it yeah okay
sure he knew but didn't know but kind of
knew but didn't know and I believe all
that even so it's a loan to the campaign
which was then repaid in 2017 according
to trump and Giuliani and that's way
over the fifty four hundred dollars
that's a campaign finance violation that
is against the law that's criminal
etc so and he admitted it he said it he
said it was because of the debates that
was done with it we're done with it
they're so monumentally stupid and I'll
tell you why he did it in a second but
first a quick aside then I wanna have
everybody jump in and then at the end
I'll tell you why all this is happening
so he said yeah I mean I don't - October
2016 who remembers October 2016 I think
we all remember October it was kind of
an important moment in American history
and it wasn't like October
you know 1986 who remembers no one
remembers right 2016 that was that
longer anyway he made one of the
reference I'm gonna go to graphic 19
here and then video 12 he made one other
efforts Juliana did to memory he said I
would doubt that the president would
recall it because it was mixed up in a
whole bunch of other things $130,000
would not be an amount that would cry
out to you that this was a settlement of
some substantial charge okay the second
part so hilarious who would even bother
reporting okay even even if you're super
rich which Trump is not you're super
rich a lot of money okay everyone
Bill Gates notices one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars if someone made
that payment on his behalf that would be
a big deal but the first part is the one
that I was amazed by the president will
recall it because it was mixed up in a
whole bunch of other things
or she I doubt that the president would
recall it because he's now employs
several times the president has a really
bad memory so I just want to go to the
president see if he agrees I don't have
teleprompters here folks
I don't need teleprompters it's called
like up here and it's called memory and
it's called other things I have a good
memory and all that stuff like a great
memory I have a really good memory and I
have a very good memory
I have a good memory like a great memory
I have a great memory I'm blessed with a
great memory one of the great memories
of all time what are the great memories
of all time so he couldn't possibly miss
remember none of it makes sense they're
all saying and they they're sort of this
kind of like secret language they've
they've been discussing things I think
they need a translator because why did
you say this in the first place and then
you know it's not even the lies aren't
even making any sense
like I can't even put it together and
try to figure out what they're trying to
do
then just not tell the whole truth right
that's it it's like yes there are a lot
of different facts being put out there
or statements being put out there as
fact and they all contradict each other
so lead you to believe that in because
of all that because it's not easy to
understand that it's complicated but it
is not complicated it's very simple to
me Michael Cohen's job is take this
money make people shut up for all the
terrible things that I do there are a
lot of inconvenient truths about that
dynamic as it relates to campaign
finance as it relates to trying to
become president of the United States
and because it would it's such that such
a simple explanation and the that
explanation yields and terrible
consequences for them but the only other
aspect of this is like how do we hold
him accountable like what you said it
wasn't complicated allow me to
complicate it a little bit so Rudy
Giuliani came out and said you know that
Cohen was being repaid according to Rudy
Giuliani he spoke with Trump that night
two nights ago and Trump said you did a
great job he loved his performance and
then Trump comes out and tweet storms
yesterday morning largely agreeing with
everything that Giuliani had said in
language that Trump doesn't actually use
but some lawyer did for him so then it
becomes a little bit odd when Donald
Trump is asked about this today and if
you could get video 5 ready you're gonna
see that apparently maybe he doesn't
agree with Giuliani after the fact a
Rudy knows it's a witch-hunt
he started yesterday he'll get his facts
straight he's a great guy but what he
does is he feels it's a very bad thing
for our country and he happens to be
right
I will tell you this I will tell you
this when Rudy made the statement Rudy's
great but Rudy had just started and he
wasn't totally familiar with everything
but you know with everything and Rudy we
love Rudy is a special guy but he really
understands it that this is a witch-hunt
he understands that probably better than
anybody but when he made certain
statements he just started it yesterday
so that's it but you'll be finding out
it's very it's actually wait a minute
it's actually very simple it's actually
very simple but there has been a lot of
misinformation really people wanting to
say and I say you know what learn before
you speak it's a lot easier
all that information is from you yeah
well is it so he says repeatedly he
needs to get his facts straight he
didn't know it was going on first of all
seems a little bit odd to hire this guy
to represent you then put him on a media
blitz so he doesn't know what's going on
but you've already confirmed what he
said so now he didn't have his facts
straight you need to get your facts
straight let us know which ones weren't
actually true so let me explain the two
main parts here why bother going on this
merry-go-round of Lies so what's the
reality we all know what the reality is
he slept with stormy Daniels she has
pictures that's why he decided to pay
her instead of just denying it as he did
with 29 other women or however whatever
the number is up to right and so that's
why he didn't want to coming out right
before the election and now Giuliani's
admitted that that's why he told Michael
Cohen to pay her other $30,000 are we
really having this conversation like
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump didn't
actually talk hey do you want to pay off
the porn star that I slept with or you
just want to make that call on your own
that $130,000 call that's incredibly
important to like now don't bother
asking me about it no of course they
have that conversation is the reality we
all know that so why did you leave me
and then Trump goes riding with it
that's an easy lie saying I got nothing
new with it why not just stick with that
life the reason they sent Giuliani out
there to talk to Sean Hannity and come
up with the second language complicated
things was because if Michael Cohen made
the payment and Trump didn't
back then Michael Cohen is definitely
guilty of campaign finance laws
violating them okay and he continues to
deny that he was reimbursed righteous on
including up to today yeah which is very
very interesting but so since then
Michael Cohen is would be in deep deep
trouble and would then probably have to
flip on Donald Trump they do not want
him flipping on Donald Trump because he
has information about other stuff let
alone stormy Daniels
that's why Giuliana had to go out and
say no we paid go back no no it was it
goes money
it wasn't goes money it's not a campaign
finance violation it would we paid him
back and so it was Trump's money and
Trump can put in as much as he wants
into his own campaign so that's why
their original line now
I love the Trump said you know is his
first day it was just you know he just
started yesterday so he you know didn't
why did you send him on Sean Hannity's
program to talk for an hour straight
right so you are the worst manager of
all time if that's true but now what why
is Trump going back and forth here and
kind of halfway throwing Rudy under the
bus if he asked him to do it in the
first place because that is Trump's mo
what he does is he says okay Sarah
Huckabee Sanders Rudy Giuliani whoever
it is go out there and tell this stupid
lie that I came out with and they're
like are you sure mr. president that
seems wrong what do you mean yeah of
course I'm sure go tell that lie so he
did go on TV they tell the lie and
everybody goes that's a stupid lie and
then when they come back he goes why did
you tell that stupid lock because you
told me do tents the water's for a
little bit that's right blows up and
it's like okay listen I that's not me
that's them exactly because he never
takes personal responsibility and and
he's an absolute fool and he rushes into
these decisions and makes people do
things that make no sense at all and
then he denies it and blames them
because he's a child two easy ways to
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
