a judge recently ruled that the EPA had
improperly delayed investigating toxic
pollutants from power plants that were
affecting minority communities all over
this country
it's what's commonly referred to is
environmental racism when I saw this
when I saw this article on this Ferren
the thing that startled me the most is
these environmental race these
environmental racism kinds of cases
they surround so many parts of our
society in other words you in our town
in Pensacola Florida for example they
built a sewage plant right in the middle
of an area where it's the highest
minority population but they do this all
over the country they whether it's a
Superfund site they will build right
next to high minority population whether
it's a power plant you know with the
spewing all types of chemicals in the
right whether it's a royal refinery it
this is not just our town it probably if
somebody's watching this and they drove
around they would find the same thing
exist in their city what when you read
this what was your reaction absolutely I
think this issue of environmental racism
is something people don't understand
they don't understand that that it is
the minorities that are most affected by
these corporate pollutants it is the the
poorer communities of any color as well
but this particular case was brought
because the EPA has a duty according to
the supreme court right you know to
investigate any kind of claim of
environmental racism or any kind of
pollutant and they only have a matter of
days to do it 180 days 180 days 20 years
in some of these cases that were just
heard 20 years that have been going on
before the EPA even or well they never
looked at it they'd been sitting there
for 20 years so the judge in this case
says no you absolutely have to do this
you know this is a they said it was an
environmental racism under title 6 yeah
of the Civil Rights Act a violation of
the Civil Rights Act because they were
essentially targeting the the
corporations targeting these communities
and then the
turning a blind eye towards it because
they don't want to have to look into it
this stretch Clinton Bush and Obama yeah
they're all the Abimelech and Democrat
you know I get so tired God Almighty I
get so tired of getting these emails
from you know these the Democrats who
believe or Republicans who believe that
their party is the solution all this
it's it's both sides yeah Obama was just
as bad as Bush Bush was just as bad as
Reagan Reagan was just as bad as Clinton
on this 25 years this has been going now
look there's nothing equivocal about
this statute the statute addresses this
it says look when we look at how where
we're putting these problematic type
issues oil refineries sewage plants
superfriends Superfund sites power
plants what we're finding and this is
what this is what why this started they
were finding cancer clusters they were
finding asthma and respiratory clusters
all around these kinds of places they're
finding neurological clusters they were
finding they were finding leukemia
non-hodgkins lymphoma around these kinds
of areas so they said this is this is
more than just environmental racism this
is absolute medical health racism and so
the thing that struck me about this
story you know to me that struck me the
hardest was the EPA comes back and says
well you know we didn't do anything
because they were moot issues we took
care of them well they didn't take care
of them sometimes for a decade and under
the law you have something called a writ
of mandamus that we've talked on this
show about it's a writ of mandamus a
writ of prohibition is when you file a
lawsuit and say this agency isn't doing
what they're supposed to do and as a
result we got to do something about it
and it is again the EPA is ordered to do
these you know during the Bush
administration the EPA was much like it
is now not doing their job at all at
least under Obama they gave us a little
kind of appearance of doing their job
they did it enough to not get in trouble
basically but during the Bush years they
weren't doing anything they weren't
investigating any
they weren't enforcing clean air clean
water act rules so the Supreme Court
under Republican rule ruled that hey you
have to do your job you have a
constitutional you know authority
ability and duty to go out there and
enforce the rules of your agency and to
fulfill them to the best of your ability
and here we've seen that you know that
decision came out while all of this was
going on in the EPA still did nothing I
mean some of these are from 1994 yeah is
how far back these environmental racism
cases go and it's for you know these
wood burning factories that just spew
pollutants into the air
you've got coal ash facilities that are
highly toxic and and nobody is even
talking about the the effects of toxic
coal ash right and so there they target
these communities they really do you're
not seeing this in the gated communities
look at Flint Michigan that's nice again
why did it happen in Flint Michigan why
did they get the poisoned water because
they had no political clout because they
couldn't go meet with the mayor they
couldn't meet with the City Council they
couldn't meet with the house of
representatives of the Senate these
folks can Exxon can go do that
Monsanto can go knock on the governor's
door and say I want to talk to you about
this what is the access of the what's
the possibility of that kind of access
here's one disappointment to this case
to me the case really was about pattern
and practice okay because you could take
what happened in any one of these cases
whether it was Flint whether it was
Texas California didn't make any
difference this plays out all over the
country and it always it always ends up
that it's about access it's about
influence it's about affluence and so
for us to look at it and say oh gee
there was absolutely no reason why why
Obama of all people in that last
administration couldn't have taken this
because there's still a ton of these
cases still out there in the EPA is
still taking no action on it it's just
if it's just you know you know a crazy
thing out full disclosure I'm not
Republican I'm not a Democrat I'm an
independent
been for 35 years okay there was a time
though think of who put in place the EPA
Richard Nixon of all people tricky dick
gave us the EPA all right Ronald Reagan
took it away but the point is you can't
look at parties and say oh this party's
better than the other party because it
simply doesn't work out what we know it
doesn't work that that's really
interesting to point out too because
there was a time you know when
Republicans were the the conservation
party I mean a Teddy Roosevelt was huge
right on preserving and protecting the
environment Nixon came along gave us
this gave us the Endangered Species Act
but today it's what can we give the
corporation where can they put their
their you know toxic sites and they do
it a lot of times too they offer them
big tax breaks to go put it into the
poor pollution there yeah yeah you know
keep it away from the the wealthy folk
and you put it over here and we'll give
you money yeah build in these community
interested twist on politics there
