what's up guys I'm back from London our
timelines in a weird place right now
with Kanye West going full Magga
and Taylor Swift now urging people to
vote Democrat in Tennessee what and of
course some like Charlie Kirk who I'll
be debating all over the country next
month are not too happy about this
first of all is disappointed what I
always respected about Taylor Swift is
that she would stay away from politics
I love Whig conservatives in a post
Magga era try to act like they hate
celebrities who get involved in politics
your relevance is predicated entirely
upon Trump's existence a celebrity who
got involved in politics so look Taylor
Swift I love your music
personally Kanye West I'm a bigger fan
of his I wish you would have not done
this but Charlie Kirk telling a
celebrity to stay out of politics is
additionally ridiculous what I love
about Kanye West is he has been blazing
this trail saying it's okay to think
freely it's okay to oppose the status
quo and in fact what what makes America
the greatest country in history of the
world is free thinking since you know he
was instrumental in turning Kanye into
this Maggie weirdo behind the scenes
with Candice Owens Candice who of course
also hates when celebrities speak out
about politics here's the thing famous
ladies and gents nobody cares what you
think nobody unless famous ladies and
gents you will repeat some of my talking
points and make me famous in which case
I think you should run for president
there's no reason why you can't be
successful in a campaign for the
presidency if that's where as hard as
that McCain isn't charlie are perfect
examples of grifters who will say
virtually anything to get retweets from
q and on boomers and checks from
Republican millionaires they both
willingly engage in unimaginable
intellectual dishonesty to protect
father Trump and call out anyone who
dare oppose the Republicans including
claiming that Taylor Swift has been
co-opted by leftist activist it's
evident that she has been co-opted by
activists on the left that want to use
her brand her visibility and popularity
this kind of projection Wow come on
Charlie you literally drop everything
and never left Connie site for weeks
filling his rotting brain with insane
Republican talking points you and
Candice Owens bailed on attending an
event at one of your colleges to fucking
hang out with Kanye West literally
nothing you're saying here makes
maybe Taylor Swift spoke out against
Martha because of her positions like
imposing gay marriage or rejection of
evolution or the fact that she promoted
and co-sponsored birther legislation
maybe she should actually learn about
her record in Congress yeah how could
Taylor not support a person who's
calling for a sealed border claims that
Planned Parenthood sells aborted fetus
parts and voted against equal pay I
don't know could be those things or
maybe it was liberal mind control look
some celebrities make stupid choices to
sell albums like Kanye and others take a
brave stance despite the backlash they
inevitably receive I'm sorry if you want
to upset the mega Taylor Swift fans on
your timeline please share this video
and leave your thoughts in the comment
section below also I'm live every day at
twitch TV / Hassan obby at 4 p.m.
Pacific and please join TYT membership
at TYT comm / join to support us and
this has been the breakdown never miss
another breakdown video by ringing the
bell below you'll get notified whenever
we publish something new also don't
forget to join TYT today download our
TYT + app on your phone or head on over
to tea y-t-dot-com / join
