but Krong continues to strive to make
our planet great again and scientists
are fleeing to France to make it happen
so six of the 14 scientists elected from
ekron initiative are from the US and
will each receive at least $600,000 to
research various different climate
projects now you can take a look here at
McCrone speaking about the initiative
and maybe some reason why he decided to
launch it Ike owns them come and work
here with us I reaffirmed curly that the
Paris agreement remains irreversible and
will be implemented not just by France
but by all the other nations we will
succeed because we are fully committed
because wherever we live whoever we are
we all share the same responsibility
make our planet
great again I think it has a lot to do
with with Trump pulling out of the Paris
climate agreements and the cheeki name
makes it pretty obvious that the crooned
is responding here to policies that he
completely disagrees with now I should
say this was launched back in December
and there were 18 scientists elected
then 13 of those scientists were also
American so this I think is great and
that we have countries that are
supporting climate research and are
looking towards the future to protect
our planet but I I'm really sad to say
that I think for the u.s. it means we're
experiencing a brain drain right we have
scientists who no longer are able to
easily get grants and funding for their
research they're not being backed by
current policies in the government and
there are other policies that are also
keeping people from doing research here
in the US you know there's a lot of
immigration policies that require that
after people get a great American
education here at some of our
universities they're then asked to go
back home to their home countries and
not allowed to stay and give back once
they've completed their degree so it's
it's great that it's happening somewhere
and I'm happy that it's happening in
France I really wish that I were
happening here at home as well let's
correct that it's happening somewhere
and it's great that he is underscoring
the way he is that it's not happening
here right he's he's addressing an
American audience I think in part he's
speaking English and by the way I always
thought the British accent was the best
way to speak English but now I think
that French accent is pretty powerful
too he was he's quite compelling in his
remarks but of course that's right that
the there is a brain drain more and more
scientists are finding there is no
federal funding here they're having to
go overseas you saw a bunch of
scientists climate scientists primarily
leave the EPA you've seen scientists
leave the CDC these are organizations
that aren't supporting scientific
research any longer and so scientists
and minds that are associated with so
much research are having to go elsewhere
yeah I mean it's also I just want to hit
the point of brain drain then I'll go to
macarons comments it's also our
immigration policies that are preventing
people who are trained in other
countries who before used to come here
and be part of the research around
climate change in the sciences as well
and I mean to be honest there are a lot
of folks outside of this country who are
trained around the sciences much better
than we are because there is substantial
government funding so there's there's
that also so it's it's not just the the
the impulse to go to another country but
who's coming into our country is well
we're banning that and of course there's
a Muslim Bantu which is a great
preventative around around that I look
except well you go to Lima Krone I mean
he says France has always led fights for
human rights are you kidding me at the
same time you're recolonizing West
Africa please like just just just tell
us what you're doing don't add on that
layer of patriotism which is unnecessary
because the French are just really
obsessed with being cultural heroes
feels like hey I'm spending you know
more than half
million per researcher here I can you
know throw in some marketing for my
country yeah but I mean I'm there's also
probably emissions issues that they have
to deal with internally I mean this is a
whole sort of conversation and I don't
I'm not crazy about make our planet
great again either because first of all
make America great again was a line that
strangely enough came from an Octavia
Butler novel called parable of the
talents and was the slogan
I think heard novel came out in the
1990s was a slogan for a fascist leader
well Ronald Reagan used it first anybody
who's in it that's right that's right
she did take it from that but but yet
but but your point I thought I thought
he was skewering Trump with that line I
mean that was the reason I used it you
know like slogans like make America
great again maker planning greeting all
slogans go through different iterations
they have different meanings when you
need to put them in context here I think
what's important about it here is that
he's taking a slogan that means almost
exactly the opposite of its original
meaning Andry appropriating and saying
hey really let's not let's not focus on
who we are as a country and be blinded
to the rest of the world but take a more
holistic approach to policy and think
about our fellow human being not just
our fellow citizen we're two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
