Taylor Swift broke her long-standing
silence about political matters the
other day previously she had just said
that you should go out and vote but she
made explicit on her Instagram who you
should vote for she endorsed two
Democratic candidates one was Jim Cooper
for the House of Representatives Phil
Bredesen for a for Senate and a lot of
people attacked her on the right saying
that's bad but she did tell people to
register to vote because today's the
last day to register to vote in
Tennessee where Nashville is and the
center of great music unless you're one
of those people say I love music but not
country anyways the results are in
we are up 65,000 registrations in a
single 24-hour period since tea Swift's
Post said kumari Guthrie director of
communications at vote.org so she
tweeted it endorsed the Democratic
candidates and people came down on her
but still it did inspire a crazy uptick
to put that in context for the context
190,000 new voters were registered
nationwide in the entire month of
September while 56,000 registered in
August and then they had 65,000 on a
single day thanks to Taylor Swift
calling out what we think goals go great
I mean what a what I mean I I've always
been a fan of hers and this just makes
it more so you know and what a great
example especially for young women to
look at her and be like that's the kind
of girl I want to be I want to be on
this squad and that's I think it's
amazing yeah yeah so you know I'm always
a little skeptical because we're getting
close to the election and once you get
close to the lecture more people
obviously register their vote and a even
more so the deadline to register in a
lot of states was yesterday so okay now
with that said I then saw the numbers in
Tennessee and she's from Tennessee and
she was talking about a couple of races
in Tennessee and in September they had
2811 signups through vote.org in
Tennessee 2811 in one day after Taylor
Swift talked about Tennessee 2144
registrations in actually 36 hours okay
almost matching all of September
yeah no sweat Taylor Swift giant roll it
was so cool about this earlier today
yeah and I said let me have this I love
Taylor Swift so one of the very few
albums on my phone is Taylor Swift album
proud to say but yes it
I saw that and not only that but 42% of
the new registrants and in that period
through vote.org our age it's a 42
percent or age 18 to 24 that is
definitely unusual and that's some Swift
results if you will so Republicans have
their Swift Boat now we have our Swift
Boat yeah so great great courage by
Taylor Swift to come forward but I think
that I love those demo numbers even more
because it goes to show you what we
talked about on the show yesterday
Nike Taylor Swift in a sense these huge
brands that America have made a decision
progressives have one younger people
it's over so you're not gonna lose money
you'll probably make money and do good
in the world so that's that's that
phenomenon playing out right there
Donald Trump didn't let this slide he
saw a chance to appeal to fight with
someone with a hundred and twenty two
million followers so he went and said
this when Donald Trump according to and
forget had said this but when Donald
Trump learned of Swift's anti Blackburn
stance this is through BuzzFeed he
disagreed telling reporters at Blackburn
is doing a good job
I'm sure Taylor Swift doesn't know
anything about her let's say that I like
Taylor's music about 25% less now oh
that's gonna hurt her it's an awfully
specific number yeah it really is yeah
what a weird way to do it so he's like
he like ran the gauge like if it was
like Minority Report he would just be
like oh and it's just like calculated 25
percent um but she does know I mean in
her tweet so she did this huge long
Instagram post it was very long and very
detailed where she ran through all the
specifics I think we covered this on the
show yesterday she said I cannot vote
for someone who will be who will not be
willing to fight for the dignity of all
Americans no matter their skin color
gender
or who they love running for Senate in
the state of Tennessee is a woman named
Marsha Blackburn as much as I have in
the past and would like to continue
voting for women in office I cannot
support Marsha Blackburn burn vote her
voting record in Congress of Paul's and
terrifies me
and then she lists so for Donald Trump's
think she doesn't know a lot about
Marsha Blackburn in her thing she
mentions she was against equal pay she
voted against renewing the Violence
Against Women Act which for Taylor Swift
who has very publicly endured some very
weird issues with and terrible issues
with stalkers that's a very dear thing
for her also refusing to serve people
who are gay just because they're gay she
mentioned those issues by name and then
in and then supported the other she had
that situation where she sued the guy
who at the radio station the DJ who
broked her yes right yeah she's a dollar
yeah just to make that point it was
really good yeah and so you know former
sexual assault and then so she fought
back against that so what she sees this
unfolding and she sees a Republican
running for Senate in her home state who
has voted against the Violence Against
Women Act she's like well if I don't
basically it seems like her statement is
saying I don't do something now I guess
I'm never gonna do it so yeah no no I I
don't want violence against women not
NOT a big bold decision right but in and
also it's and it's very you know much
like a very detailed post where she's
talking about the decision-making
process so it sure just in short
encouraging everybody in every state to
do that to to investigate who are we
voting for who what are what have they
done what are their past records so it's
actually quite a lot of things that
she's accomplished here ya know it's
great and of course conservatives are
super mad oh she's a celebrity words you
know you guys voted for Donald Trump
yeah he's a reality show that's what he
is voted for Ronald Reagan he was an
actor okay you love Ted Nugent he's like
the worst D rate F rate celebrity there
is but look we got one singer and then
you guys are the ones who just lost
their minds over Kanye West right
and then like a minute later Taylor
comes a she's just a singer yeah yeah
and it's a good matter she laid out very
detailed analysis tag why she's doing
this
and then at the end her last thing is
like just register to vote yeah which
everybody should do here's a list of
states where October 9th today is the
last day to register to vote Arizona
Arkansas Florida Georgia Indiana
Kentucky Louisiana but you can still
register til October 16th online in
Louisiana Michigan Mississippi New
Mexico Ohio Pennsylvania Tennessee and
Texas some the deadline has already
passed there's still others out there
where you it is still to come in North
Dakota you just show up with your ID and
also a voter ID thing watch the video we
did but um also the last thing I'll say
is if you don't know how to register to
vote my favorite fact right now is you
just need to google how do I register to
vote and Google brings up like I got you
and then it just you just click on it
and tell them what state you're in and
then it takes you through the process
and let you know the deadlines really
awesome and of course tomorrow they'll
be doing a story about the Young Turks
effect about how everybody registered
tomorrow or today
so anyway seriously go out there for
God's sake register and vote I mean if
you don't vote in these midterms I guess
you're never gonna vote but if ever
there was a time to stand up and fight
back this is it two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
