Facebook has announced new changes they
just had the f8 which is their big
summit where they make announcements
about new developments on Facebook and
here is what's new the company has begun
implementing a system of ranking news
organizations by trust relying on user
surveys to determine which news sources
are broadly trusted so this is something
interesting Facebook of course there's
been like the whole fake news situation
that has befallen them Cambridge
analytic apeople stopping the trusting
of Facebook and saying things like you
need to come testify before Congress to
get on the record about your practices
and everything and they are announcing a
new system of ranking news based on what
users think of the news services
trustworthiness what do you guys think
about that where does your mind go
positives negatives anything yeah great
question Bret
ah it just depends what kind of news you
you subscribe to that you want to get on
Facebook for one I've never gone if the
only news I get from Facebook is the
drama that's happening in my hometown
we'll keep on with the high school look
and that or or ramblings of opinions of
people that are mad about something it's
like this echo chamber of jizz I'm mad
at the right I'm at the left I'm my
credits terrible I'm UPS like just all
that so I think this could be a good
thing but how long till money seeps in
and said and people started saying
paying Facebook to make sure that their
entity is at the top of the list that's
that's so it's so true here I we have a
quote from it but we don't need to go to
the graphic it's the last but I'll read
it this is a Ian Bremmer who's like the
globalism got me here globalism was
wrong now kind of guy he goes up my
definition of a dystopia is a country or
an environment where citizens get their
news as determined and filtered by the
world's largest advertising company
which whatever you think and Bremer like
that is an amazing thought right right I
mean yeah what were we gonna say no III
really think we already do this a little
bit you shop for the news that you want
you know you shop for the news that
reinforces your worldview you know I
mean I'll say this here at TYT at least
we take stock you'll hear us say well
you don't to be fair and then we'll
we'll try to recognize an argument on
the other side or I don't see a lot of
that I go over to Fox News to see what
madness is going down there and I really
I I don't see any sort of honest
dialogue going on there and maybe it's
going on just at times I'm not watching
now to Facebook and the news so if there
if you're already shopping for the news
then this strikes me as an extension of
that you're letting your subscribers in
essence shop ahead of time and tell you
oh yeah we don't like that we do like
this and you're just going to get a
consensus that reflects your your
subscriber base here's what's so weird
about it to me is the whole idea of fake
news getting the best of people
obviously it's a problem I there's this
I was watching the playoffs right and an
NBA playoffs and there was an ad that
ran we have a video of it this is the
new ad I watched it I didn't know what
it was for I thought was for like
insurance or something it turns out it
was a Facebook ad and here's a shortened
version of that ad we came here for the
friends
and we got to know the friends of our
friends and just like that it felt a
little less alone but then something
happened we had to deal with spam
clickbait fake news and data misuse
that's going to change
cuz when this place does what it was
built for and we all get a little closer
this is the better we're here together
no news in that there's the enemy in
that right that's a great spot because
it says we're gonna hit the reset and
get back to just being a community how
about how true is that though oh no
that's the point it's a great spot but
it doesn't reflect for you the
fundamental issue is sorry about what
happened with the news you guys were
fooled
in terms of what news seemed to be
trustworthy so our solution is to rely
on you to tell us how trustworthy the
news is you have the wool pulled over
your eyes which makes you a perfect
candidate to tell us what is going on
the motivation behind that is well if
you guys are saying it's trustworthy it
must not be a problem it seems like
they're shifting the potential blame
onto the use they are they're gonna give
themselves immediately high ground right
they have hi look you guys decided it
this isn't our responsible we don't have
a board of journalists citizen
journalists what we're gonna count on
you guys right it's it's like it's gotta
be kind of misreported it has to be they
are they did say Zuckerberg said I'm
going to be spending billions and
billions of dollars by hiring they said
10,000 people on their end to go through
and do it but I don't know it's just
such a difficult situation for them to
be in because so much of what people
consume now is newbs and if America is
as polarized as he says it is then a
polarized group of people choosing
what's newsworthy or what's respectable
news and what's not you're asking
essentially the mob to determine what is
the better side and the mobs gonna
choose one side over what's respectable
it's just I wonder what it takes a
certain emotional intelligence to sift
through and determine
what is a good news source and a bad
news source and and it just seems that
time and time again they are doing this
like the very techie approach to it and
I wonder how much they've proven how
much they've missed along the way I
wonder if this is a good solution or a
bad solution do but do people really
want to go to Facebook to get the news
though you know I think they do though
they get the hi sister with you I was
like I don't know Facebook that's where
everybody's dog is dying and everybody's
mom needs deliverer and that's like I
just don't bummed out when I'm on
Facebook everybody's dying or sick but
and so I said I don't think people
really get news there but then obviously
as this controversy broke it even just
in the last few years I've learned after
reading a bunch of stuff most people get
their news from Facebook I mean it's a
real source of information but it's not
but it's not like headlines I you make a
great point that you're so right about
that mark I think the news we get from
from Facebook is this diluted
interjected with someone else's opinion
or heavily curated from like you said
because people want to look at news that
that identifies and leans on how they
fill case in point I work with this kid
18 years old who came up to me it was
just like you know what Jason I don't
really get the black lives matter
movement it to me this seems like a
bunch of black people on TV that are
really mad and angry about what I'm like
well okay what news do you watch like
when my family watches Fox News well
there you go you know that's why so you
needed to ask what news they were I just
want more I was hearing what I was
hearing more because for my mind when
like yeah that is pretty wild it's
definitely not an easy thing Facebook's
facing like I don't want to say that
like guys just figure it out it's simple
they are they do seem to be pursuing a
bunch of options there's one option that
this is a Huffington Post article that
we found this in where they brought up
what if we apply to Facebook the model
that happens on cable and that model is
Time Warner all the major cable
providers and what they do the reason
you see CNN is they pay CNN millions and
millions of dollars as a licensing fee
so they're like alright here's the money
here's the billions of dollars a year
we'll put you on channel 19 or whatever
and then we will make ads and stuff to
run there
and so someone asks for Zuckerberg if
he'd be interested in that he said I'm
not sure paying media companies make
sense and then they you know elaborated
cable companies pay news organizations
like CNN MSNBC and Fox News lucrative
carriage fees in exchange for their
content and news executives like Rupert
Murdoch and Jonah Peretti of BuzzFeed
have begun agitating for Facebook to
begin paying them as well who did
Zuckerberg meet with when he had like
the media executives according to this
Huffington Post article he met with the
New York Times
BuzzFeed Atlantic media CNN News Corp
Huffington Post and other news
organizations so those were the ones
that were mainly listed at a conference
of media leaders convened by the
information a technology news site and
so you're asked ease getting together
with the members of like the mainstream
media but what is the general public's
confidence in the mainstream media like
they're asking them to folks to go out
there and say what they consider a
reputable news organization this is last
year's stuff this is uh it says in its
annual confidence poll Gallup found that
Americans trust in the mass media to
report the news fully accurately and
fairly reached its lowest level in
polling history with only 32 percent
saying they have a great deal of fair or
a fair amount of trust in the media I
pulled this because it's from Sinclair
Broadcast Group which is just a full
circle of nonsense right from the media
don't you think which goes to show like
who knows what the real stuff is what we
do don't you think it'd be more
beneficial for Facebook to create a
network such as like TOI si has done
that would hire maybe have different
channels that would appeal to different
sections of opinion and within media
races and that would hold them
accountable that's the way to hold them
again they don't want it they want their
in the curation business they're in the
targeting business they're in the data
business they're trying to sell data the
the entire thing that was funny about
the Zuckerberg deal was that that the
many of the senators and congressmen
talking is afterward didn't really get
guys this is the business we're in we
sell analytics to these various
companies so that they can target
messages commercial messages political
messages whatever at our
at this universe of people that we've
broken down beyond any sort of basic
demographic breakdown you know their
likes dislikes we know their leanings in
every different way their tastes as far
as appetites go politically and
literally so I think they don't want to
get into the actual news coverage
business they just want to stay right
where they are but they're trying to
dodge problems as Brett says this is a
tough spot because this isn't a very
easy puzzle for them to solve they're
going to need an editorial board I think
in a sense and that editorial boards
gonna have to be big and they have to
start recognizing facts and information
and not political bio seeds it seems
like they are splitting the difference
on that they're going to hire 10,000
fact checkers essentially 10,000 is so
much when you consider how much
information comes in there all the time
I just you know yeah that may not be
enough to easy ways for young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
