Donald Trump's legal team is once again
being shaken up this time with the
departure of Ty Cobb who up until today
had been heading up Donald Trump's
defense in relation to the special
counsels investigation it's a tough job
and it apparently broke him finally
now this seemed kind of abrupt to me I
guess to be fair maybe they don't
preview the departure the eventual
departure of legal representation but
Sarah Huckabee Sanders had this to say
today for several weeks Ty Cobb has been
discussing his retirement and last week
he let chief of staff Kelly know he
would retire at the end of this month
which i think is very plausible I think
that if you were defending the most
powerful person in the world in one of
the most consequential legal cases in
the world you just retire that's what
you do you just leave in the middle of
it but that's what they're saying um but
really him leaving is not perhaps the
most important part of this it's who's
going to be replacing him Trump has
hired Emmett T flood as a real name the
veteran Washington lawyer who
represented Bill Clinton during his
impeachment mr. flood is expected to
take a more adversarial approach to the
investigation than mr. Cobb who had
pushed mr. Trump to strike a cooperative
tone so to changes the legal team in one
day you might be anxious for the exit to
find you were you part of this legal
team with this client you know so to be
fair as you say this is a cornerstone
type case a landmark type case a
high-profile there could be no higher
profile case but given the fact that you
have a client who doesn't tell the truth
probably isn't telling you really what
happened ever it might be a situation
that you want to distance yourself from
the beauty of the Trump team having to
embrace a Clinton lawyer I think is
perhaps the the one twist in this story
that is delicious but otherwise it's
kind of understandable I think you know
at least it could be true that he was
planning on leaving but even if that
wasn't true certainly given some of the
variables I mentioned I think make it
understandable well I think the the
thing with Ty Cobb and and the name
itself is hilarious that he has the same
name as a racist baseball player who
Donald Trump may have thought he was
possibility down troubled eyecup I never
got a chance but I think retiring is
just a nice way of saying I quit because
this is a mess and you know hiring flood
first of all how many lawyers have
impeachment experience that's right
someone who's been through it you know
Nixon's lawyers probably aren't still
around and the other thing is honestly
at some point they have to be running
out of BC lawyers I mean how many
lawyers has the Trump team been through
like when you talk about them hiring a
Clinton lawyer it's like well yeah
because there's only so many I mean they
go through this this is like it's it's
comical but but also sad and ridiculous
that the president has this many lawyers
you know it just again unprecedented
territory I don't know any president
that had to have you you got I got my
pornstar lawyer and then I got my
impeachment lawyer then I got my Russian
investigation lawyer then I got my
financial you know conflict of interest
lawyer like that there's teams for each
one of these and there's only so many
lawyers to choose from so you got a
start going to the other side and you
remember they the run-up to the election
how all we heard about is well Hillary
Clinton look at all these investigations
look at these indictments that could be
waiting for her she'll be mired in legal
problems the entire first year of her
administration nothing will get done I
think that that irony probably hurts
Trump but he swore that he would create
jobs and he's doing it in his own
personal he'll do whatever is necessary
he'll break whatever loves jobs an $800
an hour yeah so I'm gonna do something
that I almost never do though I guess
I'm gonna give Trump and his team credit
I for two reasons actually so for one
we've we've heard for months now if not
longer that he was having an incredible
amount of difficulty getting anyone to
sign on to to be his lawyer and I think
we know why he's impossible to manage
it's like the the guy who says every
girl he dates is crazy maybe you're
crazy actually at the end of the day if
there's enough of them so not only did
he find someone at all
she's an accomplishment for Donald Trump
but from everything that I've read he
doesn't seem like a clown he actually
seemed qualified to defend Donald Trump
in this particular area it might be a
little bit too late I'm not saying that
this is a solution to all of his
problems but some of his representation
in the past has been absolute goofballs
and Michael Cohen is only sort of
technically a lawyer
Ty Cobb one of his greatest achievements
is that amazing mustache
so he'd surround himself with people who
weren't really up to the task of
defending him considering how serious
the potential charges are but in this
case I think that he actually has and so
I guess credit to Donald Trump which
I'll never give to him again but how
long will this guy last because when you
win yeah when you are a sane competent
person and you join the Trump
administration you tend to after like
look at John Kelly what's Kelly going
through now where you're looking around
like this guy's an idiot I can't be here
anymore you know so so yeah this this is
a good lawyer a competent lawyer but
once he gets in the room and like you
said about the you know everyone's crazy
and I know you're crazy when he's
sitting in the room talking to Trump as
his client that might be the first time
he finds out like well yeah you know so
so yeah he's a good lawyer obviously
he's been through this before but he
hasn't had a client like this before
that's true I mean we will certainly
have to watch to other things I want to
I want to touch on on this one has to be
I understand that we've had it drilled
into us since Donald Trump started
running for the presidency that all
media's fake especially the least fake
media so if it's you know the New York
Times everything they're they're failing
and they're fake those are the only two
things you need to know about and those
are the two EPs of media and so back in
March of this year Donald Trump tweeted
this the failing New York Times
purposefully wrote a false story stating
that I am unhappy with my legal team on
the Russia case and I'm going to add
another lawyer to help out wrong I am
very happy with my lawyers John Dowd Ty
Cobb and Jay Sekulow they are doing a
great job and and we're not gonna go to
his next and but I can say what that and
is within like two weeks John Dowd
resigned so he was gone within a couple
of weeks now less than six weeks after
that tweet Ty Cobb is also gone it's
like final destination up and
White House right now but it was but he
felt like he had to say that the New
York Times was purposefully lying to you
so if you are watching this and you
still trust Donald Trump but should be a
little bit bizarre but it's possible
understand that he will frequently lie
to you purposefully about something as
significant as the New York Times making
up stories to temporarily defend himself
knowing that these people could be out
the door the next day well also he was
like the perfect reverse barometer if he
says one thing it's generally the
opposite and he he's done it over and
over and over again but yeah his I think
Alonso's on to something in that the the
group of lawyers regardless of their
competence that surrounds Donald Trump
rapidly realizes oh this guy's not being
straight with us and we're and the
waters are rising there's almost I
wouldn't think any inducement to remain
part of the Trump legal team and you
really have to look at it when a lawyer
says I can't represent you you know I
mean like and these are lawyers who
represent corrupt criminal whatever this
is their job yes there's your bad guys a
ton of money to represent these people
and they're like I can't do this and and
I wonder if they're getting paid that's
a good point
no because Trump I mean historically
Trump does not pay anybody right
contractors have to sue them and work
for pennies on a dollar and there's all
these people who never got paid I wonder
if these lawyers are getting paid and if
so who's paying them I don't know I
don't know and and and I think that
that's a great question because
certainly here were the most
high-profile lawyers in DC you might not
need to work for Trump you're probably
doing Oh doing okay but you think
there'd be lots of like middle tier
lawyers who just to get the like the
recognition and like your name being out
there like being affiliated with the
president but in this particular case
that's just not appealing to them I
suppose by the way the middle tier
lawyers in Washington are working for
the Justice Department I'm not kidding
meaning they're not the they're not the
high-priced lawyers in Washington the
Justice Department the government
doesn't pay a ton of money they
oftentimes go on a private practice
after that Trump's got the high-priced
attorneys but it's Alonso against what a
great story that would be if the if the
news broke that that Trump is stiffing
his lawyers in the big news bro
from the failing right from the failing
whoever I feel like it's starting to
hurt Donald Trump's never said the
failing Young Turks I will fail yeah you
want to be included your game John I
gotta work on it maybe Sunday I can fail
one other thing this is sort of your
impending obstruction of justice watch
so they've got the bringing in Emmitt
flood and he's gonna be more aggressive
in relation to the investigation I don't
know what that's supposed to mean I
think that we can sort of figure it out
though he also tweeted this today a
rigged system they don't want to turn
over documents to Congress what are they
afraid of
why so much reacting why such unequal
justice at some point I will have no
choice but to use the powers granted to
the presidency and get involved
bear in mind one of the things he's
being investigated for right now is the
last time he got involved he said that
obstruction of justice is a trap and a
scam so that is perhaps setting up for
him to refuse to abide by any sort of
charges related to that he's also saying
that he's going to continue it so if you
are the sort of person that's interested
in the president being bound by US law
this should probably concern you because
they are testing the bounds of that law
every day two easy ways for the young
turks one is hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
