there's an NPR affiliate out of Illinois
that is reporting some i opening
policies at the noble network of charter
schools policies that they say are
driving away teachers and quote
dehumanizing students we're going to get
into the details of this but some of
them that they are saying is that their
limited bathroom breaks and as a result
of this students are bleeding when they
are menstruating through their pants and
that they've found ways around this by
changing the dress code so you can have
sweatshirts around your waist that's one
of it there's also the dress code which
is apparently really isolating to the
students of color of with regards to
their hair and also the a really strict
demerit system so this is coming out
through NPR the president of the noble
Charter the noble network of charter
schools has released a statement that's
Constance Jones borough president the
noble network of charter schools sent an
email to staff after the initial NPR
report characterizing parts of the story
as quote exaggerated or plainly false
saying I've seen how our leaders and
staff continue to break new ground push
each other's thinking and improve the
noble experience every year so while I
acknowledge our imperfections I also
celebrate our willingness and
flexibility to hold each other
accountable and get better and I just
don't see the noble that I know and love
reflected in this article it is a
comprehensive article I really urge you
guys to read through the whole thing
it's very very eye-opening I really
enjoyed a take from crease EPS who was a
teacher at one of the noble schools she
talks a little bit about what was her
breaking point when she decided to leave
and a number of other things with
regards to her experience at these
schools she says that moment came when I
sat and reflected on the fact that I
trained my students to close the door if
the student was being perp walked out of
our building which happened often she
says because for discipline issues like
a fight our children were arrested and
walked out of the school and I was
useless I could not help that child Epps
now works as a public policy fellow for
the Illinois State Board of Education
there's a lot to talk about here when
you guys read through this article and
some of the headlines that it's been
making what were what was your response
Constance Jones or Lydia as they call
you on the hands made tale like I did I
have a black daughter so and I have a
young black daughter and I was a young
my minority brown Latino girl from the
inner city one of the most humiliating
things that ever happens to a young
woman is when she starts menstruating is
that moment when it goes through your
clothes and you have to not only
physically bear the embarrassment of
that but emotionally deal with and the
discomfort of being bloody you know so
even a sweater that you tie around that
may save you a little bit of shame does
not still rid you of the discomfort but
the greater issue for me is that the
dehumanization of young black bodies
young black girls that they cannot be
who they are the color hair color thing
that they have to have a marker it feels
like it feels like some new world order
stuff setting in and young black people
are being programmed for the future of
just perp walks hands up like chew up
those are things that cops say hands up
to young women
light you up like they you know they
made the reference to Sandra bland
that's what the cop said to her I'm a
lights you up yeah that's what cops say
and that doesn't mean I'm gonna build
you up lights you up means you're gonna
get shot or tased you know so I just it
you know I understand they have they
have a good outcomes because I read
about the students that go to college
but you can't you can't beat the black
out of people culturally the the the
culture the that comes from that has
been created out of the circumstances of
having to create a culture in a place
that you were kidnapped to this is not
at home and you had to create your own
culture through music and fashion and
hairstyles and that is what we have so
you want to neuter us and take that away
from us that's not okay yeah and it's
interesting to hear their response from
the charter school it feels pretty weak
so this is coming from Ellen Mets
principal of Nobles flagship campus
noble Street college prep says the
network's guiding concept is that rules
are grounded in purpose rather than
power saying some of the stuff they are
talking about like the level zero for
days and weeks like you know we serve
12,000 families in Chicago this would be
headlines if this were happening on a
regular basis families would be up in
arms all 12,000 of them and they're just
not but that doesn't really seem
sufficient to me and in fact they're the
NPR sort of enlightens us a little bit
more saying Jane Sunday as a social
psychologist who focuses on poverty
children and education says low-income
families tend not to question systems
like those at noble she points to a
study by sociologist Melvin Kohn
exploring how parenting styles vary by
social class what he found was that
working-class parents focus very much on
obedience off little Johnny went to
school and his mom said listen to the
teacher be good be quiet in the upper
class parents focused on learning and
creativity and having fun the working
class parents trained their children to
be workers on an assembly line not
empowered while the upper class families
taught their children to believe that
they had a legitimate right to their
opinion and their views and I think
reading through that it really resonates
with what we're hearing coming out of
these schools right but I would actually
say it's the schools that train the
child to be that way to be the obedient
or to be the quote/unquote free thinker
I mean this is this might sound kind of
extreme but this is really the worst
expression of training children to enter
the labor market or the prison system in
really disciplinary ways I mean that's
why their regimental their time so
severely and charging them $140 for a
for a character development course if
they have a certain number of demerits
in a two-week period so these kind of
extreme measures mirror the way these
students are going to be treating and
probably at this point treated by the
rest of the the rest of society and the
rest of the government structures so I
think the other thing that I wanted to
mention because I'm just really focused
in on how humiliating and horrific um
bleeding through your pants are when
you're on your moon cycle and I think
we're so far behind as a nation when it
comes to figuring out how to implement
women's bodies into our everyday lives
we're so I mean this at this point we
should be coming up with innovative
creative solutions for the fact that
these these young girls are being
introduced to this part of their bodies
processing and yet what are we doing
we're making
them feel even more ashamed and even
more sickened by it and I think this
hits home is one of the students said
when you treat us like animals what do
you think we're going to act like yeah I
think they're the quotes from the
students and the teachers that worked
there particularly struck me there was a
student who actually excelled at one of
these schools he's sort of 35 on his a
CT and he's now at Brown University he
actually turned down Harvard he felt it
was too snobby and he even still said
that the school felt like there's a
quote a prison and that they would be
searched for staff for unknown reasons
so I think that that sort of tells you
what you need to know about what's
what's going on here two easy ways for
the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
