the White House is walking back
statements that it made about Iran's
nuclear program it has to do with the
tense of a verb it's been a very intense
few hours it all starts here now in a
nationally televised events address
Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel recently
uncovered 55,000 documents and a hundred
and eighty-three CDs of information from
Iran's nuclear archive just the the idea
that it would imply what's happening now
in Iran and it was on CDs it's a big
question he said there was half a ton of
material is including information about
a project Ahmad
that was the codename for a nuclear
weapons project what's the importance of
this well when we sign the deal the deal
with Iran Iran denied ever pursuing
nuclear weapons this seems to imply that
Iran was pursuing nuclear weapons
despite what they said now right after
that revelation of information was made
by Benjamin Netanyahu Trump raised the
presentation that Benjamin made which or
at least the part of it that he saw
which was amazing he said he's 100 cent
right about Iran Iran's state-run media
had a response saying Netanyahu is
famous for ridiculous shows the
semi-official Fars news agency believed
to be close to the Revolutionary Guard
dismissed Netanyahu's speech as a
propaganda show the implication the
Trump air that Benjamin Netanyahu is
famous for do you know large displays
like this I have proof that he that is
true at the UN I don't know if you
remember this this is one of my favorite
things I did a segment at the time there
was like this the next one was how mad
he'd be if Iran actually got a bomb and
it was just just somebody saying anyway
so that's that's what happened someone
from the EU
Frederika federica mogherini
said late Monday in a first reaction
that what I have seen from the first
reports is that the Prime Minister
Netanyahu has not put into question
Iran's compliance of the deal the
question being like it despite what they
did before the deal was signed our
they complying now they'ii use foreign
affairs chief who you just saw the quote
from sees no exact reason to question
that afterwards after all that Sarah
heavy Sanders released a statement to
the press and it said this these facts
are consistent with what the United
States has long known Iran has Iran has
a robust clandestine nuclear weapons
program that it has tried and failed to
hide from the world and from its own
people but people pointed out the
documents that we saw from Iran were
from before the nuclear deal took place
how can you say that it proves that
currently Iran has a nuclear program
especially because the IAEA and various
other agencies that are tasked with
checking to see if they're in compliance
with the nuclear deal those folks all
seem to say no they don't have a nuclear
deal now and so the walking back is the
White House is quietly walking back
according to the Associated Press H
charge that Iran maintains an act of
nuclear weapons program saying it really
meant that Iran had one before the 2015
nuclear agreement they said it was a
grammatical error what's going on what's
going on is the usual suspects trying to
foment more war and and instability in
the Middle East so yes this is exactly
what happened right so Netanyahu takes
documents that predate the negotiation
of the Iran deal and then uses that as
some sort of Trojan horse if you will to
say see Iranians can't trust them
they're bad people but I would argue and
I think the Europeans are arguing well
that's exactly why we need a deal right
because the Iranians are trying to get
to a nuclear arms program so to stave
that off we want to have a deal in place
so that they don't get there yeah listen
as an Iranian I've got to say never do
business with an Iranian they'll screw
you but no no I never buy a rug from an
Iranian
I don't it was anyway no don't you I'll
say take that up with the
anti-defamation listen I'll tell you a
couple of you brought a couple great
points first of all the fact that it was
on CDs is very I didn't even think about
that
you know we've bought an eight-track
tapes secondly yeah you can't just make
a statement and then go oh grammatical
error come on man take responsibility
can't be like there was no collusion
wait grammatical error there was
collision we put in a no and and BB
first of all again with BB in the end
the the presidency Ron bomb what if he's
got like a kid that's just like you
notice a he's got some kid who's like a
graphic designer no one will hire he'll
be like you will design the the bomb for
me and then we're gonna put the thing
and I would make a presentation and the
and and Trump will be scared look I came
to America late seventies landed here
and and right away the hostage crisis
happened so Iran has have had in America
we've had a lot of trouble with like you
know because at the same time a lot of
Iranians myself included don't like the
leadership in Iran
we're opposed to the regime in Iran now
where the the divide comes is there's
some Iranians in America who go we want
America to attack Iran right and somehow
get rid of the mullahs and make Iran
free and bring back you know the great
Iran that we all know now I don't know
how you go to war with Iran in a
surgical way where you only get rid of
the mullahs and not kill hundreds of
thousands if not millions of innocent
Iranians so then there's the other side
which is the side that promotes to try
diplomacy and we tried for 40 years we
tried the you know the the fighting each
other and and with this Iran nuclear
deal I felt it was the first time we're
giving diplomacy a chance and the
strategy with the diplomacy is list of
the diplomacy so that the Iranian
hardliners can't point at America and go
look yes there who's holding us back
right and we saw that in the end of the
year with the protests that were
happening a lot of those protests were
for economic reasons so if you are able
to get rid of America as the Great Satan
and Iran has to look inside and go wait
a minute
mismanaging our economy we are stealing
from our people you know the the
leadership then hopefully within Iran
there'll be a revolt and or slowly
there'll be I should say an evolution
not not a revolution what more people
would die anyway long story short in my
opinion this is just I I don't know
you know the Trump has not proposed any
better options in his talk he just goes
as a bad deal bad deal bad deal I'm the
art of the deal guy right so mas I
totally agree with you
nothing benefits the Iranian hardliners
more than the Great Satan USA and the
other smaller Satan Israel teaming up
against them right that totally
consolidates have their power so we're
doing a great disservice Iranian people
who want a new leadership secondly this
is same playbook that we used to go to
war in Iraq yeah so we dug up old
misdeeds or you know old uh horrors of
Saddam Hussein he gassed his own people
yeah he did in the 80s with our
assistance when he was on our side
against Iranians right so so and then
you know we have Netanyahu making a
comment that to me was very reminiscent
of Rumsfeld you know baby says yes what
would he say 100 percent proof or
whatever was Trump said that is a
hundred percent right they're basically
saying listen Iran lied
going into the deal saying listen we'll
do this deal but we never had plans for
a nuclear weapon that's our bargaining
position and now they're saying well
they lied about that what else are they
lying about and you know Rumsfeld's the
one who said you know oh the WMDs dirt
we all know we know for sure that
there's somewhere east to west north or
south of Tikrit yeah of course they're
nowhere to be found and let's not kid
ourselves on Bolton is now back in the
phrases that guy even come back like how
does that guy even have the gall to show
his face every single person associated
with Iraq war speech at a minimum deeply
ashamed and cast off of her airway
and out of her politics forever
absolutely forever and you mentioned the
Benghazi investing investing issue
earlier I always say if you know you're
gonna go after Hillary for Benghazi how
about going after Bush and Cheney and
everybody else for Iraq the hundreds of
thousands of people that have died there
but but regardless you're right it's
it's so crazy how we just keep falling
for this thing of okay cuz all this
gonna take right now is one I was just
watching that I just started watching
the the looming tower and it's all about
the lead-up to September 11th and I was
telling my wife I go you know what if
there's one attack somewhere whether
it's a terrorist attack or if Iran does
something or somewhere that gives this
guy ammunition to take us into a war
everyone's gonna be like oh we got to be
patriotic go go war and they're setting
up Iran up as that right now we know
that for a fact because there's this
great video of General Wesley Clark who
talks about this is in 2004-2005 about
the plan that he saw in at the Pentagon
about how they're gonna start with Iraq
do Libya Syria a bunch of other
countries and and with Iran yeah that's
the best of goal of toppling countries
that we don't like and installing our
own government it's a real problem I
mean he lays it out and it's going on
that path I see Benjamin Netanyahu's
incentives to keep his position is to be
very strong with Iran to play the hold
me back kind of person as Donald Trump
is the one who is the deal maker who on
may 12th has the option to renewed the
thing has made 12 renew the deal with
Iran or to pull out of it and now you
see Trump as the deal maker he's kind of
looked at every possible deal America
has ever had and said all right steal
Iran North Korea it's been stupid that's
like his basic move now with the steel
negotiations he hasn't actually
implemented them he has used them to get
certain concessions at least what's been
reported like you know basic premises
premise ease of deals but I don't know
we'll see what happens problem with this
Iran deal also is this the sanctions
only work if there is full agreement
among the
parties that are gonna install the
sanctions so we need all of our allies
to agree due to the sanctions otherwise
disappointments we're just hurting
ourselves so if we get rid of this deal
and there's no sanctions in place Iran
is now free to pursue their nuclear
ambitions whatever that may be
we're far worse off than we are under
the current deal so unless Trump and
Bibby have a replacement deal in place
that they could reasonably you know
assure the world community that the
Iranians are also accept just dismantle
the existing deal is stupid yes and
crazy and it's and first of all I've
heard a few people talk about how it's
so intricate that is not like you can go
in there you know it's not you know
saying it's not a la carte kind of a
situation where you're like I'll take
the dumplings return the dumplings
everything is spring roll yeah you can't
do that the plutonium you know the
plutonium but but listen there is no
doubt that the regime the Iranian regime
you know I'm sure they they're not
honest they they invest a lot of money
they are there's a lot of human rights
violations they are not good people
either right but that I said they're bad
actors but that said this is currently
in my opinion the best position we have
to move forward cuz if you bring them
into the world conversation eventually
the people in Iran if they if they if
they demand more freedoms they already
are the women in Iran are taking off the
hijab videotaping themselves in
protesting against this government and
part of that is the internet the more
they see the freedoms and the other rest
of the world the more they want their
freedoms so the more we bring Iran into
the world conversation the harder it is
for them to maintain their hard lines or
maintain their oppression of their own
people and so I personally as Iranian
want more freedoms I want change in Iran
but I don't want war with Iran and I'm
afraid that that's what Bibi is pushing
for two easy ways for the young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on youtube you are notified of our
videos
