Bill Cosby's conviction on three
accounts on the Andreya constant rape
trial we have more news about what this
conviction came down to because it has
been questioned by certain people in in
the wake of the me2 movement of if the
jurors were influenced by this in any
way and one juror Harrison Schneider
spoke out on ABC's Good Morning America
and what he had to say was that no Bill
Cosby did this to himself let's take a
look what was the evidence that made you
sure beyond a reasonable doubt that he
was guilty I think it was his deposition
really miss Cosby admitted to giving
these quaaludes to women young women in
order to have sex with them so he did go
on to say that it wasn't a cut and dry
case they were going back and forth a
lot but this case was different from the
last Cosby rape trial last year in that
five additional accusers were allowed to
speak and help talk about what had
happened here some some people in the
defense had said that this helped lead
to categorizing a character who would
pre continue to do the same pattern
again and again and again to different
women but surprisingly Snyder had
something else to say further on in the
interview when Andrea was on the stand
did you believe her yes what about those
other five women who tested if you
hadn't heard from the other five and you
just had her word
would that have mattered to I don't
think so because in the deposition he
stated that he gave these drugs to other
women I don't think it really
necessarily mattered that he's another
fight one more here because he said it
himself
so what he is getting to is that Cosby
kind of dammed himself by saying this
all the jury released a statement
together saying after thoughtful
meticulous consideration of the
information and evidence provided to us
we came to our unanimous verdict not
once were race or the hash tag me to
movement ever discussed nor did either
factor into our decision
as implied in various media outlets that
was interesting I thought that interview
with that juror really revealing because
I had thought and we talked about the
fact that it was important to include
the testimonies of those other women to
establish a pattern of behavior to
established an mo you know but as it
turns out maybe the establishment of who
Cosby was in terms of what he did how he
drugged women in the past was all done
in that deposition so I thought that was
revealing I'll reiterate what I said
last week which is not so much related
to this juror or the verdict but it's
related to the process I just think what
we do to women and how we have to
demonize them and dirty them up and and
and essentially derived them run them
down to the process that as the only
means of defending those who are accused
of these things it it has a chilling
effect women of course are less likely
to come forward and I just feel that
should be underscored again I I don't
like this process I guess is the only
process there can be but to to have to
come out and discuss these awful details
of a horrible violent act I mean these
are women who were you know knocked
unconscious and raped and then to have
your reputation disparaged the way the
process does I just think it's sad but
but the right decision there was like a
viral tweet about this news like how
many women can you name from Bill
Cosby's victims like how many of them
can you name can you name even a single
woman's name like can you you can't
because women don't do this for
reputation when they come out and it's
an incredibly brave moment and they
finally face their their the rapist in
this instance very publicly so they're
not doing it for reputation or for money
you don't get any monetary compensation
out of it in a lot of instances they're
doing it for justice they're doing it so
that this doesn't happen again in Bill
Cosby's instance I mean he he was very
publicly talking about this stuff
there's a 1969 bit where he reversed his
Spanish Fly right this has been written
about many times I mean the whole thing
kind of started when Hannibal
I used this as a joke in a set which
speaks to the power of art in many cases
the the power of comedy even hopefully
Hannibal Burres can do some some bits
maybe about the water in Flint Michigan
or or maybe our Kelly I don't know
there's plenty of people that Hannibal
Burres could target next time there's a
lot that we can fix in our society but
all jokes aside it's it's great that
justice is finally being served it's
kind of crazy that Bill Cosby even
admitted himself that he did this part
of me feels like he did it he admitted
it because he was just like I'm too rich
to be hurt at this point I'm famous I
think there wasn't I think that that's a
really good point
about his wealth and arrogance
associated with celebrity I mean
celebrities get away with a lot and so
he's got the fame and the money and
generally you can skate on everything
with those two things with our judicial
system well you used to and I'm really
glad that we're not anymore
I think it's crazy to try to discredit
this with the me2 movement because the
me2 movement is about saying yes I've
been abused and it's been brushed away
because I'm a woman and I'm not to be
believed for some reason but I'm a
person I'm a whole person and I have
been wronged and I deserve to be heard
so I think it's weird that to try and
discredit this case by using oh well
what about this movement about listening
to women isn't it crazy but this guy who
we just heard from that juror the 22
year old juror said he was only vaguely
aware of the me2 movement which is
another thing that's weird like you know
here's this huge movement going on in
the country and they're they're they're
protests and demonstrations of support
in major cities across the country it's
on every news outlet and yet he's only
vaguely aware of it so but be that as it
may to the point about me too
at least this juror wasn't really doing
any calculus based on me too I think
that speaks to whoever the the jury
lawyer who picked that juror
I was doing a really good job like he
literally found someone who is untainted
by previous information about one of the
most important landmark decisions with
one of the most important you know
comedians of the past century for
America
think I'm glad that Hannibal did this I
did see that stand-up routine but I just
wish someone had listened before
Hannibal had said that two easy ways
following Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
