amid controversy surrounding his
professionalism and ethics the White
House physician Ronnie Jackson will not
be returning as Trump's personal doctor
now this comes after he withdrew from
his nomination to lead the Department of
Veteran Affairs Jackson bowed out last
week after Montana senator Jon Tester
the top Democrat on the Veterans Affairs
Committee released a document
summarizing allegations by current and
former colleagues that Jackson over
prescribed pills drank on the job and
created a hostile work environment now
Shawn Connelly who is a navy officer who
took over Jackson's role as a credit
President personal doctor last month
will continue in the role so he was
going to be as you as many of you know
he was gonna head the Department of
Veterans Affairs
they said he was not fit to the job all
these allegations came out and he has
been you know the personal physician to
presidents past who's Obama's and Bush's
as well and now after these allegations
doesn't really seem like he can go back
to fill that role well before even these
allegations people were saying he's not
in no way qualified to lead the VA I
think that's important well of course
yeah that's the most important yeah IIIi
agree I'm just gonna say that the the
all of this that we're talking about has
nothing to do with the fact that he's
completely unqualified the head of the a
so but if we were gonna say it like that
any person who's not qualified to fill
their position we in this cabinet yeah
there'd be nobody there opportunity's
yeah that's really really important you
have no experience and you wanna run a
huge engine so you'll fit right in the
second largest I also think I mean of
course would he at what he's done is
completely unprofessional it is is
malpractice and and is unethical but
also when we're talking about over
prescribing pills
I mean every on behalf of the doctors in
America are doing that right now I mean
that's all we have an opioid epidemic I
mean that's that that's the truth of it
and so I do think that okay we're gonna
kick this
out and say that he can't be the
personal doctor to the president because
he's doing this unethical thing okay
let's start holding doctors around our
country accountable as well because they
are over prescribing percocet and other
opioids and creating an epidemic that is
killing millions of people I find it
fascinating that the president is so
intensely defending someone who spent
the majority of his tenure as White
House president working for President
Obama
yeah but he's defending him because in
all fairness Ronnie Jackson went to bat
for president when he said he's only one
pound
under what it means to be obese he's got
great genes he's in perfect health I've
never seen so but in perfect health how
much do you think he got onto the table
for that well he does I mean he does
like people who speak very highly of him
and so Ronnie Ronnie Jackson did pay
that off in a big way so he was yeah I
think quick term I think that was really
what was that was in fact that was all
the arithmetic on everything this guy
speaks really highly of me he's a
decorated the doctor who's in service to
a few presidents great let's bring him
on and he'll run the VA and and it was
really the fact that he spoke so highly
of Trump we love you president Trump
thank you we could do anything now two
easy ways follow interests want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
