you
good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
when Big Tobacco began to lose ground in
the u.s. they fought hard to survive by
carving out new territory
everywhere else with fewer regulations
to fight Big Tobacco created new markets
and new smokers in the third world
developed nations and places in between
now it's American gun makers turned as
big tobacco was some of the biggest gun
makers in the country now are under
siege
Remington which made the rifle used in
the Sandy Hook school shooting file for
bankruptcy back in March stock prices
for other gun companies have been down
since Donald Trump took office as
anti-government fear is no longer
driving gun sales ruber made the rifle
used in last year's taxes church
shooting and they're holding their
shareholder meeting next month
Ruger shareholders include the private
equity firm Blackrock and Amalgamated
Bank both of those institutions are
calling for reverted change how it does
business to back measures to minimize
gun violence
Amalgamated says it will not vote for
Ruger chairwoman Sandra Froman who also
sits on the board of the National Rifle
Association the NRA
Americas gun makers are losing at the
cash register
losing investor support and losing the
public relations battle so they could
use the Lifeline which is where the
Trump administration comes in for years
gun makers like Smith & Wesson and Ruger
have had to go through rigorous
regulations courtesy of the US State
Department but that's about to change
in an exclusive story today by the young
turks a lawyer working for the National
Shooting Sports Foundation says he
expects that in the next month or so
jurisdiction over firearm exports will
be moved away from the State Department
instead gun sales overseas will go
through the Commerce Department and as
the name implies the priority there is
commerce the export rules in commerce
are looser than those estate which means
the Trump Commerce Department will be
free to open the floodgates for
exporting guns that means for easier
exports to the European Union Australia
Argentina Japan and South Korea the new
rules could mean sales through
individual civilians but also to some
police forces for entire countries one
economist estimated that the change
could increase sales by at least 1
percent which may sound small but
amounts to more than 10 million dollars
for Ruger alone defenders of this move
say this will help small gun companies
compete by accessing overseas markets
analysts who cover the gun industry
however say the big gun makers have the
resources to profit most from it and the
brand names that buyers around the world
know from movies in the kind of
belligerent militaristic advertising
that has made guns popular not just
among hunters and outdoorsmen but among
the political paranoid enemies of the
government and white supremacists
we should add by the way that the lawyer
working for the gun industry actually
wrote the legal language that would move
gun exports from state to commerce and
he wrote it while he was in the Obama
administration where the switch
originated he says the move had nothing
to do with politics it was he says just
for bureaucratic efficiency he also sent
us that he was going to sign off on the
change all the way back in December of
then the Sandy Hook school shooting to
hack took place since that time of
course the number of children dead from
gunfire has increased the timing for
exporting America's firearms and
American gun culture to the rest of the
world is never I've said it before and
now stated again the top three
priorities for our country today should
be number one education number two
education and number three education and
public schools are the backbone of our
hopes unfortunately and dangerously so
public schools are under attack from
various powerful forces including the
president administration in Washington
and the in-state houses around the
country Exhibit A is president Trump's
Secretary of Education very divorce now
with that as a preface note what's
happening in Arizona schools all across
the state were closed again today as
thousands of teachers continued protests
for higher pay and more funding for
their students what began in West
Virginia spread to Kentucky and Oklahoma
is now red-hot in Arizona and Colorado
so what's really going on here how did
it come to this well let's back up and
take a wide shot it's being called the
decade of neglect Republican dominated
state legislatures have sliced school
budgets for years local governments
including school boards which make up
the balance of funding often with
property taxes were hammered during the
recession that began a decade ago and
what's happened since the economy has
recovered funding for schools has not
overall money for public education has
declined dramatically over the last
decade 29 states provided less overall
student funding in 2015 than in 2008
here's something else since the
recession more than 130-thousand
education jobs have been eliminated
while at the same time school enrollment
has increased by about a million and a
half students it is the most surprising
story of 2018 so far teachers who say
they won't take it anymore and
Republican orthodoxy has been turned on
his head in tax cut crazy Oklahoma the
GOP dominated state legislature just
voted for a tax increase on the long
sacred and protected oil industry
American teachers are having their
moment for how long it will last and to
what lasting effect is uncertain what is
certain is that the future of our nation
depends on quality public education
teachers working three jobs to make ends
meet can't be expected to be at their
best in front of a classroom full of
your children nor should they be
expected to buy school supplies out of
their own pockets as many of them do and
by the way when we look for the state
that had the largest percentage change
in spending per student it's Arizona
where it was down 36 percent as for
teacher pay the average Arizona teacher
makes about $45,000 a year that ranks
49th nationally 49th no wonder those
teachers are marching today the reality
of the stakes of journalism which are
too often forgotten were made painfully
clear in Afghanistan I'll have more
about that next
I see what we all say the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know the person most
widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries
why be a Democrat at all and we're in
the time where
sit on the sidelines of history my heart
is heavy today with news of more
terrorist bombings in Kabul one of those
bombings targeting journalists at last
count 10 journalists were dead
many were people who have to set
dedicated years to covering this
important and vastly underreported story
and this is a reminder of the dangers of
the profession especially in places
where violence is used to keep the truth
hidden every reporter covering a date
Lang like Afghanistan knows that a
peaceful morning can suddenly turn into
a bloody hell what the calling to bear
witness to the tides of history is too
great for members of this dedicated
group to give up the responsibility
Afghanistan doesn't get much coverage in
today's America never mind that our
servicemembers continued to be deployed
there in harm's way
and we as a country bear responsibility
for a nation in which we have been
engaged in multiple forms for over 16
years I've been to Afghanistan many
times and I have a special affinity for
the land that is people I'm grateful as
a journalist and as a citizen to those
who continue to report this story
whatever I come across an article or TV
news report on Afghanistan I try to make
sure to give it the attention it
deserves the press as an institution is
not perfect those of us who work in
journalism are far from perfect but it
is a vital source for information and a
reckoning on the powerful please take a
moment to think of the people who died
today their families and their
colleagues think of the countless more
who continue to die in Afghanistan
especially the locals the Afghans who
have nowhere else to go try to make sure
that this important story remains in our
national consciousness
and support the journalistic outlets
that remember that there is more to the
news than the vagaries of the American
political scene no matter how important
that story is now I mean this is no
self-serving statement but I'm one of
not many American journalists who have
been to North Korea to my Western eyes
and mind is one of the strangest oddest
places on earth with almost
incomprehensible mind and thought
control but the dictatorial government
the longer one is in North Korea the
more one knows how much one doesn't know
it is in that spirit that I submit the
following few geopolitical crises have
simmered with more combustible energy
longer than the instability on the
Korean Peninsula
it was the fierce and bloody Korean War
of the 1950's that was the backdrop of
my college years and throughout my
decades as a reporter that unfinished
conflict has never been far from the
headlines in the past there have been
some moments of optimism for if not a
peace that at least a thawing of
hostility but those moments have been
the exception most of the trend lines
have been toward greater danger a
reality that is sprung into ever more
urgent reality with the reclusive and
repressive regime of North Korea
becoming a nuclear power and one armed
with an increasingly sophisticated
arsenal of short medium and long-range
missiles the Korean stalemate has
dominated Americans concerns in East
Asia and bedeviled every president who
has had to confront it
regardless of their ideology or party
affiliation it is against this backdrop
that what can only be described as an
historic meeting took place this past
week between the leaders of North and
South Korea this was the fruition of a
strategy pursued by
moon of South Korea who has called for
greater engagement and reconciliation
with his neighbor to the north we are
now in the third generation of the Kim
dynasty in North Korea and the
relatively new and still quite young
leader Kim jong-un remains a mystery
wrapped in an enigma his consolidation
of power has been by all accounts Swift
brutal and remorseless up until now his
attitude towards the outside world was
bellicose mixed with a determination to
grow his nuclear might as the ultimate
checkmate to those who would seek to
overthrow him by force but that Kim
seemed far removed than the one who met
his South Korean counterpart this week
promising to shudder his nuclear testing
sites opened him up to foreign
inspection and negotiate a nuclear-free
Korean Peninsula in the future so now
the stage is set for a summit with
President Trump is this a trap set by
North Korea to buy more time and gain
global legitimacy for his regime is
there really a path to peace his
president Trump prepared for these
delicate negotiations was this brought
about because of the president's top
talk and earlier threats to North Korea
or despite them what role will China
play and our Japanese allies who remain
very nervous never mind the South
Koreans many longtime Korean Watchers
feel the chances of failure and
disappointment even maybe escalation or
hi but there's also a sense that this
may be different no matter what anyone
may think of president Trump we almost
hope that we can begin a path toward a
lessening of tension if not outright
peace millions of lives hang in the
balance
after a short break grim revelations
about Sean Hannity's new uncovered
real-estate Empire so stay here with us
I was a jerk special election coverage
an amazing power like a smart Destiny's
Child we're all too strong we start a
revolution yes another one aren't you
excited
Wow some of the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
role discount fan fiction we have
elected the top Twitter troll in the
country what ran me away from
Christianity was judgment and
condemnation assaulting peaceful
protesters in North Dakota crazier than
bombing Yemen crazier than bombing Syria
so much they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these
after it was revealed that Sean Hannity
used government assistance to buy some
of the 870 homes he owns through 20
shell companies the Fox News host
explained that his real estate
investments are actually something akin
to charity work it is ironic he said
that I am being attacked for investing
my personal money in communities that
badly need such investment and he added
again I quote these are investments I do
not individually select control or know
the details about except that obviously
I believe in putting my money to work in
communities that otherwise struggle to
receive such support unquote
but now we've learned that some of those
communities are struggling precisely
because mr. Hannity put his money to
work there The Guardian newspaper who
first broke this story took a look at
the fiction records at one in Georgia
apartment complex owned by mr. Hannity
after he put his money to work in that
community eviction orders increased by
400% not all those residents actually
got evicted some just had to pay late
fees they could amount to almost half
their monthly rent this by the way in a
town where the average annual income is
just over $20,000
then there's the meadows a Georgia
subdivision Hannity owns with more than
a hundred homes the Los Angeles Times
found increases there too but not in
eviction rates the previous owner of the
blue-collar african-american
neighborhood chapter Winslow telling the
times that a lot of the renters were a
longtime residents are elderly people
then Sean Hannity put his money to work
in the community in the five years since
rents have gone up 50%
had any scooped up these and many other
properties for rock-bottom prices after
the mortgage crisis at the time hadn't
he blamed poor home buyers for the
crisis in a videotape we unearthed last
week he said the problem was Americans
who thought they had a right to own
their own home you're wrong in stating
where the problem came from the problem
came from this notion that everybody in
America had a right to a house whether
they could ever afford to pay their loan
back that's what the Community
Reinvestment Act was all about we should
mention that the times discovered many
of the renters there were unaware of
Sean Hannity was their landlord and at
least one said he didn't even know who
Hannity is just ahead a most shameful
part of America's history is now
memorialized in Alabama
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be kept low he's something to
happen takes to crown the best sales
force out there is Merrill Lynch and now
it goes to B hey it's pretty amazing
we're going to see a stabilization and
just a tremendous snapback the Occupy
Wall Street movement is nine it's not a
spontaneous protest against economic
inequality this is what we mean by the
establishment press it is well thought
out a well thought out campaign to bring
down the infrastructure structure of
this country the embarrassment is that
I'm giving credibility in this world
because of the disappointment that the
public has and what the news media does
I perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them is to do everything that we
can without going to war so here to say
to your critics I'm talking about
democratic critics who say you know what
you're really just a socialist pacifist
I very rarely read in any coverage of
Bernie that he's a socialist a socialist
for God's sake most analyst is saying
that Hillary Clinton's gonna win in a
landslide I continue to believe mr.
Trump will not be President got Trump at
279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight back
three million is a pretty good now we're
pretty good number I were doing a press
release on and I got all worked up and I
said okay well that spies the size of
the US population you know what our next
target is the entire world under road is
six billion although by the time we hit
it'll probably be seven maybe eight
billion not a big deal couple of days
ago on the TYT Network we passed a
billion you know that's a big freakin
deal two billion what now sorry what did
we do two billion two billion they said
it couldn't be done but it was done we
just crossed and the imagine is ten
years ago thinking one day you like are
you nuts
they said you couldn't do it you can't
change the media don't try well here we
are we're changing the media thank you
thank you thank you
it seems especially fitting in our
charged political times when our racial
divisions are being stirred for cynical
political benefit that one of the most
brutal and forgotten chapters of our
nation history should be brought out
into the public's consciousness the
opening of the new National Memorial for
peace and justice in Montgomery Alabama
made news across the country in
newspapers on TV and radio and an online
reporting by all accounts this new
museum is a chillingly effective
monument to those who suffered under
white supremacy especially the thousands
of lynching victims I was born into an
America that still had numerous
lynchings every year this is not ancient
history and the echoes of it are very
much evident in today's society we
cannot chlorophyll our nation's history
at the expense of this bloody and
shameful truth when I hear many of our
current political leaders downplay the
plight of racial minorities and paint
white America as victims I'm filled with
anger and sadness we need to edge the
history of white supremacy in our
collective consciousness so that we can
approach the present and the future with
more humility and empathy there are some
memories that will forever haunt me this
will cause a physical reaction a
shortness of breath a shiver of
recognition and recollection and few
stories shaped me more than the ones I
covered during the civil rights movement
from voting rights protest to Citians to
witnessing Klan rallies I could feel the
hatred and intimidation course through
the cities towns and farmland of the
American South I knew as a journalist
working at CBS News dubbed the colored
Broadcasting Network while many of the
local power breaker walkers in the south
at that time
then I was an outsider and a potential
target but I also knew that whatever
fear I felt could never approach the
sheer terror directed at
african-americans the south in and even
a large pockets of the north was in
essence run with a strong card of racial
terror or subjugation was achieved
through the constant threat of violence
and often violence itself this was
epitomized by lynchings many heroes
fought at the time to bring it into this
murderous tactic of racial subjugation
lawyers journalists politicians clergy
and even artists I'd like to leave you
this evening with one of the most
powerful songs ever written about the
American experience
it's about lynchings and was famously
performed by Billie Holiday and entitled
strange fruit it's lyrics will likely
haunt you and deservedly so and I'm glad
that there's now a museum to bring this
vital lesson to people for generations
to come
lest we forgot
with the haunting voice in words of
Billie Holiday I leave you for this news
cycle the Young Turks is next and we'll
be back with the news at the same place
in time 5:30 Eastern every Monday until
then dan Rather reporting stays setting
you
