Charlie Rose the CBS anchor who has been
accused of sexual harassment wants to
host a new show where he hosts some of
the men who have been toppled by the
meet to movement now writer and women's
advocate Tina Brown confirmed that she
was recently approached to produce a
me-too
atonement series starring Rose who would
interview others embroiled in sexual
harassment scandals now as you know
Charlie Rose has been accused of sexual
harassment by eight women groping lewd
calls nudity and things of that nature
less than a year ago and already he's on
his comeback tour Brown explained to the
group that she was having none of it and
remarked these guys are already planning
their comebacks
now Fortune reported there's been an
ominous drip drip drip of stories
reporting on how these men are faring in
exile and speculating about how they
might stage their comebacks now some of
the interviewees will be louis c.k and
matt lauer there's been a few articles
about Matt Lauer
you know how he has just stayed in his
Manhattan mansion or as Hamptons mansion
man he hasn't seen the light of day
recently he was seeing lunching in the
city so he's you know back on the scene
which is disturbing what do you guys
think about this show idea oh my god you
know in my grandmother used to say no
DNA of a twin sign Licata which
literally means has no shame on his face
like just to think that someone I mean
it's it's opportunistic and it is it's
really disgusting because it's just like
let me see if I can turn my recent drama
into a check and get working my way back
into this and it just seems like it
doesn't it seems disingenuous and I'm so
glad that a woman shut it down you know
I'm so glad that a woman said get that
up out of here bro yeah it's so
interesting to think about these men
that have enjoyed daily interaction with
the camera and with an audience trying
to deal with the fact that people don't
want to see them people don't want to
hear from them anymore
and think that already this quickly a
Redemption moment is what we're looking
for so I think they're still living in
this really like unsure about
narcissistic bubble and I'm wondering
what what could get to them what could
penetrate it I also think that this is a
exposure of the failure one part of the
failure of the me2 movement and that is
that it's become so punitive that there
isn't room for having a conversation
about transformative justice and
transformative justice isn't just about
punishing people and discarding them
it's about how can we put people in
conversation and engage them so that
this behavior doesn't repeat itself so
that it people aren't encouraged by this
behavior so if you throw people out
there first sort of counter offense is
to go hard again so we need to figure
out what it means to live with these
folks who are the products of patriarchy
Ryan oh I think so my biggest issue with
this sort of come back to her that a lot
of these men are planning is one that is
essentially capitalizing on their
wrongdoings way and and capitalizing
frankly on the their victims paint right
and that that brings me to my second
point in that a lot of the women who
have come forward or who dealt with some
of this trauma they had to change career
paths
they've lost their jobs they have been
blackballed in the industry they have
been even coming forward now during the
me2 movement they have just been
relegated to the sidelines they don't
got to come back to her they don't have
a chance in the light we're not talking
to those women and giving them the
opportunities again we're giving the men
the opportunities and I agree with you
meetha that we need to figure out a way
to educate wait to create a shift in
culture but having a show oh no no no
white man talking about how they did it
I don't think the white man know but I
just want to I want to just say quickly
because I did an interview for the
hollywood reporter about louis c.k and i
was being asked about sexual sexual
harassment but they did two articles and
one was about louis ck's comeback and a
bunch of women wrote these articles
attacking me because i said you know i I
never said if I think louis c.k should
come back or shouldn't but i said if he
does come back then he should use that
as an opportunity to speak directly to
the people who think like him because i
can talk to those people till I'm blue
in the face and they're not gonna listen
to me but I wasn't endorsing a comeback
because I didn't I didn't know there
were other men that were being
interviewed they just they saw me
perform they came and they asked me some
questions they put me in this article
and then all these women wrote these
articles and what what I want to say is
we also you know when you just said it a
white man the intersections about the
sexual harassment and there's me too
movement that is you know for me who
works in Hollywood it feels very elitist
sometimes and it feels like these
Hollywood white women who have
opportunities can go out and lead the
charge but people like myself and other
women of color you have these
conversations behind closed doors we
don't we're not afforded the opportunity
to go out and say you know Harvey
Weinstein did that to me because look
what happened when Lupita said it he
denied it and when the girl with a you
know with lena Dunham's company said
that she was raped
the two women said you know called stood
by the guy so what I'm saying is like I
I this is problematic I do agree with
what you're saying when Dave Chappelle
said it a lot of people came for him
because he's a man and there is no woman
of equal power in comedy to counter what
Dave Chappelle is saying but I do agree
with the fact that at some point we have
to have dialogue i educate my son just
as much as my daughter about how you
treat human beings and i think that we
can't just you know we can't do the
witch-hunt no no of course not and they
also have used this comment of the
witch-hunt coming after them which is so
ironic given the fact that the
witch-hunt was directly targeting women
literally literally to disempower them
and to disenfranchise them but I do I do
want to say and clarify but what what I
mean about transformative justices no I
don't want to hear from you in this
moment where you're being empowered to
capitalize as you've said to profit off
of your persecution of women what I do
what I would prefer and I would offer
the strategy that I know some men are
coming together and creating affinity
groups to talk about what it means to be
in this environment and how the
pressures of being raised around
societal standards of what it means to
be a man yeah that dialogue isn't
actively being had and I think when that
starts to open things up then you can
get to the nitty-gritty of you know what
man that was that was that was messed up
yeah I know it's not supposed to curse
anymore I think that's a really good
point if you become a member of The
Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com slash joined get the
whole young turks show every day
