a majority of Republicans hope that they
don't see a female president in their
lifetime so a Yugo poll surveyed about
1,500 US adults from April 22nd through
April 24th and what they think it is
pretty astounding so let's look at this
chart right here now
a total present said 66% said yes they
would they do hope that and 34% said no
they hope they don't but then when you
break it down by party you can see a
huge disparity in their right
90% of Democrats say they hope 60% of
Republicans say they hope they never see
it in their lifetime and let's look at
the breakdown for agenda really quick so
here this this surprised me a lot right
because the disparity between men and
women is not that different and there's
30 percent of women who are saying I
hope we don't see a female president
then we were kind of talking about this
at the beginning of the show and really
what that is is internalized misogyny
yeah I mean that's what it is is a woman
can't hold power I tell this story about
I'll tell it really quick there I was
getting a facial and the woman was
telling me why she didn't vote for
Hillary Clinton she was like she's too
ambitious she wants it too bad right 10
minutes later she's telling me she's
looking to date somebody she wants to
find a man she like I want a man who's
like who's really ambitious and to me
that parallel there really showed the
you know internalized misogyny that so
many women in our country have yeah
totally I mean this is clear that we
have to continue to do work to
destabilise the ways that patriarchy has
infiltrated like every layer of our
being and it's not just men who are the
ones that are holding up some these
these values it's it's women and so
that's what's really unsettling but I
think that you continue to do that sort
of decolonial work together and it's not
just one gender that has to do the work
right I mean I talk about this a lot in
my standard on the woman on woman hate
myself hate it were socialized to hate
each other there's a lot it's everywhere
and it's really sad and I can go on and
on about comment with commentary on this
I just want ladies learn to love
yourselves because then you can love
your sisters yes that's a great message
yeah yeah no I do I mean I think women
the sad thing is though the onus
shouldn't be on women to fix of course
what it is right like that there nothing
is gonna change in the status quo unless
we stand up to it you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm /join
