the Kanye Magga controversy continues
now chance the rapper is actually
apologizing for defending the rapper
after Trump faked chance alright so
basically if you don't remember Kanye
tweeted his support for Donald Trump he
tweeted out a maggot that was signed and
he said that they both have dragon
energy I hate it on Obama yeah now he
did hate on obama now chance the rapper
tweeted out that you know black people
don't have to be Democrats
then Donald J Trump responded Kanye West
has performed a great service to the
black community big things are happening
and eyes are being opened for the first
time in decades I want to continue
reading this tweet but my biggest issue
with Trump aside from like the whole
like bigotry and BS that he spews is
that he doesn't know what proper nouns
are decades does not need to be
capitalized
all right continued legacy stuff again
but thank you also to chance and dr.
Daryl Scott they really get it Louis
black and Hispanic unemployment in
history he literally just named all the
black people he knows that's what he did
it not tweet he's like these are the
three black people that like me or that
I think like me so these are my this is
my black friend that I can now associate
myself with so that when you call me a
racist I can bring up their names that's
essentially what he's doing in this
tweet now chants retweeted Trump's
thanks with the comment nah that ain't
it yo followed by a longer apologetic
message that concluded we have to talk
honestly about what is happening and has
been happening in this country and we
have to challenge those who are
responsible as well as those who are
giving them a pass that happens to
include someone I love someone who is my
brother in Christ and someone who I
believe does really want to do what is
right it's not my job to defend or
protect him it's my job to pick up the
phone and talk to him about it now
someone did actually pick up the phone
and talk to Kanye about it and that
person is John Legend so he texted Kanye
after this whole tweet debacle and he
says hey at jail I hope you'll
reconsider aligning yourself with Trump
you're way too powerful and influential
to endorse who he is and what
stands for as you know what you say
really means something to your fans they
are loyal to you and respect your
opinion so many people who love you feel
so betrayed right now because they know
the harm that Trump's policies cause
especially to people of color don't let
this be part of your legacy
you're the greatest artist of our
generation Kanye responds I love you Jon
and I appreciate your thoughts you
bringing up my fans or my legacy is a
tactic based on fear used to manipulate
my free thoughts and then he posted this
to Twitter and John Legend responded
saying think really think with empathy
and context to your words and actions
have consequences much love and since
you're posting text let me add that have
a new single out which is the best
response ever you no chance also talked
about the fact that he wouldn't support
a lot of trumps policies and a lot of
things that he was saying because Ivanka
Donald Trump jr. also appreciated what
they perceived as support and Donald
Trump jr. thanked chance and wrote this
tweet it's always incredible to watch a
cultural shift happen in real time I
respect those willing to take the lead
breaking with convention that takes guts
though there's a better word for it two
basketballs because that's not
stereotypical racist I know when use I
mean he was trying to take a Honus
oh I'm sorry I don't know Trump speak
yeah oh geez
and race well same time all 140
characters sadly impressive I was just
gonna say so angry so first of all
people of color that were tweeting
Kanye's saying finally black people
waking up you know it's it's so funny to
me to see
racist white people love a good sellout
and they they enjoy to hear somebody
support their agenda that you know
states that people of color are less
than they're lazy they don't want to
work they don't want to pull themselves
up by the bootstraps it's so easy to
tell somebody pull themselves up by the
bootstraps when you are wearing steel
boots with iron straps and you're
telling somebody with no shoes on to
pull themselves up so it just pisses me
off I wonder
how would these white people who love
Kanye now say it said about Kanye when
he did his Taylor Swift little thing I
guarantee you if you go back and look at
the tweets look at look at when when he
talked about Bush Ono when he said
exactly what he said
well now the meme is a reverse now the
hiney doesn't like black people but my
greater point is because that's why I
hate celebrity culture and I don't want
to belong to it
why don't we care what Kanye West thinks
so much Kanye West is so disconnected
he's tweeting about how much he loves
his Tesla he's tweeting this house
saying do I look like I'm in the sunken
place well there are people out there
who don't have food for their children
they don't have health care and you
think that Kanye West can relate to what
you're what you're going through he has
any concept of what it is to be in the
struggle right now and that is what
bothers me the most Kanye West is not my
leader people of color have to stop
assuming leadership because they have
Fame and we have to rebuke it when they
do that just because someone of color is
famous and makes a statement about
politics does not make them a reflection
of all people of color this one right
here is a PhD why is kanye west speaking
on behalf of her yeah I've never had or
thought Kanye speaking on behalf of me
exactly I will say that I agree with
your point around the cult around
celebrities the culture that we have
around it and actually John Legend and
Bree Newsome had some really poignant
tweets about this and that was my
favorite part was them asking the
question of why can't we separate the
artist from the the way that we uphold
them or why do we expect the artists to
have this genius message component
that's actually a lot to expect the
artist to speak beyond what the the art
that they have expressed and to have a
political framework that we want to hold
on to and engage and I think what's
worth noting though is that John Legend
did affirm that for Kanye he said you're
the greatest artist of our generation
yeah and I again I think this is what
Kanye's been getting so he's buying into
the hype yeah I mean and also buying
into the hype of the fact that he is
allegedly the person who is filterless
he's the free thinker he's the one in
that called out george w bush on the
telethon said george bush doesn't like
black people but what i think he
actually is is consistently provocative
I don't think he's consistent in being a
truth teller I don't think he's that
consistent genius I don't think he's a
consistent free thinker I think he
constantly wants to be provocative yes
you get a response from folks and that's
a very clear way for him to maintain his
relevancy in the press I mean marrying
one of the Kardashians is a clear way is
the clear pathway towards that and why
he sees any sort of connection through
the dragger and energy of trump is
because they both are that they're both
showman they're showboaters and the mess
what they're really peddling is their
persona and they're peddling nothing
else and everything beyond that is quite
empty and I'm sorry I went on this this
Kanye rant but I I to feel really
squirmish when we uphold artists and
celebrities to this pedestal where they
have to be immaculate too because first
of all I don't get my my politics from
people who have produced singles or
produce arts I inform myself I educate
myself about what an issue is what the
policy is about I read the policies and
and I think that's been the problem of
why we our democracy becomes or is at a
point where it becomes in jeopardy is
because we don't we don't inform
ourselves we don't self educate we rely
on others and especially our obsession
with celebrity culture rely on those
folks to do the work and I just want to
add I said this before I don't want to
bash on Kanye cuz I actually feel bad
for him I know there was this huge
tailspin after his mother passed away
from a really fluke plastic surgery
accident in I believe 2007 and there was
just this descending descending to the
sunken place and so yeah and I mean more
comments on chance as well because I
think he didn't know what he was getting
into and I do agree that all black folks
don't have to be Democrats but to put it
in the context of trying to defend Kanye
yeah exactly is yeah just not the best
response I think you make a really good
right I mean I think it makes sense that
he would align himself 1 to be
provocative and both are like
megalomaniacs right and that's that
that's why they he sees the dragon
energy probably in Trump as well I do
think though that I agree with you to
some extent I agree with you both with
both of you to some extent that we do
have a weird sick culture that really
idolizes these women we literally call
them idols these celebrities right and
we take what they say as a tenant to
live our lives right when they eat how
they work out how they vote however how
they do everything worth what they wear
down to like you know what kind of sex
they have whatever it is like we pay
attention to so closely and want to
emulate so much of it and I do think
that there is something very perverse
about that but the flip side of that is
ok we're in this society now and if you
are an artist with that platform you
need to recognize that and have a
stability in what you say and how you
say it well I will I will add to there
are celebrities out there who have
recognized that and understood that they
have a platform where they can amplify
messages that need to be channeled out
to a bigger audience and I'll shout out
rosario Dawson and McGorry who puts that
memorial post it's such an amazing
medium article about standing up against
NYPD abuse of power and LA PD abuse of
power as well so there are folks that
are doing that but they also recognize
that they are part of the movement they
don't represent yeah movement and that's
what I really love about the kind of
activism work and organizing they do I
mean Matt literally went to New York and
student protests and got arrested yeah
yeah he did but you know what also we I
don't believe the height though the
other people are trying to sell product
Kanye has an album two years ago Kanye
was talking about the systemic racism
that would not allow him to do what he
wanted to do with his shoe company look
at that sway interview and how black
people will never are not allowed to go
to these these limits and now it's you
can do whatever you want to do because
he got the shoes I think a lot of them
Shania Twain whose tour wasn't doing
that well and all of a sudden said she
would have voted for Trump they're
looking at the Roseanne
we were talking about rosanna rosanna
miss approach umph supporter dinner TV
show 18 million people watched they're
trying to sell albums hey that you don't
know what their motivation is and while
you're falling for the okey doke they
are living their best lives yeah what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it and you
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
