recently a number of Democratic senators
have signed on to this new thing where
they don't take corporate PAC money
which is a move that we have advocated
for before they did it and we've tried
to give them credit when they do it and
we want to give credit to them let's
bring up this little figure you're gonna
see the most recent was Connell Harris
but Cory Booker before them kirsten
gillibrand and then three of the more
long-standing people who've abided by
this Elizabeth Warren Maria Cantwell and
of course Bernie Sanders you're gonna be
shocked to see that name on the list but
how much does denying corporate PAC
money actually change their fundraising
to what extent is it great optics and
great symbolically a thing to do and how
much does it actually affect them well
as I Jelani at the intercept actually
broke down the numbers for their
fundraising and so we're gonna show you
a little bit of it and go through a few
examples so first let's bring up Cory
Booker I apologize there's a lot of
numbers on here don't don't worry about
all them they're super interesting now
they are super scared the first numbers
for every on each one of these is gonna
be the percentage of their funding that
was coming from the sorts of PACs or
generally which they liked so if you see
overall PAC funding is the first number
the second is the percentage that was
business PACs so for instance with Cory
Booker if he's not taking money from
corporate PACs anymore then he is losing
about 7.6 percent of his funding whereas
large individual donors which is a
somewhat vague group but you know
generally what they're talking about
there is about ten times larger or nine
times larger I was really good for Maria
Cantwell it actually has even less of an
effect on her I mean partially it's
because she's been doing it for longer
so she hasn't been raising as much money
so these numbers can be a little bit
deceptive so very little of her money
comes from the PACs but it's also
because she hasn't been taking money
from PACs but anyway let's move on the
next one you're gonna see two of the
more recent ones Kirsten Gillibrand
Kamala Harris
so Gillibrand 7% of her funding was
coming from PACs but two-thirds of that
was business pact so we're talking about
between five and a half and six percent
of her funding terrible math was coming
from business packs so it would be ten
times as big of a change to deny money
not from corporate
business packs but from large individual
donors some of whom are the same sort of
people who ferret money through the
corporate paxton to de politicians will
show some more in a little bit but
overall what do you think about this
about what they have done versus
theoretically what they could do this is
heavily symbolic but also in a situation
this like everything if it can go back
to North Korea it's like a heavily
symbolic but is it something that you
can complain about it does seem a little
just kind of the announcements knowing
that you could believe it or take it you
know it seems kind of like trickery like
words like you were kind of speaking to
people who are a little bit uneducated
on what even the see this major
announcement of what you're doing for
the country and and for the system and
you're not gonna let these corporations
dictate politicians and this and that
knowing that it money is it's not really
that big of a deal when it comes to it
how much money you're fundraising and
how you're raising money it's kind of
it's what I'm looking for it's it's
misleading I guess it is this this is
this is all important everything in this
is important one thing I would not
overlook is that they're listening to
you and they care about doing something
it's a-workin it hasn't worked we no
longer have to stop but it's starting to
work and yes if Bernie did it of course
he is of course he's gonna do something
like that it's in brand with what he's
done since the beginning and that's
what's wrong a lot of people to Bernie
Sanders his consistency of message when
Hummel is doing it and Cory's doing it
and they are they are the next
generation of politician within the
Democratic establishment and yes
resources the kind of thing that they'll
do and of course you're gonna find out
that like alright it turns out it was
largely symbolic but they're they do
value you and they know at heart they
need you so this is that little opening
that you run through and you make sure
that this is not the first and last
thing they do in their initiative to get
money out of politics this is the first
in a long series of things they do to
when you when people like zai Jelani at
the intercept point out other ways to
get money out of politics and that's why
I say the whole thing is
that you follow through on that too so
they'll do pressure on that as well
because even in this there's so many
other ways to get kind of almost that
same money right exactly something they
don't even know about yeah but we threw
this away yeah yeah huddling it through
the pet your ferreting in or whatever
word you use it's not funneled through a
pack and thereby making your cars
lighter ferrets are sneaky accepting
Kindergarten Cop when it was adorable oh
I was not adorable I don't remember that
it bit the villain at the end when I
saved everybody's high but fine so look
I I come out somewhere I guess in the
middle I think it's awesome that these
numbers were put together and I totally
agree if if wealthy individuals are
giving ten times as much as corporate
PACs and it's probably about ten times
as important that that money is is not
accepted I do hope that they will
discover when they give up this
corporate PAC money if that leads to
more regular donations especially small
donations I hope that that will be a
reinforcing thing where they see oh wait
I didn't need that corporate PAC money
oh wait maybe if I do like better
O'Rourke and I don't take the the large
contributions then maybe I can actually
fund everything through the small ones
like Bernie Sanders did and as more and
more people do that it becomes less of a
gamble politicians are not brave people
they're cowards they don't want to do
something that might lead to them
getting thrown out of the Senate or
wherever so they need reinforcements
this could be the start and what are the
random thing the money can be moved
around in stuff like that that is a
possibility that's why you need to keep
a careful eye on it but I do think that
while if 7% of their funding is coming
through the corporate PACs and I get rid
of it that's good if it's ten times as
much as coming through the individuals
it might not literally be ten times as
much because I actually do find the
money coming directly from corporations
to be more worrisome it's not the same
obviously it doesn't make up for the
huge gap but I wealthy individuals
bother me less than the corporations I
will say that way to both but the
corporate I don't even understand why
corporations can give money to
candidates in first place corporations I
don't see how that's legal in any way
the individuals can if you're if you
don't work for a corporation or if you
run one fine
donate money why the hell should a
corporation should be donating to a
candidate that doesn't make any sense
you're so brazen
I know it's just yeah
a bunch of people from a corporation all
individually donate because then at
least four individuals I don't know I
don't want politicians to feel directly
beholdin to individual corporations
regardless if it's a pharma company a
bank military-industrial complex
anything like that I don't want them to
be like IO Boeing I want them to at
least have to talk to individuals that's
one step less corrupt the ways that you
could the other ways like who was it in
ba and Elizabeth Warren and Scott Brown
and setting up kind of like a agreement
between the two of them that if they if
an outside group donated ran an ad that
there that the whoever benefited from
that ad would pay a penalty to charity
as a let's look across the table and say
we want to get money out of politics
let's let's do something tangible
limiting the overall amount of money
that can be donated by an individual
even if you have a limit it is still a
regressive initiative it is still
something that Penn Eliza's people with
less money because if it's a five
hundred dollar initiative five hundred
dollars is a larger percentage of the
income of a poor person than it is of a
of a rich person so but if you lower it
enough then they always say like my
average donation is eighteen dollars
well that's because you got a lot of
good jillion dollars from someone and
then the average actual donation is
probably like ten dollars but even that
agreement there's like just kind of goes
back to there's always some way around
it even that agreement just caused the
organization's to start finding other
ways to support these candidates to
broadcast commercials that's why we
would say rather than doing small
patches on it get rid of the entire
thing right constitutional amendment to
get money out of politics and so the
initiative around these parts exactly
and what you're describing is the
hydraulic theory of campaign finance
where I move through some other pipe or
something like that anyway get rid of
all of it you have to deal with it but
to go back to your point and this would
be my final point so I think it's very
important we have this information and
it does moderate or modulate my view of
how significant this move was but it was
still something they did still give up
7% of their funding
or roughly that and that is a product of
the pressure that we and you have put on
them so continue it you've done that
simply looking at it and saying I don't
trust them that's unproductive look at
them say that you don't trust them and
then push them to get rid of the other
funding as well that is a productive way
to push for progress you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
