on the 2016 campaign trail I met voters
who rejected Donald Trump as a racist
and others who embraced him for the very
same reason but the ongoing reporting of
Alex Koch speaks to the Trump voter who
tolerated his flaws in the hope that a
trump administration might drain the
swamp of corporate influence on our
government Alex joins us now with some
new information that could impact the
confirmation process for a trump
appointee named Don stump Alex thanks
for joining us and please tell us if
Trump gets stumped confirmed by the
Senate how will that impact our
proverbial swamp I definitely think this
is a pretty perfect example of not
draining the swamp in fact filling the
swamp Don stomp is is the current
nominee for the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission they regulate
financial derivatives such as Commodity
Futures she is a former lobbyist for the
futures Industry Association which is
one of the primary lobbying groups for
the Commodity Futures industry so she'd
be regulating the industry that she just
recently as of last year was lobbying
for so her expertise is not necessarily
in agriculture industry I mean she did
she used to be a staffer in the Senate
and I think then the house on the
agriculture committees but agriculture
committees are the ones that oversee the
the CFTC Commission because originally
Commodity Futures were were farm
agriculture products like corn and
soybeans but uh Don stump in her career
she was in the government she was a
staffer for Texas senator Phil Gramm who
is one of the authors of a bill the
House version of which ended up passing
in late December of 2000 Bill Clinton
signed into law and exempted a lot of
kind of risky trading practices in the
derivatives markets from regulation and
then eight years later the the finit the
global economy crashed because of very
risky mortgage-backed securities and
things like that so Don Stumpf went on
from government to become a lobbyist I
believe in two thousand five or six she
was lobbying for the New York Stock
Exchange and then she ended up lobbying
for the futures industry
to make matters worse her husband who
actually used to work in government is a
top lobbyist for Monsanto the giant
grain company in seed manufacturer that
trades in commodity futures and this
husband of hers has hundreds of
thousands of dollars invested in
Monsanto stock also has stock options
and a retirement plan with Monsanto so
dawn stomp had to sign a letter that
included a paragraph saying that she
wouldn't personally intervene and in
matters pertaining to Monsanto whether
or not that happens we'll see but we
certainly can't control what she and her
husband are telling each other in the
comfort of their own home if she becomes
a commissioner well let's pretend we're
in the comfort of the stump family home
and let's say that we want to make sure
this family is going to be okay for
generations
how could being both inside the
government and also a part of Monsanto
benefit this family well I'm not
entirely sure but I mean certainly
Monsanto is a big player in the
commodity futures market
presumably they like other large
corporations that do this kind of
trading would benefit from less
regulation more freedom to do the kinds
of investments they want with already
someone whose precondition to not favor
strict regulation of this kind of thing
comes from lobbying for that industry
her husband is part of the industry
essentially they're invested in the
industry I'd be willing to bet that
she's more likely than not to do things
on the commission that would benefit
Monsanto as a business and therefore
benefit but the financial health of her
own family and so can you explain
Commodity Futures to people and and why
it's something that we may want to have
our government protect us from abuses
sure Commodity Futures how it originated
was in the grain markets you know
something that Monsanto was very
involved in so agriculture commodities
like corn and soybeans for example the
price of these commodities actually
fluctuates quite a bit of natural
disaster could hit an area I could wipe
out a lot of supply prices could go up
because of the shortage of that
commodity so what some agriculture
companies
and now it's it's expanded into other
markets like oil and other kind of
fossil fuel commodities they are able to
hedge against this Christ fluctuation by
locking in prices via contracts with
buyers now when this becomes problematic
is when you have other interests betting
on or even betting against these kinds
of deals so a lot of times you have Wall
Street firms which have no interest in
the health of of for example the the
grain market or the corn market but they
just want to make money so they're
actually betting against these deals in
destabilizing the market so like could
Monsanto itself bet or speculate on
futures while actually influencing the
market through its production I believe
so yes and it's unclear whether Monsanto
is speculating I asked them directly
several times and they wouldn't answer
um they do state in their SEC forms that
they do a lot of commodity futures
trading that's really important to their
business model and that's not
unsurprising but whether they speculate
we don't know however I did talk to an
expert who said it's very likely they
are speculating on their big player in
the market and you know they're they're
a massive firm that might be sort of
using that process to make more money so
let's say you voted for Donald Trump and
you're getting some of the social agenda
issues addressed that you you wanted
addressed what does it matter if the
stump family is enriching themselves in
public service well I mean I think
certainly there's income inequality that
comes into that but I think more
important is is that this kind of risky
trading and speculation is what brought
down the economy in 2008 and there
haven't been enough safeguards put into
place to prevent that from happening
again they were using some of these
similar financial tools that are used
for commodity futures trading which are
also supposed to be regulated by the
CFTC this Commission we're talking about
so you have not only those personal
conflicts of interest but you have the
greater risk of another recession this
time probably we're all relating to
things like student loan debt auto loan
debt and credit card debt you know this
is these are kinds of things that the
CFTC should be
regulating strictly to prevent another
crash but you have someone who actually
helped author legislation in 2000 that
that led to the financial crash now
coming in potentially coming into this
commission it with the mindset of
deregulating things so Don stumps
confirmation process I understand it's
been delayed by about a year explain why
and also tell us what are the chances
that she won't be confirmed
I believe she's expected to be confirmed
but you know we really don't know yet
she hasn't she had a committee hearing
but she hasn't been I've had a full set
in hearing originally there were she was
among a slate of Trump nominees last
year one of them was always already in
the commission and he was nominated to
be the chair he is now the chair that's
Jean Carlo two others were were
confirmed one of whom is a Republican
one of whom the Democrats so the
Commission is supposed to have five
members three of whom are the
president's political party and two of
whom are the opposing major party so
right now it's two to one Republicans
two Democrats I don't think it would fit
within the confines of that Commission's
rules to have another Republican and
make it a three to one disadvantage for
Dems so what they're doing is they're
packaging her nomination with another
nomination of a Democrat which just came
through last week so she's been
basically waiting you know almost a year
to be confirmed until they could find a
Democrat who trump would nominate now
they have found this person I don't know
a lot about him but I think he was
favored by the Democrats
so perhaps they're pairing a very
conflicted Republican nominee with the
perfectly average Democratic nominee in
order to get them both through and have
a full committee that will have a very
deregulatory majority well just have to
depend on two of the other Republican
appointees having some loyalty to ethics
or to the to the country as a whole that
supersedes personal financial interests
of their fellow commissioner and it's
not really clear that they're there
really any more concerned with ethics
than Don stump is I don't know but
chairman giancarlo is definitely on the
deregulation side of things
one economist I talked to was at a
conference that the CFTC held and
and Giancarlo expressed excitement at
the prospect of Don stopping the
Commission so I think she's just
eccentric accomplished the deregulatory
agenda that already exists at the CFTC
I'm always interested in the genesis of
articles like this was this something
that our managing editor Jonathan Larsen
said hey Alex go get him or did you
uncover this yourself a little both he
actually put me onto the CFTC to look at
oil prices which is another issue that
they have to oversee in some aspects
because oil is also a commodity that's
that's involved in futures trading I
didn't find a whole lot going on at the
time there is some talk about OPEC now
actually Trump is tweeting about it so
that could be a salient issue as well
but in the process of looking into the
agency I often look at the nominees I
mean this is something that any
journalist should do it during any
administration but it's especially now
there's so many glaring conflicts and
they're very easy to find so I looked at
her her background I look at her in
financial disclosure and it was pretty
obvious that her husband was
high-ranking lobbyist at Monsanto and
was personally invested in the company
so that's sort of how it came about was
just looking at the agency overall and
trying to find the areas that are pretty
glaring and need exposure I mean the
reason that she has to have a little
paragraph in her ethics agreement that
states she won't participate in matters
relating to Monsanto is because it's a
huge conflict and there's got to be
other people who don't have those same
conflicts that can do the job that stump
is probably going to be doing and that's
the problem with with the Trump
administration is these glaring
conflicts of interests and all these
ethics waivers that are given to for
example food industry lobbyists who are
now helping the USDA set policy
something that we've talked about at TYT
before these are not the only people who
can do these jobs there should be people
out there who are being consulted and
nominated who don't have conflicts have
the requisite a knowledge of the
industries that they're working on but
don't actually have personal financial
stakes in those industries okay but it's
clear they're seeking out people who do
have these financial interests they do
have these conflicts why is the Trump
administration doing this well I mean
Trump is a businessman that's that's his
lifelong identity he is absolutely
involved with a lot of shady care
throughout his career on a day-to-day
basis we're seeing more and more
evidence of of potential fraud and other
things that the Trump has done as a
businessperson and his associates have
done including his son-in-law and his
son-in-law his father the cushion her
family but you know we have a cabinet
that's that's dominated by wealthy multi
millionaires and billionaires and you
know it makes sense that that that kind
of mindset would sort of infect the
entire administration when you have even
in the transition period before Trump
was was actually sworn into office and
he staffed his advisory panels with tons
and tons of corporate interests
including a lot of people who work for
right-wing think tanks like the Heritage
Foundation that also received money from
these big businesses and are staffed
with people who have big business
interests in mind and are not concerned
with things like wealth inequality
income inequality
