thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt director
Richard Linklater has stepped into the
better over or Ted Cruz Senate race with
an absolutely awesome campaign add that
in my view better over should have
filmed himself a couple of wit months
ago and released but let's take a look
somebody left something on my door the
other day is it Ted Cruz toughest taxes
come on somebody
call my wife a dog and said my daddy was
in on the Kennedy assassination I
wouldn't be kissing their ass you stick
a finger in their chest and give them a
few choice words or you drag their ass
out by the woodshed and kick their ass
dead come on Ted political ad paid for
by FTC PAC not authorized by any
candidate or candidates committee hey
that's a character actor let's see Sonny
Carl Davis yeah so about time somebody
did this and and look that's the thing
about Ted Cruz is that he's a wimp
and we've said it about a million times
and the thing that a lot of Democrats
don't understand and apparently
Linkletter does and so I greatly
appreciate that ad is that voters care
about only a couple of things you think
they're tracking trade policies you know
some voters who watch this show are
right because you guys carry your smart
etc and you might have a progressive
point of view it's but most voters look
for strength and likability okay and so
that's why Ted Cruz is saying he's quote
a quote unquote toughest Texas but the
reality is he's a total wimp Donald
Trump I mean I don't know if you ever
saw this old video we used to showed all
the time back in the day we probably
shouldn't but dr. David D Schultz in in
wrestling when John Stossel went to
talk to him about where the wrestling
was fake he did something he shouldn't
have done any / docile upside the head
and then what stossel got up he
backhanded him right and and he said he
said that's a open-handed slap boy what
are you gonna do about it and that's
what Donald Trump did to Ted Cruz he
said your wife is ugly and you and I'm
gonna plant the story in the National
Enquirer about how your dad killed
Kennedy and then I'm gonna talk about it
on the campaign trail mm-hmm I just
slapped your wife and backhanded your
dad yeah what are you gonna do about it
well why don't we show what he did so
first of all just in case didn't see it
when I can show all of it but one tweet
lyin Ted Cruz just used a picture of
Melania from a GQ shoot his ad be
careful lying Ted or I will spill the
beans on your wife to this day I don't
think anyone knows what he's talking
about there oh but he also put out a he
tweeted out a photo of Heidi Cruz that
he thought was ugly our current
president tweeting up photos of people's
wives anything or ugly and then about
his father said his father was Lee
Harvey Oswald prior to Oswald's being
you know shot I mean the whole thing is
ridiculous what is this right Pryor is
being shot and nobody ever brings it up
they don't even talk about that that was
reported and nobody talks about it well
presumably when it was reported they
talked about it but I mean what was he
doing what was he doing with Lee Harvey
Oswald shortly before the death before
the shooting
it's horrible yeah so people think that
like we're exaggerating over this no he
called his dad a potential assassin and
let's see so in response to his dad
being attacked his wife being called
ugly something something's spilling the
beans he has to summon all of his
masculine testosterone and then he
produced this I don't get angry all
but you mess with my wife you mess with
my kids that'll do it every time Donald
you're a sniveling coward and leave
Heidi the hell alone so will you support
him as the nominee I'm gonna beat him I
love that pause that political
calculation obviously if I think it's to
my benefit that I'm sent to throw Trump
under the bus if we go Heidi here you go
I do dad
which is of course what he did when he
famously pathetically phone banked for
Donald Trump
oh that that sad little face he has on
that's my favorite things we fair that's
his face so he's a wimp I mean there's
another word for it do you know what it
is in Texas okay so and and now he's
trying to pretend to these toughest
Texas plea please so look to finish the
thought about Republicans in general and
elections in general Hillary Clinton's
strategy in attacking Donald Trump and
what the Democrats often do with
Republicans is is unfortunately
ineffectual I wish it would work but it
doesn't work so what do they do they say
oh they're bad guys they don't like
black people the tinos Muslims etc right
their voters already know that and they
don't unfortunately history has shown
they don't mind that okay what they mind
is weakness especially in Texas yeah so
what Hillary Clinton should have done to
Donald Trump is what we tried to do
which is call him a loser which is what
he is bankrupt six times pathetic figure
had to borrow money from his dad over
and over again would be nothing without
his daddy a spoiled little rich brat
right that undercuts his strength that's
a thousand times more effective now in
this case Ted Cruz oh he's a bad guy
dude everybody on the planet knows he's
a bad guy all of his voters know he's a
bad guy Heidi knows it her dad knows it
okay that's not the issue the issue is
is he strong or is he not strong and the
reality is he's a beta he's
toughies puddin that's what he is and so
I went really fast I want to do a tale
of two debates so a tale of two debates
in terms of strength so they were
supposed to have three debates I covered
the first with Brooke a couple of weeks
ago there were supposed to be another
one it might have even been tonight a
townhall Beto is going to do it but
there's not gonna be any Ted Cruz
because Ted Cruz backed out okay that's
weakness and I hope Beto will point that
out I don't think he will
because of the other debate in this tale
of two debates and that was the first
one and Beto seems really good on a
number of issues he's good in general
but he had many opportunities to attack
Ted Cruz and he refused to when they
brought up these things about the wife
and his dad he was super nice to him at
the end when they asked him can you say
one nice thing about the other candidate
he went first and said something super
nice that undercut his other attacks
against Ted Cruz and then Ted Cruz
turned around and talked about him being
a radical socialist that sure some
people like in Venezuela but I don't
think in Texas and so he came off to me
as a person not willing to not even be
dirty but just be honest about the
weakness of this man and how bought he
is you know we saw that during the last
primary and so my concern is that while
director Richard Linklater will make ads
like this Bano he seems to be more
focused on just showing that he's like a
cool guy who you agree with on the
issues which again like you said before
I wish that was all it took for you to
win a Senate seat in something like
Texas but I don't know that it will if I
had the opportunity and say something
nice about Ted Cruz in the debate and I
have challenged Ted Cruz to a debate and
let me quote Ted Cruz a sniveling coward
comes to mind he did not show up to my
debate either so here's how what I would
say about him I'd say no no you got to
be fair to Ted ted has been great to
Donald Trump after Donald Trump insulted
his wife and said his father was a
murderer and I think the fact that he
could get past that speaks really well
of them and that he still has maintained
his relationship with his wife and his
dad despite the fact that he seemed to
betray them in order to get political
favors from Donald Trump you know that's
I guess that's a
person who can just get past being
slapped around by a better man or a
bigger man a stronger man but hey at
least he knows his role that would be my
answer for what I like about Ted Cruz
yeah or you know I appreciate a guy who
will defend those who support him like
yeah okay he didn't defend his wife he
didn't defend his father but corporate
interests that have paid for his career
this thus far he will defend them at
every turn a great answer say hey look I
know there's one thing you know about
Ted Cruz if you give him a lot of money
he will do favors for you if you're in
his family 5050 apparently less than
5050 right but the Robert Mercer and
Rebecca Mercer that gave him 13 million
dollars in his primary those guys he's
actually loyal to thanks for watching
this free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
calm /join
