so they do a campaign ad which I think
and they're really good communicators
they're devastating they're very good at
what they when I first saw him I said
that's why I had him on my pocket so
this was just great at that time Trump
was not really viewed as legitimate
candidate so I thought I'm not really
doing any damage by and by the way I
don't think she said his last name
correctly didn't she kept saying Neelam
Neelam Neelam yeah but but it doesn't
matter as you say they're there in your
face and and music in the back and it's
a great act you know you've got her
she's just coach I mean there's no
stopping you could show her all those
graphs Kim that you posted and that
wouldn't slow her down a wit and then
you've got still next we're going mm-hmm
yep that's right
and that sausage thing it's it's too
funny it's too good very very good but
you know regardless of how charismatic
and how how fantastic they are in
communicating it's just sad to know
what's at play behind the scenes know as
I say their message is toxic and and it
is they're making a lot of money anyway
they've got a gift shop and a lot of
ways that they can be supported in the
same way that a lot of politically
active websites have all these things
but in any case to see that there is
campaign money being directly you know a
channel to them is a surprise well it's
just like how much would it how much
would you cost to or what is your price
and this price the right question $7,000
to do an ad for someone who came out as
a white nationalist as a neo-nazi he
promoted a book that was made by
neo-nazis that blamed Jewish people for
anti-semitism he's known for yeah
posting
a lot of links to the daily stormer
website joining the right-wing social
media platform gab he was banned there
after he revealed the identity of
another white nationalist internet troll
Wow it's just well and the these and
these things that are rhetorical hate or
start on the internet that way they stir
up real hate that turns to real violence
people lose their lives over this stuff
so it's not some little pact with the
devil that you're making to get seven
thousand dollars you're doing real
damage and and to the point that people
can lose their lives over it I mean well
I'm I mean that great and what they do
in a way I don't I'm not surprised but
in another sense you'd think that they
would be able to draw the line there
yeah and and I also want to be clear
about another thing I don't think that
it's impossible for black people to lean
to the right and and be supportive of
Trump it just raises red flags for me in
cases where someone has a history of
being you know liberal or far to the
left and then all of a sudden out of
nowhere and by the way I don't know too
much about their history so I'm not
saying that's necessarily the case with
them but it's just you see like these
cases of people who all of a sudden out
of nowhere change their political
identity like drastically it's not
impossible but it just seems strange
it's one thing to lean right this is a
support of a neo-nazi candidate I mean
that's way beyond leaning right you know
yeah anyway that's just the country we
live in I guess you just watch the video
by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network com slash join
