affordable housing continues to be a
huge problem in the United States in
fact in a lot of metropolitan areas
including Los Angeles in New York
homelessness is at record levels because
it's incredibly expensive to find a
place where people can pay rent so Ben
Carson who is the head or the secretary
of the Housing and Urban Development of
Housing and Urban Development has an
interesting proposal now his proposal is
in response to pressure from Donald
Trump to save money in government
programs and so Carson is gonna make it
a lot more expensive for underprivileged
people to pay their rent
according to reports he wants to make
changes to federal housing subsidies
tripling rent for the poorest households
and making it easier for housing
authorities to impose work requirements
now this is all part of the Trump
administration's welfare reform 2.0
which we should have all expected
because when the Trump administration
and Republicans slashed taxes for the
wealthiest earners in the country how do
you think they're gonna make up for that
revenue they're gonna cut services for
the poor in fact those very tax cuts
will cost us what was it two point three
trillion dollars two point three
trillion dollars in ten years so again
what are they gonna do they're gonna try
to save money by cutting programs that
help the needy now Carson's proposal
would raise the rent for tenants in
subsidized housing to thirty five
percent of gross income or thirty five
percent of their earnings working 15
hours a week at the federal minimum wage
up from the current standard of 30
percent of adjusted income about half of
the four point seven million families
receiving housing benefits would be
affected now just to give you some
specific numbers and keep in mind these
are people living in extreme poverty the
cap on rent for the poorest families
would rise to about $150 a month and
that's three times higher than the
existing $50 ceiling now if that seems
like it's not much money to you I
understand but you're not living in
extreme poverty with children living in
your household so HUD
wants to scrap rules allowing deductions
for medical and child care costs when
determining rent which Carson said gave
some tenants an unfair advantage
currently 15 out of 3,100 housing
authorities across the country require
some sort of work or job training in
return for these benefits now here's the
part that really stood out to me and I
just don't really understand first of
all think about the fact that we're
losing 2.3 trillion dollars just by
giving tax cuts to the wealthy to give
you another insane number the six
biggest banks saved three billion
dollars about 3.1 billion dollars in the
first quarter of this year from Trump's
tax cuts remember when he said that he
was gonna close loopholes and simplify
the the tax system he didn't close any
of the loopholes all he did was slash
taxes for the wealthy and we are losing
money as a result and now we're focusing
on taking money away government programs
away from people who desperately need
them okay so let's get to the part that
I just don't don't understand now
seniors over the age of 65 and
individuals with disabilities would be
exempt from the rental increases but
only for the first six years okay so
let's stop for a second only for the
first six years because if you're
elderly after six years you're not
elderly anymore and if you're disabled
after six years you're not disabled
anymore I mean in some cases that might
be true for people who are temporarily
disabled but I don't understand the
six-year limit so what happens after six
years does the federal government give
them the middle finger and tell them
well go figure it out for yourself now
it's ridiculous the whole look I think
the whole thing is it's obscene because
it's done as Anna says against the
backdrop of having given corporate
welfare on a record level such that they
now have to find a way to get back that
money somehow but the other reason it's
it's particularly destructive is because
it does target those who need help the
most and and I mentioned that the people
are living often on a subsistence wage
that's how they even qualify for this
low-cost housing and
so any even incremental change in these
numbers monthly can leave them in
serious serious problems the federal
government has spent way more money on
Trump's travels to mar-a-lago than
helping our own I don't want my taxpayer
money to go toward that clown so he can
travel and vacation in mar-a-lago I
don't want that I would much rather have
my taxpayer money take care of those who
absolutely need it those who are living
out on the streets those who have
families that they can't provide for I
just don't understand how easily you
know the federal government under the
trump administration has deceived the
American people into thinking that the
poor is the enemy because that's exactly
what's happening here now they're
hemorrhaging money in the way that
you're talking about when it comes to
going to Marv Lago
Scott Pruett is now answering questions
about all the way that he spends
taxpayer money with additional security
details and Ben Carson who you see
behind me he's got the one hundred and
thirty thousand dollar cabinetry that he
wants for his office you just brought up
such a great point I'm sorry to
interrupt you but homeboy over here
right like he has no problem spending an
insane amount of money on a dining room
table but now you're having a
conversation about cutting benefits for
the poor it's obscene I mean it really
that's the word that just comes to my
just obscene it's it's you're
incorrigible you know how can you get
away with this so again they're just on
a spending spree when it comes to their
own personal comforts and spending
federal dollars for things that have
nothing to do with improving
working-class American situations and
then when it comes to the people who
need it the most Americans who are
living on a subsistence wage they're
talking about this this this terrible
pie implementing this terrible policy
it's offensive it's just offensive it
really is and and you know it not only
impacts HUD it also impacts food stamp
programs it also impacts Medicare I'll
give you an example Trump also gave
states permission to impose much higher
premium payments and kick people off of
Medicaid Medicaid if they fail to pay
those higher premiums this is because he
couldn't couldn't successfully under my
Obamacare that's right and so these are
all ways that he is taking other shots
at it and it should come as no surprise
to anyone at this privatization it's
what they're looking at he's looked at
privatizing everything he wanted to
privatize the post office the air
traffic controllers the I mean he came
in on day one is growing you know hey
you know my buddies they could do all of
this better than any of you guys and the
truth is that businessmen and you heard
this one in the rap to the election
business well you know he's a
businessman and he's done well of course
that turned out to be completely a fraud
but businessmen aren't necessarily good
in running a government because the
government isn't always running at a
profit
we're not every endeavor associated with
Washington policies isn't associated
with making money we try to take care of
the citizenry associated with these
policies well in theory in theory in
theory but more often than not we are
much more willing to spend an insane
amount of our resources in bombing other
countries paying weapons manufacturers
paying private contractors giving insane
contracts to private prisons that's
where our money goes that's where the
majority of our money goes it doesn't go
toward taking care of our own making
sure that our kids are educated making
sure that people have affordable health
care those are not issues that our
politicians genuinely care about we
might have one party that cares a little
more but the administration that we have
right now does not care at all and it's
an incredibly insulting considering the
fact that he paraded around as someone
who would take care of the needy who
would look out for those in middle
America who were abandoned economically
speaking he is not looking out for them
and I hope at some point they realize
that rise up and demand more from our
politicians if you become a member of
the Young Turks you'll be saying you
know I'm like a smart person so do it
right now tea why tea network.com slash
joined get the whole young turks show
every day
