CIA director Mike Pompeo has been
confirmed as the new Secretary of State
in the Trump administration he was of
course nominated by Trump himself and he
was confirmed by the Senate today with a
57 to 42 vote so again he has been
confirmed and the votes were based for
the most part along party lines there
were some Democrats who voted in favor
of confirming him now he does have some
credentials he's a little different from
some of the other clownish nominees that
Trump has had but there are problems
because of course he is a huge war Hawk
now he did earn his degrees from West
Point and from Harvard Law School he's a
US Army veteran and he did serve three
terms in Congress I do want to mention
that he came into Congress as a tea
party candidate giving you an idea of
how conservative he really is now during
the confirmation hearings what stood out
to me the most was how he downplayed his
hawkish Ness how he made it seem as
though he's much more open to diplomacy
than he has presented himself in the
past and I'll give you examples of that
in just a minute now there are other
issues with him according to Vox he
seemingly endorsed the notion that
homosexuality is perversion and also in
2013 during a floor speech he accused
the American Muslim community of being
quote silent about the Boston Marathon
bombing even though they weren't and
then claimed that their so-called
silence quote cast doubt upon the
commitment to peace among adherents of
the Muslim faith now this is all
relevant when you consider what's going
on in Syria you know the issues with
Iran and Trump's perception of the
nuclear deal that we have with them the
fact that Pompeo
is so hawkish worries me that we will
try to renegotiate that Iran nuclear
deal which will be disastrous but more
importantly that we will engage with
Syria in further amplifying the war
there which I do not want which most
Americans do not want now during his
confirmation hearing
before the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee Pompeo walked back past
comments that seemed to endorse war with
Iran and regime change in North Korea
Papale said during the hearing that he
supports a diplomatic approach to Iran's
nuclear program but in the past has said
that regime change is quote the only way
to deal with the problem he said today
that he opposes regime change in North
Korea but had mused just last year about
toppling the Kim regime so a lot of
scary scenarios to consider but
nonetheless he has been confirmed and
he's trying to walk back some of the
stuff during the confirmation process
obviously because he's being questioned
about being Secretary of State's of
course Secretary of State is a position
of diplomacy it's a it's a it's a
position that has to be handled with
great delicacy in these various
situations hot spots around the world
that Anna was just mentioning and so you
do have to walk back sort of the
militarism that has typifies your
positions prior to this but it's so easy
to back into a military conflict and
surrounded by these hawks it is a
legitimate concern that this
administration could find itself in a
war maybe unwittingly find itself in a
war you know back into the Syrian
conflict to the point that they rub up
against the Russians in the wrong way
and all of a sudden you're in a much
bigger conflict and then you thought you
were gonna be in Iran represents a clear
and present danger to this
administration because of pompei OHS
position because of Bolton's position
and because of Trump's lack of
understanding on the issue you know the
State Department has been gutted under
Trump 60% of the state has a top
officials of State resign yep let me
actually give you the numbers because I
have to be honest I was ignorant of just
how bad things were at the State
Department I was aware that things were
bad but once I looked at the exact
numbers I mean it's it's terrifying
because again this is the the department
in the executive branch that's supposed
to take care of national security
concerns now 60 percent of the state's
highest ranking career officers quit
during Trump's first year the number of
applications to join the Foreign Service
dropped by
fewer than half of all top level
positions political appointees nominated
by the President and confirmed by the
Senate have been filled so there is a
lot of chaos Mike Pompeo does have his
work cut out for him and I guess we'll
see how it goes but there's a directive
from the top yeah and that's the reason
that 60% of left and that is that we
don't really respect the State
Department oh there is a sabre-rattling
going on that doesn't reflect the
respect for diplomacy and that's why 60%
again have left and that's why such a
high percentage are either leaving state
or avoiding going to state and that's
really the way the new world works it
works with these diplomatic negotiations
it works with treaties it works with
trade pacts it works with things that
don't have to do with war that is a very
old-school view of the world that
somehow you can bomb a place and bomb
them into a relationship with you the
new world is about economics it's about
it's about trade it's about and and look
this country understands that we've been
dominating countries worldwide with with
money but what we usually do is if they
don't bow down then we bomb them and
then we get them to look you won't let
us build that dam we're going to show
you how we're going to make sure that we
build that dam anyway all of this is to
say State Department is critical in the
new world I think and to avoid a
military conflict
I don't know that Pompeo can do it but
as you say he's got the credentials it's
just that he is a saber rattler so it
worries me if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
