during Trump's interview with Fox and
Friends he was asked about his
relationship with Melania apparently it
was her birthday and this clip will give
you a sense of just how loving their
relationship really is just milania's
birthday so I said let's do it on
milania's birthday so happy birthday -
Melania all right hopefully they'll be
visits in between but have you decided
on or do you want to tell us would you
got her well I better not get into that
because I may get in trouble maybe I
didn't get her so much I'd say what she
has done I got her a beautiful card you
know I'm very busy busy running out
listen for presidents okay but I got a
beautiful car there's some beautiful
flowers and she did a fantastic job with
France yeah I also got her Mike Pompeo
by the way first of all I don't care if
you didn't get her anything other than a
card you know if my husband didn't get
me anything other than a card I don't
care every day is my birthday with him
as long as we have a good loving
relationship that's all that matters so
I don't I don't want to like nitpick
their relationship but the way that he
said I got her a card made me believe
made me think that he didn't even get
her a card because he's like I got her a
card he added some flowers right I feel
like if you've gotten your wife a flower
and a flowers and a card then you would
just say it like oh I got I got her a
nice cup wrote her a nice card and I got
her some flowers but it was just so all
right let me all right what should I get
what did I get her I got her I got her
card can we listen to it one more time
please just listen to that pause that no
he didn't get her just milania's
birthday so I said let's do it on
milania's birthday so happy birthday -
Melania all right hopefully they'll be
visits in between but have you decided
on or do you want to tell us would you
got her well I better not get into that
because I may get in trouble maybe I
didn't get her so much I'd say what she
has done I got her a beautiful card you
know I'm very busy listen for presidents
okay but I got a beautiful car there's
some beautiful flowers and she did a
fantastic job with France I love that
there's no question softball enough for
Donald Trump on Fox and Friends mr.
president here's one for
yeah what is he gonna for her birthday
you know you can handle that right well
actually good if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
