we are starting something new we always
do it's fun ok we're gonna start a
competition among the hosts why I don't
know just make sure that you know what
stressed out enough yeah that's right
you can stress us out some more yeah I
just kinda want to kick their ass and
see how it turns out
oh you're participating yeah yeah so you
know how we do tu i t.com /join to
become a member
well we're gonna add a wrinkle to it
which is that you could do it by host
it's the same thing you're you the same
membership you don't get a you know 499
one you can get a $10 one if you want
clicking on the higher producer level
ones that's awesome who's gonna add a
wrinkle to that wrinkle to my face from
all the stress okay but if you want to
join you could go to one of our host
pages and join from that okay so we got
tea y-t-dot-com slash shank see mine is
harder to spell it's with a C it's
pronounced like a J that could throw him
for a loop and I'm sure and is with only
one end though okay John Hasan Francis
those are your five choices right now
and you could join through one of those
we might add more choices as we go along
and then we'll keep a running tab as to
who's got more people are joining on
their pages okay let's move on from the
competition part of this which is
ridiculous slash I'm gonna kick your ass
okay I will actually really like this
idea because you're gonna get specific
content that relates to our particular
passions in the news right
so with John you're probably gonna get I
don't know how to paint figurines
content oh by the way he posted on his
Instagram account some a picture of a
figurine that he painted oh that was his
it's amazing
that was his that's amazing anything
alright but no but in all seriousness
you're gonna get political content in
the future there might be some
additional features that could include
some interaction I don't know I think
it's
great idea I really like it yeah we're
just getting started we're just getting
so warms up here for now it's just a way
to join and by supporting one of the
hosts just say you know egg is on a
little bit but like Anna said we'll add
some more content to it etc and John
does figurines and pies and it does
woodworking I drop elbows 24/7 okay I'm
not saying you should join through t
y-t-dot-com sashenka
I'm just saying alright by the way just
to remind you guys we've launched a lot
of things this week you've got the
standard to IT comps let's join that you
could always do that's the easy way to
become a member get 18 of our shows
that's a lot of shows that's like a
progressive Netflix okay you get them
all commercial-free okay well if you're
already a member this week we launched
TYT comm / upgrade and what that allows
you to do is upgrade your membership and
get a couple of extra benefits by doing
that and plus you support strong home
and progressives independent programming
you could also send the gift of
membership to people you know I
hopefully a little bit of enlightenment
and truth for them and it also helps to
show TOI t.com / gift and finally if you
just want to do a donation out of the
goodness of your heart bless your heart
again we are a rock for progressives and
if you want to support that
tea y-t-dot-com /e yes is an easy way to
just contribute a little bit so we hope
you participate in all that and
especially to y-t-dot-com / genk it has
begun the TYT + app is now available on
iOS and Android download to get more tea
party content at TYT calm / app
