jerome corsi the Washington bureau chief
for Alex Jones conspiracy theory site
Infowars recently during a very long
livestream started talking about James
Comey and several members of the former
Obama administration but it was Comey
particular what he said about Comey that
really stood out as quite possibly
sociopathic listen to what course he had
to say
Mike Haven call me were true they were
both of the criminal conspiracy they're
both guilty of treason they're both
gonna be prosecuted for it make Comey
was doing McCabe was doing what call me
wanted and call me was doing what
Loretta Lynch wanted it Loretta Lynch
was doing what Barack Obama wanted dot
and Hillary Clinton they're all
criminals they were all trying to
prevent Donald Trump from being all
traitors and I'm and the two of them
fight pointing fingers at each other it
will just make it easier to get the
criminal confessions on the table but
they're both guilty and neither one of
them is anyway good or has anything good
about them they should both they're both
traitors to the United States of America
and call me running around with this
graceful book Tories another one I want
to duke it out with Comey acting like
you know this big puppy dog when he's
really you know a cardinal Comey
sanctimonious higher standard higher
standard is you know to treason well
that only get him then I'll get him to
the end of the rope and I'm swinging in
the air that's right jerome corsi who
sits at a computer all day once to
fistfight Duke it out with James Comey
the former director of the FBI now I
know commis probably lost a few steps in
his age but again this guy was trained
by the FBI I have to imagine that he's
probably not completely useless at a
fist fight so personally I would love to
see jerome corsi
fistfight James Comey I think that would
be phenomenal they could do it for
charity they could raise money they
could give the money to the homeless you
know give
to a homeless shelter something that
would be phenomenal but here's the
problem with this story just in general
first of all of course he's saying that
Comey needs to be hanged
what treasonous activity has he or any
of the other people he was ranting about
during that little tirade what have they
committed did any of these people
collude with a foreign power to help
steal the United States election because
according to all of the available
evidence no none of them did you may not
like them you may not be fans of them
but I'm pretty sure calling for their
murder is something that could end up
getting you prosecuted dr. Corsi
Infowars people the people who watch
this the people who tuned it in and said
your own course he knows what he's
talking about that's the real danger
here course he's just some crazy guy
with a microphone and a computer it's
the people that tune into people that
listen to this that are the real threat
to the way of life here in America they
believe him they want to see these
things happen and as we've seen in
recent years they're attempting to make
it happen
Infowars Alex Jones with they're pushing
of the pizza gate scandal almost got
people killed and I shouldn't even say
scandal that was a conspiracy hundred
percent but they almost got people
killed other followers of Infowars have
done similar things this has to stop
okay these nutjobs on the air are pretty
soon gonna have a body count next to
their names because of the crazy people
that they are inspiring to go out in
this country and do unspeakable acts of
evil just because alex jones jerome
corsi and everyone else at Infowars
thinks that sparking the craziness in
this country is gonna help their ratings
if you're thinking about subscribing to
our channel I strongly encourage you to
do that but if you're not thinking about
subscribing I would encourage you to
start thinking about it and then once
you're thinking about it actually go and
do it you can see the subscribe button
right there on the screen or if you're
watching on a different platform go to
YouTube
komm slash the Ring of Fire
