a privately run prison transport company
is getting sued after one man says that
he was shackled in the back of this van
for 18 days covered in filth and also
human fecal matter defecation now this
all started when the alleged victim his
name is Edward Kivar II was in West
Virginia I'm sorry in Virginia he had
moved to Winchester Virginia from
Houston and while he was at a gas
station police stopped him because they
believe that his vehicle was stolen they
said that his vehicle was reported
stolen in Houston there was some sort of
mix-up and they filed charges against
him at that point this transport vehicle
came and picked him up and he was
shackled in the back of the span now
later the report turned out to be false
and the resulting charges were
ultimately dismissed but not before
edward Kivar ii was arrested arraigned
on a fugitive warrant and extradited to
houston in September of 2016 in what his
attorneys described in a federal lawsuit
filed Tuesday as a torturous ODE ordeal
and when you read about the accusations
against this transport company they are
pretty torturous let me give you some
examples he was allegedly shackled in
Chains so tight that they left marks on
his body
Kivar he was crammed in the back of a
van with other detainees and deprived of
adequate food and water he also was
denied his daily prescription medication
for hypertension and medical care has
his blood pressure spiked during this
journey in three vans through seven
states over 18 days and also the the van
was overcrowded this is a for-profit
business this is not run by the
government in any way it's kind of like
for-profit prisons and so as a result
they want to do what they want to
maximize their profits and the way that
they do it is by cramming as many people
as possible in the back of these vans at
some points as many as 15 people were
crammed into the cargo van exceeding
capacity so that Kivar II had to
lie on the floor with other detainees
feet resting on his stomach it reminded
me of slave transport it's disgusting
and they want to again maximize profits
as much as possible and they also don't
want anyone to take any risks because
the clowns running this operation and
working for this company aren't actually
trained and so they don't want to open
you know the the van to allow these
prisoners to use the restroom so as a
result instead of bathroom breaks
drivers demanded detainees relieve
themselves in empty bottles or on
themselves at least one person defecated
on the floor of the van and another
detainee detainee vomited so it's just
it gets worse you just read about how
these people were treated I mean think
about it he's sitting there shackled in
the back of a cargo van with you know
vomit and you don't s currently you two
extra men yes all over the place and you
know he's also being denied you know
proper medical attention for his
condition so if you went from where he
was arrested to where he had to go to
court straight he would take you 20
hours instead it took nearly 20 days it
was 18 days of day two why because
they're going like this to pick up all
the other guys so that they could save
money so now you don't even know if the
guy's guilty and in this case it turned
out he wasn't
now you're nuts you're supposed to have
speedy justice and you're supposed to go
in front of a court right away nope
don't care don't care about any justice
we don't care about whether you're
guilty or not guilty
we don't care anything about speedy
constitutional rights cruel and unusual
punishment don't care about any of that
I gotta make money and we privatized
everything so we're going to dehumanize
you we're gonna make you sit and filth
etc now let's talk about people who
could die so first of all they have them
shackled up at 12 hours at a time okay
so they can't walk they can't stand up
no circulation their legs I have a very
close family friend who died from a
blood clot from sitting on a plane too
long they're coming from an
international flight happens all the
time by the way if you're on planes walk
around okay but if you're shackled and
in the back of a van twelve hours at a
time you don't have the opportunity to
do that
so people could die from blood clots
second of all more importantly you might
say well that could be rare but it does
happen if you don't have your medication
I mean how many people need medication a
lot a lot of people have different
conditions that they need medication for
they take you on an 18-day hell ride
through the country to make an extra
buck well people will die and in fact
they have so at least five people have
died on prisoner transportation services
vans from alleged medical neglect so
we're literally killing people to
maximize profit this is supposed to be a
core government job that no the
government gets to imprison people the
government are the cops the justice
system etc if we turn the prison system
into for profit which we did what will
they do they will create more prisoners
if we turn this for profit what will
they do they will not care about the
citizens they won't care about their
constitutional rights they won't care if
they're innocent or guilty and even if
they were guilty this is not how you
treat people it is unconstitutional but
we handed the Constitution off to guys
who want to make a buck and and this is
ruined our democracy the thing that that
drives me crazy is how incredibly easy
it is to distract Americans with non
issues non threats and what I mean by
that is people who are poorer than them
who are struggling who are immigrants
the powerless those are the people that
the Americans love and when I say the
Americans I include myself right all of
us like all of the focus is on those non
issues the people who have absolutely no
power right when in reality what we
should be focusing on is the
corporation's the people in positions of
power who could victimize any one of us
this guy was completely innocent he
didn't steal a car he didn't do anything
wrong okay and he ended up in the back
of this torturous van for 18 days
straight he could have lost his life and
the reason why I'm saying that is
because I know we have this issue in
America where we think of prisoners or
people in custody as throwaways of
society people who have committed crimes
but this could happen to anyone we
shouldn't treat anyone like this
regardless of what kind of crime they've
committed but but your head sorry in it
we've lost such of humanity absolutely
even if they were guilty I mean we
didn't do this so the guy who did the
Charleston shooting we got a Burger King
like we're we can't dehumanize people
like this so for stealing a car you're
gonna have the guy sit in defecation and
vomit for all that time and you don't
let them go to the bathroom so the guy's
got hypertension and he and his blood
pressure skyrocketed and so when he told
officers what did they say shut up or
we're gonna tase you because that'll
really help a guy who's who might die
from hypertension so that's what we
become and so one more thing for you
guys the Robert downs the chief
operating officer of this company when
asked about this situation said why
don't you let them go to the bathroom
why don't you you know be a decent human
being and transporting these people he
said quote unless it's life or death we
can't open the cage on the vehicle we
don't know if they're setting us up for
something yeah you're untrained and you
are not right for this job you should
not be doing this job and if you have
that much fear then you should find work
doing something else this this company
should not exist this should not have a
for-profit model period yeah so you
don't want to take 1% chance as usual so
you're willing to let them die and guess
what happened a lot of them have died
you just watch the video by The Young
Turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
