two Republican lawmakers in the state of
Colorado have proposed legislation that
would punish districts and organizations
that encourage teachers who go on strike
and the punishment could include jail
time let me give you the details the
bill prohibits districts from supporting
teachers strikes and requires schools to
dock a teacher's pay for each day they
participate in a walkout the teachers
could also face up to six months in jail
and a 500
if they violate a court order to stop
striking State Senator Bob Gardner and
representative Paul London both proposed
this legislation and it's absolutely
despicable and unconstitutional because
you are essentially banning teachers
from coming together protesting and
practicing their First Amendment rights
the law would allow school districts to
seek a court injunction against teachers
and teacher organizations that are
threatening to strike if the
organization violates the court order it
faces a fine of up to ten thousand
dollars a day and a ban on representing
teachers in the state for up to a year
now teachers in the state of Colorado
are not happy about their pay they are
at the bottom of the list when it comes
to States and how they compensate
teachers they're poised to participate
in a lobbying effort in Denver on
Tuesday and Thursday of this week
prompting at least a dozen school
districts in the state to cancel school
also the days of action at the Capitol
is not a strike or even a math teacher
walkout she said most of the teachers
participating in the event will be using
the to personal leave days they earned
annually first of all let's stop for a
second the teachers are going to use one
of their two personal leave days that
they get each year they get two personal
leave days each year two they get two
okay they barely get paid anything and
then they get to the Colorado is number
46 out of 50 states when it comes to
teacher compensation that's why they're
upset and they don't want to do you know
this mass walkout and
out on their pay so they're gonna use
the one of two days that they get for
personal leave
so these Republicans who want to put
these teachers in prison say yeah we're
number 46 deal with it and and if you
don't bow your head I'm gonna put you
away and I'm gonna find you and I'm
gonna destroy the organization that
represents you now they're hilarious
excuses no no no they saw their First
Amendment rights but if I can get a
court that I control to put an
injunction on them and then they
continue to speak out I mean what do
they think they have money no money is
speech speech is not actually speech
then we'll put them in prison and so
it's preposterous
anas absol right it's unconstitutional
by the way they also can be fired
without a hearing like we don't want to
hear you out the minute you are you know
cross our interests you're done you're
destroyed you're fired you're put in
prison and you're fine how dare you
complain that you have the 46th lowest
pay in the country Colorado is too busy
giving tax cuts to the rich to be
worried about you and and now the
teachers point out first of all no more
corporate tax cuts if you're not going
to do what the law dictates and now this
is really important and interesting and
so an argument could be made that we
should put the Republican legislators in
jail because in the year 2000 the
citizens of Colorado voted for amendment
23 and that requires the state to
increase funding for education at the
annual rate of inflation but the
legislators were like yeah I don't think
so um you didn't give me money I didn't
get bribed so no I don't care that it's
a I'm breaking the law what am i
legislature whose job is to create laws
no no I'm not gonna follow the law
so they have not adjusted for inflation
for nine years so that all cost that
actually cost the education system in
Colorado and if you live in Colorado
that cost your kids a quality education
for the tune of six point six billion
dollars yeah so what are you gonna give
us six point six billion back well we're
not going to because we're still passing
tax cuts all right and
if you complain that I'm giving
everything through the rich and nothing
to your kids so they never have an
opportunity to learn to get an education
and to become rich themselves they never
have a shot at the American dream
don't care I'll put you in prison thank
you Republicans for clarifying what your
position exactly vote them out and let's
let's start off with the two state
lawmakers who proposed this legislation
in the first place
by the way carried almond is the woman
who represents some of these teachers
she's part of the Colorado Education
Association and she is fighting this
pretty aggressively and I'm glad that
she's doing so but Senator Bob Gardner a
state Senator Bob Gardner has responded
to the criticism because I'm guessing
there's been quite a bit and here's what
he has to say it is not in any way an
attempt to silence teachers voices they
have the right to assemble protests
associate demonstrate whatever they wish
and I would defend their right to do
that except I just proposed legislation
that would punish teachers organizations
and teachers for ever having the
audacity to stand up to us because we
didn't fulfill our promises and they're
barely getting paid for their jobs it's
disgusting and I hope he gets voted out
of office okay one last thing it just so
we're clear it's not just teachers who
would go on strike um this bill has a
language that says educators caught
directly or indirectly inducing a
protest or encouraging a protest would
be imprisoned so that's basically a
thought crime it's funny because I
thought conservatives were in favor of
freedom of thought I mean that's what
Kanye West tells me that's what Donald
Trump tells me that's what all the guys
online tell me who are conservatives but
now Republicans want to imprison you for
your thoughts Kanye on the other hand
can have any goddamn thought he likes we
don't care we at the counter in his
speech we're not try and take his speech
away but in this case they're literally
trying to take speech away and imprison
you if you have the wrong thoughts again
Republicans thank you for clarifying
what your real positions are if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now
TYT Network comm /join get the whole
younger so every day
