a federal judge has made a ruling in
regard to the rollback of daca which is
of course the protection for certain
immigrants who were brought into the
country illegally when they were
incredibly young now the judge in this
case stated that the Justice Department
must actually justify the rollback of
daca in order to go through with it also
apparently the protections must stay in
place and the government must resume
accepting new applications now the judge
is Judge John Dee Bates of the Federal
District Court for the District of
Columbia and he says that the
administration's decision to terminate
the program was based on the virtually
unexplained grounds that the program was
unlawful but one thing to keep in mind
that is that the judge's ruling it will
be stayed for 90 days to give the
Justice Department an opportunity to
make its case and explain why they felt
that daca was unlawful and unlawful
policy so this is a third court in
several months to say that the program
must continue first one was in Brooklyn
the other one was in San Francisco this
is in DC but the guy who made the
decision here was nominated by george w
bush so he's a Republican and he's
saying look I hear you but it appears
that your decision is are becaus
arbitrary and capricious which is a
legal standard and and you have not
really given me any reason to rule it on
your behalf so and he's given them 90
days come up with a reason okay right
which by the way shouldn't be that hard
okay
I want to elaborate on that a little bit
so the argument that you hear from
right-wingers who despise daca and
despise protections for these immigrants
is that Obama did this through an
executive order and it's something that
should have been done through Congress
okay that would be maybe a believable
argument if Trump wasn't signing the
executive orders left and right when it
comes to policy that should be decided
by Congress so I'll give you an example
just recently Trump signed an executive
order
in regard to the SNAP program the food
stamps program indicating that in order
for someone or a family to receive those
benefits they have to show that they're
working at least 20 hours a week now
first of all most of those recipients
have children 70% of those recipients
have children also if you are a single
individual who's receiving that benefit
you only get that benefit for 3 months
after that you have to prove that you
are working and underpaid and you need
that that benefit and so it's it's
basically spreading this stereotype
about food stamp recipients and it's not
gonna actually help people live better
lives if you want to have a real
conversation about why these people
usually need these food stamps let's
have a discussion about underemployment
let's have a talk about stagnant wages
people who are working full-time and
still can't afford to put food on the
table for their kids I mean we have six
banks saving 3.1 billion dollars in tax
revenue in the first quarter of this
year and we're having a discussion about
food stamps sorry a little bit of a
tangent but nonetheless you know that
was done through an executive order he's
done a ton of things through executive
orders that should have been decided
through Congress so I don't know what
their arguments gonna be yeah well look
I think the president gets to undo an
executive order and so they do have to
come up with some explanation why but
but he won and and so when Trump says
the Democrats are the ones that are the
reason why doc has gone that's 100%
untrue he's the one that rescinded
Obama's executive order Democrats want
him back now I don't think they fight
nearly hard enough for it and they kind
of want it back and they kind of want to
protect their dreamers but they
certainly didn't want Trump to take it
away so Trump could put it back tomorrow
so he's an absolute liar on that no
question about it and am I in favor of
the dreamers thing of course I think
it's unconscionable what he's doing and
using them as as a pawn and now he says
no no that's it even though he had said
earlier no no they're gonna be over
I got a big heart you're gonna be all
right okay there is nothing big about
him yeah it turns out no he's got as we
know he has a dark heart and all he
cares about is me me me me me so he says
that's it from now on I'm going to get
all the dreamers because the Democrats
made me do it so he wants his wall in
return etc but the president gets to do
executive orders and gets the rescind
executive orders they just have to come
up with a some explanation instead of
what kind of want to write but they're
lazy as usual and they didn't bother
doing their homework and putting
together a halfway decent brief now the
one trouble that they might have is if
they have to explain like why it's a
national security interest to do it like
really those kids are a national
security problem they might have to
write out in their papers yes these kids
are dangerous and then that's
politically damaging because that's
preposterous and and I one last thing
lots of different articles about this
one of the ones I read was from the New
York Times and and great information in
there good journalism overall but it
drives me crazy when they say things
that are not true just to have false
equivalency they say there's broad
bipartisan consensus to protect the
dreamers no there isn't
if there was they would protect the
dreamers they could pass the legislation
tomorrow if they actually agree they are
not passing it because the Republicans
will not propose it because they don't
want it so when you're trying to go 5050
you're doing great damage to the truth
there so report the actual reality the
Republicans will not propose the bill
because Donald Trump has told them not
to hence they are 100% at fault and they
do not agree to protecting the dreamers
that's the reality and if you're a
journalist please do your job and report
it as such you just watch the video by
the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
