Mick Mulvaney is the current
illegitimate head of the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau and so it's
his job to police and regulate the banks
and to stop them from utterly
brutalizing American consumers at least
that's what the traditional position is
for he might see it a little bit
differently um and we want to show you
what he said to a group of those bankers
the people he is supposed to be
protecting us from he was talking with
over 1300 of them recently he said this
we had a hierarchy in my office in
Congress if you're a lobbyist who never
gave us money I didn't talk to you if
you're a lobbyist who gave us money I
might talk to you yeah you could take
out the word might so a couple things
come out of this one
they are so arrogant in their pack and
and so entrenched in their power that
they've got this hubris where they think
no I could just say it's okay I don't
have to hide it anymore he takes that
that second part of the statement as a
given the reason he brought it up is to
say but look in the hierarchy I will
talk to constituents for my districts
the first one I don't believe him but
okay but grant him done is it's not
important right of course you should
talk to your Christie she was that sole
point of being their representative and
so he's actually bragging but in the
midst of that bragging about how he
actually talks to his constituents Wow
he said he accidentally says what is
real because he thinks well everybody
knows that right I mean everybody knows
if you don't bribe me I'm not gonna talk
to you why would I talk to you if you're
not bribing me that's the way the system
works in fact I'm a little surprised
that this has actually got national
media attention normally whenever some
money in politics story they're like
well of course you take a lobbyist money
that doesn't corrupt you at all you take
the corporate money that why would that
corrupt you to give me a dupe for their
health yeah yeah they actually see that
quote as if you're a lobbyist who never
gave us speech I didn't talk to you if
you're a lobbyist who gave us speech I
might talk to you okay and some of us
that held a lot more of it than others
okay so here's the issue though I mean
this story is interesting and noteworthy
because they
either either he individually or them
generally they don't think that they
need to hide the corruption anymore and
so it's very easy for us to see and I
know it's some people's theory that
that's the good thing about this
administration is that the corruption is
is just out in the open but there's an
inherent flaw in that theory it's not
just that the corruption is more open
it's that there's more corruption it is
more corrupt than it was I mean we can
directly compare Mick Mulvaney as the
head of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau to how that Bureau has
operated in the past ok the Republicans
have been trying to destroy it since
before was even created they made it
take way longer to come into being than
it should have and they've been trying
to defund it or destroyed ever since
they have an effect done that with Mick
Mulvaney so in past years under Barack
Obama when they established that Bureau
it was able to claw back literally
billions of dollars for American
consumers it might not have had enough
power or enough funding or enough staff
to do what I would want it to do but it
was actually fulfilling the mission that
it was set out for but now we have Mick
Mulvaney he since he got in charge of it
even though there's an open question as
to whether he even legally is in charge
of that organization has frozen all new
investigations and slowed down existing
enquiries by requiring employees to
produce detailed justifications for
doing their job he's also sharply
restricted the bureau's access to bank
data arguing that its investigations
created online security risks so we
don't need to see any of that data
he's also scaled back efforts to go
after payday lenders auto lenders and
other financial services companies
accused of preying on the vulnerable
just coincidentally he was given 63
thousand dollars from payday lenders for
his congressional campaigns but he
probably doesn't even remember that and
so yes he's being more open with the
corruption but he's also being far more
corrupt and the corruption is not some
vague thing floating off into outer
space it is very real and it is
affecting actual people's lives
those who could have been benefited by
the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
under some other head who could have
been protected from bank abuse are not
now those investigations are shut down
there will be no clawbacks in the future
this is far worse for actual American
workers okay so they said that they're
going to drain the swamp and they were
gonna go after the global financial
elite so I'd like to point out that he
gave a speech to 13
hundred bankers and lending industry
officials at the American Bankers
Association conference he literally went
to the bankers and said if you give me
if you arm your lobbyist with what is
now legalized bribes money and he just
says it give me the money then I will
meet with you and look at all that I've
done at the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau which is to not
protect the consumers but to protect you
guys and he said help me with passed
legislation wink to make sure that they
defund and defang his own Bureau that
he's in charge of I mean that is so
brazen to go to the bankers and openly
ask for bribes so he can destroy the
organization that's supposed to oversee
them and regulate them unreal levels of
swamp eNOS it's been described as the
swamp iasts thing that's ever been said
yes and I think that's right and then
finally though let's not lose track of
the others so McMillan is particularly
low sim and brazen but you think that
the other politicians aren't using the
same tests of course they are they are
also saying if you give me money I'll
meet with you if you gave me a little
money I'll meet you with you for a
little bit and he didn't give me money
I'm not meeting with you you end a
constituent part are you kidding me what
is the last time these guys asked their
constituents and we're like well you
know lobbyist says he's got all this
money for me and I'm he's gonna help me
get reelected with deceptive ads that
I'm gonna run over and over again on the
other hand Bob but thinks I should do
this okay so it's not just Mulvaney it's
not just the Trump administration by
though it's not just Republicans yes
that party is more corrupt 99 to a
hundred percent on the national level
but yes a lot of the Democrats I would
say most of the Democrats also say give
me money you get a meeting and then
later I'll feign outrage that I would do
anything in return for that money no yes
they do the system is built on
corruption wolf dash pack.com
get the money out don't compromise we
need an amendment these guys are not
gonna pass a law themselves because oh
you know what I'm cancer but why don't
we go cure cancer that's not how it
works okay cancer is an expert on cancer
though it is it is and you know what it
looks forward to more cancer so let's
get an amendment and let's clean it up
get the money out otherwise these guys
are gonna be in charge forever and it's
bribes as far as the eye can see
