president Trump's ambassador to the UN
nikki Haley has resigned this morning
surprising seemingly everyone except the
apparently two to three people that she
had clued in to this and if you believe
him Donald Trump who says he's known
about it for about six months
believe him if you choose to but here is
the president talking about nikki Haley
moving on nikki Haley ambassador to the
United Nations has been very special to
me she's done an incredible job she is a
fantastic person very importantly but
she also is somebody that gets it she
has been at the United Nations from the
beginning with us from the beginning and
worked with us on the campaign it's been
really a long time very intense and she
told me probably six months ago she said
you know maybe at the end of the year at
the end of a two-year period at the end
of the year I want to take a little time
off take a little bit and that was
really the thing I think she did best at
the United Nations she got to know the
players she got to know China Russia
India she knows everybody on a very
first name basis and they liked her
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo he thinks
the world of Nikki
so we're all we're all happy for you in
one way but we hate to lose you
hopefully you'll be coming back to
someone but maybe a different profession
you can have your pick
I liked the last part I was like maybe
I'll come back in some capacity yeah so
I have so much to say and then we got
more clips for you guys so first of all
I felt like her eyes were dying inside
they're like oh Pompeyo and her get
along great no they don't she's like
dying inside okay we're gonna get to her
in a second and why she left
of course then it's impossible not to be
entertained by the buffoon that is our
president she got to know all the
players well China isn't Russia and
India well if you are ambassador the
United Nations that you don't know those
three it's it's a really low bar I
thought he was gonna be like oh the
thing that she negotiated was Botswana
and Chile and and Tonga and she put that
coalition together in a way I didn't
expect okay that's an interesting case
to make I turns out she knows China and
Russia and India you can't brag about
that it's easy thing to brag about okay
I'm gonna get to the relevance of it
just say but but first I have to make
one other silly points I'm forced into
it I love how yellow those chairs are in
the in the Oval Office not an oval
office but in the White House okay
I've always noticed I might notice them
under previous presidents and their
faith but now I look at how unbelievably
yellow they're I hadn't noticed that
okay and but what I like is he talked
about how she's a good on a team or
something along those lines and
apparently she's decided to take her
talents to Los Angeles and will be
joining the Lakers with that outfit okay
no no no by the way it's not a comment
about her outfit it's just a coincidence
that the outfit in the chair happen to
make the Laker colors I see where you're
going with this okay okay and and that
and the chair and Donald Trump's hair
match to some degree okay so now on a
serious stuff this is the color theory
of politics yeah no I'm just a color
commentator on politics that's all
literally in this case so um is
everything hunky-dory and she's had
always plan to leave look this is where
our serious analysis I I hope gives you
important context so been covering
politics for over 20 years every single
time someone is leaving they say oh no
I've been planning to leave all along
and and they in the boss says oh yeah no
I knew about that oh we we planned this
all the way a long time ago oh yeah of
course and I'm going on to do something
really important it's so Nikki hailey
what are you going to do nothing okay so
little wrinkle okay so I agree but but
we also in comparison of previous people
who've moved on from their positions in
his administration some of them have
found out about it while reading Twitter
on the toilet like they they're very
shocked to find out they've been fired
he clearly like doesn't want her to go
they're not fighting we've heard no
reports that they're feuding from the
mole in the White House so I think that
that makes it at least slightly more
viable know this has been played I'm not
saying I believe it because I think he's
a liar and there's no way he'd admit
that he didn't know no 100% not plan and
I let me explain why so this is the most
important part no one leaves an
administration with less than a month
before an election unless it's
acrimonious it doesn't mean that it has
to be acrimonious between nikki Haley
and Donald Trump it could be as we're
gonna discuss in a second Pompeo and
Bolton etc but that is a terrible time
to leave as a matter of politics and
optics yeah it seems like the it's in
disarray someone is leaving wants to
leave the administration now what do
people normally do they leave after the
elections that happens all the time
after the midterm elections that are
their Democratic and Republican
presidents people who have been planning
to go or even might have had a little
bit of acrimony behind-the-scenes but
they keep it together before the
election and they leave after leaving 27
days before an election yeah oh no hell
no that was not planned something went
terribly wrong yeah so my best guess as
to what went wrong is I'm going to
discuss a couple of different theories
here
as to why she might be leaving but that
she laid down a thread and said if this
doesn't happen I'm gonna leave now which
would look bad before the elections that
threat was that Bluff was basically
called and so she's like all right then
I'm gonna go before not after the
elections and why doesn't he seemed
filled with spite and rage because it's
not about him it's about the other
players within the White House he kind
of likes them fighting remember he's the
reality show former politics if she had
insulted him no then it's a totally
different thing she gets fired out on a
tweet out of nowhere and he says oh god
she had problems strong problems right
etc no it's not about him you know China
yeah she shit I had to tell her what
Russia is but that one I know really
well okay so you're right I am fine but
her and other people clearly do not seem
fine inside the Trump administration
when I found out that nikki Haley was
moving on I largely felt who the hell
cares like I I don't think God knows how
much autonomy she actually has she's
undercut constantly by Donald Trump when
she pushes for anything that doesn't fit
in with his world view I think that he's
surrounded by other voices on foreign
policy they're absolutely detestable
even more so than her and on certain
issues like with Iran
she's pretty horrible anyway so my
question to you is did it matter that
she was in that position and will she be
replaced by someone who's worth so
substantively what was the nikki Haley
effect okay that's a great separate
conversation and to that I would say she
had zero effect
there's conservatives who are against
Trump today saying oh no nikki Haley is
leaving what a shame yeah if you're not
a neocon it's totally irrelevant so
she's a neoconservative or certainly
allies of neoconservatives they're gonna
miss her because she would stick up for
israel's right-wing government under any
and all circumstances would make
preposterous claims to defend them etc
so she's a deep right winger i you know
if there's a difference between her and
bolton it is only a matter of
degree and maybe a personality and an
internal power struggle but they're all
headed in the same direction so I'm not
I don't shed a tear at all because there
are some people in the White House and
in the administration who are a
stabilizing effect on Donald Trump such
as it is and you think well maybe it's
not such a bad thing it could be worse
than maybe John Kelly whose chief of
staff right I mean it's a low blow bar
right but he could be worse than john
kelly nikki Haley what difference does
it make
they all hate the UN she hates it Trump
hates it Bolton hates it
they all want to make sure that the
Palestinians are crushed and the human
rights commission is crushed and any
program that helps anyone else in the
world is crushed so it makes no
difference at all do you think so the
one case that people generally will make
where she seemed to have a pretty
different approach than Donald Trump
that look very least was in Syria where
she was more willing to be critical of
the Russians support for the Syrian
dictatorship today I'm the matter at all
yeah I actually think on that issue
she's slightly worse now why do I say
that now I think he's corrupt and
working with the Russians and I
obviously this big points of
disagreement on that but I think he's
knee-deep neck deep with the Russians so
I appreciate that she's a check on that
but policy wise he wants to go and
interfere in Syria unless she wants to
interfere in Syria more she's more of a
neoconservative wants more war more
bombings she's worse than Trump on that
so like all the people who were crying
like bench bureau and other
conservatives today but Oh Nicki Early's
leaving well they all want more war so I
think Trump's guilty on working with the
Russians but that's a separate issue
than policy in terms of policy no no if
it was up to the Nick Nicky Haley's of
the world we'd already be in the middle
of a disastrous war in civil civil war
in Syria and to some degree we already
are but it would be far far worse okay
so yeah I was curious how you'd come
down on that because like like I tweeted
this morning just like I don't care I
understand that anytime someone leaves
this big thing like so many people have
left and everything
but he wields so much you know be like
unilateral power like he's you know cub
the proto authoritarian what the hell
does it matter if she's there and she's
like a principled stand they pulled out
of major portions of the UN while she
was in there like what was it really
different than if John Bolton had been
there well look this isn't why the
mainstream media I think at a bare
minimum leans right and and right wing
establishment and that is why today the
right wing establishment and the media
is shocked and chagrined because if you
got Trump out of there and it was like
pence was president as an example and
the Nikki Haley's of the world were
running things the media would be like
oh she's a stabilizing influence ago no
it just means she's establishment and
the establishment loves war hates not
hates the rest of the world is too
strong right but but the neo-cons that
is a wing of the establishment don't
care about the rest of the world and
they will do anything and everything to
protect certain countries but definitely
not others yeah so that's why they're
all crying and in that sense the
establishment is a little worse than
Donald Trump so in other senses Donald
Trump is way worse if I you to think of
one okay okay but in foreign policy
issues like this nikki Haley I would
argues worse and that would be sacrilege
on television right now everyone on TVs
crying yeah well I've always felt that
she's the Susan Collins of the UN so
moderate so moderating thanks for
watching this free clip of The Young
Turks don't forget to become a TYT
member today for more exclusive content
join now at TYT dot-com / join
