dr. Ronnie Jackson wants to be the next
head of the Department of Veteran
Affairs but every day that passes lately
it seems like that is less likely to
actually happen this morning we had some
new allegations against Ronnie Jackson
and this afternoon we have even newer
new allegations against him and so we're
going to dig into those today the Senate
Veteran Affairs Committee announced on
Tuesday that it was postponing Jackson's
confirmation hearing while it reviews
allegations of hostile work behavior
excessive drinking on the job and
impropriety and dispensing medication
preferred by at least 20 current and
former military members Jackson has
reportedly denied all of the allegations
although that's that's a lot I mean you
have a couple dozen people coming out
against you and it goes further than
that
Ronnie Jackson was nicknamed the
Candyman for his leniency and handing
out prescription medication like ambien
to White House staffers and even
journalists on long flights Jackson also
reportedly drunkenly banged on the hotel
room door of a female employee during a
trip overseas in 2015 so loudly that the
Secret Service had to get involved to
keep him from waking then President
Obama up and that female staffer said
she felt extremely uncomfortable during
that situation so a couple things there
one you know you do somebody a solid and
give them a prescription drug on a plane
and next thing you know they rat you out
anyway the Secret Service is not worried
about the woman inside the room as he's
banging on it drunk like you might wake
up someone else we're more worried about
the president's sleep than we are about
the woman inside being a little unfair
I'm sure they wanted to stop it for a
couple of reasons and the name Candyman
is both awesome and disastrous if it's
in a Quentin Tarantino movie that dudes
gonna do some damage watch out for ya
right on the other hand you don't want
the nickname Candyman because it's
either this or it has something to do
with giving candy out to people you
shouldn't be giving it to it's truly one
of the few nicknames I haven't yet
gotten here at TYT Oh anyway we have
more although - close enough
so dr. Jackson also provided a quote
large supply of percocet a prescription
opioid - a White House military office
staff member throwing his own medical
staff into a panic when they couldn't
account for the missing drugs a nurse
staff said dr. Jackson had written
himself prescriptions and when caught he
asked a physician assistant to provide
the medication to him and that a secret
service going-away party the doctor got
intoxicated and wrecked a government
vehicle leading many to say that you can
say a lot about dr. Ronnie Jackson but
you can't say he doesn't know how to
party but anyway this is this is a long
history of apparent excessive drinking
they talk about there's one of the the
details of I believe the Air Force is
involved in protection when they travel
that he routinely would get drunk with
and that is a problem when you're the
doctor's personal physician or you're
the president's personal physician you
need to be sort of together in case
something happens and let alone the
ethical problems of writing himself
prescriptions which in some cases is
acceptable but certain types of
medication you cannot simply write
prescriptions for yourself and he
apparently has been doing that I'm
trying to figure out why I'm not a
hundred percent against dr. Ronnie
Jackson okay so let's let's figure it
out together first of all if you watch
one of our post games and that's one of
the benefits of membership so tea white
tea network.com /join it would have
gotten the longer version of this story
but quick version is he was gonna stitch
up Bush's leg because he was Bush and
Obama and Trump's doctor as White House
physician and he told a story to Bush to
reassure him that he's good at this
about how he had ripped his own scrotum
and then stitched it up himself which
earned him the nickname from Bush scrote
okay so I part of it is I think this
groats an interesting character and it
depends on the details so if he got so
wasted and he trashed a vehicle while it
was parked shouldn't do that but kind of
a fun story if he got inside intro now
that's DUI that's crazy you can't do
that
right so it kind of it kind of depends
on the details here impression I got but
we're gonna find out more this week yeah
yeah and I guess one of the reasons that
I'm not super livid about it as I do or
am on other issues is because it doesn't
involve corruption this guy just seems
to have a problem right he might have a
drinking problem like they go away on a
on an international trip and he gets
wasted okay okay
I mean it could be I don't know if he's
got a chronic problem in which case you
should get some help or if he's just
having her describes yeah or if he's
just having a good time so again it
depends but oh I know I know guys you
can't do it you're the physician to the
president as John pointed out the reason
you're on the trip is if there's a
medical emergency to the president not
so you could have a good time and get
wasted in Oktoberfest in Munich yeah
yeah I I think I think it's partly those
things I think also partly I think you
have a bit of a soft spot for fresh
behavior huh I think that you look back
with nostalgia on those sorts of days
and so when you see somebody living it
up as he is I think that to some extent
you like that yeah and I'm not a
substance abuse guy and I think that's a
disastrous path to go on but I'm a it's
not fresh and I wasn't in a frat or
anything like that but yeah I like to
have fun I you know I like to get a
little too intoxicated if we're drinking
let's actually have some fun right so
it's long but it is a giant caveat and
this is the problem with dr. Ronnie
Jackson apparently according to the
witnesses as long as you're not harming
anyone else that's the most important
thing you're having a good time
bless your heart let loose we only live
once but you can't do that on the job
you can't go knocking on a woman's door
in the middle of the night I mean Jesus
Christ how unprofessional is that and
she was scared it cetera and they've got
20 witnesses so yeah he's in a world of
trouble if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
