so Alison Hartson is of course running
yes dianne feinstein in california for
the senate seat
super progressive fought to get money
out of politics as the National Director
of Wolfpack Feinstein on the other hand
not super progressive and so a lot of
the establishment Democrats would run a
soft campaign against Feinstein and
politely and they would say well I do
declare
she's a wonderful politician and served
us for a long time but you know perhaps
she can step aside no no house is like
no I need to serve people and we need to
point out that she's not getting the job
done and she's not progressive so three
ads back-to-back okay watch this and you
see what kind of candidate Allison
Hartson is first on Medicare for all
let's play a video number two will you
co-sponsor senator Bernie Sanders
Medicare for all bill not at this stage
Diane you've been in Congress for a
quarter of a century when are you going
to be ready for Medicare for all why
don't you just be honest with the voters
and say that you're never going to be
ready because that's not what your
donors want after that Town Hall she
went and raised money from health care
companies while our families are
suffering she's collecting checks the
people overwhelmingly want Medicare for
all but big pharma donors profit off of
a sick America there is no excuse for
this in a democracy I'm going to make
sure that this entire country has health
care by fighting for a Medicare for All
system now we cannot afford to keep
waiting for the wealthiest nation in the
world to have a healthy and prosperous
people and I'm not going to take a dime
of corporate money so that you can be
confident that my fight is for you it's
time that California has a senator who
will lead not follow the money
damn what are you waiting for you've
been in office for decades
so that's medicare for all she's not
done yet let's go to income inequality
Dianne Feinstein is worth eighty million
dollars her husband is a billionaire
income inequality isn't the problem for
her it
the solution dianne feinstein voted for
the bush tax cuts and to repeal the
estate tax diane how many tax cuts are
you going to give yourself dianne
feinstein is never going to fix this
problem because she is the problem i'm
going to represent you not the wealthy
elite
I'm Alison Hartson and I approve this
message because I'm going to get money
and Diane Feinstein out of politics
I believe that's another day we get
Diane Weiser and money out of politics
anyway and and I love the how many tax
cuts are you gonna give yourself to aunt
good question but we're not done yet
just today she released a new ad and
this one is about not just about
marijuana legalization but about
criminal justice reform watch Dianne
Feinstein has the same position on
marijuana as Jeff Sessions she's against
research she's against legalization
she's against criminal justice reform
dianne feinstein's position has cost the
freedom of millions of people in
communities of color when i say i'm
fighting for us i'm not just talking
about people who look like me i'm
talking about all of us i will represent
the wishes of california voters unlike
our current senator i'm allison Hartson
and i approve this message because you
already voted on this issue and it's
about time we have a senator who's on
your side
I would argue those are hard-hitting ads
and she's not pulling any punches and
she's saying look people in California
voted it wasn't unclear it won easily
medical marijuana and the recreational
marijuana why is Dianne Feinstein stuck
in 1992 and and won't move on it and has
the same position as Jeff Sessions Jesus
we're supposed to be fighting Trump
she's supposed to be part of the
resistance and she's still stuck in an
age where she thinks oh marijuana it's
really dangerous a gateway drug
are you insane I mean well you've got
the opioid crisis we know what the
gateway drug in in a marijuana and by
the way were your voters you're supposed
to listen to us that's kind of how
democracy is supposed to work well I
mean she's great and and her positions
are great but it's also with someone
like Dianne Feinstein it's just another
example of why there have to be term
limits Senate is not a lifetime job
that's what the reason she has views
from and you said 1992 more like 1962
over there because she's that old
because those were two views she was
taught and right you know like perfect
example marijuana is the evil gateway
drug and and you know Medicare for all
is socialism which is evil and so on I
mean this is these old ideas have to go
but these people get locked into the
Senate they get locked into Congress and
then to psych in and they just don't go
anywhere
dan Feinstein you know it's it's it
these old senators are completely out of
touch with how anyone lives today with
what any one deals with because they're
dealing they're still operating from the
ideas they had 20 30 40 years ago so
someone online said well you know but at
least I and Feinstein knows the ropes
those are ropes of what she's been
sitting there for 50 years and what has
it gotten us did we get Medicare for all
did we get equality and and and the
higher minimum wage did we get any of
the things that we were looking for the
answer is no no no no no
what does she do I mean was she a
champion fighter like oh my god
Diane Feinstein she's gonna get out
there's gonna rip him up Oh
Fox News is scared of Diane finds it no
none of that she voted for more Wars she
voted for more tax cuts and so I think
that if you've had 50 years it's a good
enough shot you did run it's a good run
then and it's not about that yes she's
84 but it's not about the age it's about
that if you haven't done anything in 50
years you ain't gonna do it in the next
50 years and you ain't gotta do it in
the next couple of years so at least let
someone who is more in tune with the
voters of California today step in and
fight fight for us I mean she said one
last thing about that to your point
Alonso Dianne Feinstein in the town hall
said that Medicare for all was a
complete takeover of the health care
system that's a Republican talking point
that's not true at all it's about health
insurance
it's not about doctors and hospitals and
so she's at fifty years in office she
doesn't even know the policy she doesn't
know at all is that amazing isn't it
amazing that she doesn't know anything I
mean the whole point is supposed to be
that oh well she's really you know she
knows the ropes she's been there a long
time she knows what she's doing
turns out she doesn't even know what
Medicare is yeah so no they just sit up
there and ask for tax cuts for
themselves and dole out stuff for their
donors that's their only job even even
if it wasn't an accurate I hate that
framing so much that it's a takeover it
okay what if it was the US military is a
complete takeover of the private
mercenaries industry the guy running
around with a bucket it was splashed on
your burning house if you give them a
block industry if we have a messed-up
industry I don't care if there's a
government takeover of it if it provides
a better outcome for the American people
and also be being a really really old
center it doesn't necessarily have to be
a bad thing even having the same ideas
for a really long time doesn't have to
be the terrible thing Bernie Sanders has
had the exact same ideas for like 45
years thankfully he was about 45 years
ahead of America at that point and so as
long as you as long as you you you
ground yourself in in reality you know
what the the actual condition of the
American working people is and you
hopefully evolve
for time as America does you can be
really old still be in the Senate but if
you do have all of those same views that
you did when you were first elected that
weren't really great for America in the
first place let alone now that's when we
have this process of real elections
because you're not supposed to just be
there for the rest of your life
yet you say American that's absolutely
right but let alone California yeah yeah
and and the reason I say 1992 is because
she's still stuck in that Bill Clinton
triangulation face but we're not in that
time it's decades later that Medicare
for all polls between 60 and 70 percent
marijuana legalization in California I
think is well it's not an even in Asia
anymore it's they're done it's done done
you got to fight for us not for Jeff
Sessions and it upholds I think it's 70
percent and the list goes on and it
didn't back in 1992 and so the what
Dianne Feinstein got famous for and you
guys might not remember this because it
was a long time ago is that she has
always been for the death penalty she
still for the death penalty in
California representing progressive
voters for the death penalty but not
only that in a campaign ad she bragged
about how Democrats booter for being the
death penalty she ran down as an ad in a
general election saying look at that I
will spit in the Democratic voters faces
I'll tell him that I'm for the death
penalty and I'll make them take it and
the Republicans helped her to get into
office why she's still our senator
that's insane enough enough so Allison
Harsin calm /go is how you donate
Allison Hudson calm slash now is how you
volunteer so please go out there and do
that okay
