so Kanye West has been very outspoken
about how he likes certain conservatives
Candace Owens she of Fox News and
Infowars Fame not a particularly
rational person to show some love to but
you know cuz service love to complain Oh
buddy I give you freedom of thought dude
I'm gonna give him everything he's got
and it's not up to me anyway here we
live in a free country you can say
whatever you want you can think whatever
you wants my job is to share it with you
I'm in the news business so don't worry
Kanye I wouldn't tell folks all the
really interesting thoughts that you
have and it will all be free free slot
for everyone so first of all now that
Kanye has come out as basically
conservative Fox News all of a sudden
thinks he's a great guy listen to what
Jesse Watters has to say we are not
necessarily the first ones to celebrate
her as a free thinker that was Kanye
West the same guy who you put down when
he said that george w bush was going
after black people read some of these
tweets the man is a moderate a
philosophy a lot of good thing
modern-day philosopher quotes coming but
first let me give you the context of
Kanye's love for donald trump now back
in the day Fox News didn't like Kanye so
much when he said this George Bush
doesn't care about black people
please call in the past few days that
never gets old and that awkwardness is
still gold okay so back then if I sound
what is this Trevor hip-hop guy no get
out of here now
no he's evolved now that he's on our
side we love oh it's a celebrity and an
african-american celebrity perfect what
happened I thought you guys didn't care
about celebrities you I thought you
thought Hollywood was terrible to know
etc no of a sudden you guys loved him
huh interesting so why do they love him
so much well he's going around telling
everybody how much he loves Donald Trump
so this is radio host a bro and he had a
conversation with Kanye a half-hour
conversation and this morning he relayed
what Kanye West told him watch then he
said
I do love Donald Trump he said that
Kanye West hello I love Donald Trump
because I was gonna ask you people are
saying that he's been saying he loves
Donald Trump yes and he said I love
Donald Trump he was like why I reached
out to Obama for years and I couldn't
get anything done and Trump gave me a
meeting I said Trump played you broke
and that's Kanye West on a nutshell - oh
my god Rove gave me a meeting oh I got
the spotlight I got the spotlight I feel
so good about it
Obama his policies I would require
intelligence to figure out his policies
all I know is he didn't give me a
reading on married Obama just like Trump
narcissistic self-obsessed he doesn't
care about anyone else and doesn't have
a thought in his head by the way his
love for Donald Trump has been going on
for quite some time here he was at a
concert soon after the election
right but I didn't tell you I guess I
told you but if I win
all right he's got more
that there was things that I liked about
Trump's campaign this methods not
that I like that I feel were very risky
and that style and that method of
communication let's hope they can beat
the politically correct way of
communication
yeah I realized why Kanye West gets
under my skin so much and way before he
started talking about Trump I used to
call Kanye an idiot you know why cuz
he's an idiot
and what's different about him and other
idiots is that other idiots are
generally acknowledged even with Trump
his own supporters they know it they'll
pretend the day's really successful but
they know he's a schmuck they can see
the tweets too and they can see him on
TV but with Kanye or for some reason
half the crowd is like no even though
what he say makes no sense at all I
think he might actually be a genius no
he's not he says that Trump talks in a
way that's futuristic in that clip does
that mean futuristic how that makes no
sense at all
it's not because it's a coded message
that's actually symbolic and has secret
genius behind it it's because he not
know what he's talking about hey by the
way had to cancel the rest of his tour
after that because that did not play
well with the crowd by the way I'm not
the only one here who thinks he's an
idiot so does Obama watch perfectly nice
person she's getting her award I
literally did not hear Obama call anyone
a jackass in eight years or anything
close to that I mean you the guy who's
way too civil polite etc he didn't say
that at Mitch McConnell he didn't say
that of his political opponents that he
was running yes the only person he
reserved that for was Kanye West to give
you a sense of who Kanye West's but in
case you're not gonna rest let's do it
let's give you Kanye West quotes so you
know what this guy's about because and
let's settle this debate once and for
all on whether he's a genius maybe you
gonna read these quotes and go hey you
know what that sounds incredible to me
this guy is really really smart he said
I am Warhol I am the number one most
impactful artists of our generation I am
Shakespeare in the flesh okay all right
what do you say look maybe he's kidding
it's tongue-in-cheek more like Muhammad
Ali or he's a you know
wrapper they're supposed to say they're
great bit much but no he doesn't over
and over and over again he says I am
God's vessel but my greatest pain in
life is that I will never be able to see
myself perform live oh okay
you like that guy have at it Hoss by the
way not only is he compared himself to
Jimmy Morrison and Jimi Hendrix etc but
he says that it's an insult to him to
compare him to Walt Disney as Steve Jobs
cuz he's better than those guys he's a
bigger genius than those guys if you say
so
well let's see if this genius learned it
from all the studying in education and
by the way I don't care about formal
education but here's what he said about
reading I would never want a book's
autograph I'm a proud non reader of
books well indeed quite proud and he
once had these lyrics sometimes people
write novels and they just be so word I
think it's worthy actually and so
self-absorbed
novels with all those words in it who's
gonna read all those genius
they said I will go down as the voice of
this generation of this decade I will be
the loudest voice finally we have
agreement you are the loudest voice
that's true
now I'm gonna let you finish this second
dog but let me just point out that being
the loudest voice and I hear you on that
and sometimes I've been the loudest
voice doesn't make you right okay you
actually have to put the other cogent
argument or a cogent sentence or have
any idea at all what you're talking
about
oh I'm being unfair look at this pithy
comment that follows I love sleep it's
my favorite modern-day philosopher you
know I hadn't considered how great sleep
was under Gagne say wow here's one of my
favorites he says here's something
that's contrary to popular belief I
actually don't like thinking I think
people think I like to think a lot and I
don't I do not like to think at all
indeed I didn't say needed so that seems
fairly clear it's almost a dr. Seuss of
stupidity
now how about music cuz I hear sometimes
he's a musical genius so I'm sure that
he's open to a lot of different kinds of
music since that's his main career other
than fashion where he sells you $200
shirts for that is just a white t-shirt
and that's his genius and fashion anyway
he says I don't even listen to rap my
apartment is too nice to listen to rap
in hmm interesting
okay he says every time I say something
that's extremely truthful out loud it
literally breaks the internet I'm not
sure if you know what the word literal
means kiss I'm pretty sure that's not
literal but of course he's full of
himself and doesn't bother look if
you've never read a book how would you
know what literal means anyway he says I
can analyze I love this book I can
analyze people's intentions immediately
that's just a warning to everyone
oh okay Kanye are you analyzing right
now that my intention is to prove you're
a jackass oh you got me you've got it
just like that you're really good he
says another really philosophical point
here we all self-conscious I'm just the
first to admit it
so trumpian no you're not a lot of
people have admitted it okay
Trump was said that he amended the word
fake no you didn't and Connie I Got News
for you other people exist on the planet
and other people are self-conscious and
admitted all the time and and nor did
you invent the question mark okay and
finally he says it's funny because I've
made a living off of words but words get
in the way of what you really want to
say yes if you're Kanye West and you're
an idiot all right finally I have a poll
for you guys those are all those quotes
who is dumber Kanye West or Donald Trump
now that's a devastating poll because
you didn't think anybody could compare
to Donald Trump but here we have Kanye
what
try now do them you now have the
evidence and of course with Trump you
have overwhelming evidence so have at it
Hoss you could've voted at the Young
Turks on Twitter or Facebook calm slash
The Young Turks all these are pinned to
the top easy to find you to vote on
YouTube but wherever you like I am
curious to see how this comes out
you just watch the video by the Young
Turks home of the revolution if you'd
like to get a lot more than that get the
full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
