so this is a fun heartwarming story it's
the local thing just this kid Drake
Johnson gets into Harvard well good for
him he sends out a tweet let's look at
the tweet it's official
I'm Harvard bound he's from California
he's a good student and got into a lot
of schools which I think Cornell God
accepted him Brown Dartmouth lots of
babies decided to go to Harvard I'm not
sure I would have done that but okay all
right god bless no problem so why is
this his story well two days later
somebody responds to that tweet it's a
guy named George Clayton he's actually
worked
on the Board of Education for the state
of Texas
wait this kids in California why is this
guy even tweeting at him and what did he
tweet well that we have
he says congrats were you admitted on
merit or quota come on man former Texas
State Board of Education member what are
you doing what are you doing so here's
George Clayton here's who he is okay
Drake Johnson was valedictorian in his
class he didn't come in third he didn't
come in second he came in first number
one in his entire class but George
Clayton doesn't care about that he saw a
black kid going to Harvard and asked if
it's a quota I'm so sick of this so they
do this when you have to explain what
the kid came in number one in his class
had great SAT scores and it was I had
all these different qualifications and
they need the kid had to tweet it out
because he has to answer the guy
otherwise people are gonna think oh yeah
of course you didn't respond and he
didn't earn and it was just a quota and
then when we point out the kid is number
one they go oh you see your bring race
into it no George Clayton brought race
into it for no reason
from a totally different state two days
later by the way my position is I
believe affirmative action should not be
based on race I believe it should be
based on socioeconomic conditions so if
your poor kid in the middle of a holler
and
West Virginia and you've got to be
number one in your class you got great
SAT scores you overcame a lot of
obstacles to get there if you're a poor
kid in the Bronx and you're black or
you're Latinos and and you did the same
things bless your heart that shows that
you got fighting you
that shows that you're smart and you
work hard and we should let we should
understand that those guys overcame more
than people who can't grow up in
privilege and had it easier and had SAT
classes paid for and all the other
things that helped them to succeed I
think we should do it based on income
and when you do it on race it allows
conservatives to non-stop devalue the
accomplishments of all minorities in the
country look our producer Jared Jackson
this morning when I was we were talking
about this story said it's negotiating
with terrorists so Republicans do these
smear jobs and then you you negotiate
this say well you could don't be racist
we'll make it based on income rather
than race and that's a perfectly
legitimate point at a good point and
that's why I bring it to your attention
know that there are other points of view
on this but to me if you may do it based
on income it is fair it is the right
thing to do and and it also solves this
issue and I'm sick of hearing about
every time there's a successful minority
in the country or due to nerd or data
nerd it it makes me sick all right so
you I'm clear on that by the way George
Clayton and all the other races out
there did you guys ever see a white kid
getting accepted into Harvard Stanford
or anything else and then tweet out oh
yeah was it married or legacy do you
know that a gigantic portion I think in
about 40% of Harvard's admissions or
legacy you know what legacy is my daddy
went there or my mom went there so you
get an enormous leg up if your parents
went to that school why if you had two
generations of the same family going to
school that is the best indication that
they will give money to the school but
when other people are admitted nobody
ever asks is it like you see you did you
earn it mommy and daddy go with it at
school no no oh it's a white person well
they of course they belong they belong
black kid you're number one in your
class who cares it's probably a quota
so tired of it alright finally I'm gonna
be fair to George Clayton although he
didn't doesn't deserve it after getting
a lot of heat in some of his social
media he said he was running for Board
of Education again
then when the press called him he said
no no I'm retired and and finally he did
put out a statement but it is a good
apology so I wanted to share it with you
guys he said what I said in my remarks
was totally wrong and hugely insensitive
my shame hangs heavy in my heart it was
totally out of character for me to make
such a hateful comment I am of course
humbled by my words and sincerely sorry
for them George Clayton credit where
credit is due
that's not a fake apology that's a good
apology so but for God's sake please
stop making assumptions about people
based on their color or their ethnicity
or what minority class they are in and I
know that the right wing loves to
pretend that liberals do that nigga oh
you guys play identity politics well
we're not writing tweets like this it's
the right wing that constantly makes
remarks like that no you're playing
identity politics we're just fighting
back so in this case at least Clayton
saw that what he did was wrong and it
was man enough to admit it and in a real
way you just watch the video by The
Young Turks home of the revolution if
you'd like to get a lot more than that
get the full show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
