back on rebel headquarters I've got
another great guest for you guys now
we're going to Andrews neither and he's
running in congressional district number
five in Virginia I'll tell you why
that's so important in a second but
Andrew welcome to the show
hey Thank You Jake I'm really excited to
be on here thank you brother
so your your districts interesting in a
couple different ways first of all it's
Charlottesville has that been in the
news and the Trump administration at all
yeah there was a little thing that
happened here in Charlottesville
in August of last year I was actually
down there and you know we had Nazis
marching in our streets and frankly it's
it still bothers me to even think about
it or talk about it today yeah and
currently you've got a Republican
incumbent there Tom Garrett yes so I
literally don't know what his reaction
to that was was he at least a decent
human being about it or was he equivocal
like the president he was very much like
the president he had actually met with
Jason Kessler in his office at the
cannon office building and there are
photographs of that and what bothered me
most about that was it would have been
really easy for him to come out and say
something like you know Nazis are bad
and they shouldn't be marching in our
streets and I completely disavow any
relationship or anything with Jason
Kessler but that's not what he did yeah
that is disheartening so now this is a
district that's gone back and forth a
little bit between Democrats and
Republicans and there's a recent change
there too but before I get to that you
were prosecuted where you were also a
civil rights attorney so it's
particularly relevant in that context so
did the police authorities etc act right
in that case having been on a couple of
different sides of that issue what was
your take on that
you know I Timothy a friend of mine a
tremendous attorney here in town did a
lengthy study on the reaction and
and so I'll leave it to them to make
that decision I really my experience was
frankly pretty traumatic in and
surprising the level of guns that were
there the distance between the local
citizenry and the people that were there
to march neo-nazis and you know white
supremacists and I just couldn't believe
both the amount of guns that I saw them
carrying and the slight distance between
the two parties that's what really
surprised me there was a guy who fired
at the counter protesters that that
didn't become a big story but it was
amazing crazy that that was allowed to
happen
I was literally 20 feet away from when I
got fired that shot I heard it I didn't
see it it happened so quickly I didn't
see it myself
but I heard it and I actually have a
video I was taking camera shots have
dozens of shots that I took that day and
I actually think I caught that that pop
of the video so you know telling me you
sitting in that district it feels and
this is strange because it was already
brutal and terrible stuff but it feels
even more personal because you right
where you are they came in and chanted
the Jews will not replace us and one of
the cases not only was well of course
the woman was run over and killed and
that's obviously everybody knows that
yeah of course
but what again an untold story that that
didn't get enough attention was at one
point the neo-nazis were marching in
around a temple in town and and the
there and there were the rabbi was there
and there were other people attending
the temple there and there's Nazis in
Charlottesville marching and saying the
Jews will not replace this and blood and
soil around a Jewish temple it's just
unreal it's unreal yes it's it's you
know we fought these war
we and I honestly where they where they
started in the park and and once it was
declared an unlawful gathering where
they marched out and walked along they
came right beside the synagogue and
people were inside there and felt
trapped I've talked to a number of them
and it is an unbelievable thing to
witness and I want to also say that when
Trump said that there were good people
on both sides
he's absolutely wrong and the the people
that I was there with the clergy in
particular stood up in a way that made
me very proud and and there weren't good
people on both sides yeah
so now let's let's talk about the
history of the district a little bit
because it's not a Republican
representing it now but that's the
district pair yellow represented for a
while right absolutely tom Perriello won
this district in 2008 and then of course
it was he then had a very bold I think
vote on the ACA and I think that
probably when he made that vote knew
that it was going to be very difficult
for him to win this district back but he
made that bold leap because he knew it
was the right thing for the people of
the district yeah and so it was
courageous and and that's why back then
I supported Perry yellow and I think
that he was a he campaigned in a bold
way a progressive way we thought that
campaigning in a progressive way could
lead to victory even in a at the time
that was a fairly conservative district
now times have changed the guy before
Perry yellow was a totally different
monster who hated Muslims we shouldn't
allow mosques in country etc but back
then that was seemed outrageous now the
president has similar feeling they right
they certainly certainly give cover to
people to come out from under their
rocks that's for sure yes so given the
wild swings in this dish
where is it today you know it is still
this district is massively gerrymandered
as you know I've actually spent some
time on one Virginia 2020 ones board
bipartisan board trying to end political
gerrymandering and actually largely
because of Linda Perry yellow so I'm not
delusional but this district is larger
than the state of New Jersey you can
hardly Drive from east to west in the
Commonwealth of Virginia without going
through the 5th district and so because
of that it's it's primarily rural
Charlottesville and Albemarle being an
exception Danville City being an
exception but it is primarily rural ok
and so but it got just it just got
changed to a lean Republican which means
that it's getting more and more blue
closer to the Democrats and in a wavier
lean Republican well that's that's a
world of trouble for the Republicans it
looks like they're gonna lose a lot of
those seats I really hope so is this one
yeah so do you have folks in the primary
in the Democratic primary well we're
having a caucus convention process
rather than a primary we're the only
congressional district in Virginia
that's still doing it that way and we've
got we had up until last week three
other folks and now it's down to two
other folks so yes
okay and so and what's your case for why
you should go into the general election
well I think that the Democratic Party
has done a fairly abysmal job over the
last couple of decades of speaking to
people in rural America talking about
our progressive values and making the
case to people in rural America why it
is that our progressive values are the
values that will transform their
communities and I come from that my
family farms fifth generation farmer
although I'm I had to leave and couldn't
be sustained on that farm anymore my
mother still owns and farms land that I
grew up farming and she owns it and I
think meeting people where they are is
critical
and we we need to send candidates to
places where we can take votes away from
people like Tom Garrett where he doesn't
think he has to defend himself and I
guarantee you I can do that all right I
like that strength okay time for
everybody to get the links here and I
also like your website one term Tom comm
that refers to your opponent and I like
anything that's that aggressive so and
it's easy to remember one term tom calm
and obviously those are the links right
there to donate and two for volunteers
as well but all those links will be down
below if you're watching on YouTube or
Facebook just click on them
Andrew Steele earn a really important
battle in that district thank you for
joining us we appreciate it thank you
Jake I really appreciate it thank you
all right
