so Donald Trump made a huge mistake as
usual one of many when he was Sonny
James Comey this was before he fired
come--and Comey still the FBI director
he told him several times he brought up
the issue of the what he called the
golden showers thing three different
times with James Comey his FBI director
asked him to look into disproving it
because he said his wife was upset about
that news and when he brought it up he
said it couldn't possibly be true and
Comey
it tells in his notes at the time like
why is the president even talking to me
about this I had no inkling or sense
that it could possibly be true but he
keeps insisting no it's really really
not true and he's like okay and and then
he gave unnecessary details because
that's what pathological liars do and
that's what's gotten in trouble so
here's what he said
according to Kobe's notes at the time
again Comey not fired he's just taking
notes he just talked to the president
he's the FBI director there's no reason
he has any animus towards Trump at that
time he's just noting what the
conversation was he says Trump had
spoken to people who had been on the
trip with him and they had reminded him
that he didn't stay overnight in Russia
for that so let me explain their
so-called P tape that's in the steel
dossier that got leaked and and and
Trump is obsessed about and now there's
investigations on whether parts of that
dossier are true and and that Donald
Trump actually is beholden to the
Russian government and oligarchs right
in that is this the golden showers thing
where Trump goes into a hotel in Russia
the same room that the Obama stayed in
according to the dossier and he has two
Russian prostitutes pee on the bed now I
never believed that I told you guys a
long time ago I'm like that is too
outrageous like weird story I don't know
why anybody would make that up but it
just sounds too ridiculous to be true
besides Trump's a germaphobe and he said
that to Comey at the time - he's like I
wouldn't do that
I don't like germs and besides which it
didn't really matter because for claim
that outrageous you actually have to
have evidence and it didn't look like
they had solid enough evidence but the
way that Trump is denying it was so
over-the-top so weird and then he adds
this part where he says oh no I didn't
even stay overnight in Russia on that
2/3 to 2013 trip that's when the Miss
Universe pageant was in Moscow now in
Kobe's notes he says okay all right I
did there's you can corroborate that and
then another time that he's talking to
Comey he says it again hear the ears
that Trump made the same claim a second
time telling Comey in a later oval
office meeting that he hadn't stayed
overnight in Russia during the Miss
Universe trip as Co me wrote ok so two
different times a second I did not stay
overnight so I couldn't been in a hotel
room there was totally needless to say
that and I when we first covered that
story I told you that's it gonna be a
lie that's gonna be really easy to
disprove well now journalists have
disproved it both Politico and
Bloomberg's let me start with Politico
in fact they explained Trump arrived in
Moscow where he attended the Miss
Universe pageant which he owned at the
time on a Friday he left in the early
morning hours of the following Sunday
spending one full night and most of a
second one in the Russian capital oops
so well how do they know that though you
know in order to get the Moscow you got
to get it on a plane and there are
records of those planes so easy flight
records obtained by Politico show Trump
touchdown at Moscow's sorry for the
pronunciation but no covo International
Airport on the afternoon of Friday
November 8th staying over Friday night
and most of Saturday night before
departing from Moscow in the early
morning hours on Sunday Politico
continues to explain the different ways
that we know that Trump was there first
of all flight records open-and-shut case
but well let's go forward also on that
Friday the upscale restaurant Nobu
Moscow posted on Facebook a photo of
Trump and one of his Russian business
partners Eman Aguilar off standing
outside the restaurant now wait a minute
Miss Universe pageants on Saturday
if you never stayed overnight how could
you be there on a Friday in fact this
knucklehead has pictures on Facebook
Instagram and tweet all over Moscow when
he's there on Friday and Saturday why
did you lie like that you know why it's
because the same thing I've been telling
you guys he's really really dumb
he doesn't think one step ahead and he's
been used to lying his whole life and
getting away with it and this story I
gave you yesterday about the force 400
list where he would just make up for
Posterous claims about his wealth when
he barely had anything the only thing he
had was his father's inheritance or
whatever money that his dad had loaned
him and people would not believe the
whole store but they believed have it
but he's like oh my god just make up
that I have a two hundred million
dollars and they gave me credit for a
hundred million what I don't even have
five so he's been used to lying getting
away with in his whole life here's more
proof the next day Saturday November 9th
Facebook posts showed Trump at the Ritz
during the day and in the afternoon he
tweeted that he'd gotten a tour Moscow
you dumbass you tweeted that you were in
Moscow those two days anyway that
evening he attended the Miss Universe
pageant followed by an after-party who's
scheduled start time was 1:00 a.m. by
that time Sunday November 10th you think
we can't look up when the Miss Universe
pageant was there and we can't just go
on your social media and find out that
you were there the day earlier stayed
overnight and then stayed most of Sunday
but the last two are my favorite so
finally Sunday night he lands back in
America and tweets immediately I just
got back from Russia learn lots and lots
Moscow is a very interesting and amazing
place u.s. must be very smart and very
strategic well it was not very smart and
strategic to tweet when you got back
into America when we could just trace it
and find out that you were lying about
whether you stayed overnight and Russia
or not and then you have to ask the
question why why would you lie about
that if you didn't do the goldish hours
thing and then he got his purse
no security guy to also live for him but
that lie also exposed what actually
happens so now back to Politico
according to media reports last fall
Schiller testified to Congress that's
the security guy that during a daytime
business meeting a person he did not
recognize offer to send five women to
trump's hotel room that night Schiller
said he rejected the offer Schiller
reportedly testified that he stood
outside Trump's hotel room for a period
that night before going to bed himself
having seen no women enter the room how
can you stand in front of his hotel room
if he didn't have a hotel room and he
didn't stay there that night oops you
gotta at least coordinate your stories
but these are incompetent well fill in
the blank and there is a lot of those
guys but incompetent guys who go around
and go okay all right now you say the
five women didn't come okay Schiller
they didn't come in fact like a weirdo
you stood in front of my hotel room the
entire night because you don't sleep
ever and you made sure that no women
came in and later I'll lie that I didn't
even stay in that hotel there's Donald
Trump in a nutshell for you guys so now
given that he is clearly lying clearly
covering it up clearly stated Russia
that night that steel dossier said that
he stayed there in that hotel I now
believe there's a pretty good chance
that that tape exists and just like with
stormy Daniels why settle when she's one
of dozens of women who accuse you of
different things and that one was a
consensual affair because stormy Daniels
might have pictures the Russians might
have video and the last thing Donald
Trump wants is for anyone to see him
naked keep it real
that is definitely part of what's
happening with Donnie tiny hands so he's
in a panic over it throwing out one lie
after another Jesus man what a weirdo
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every sin
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get a completely ad free if you could
become a member of the Young Turks TYT
Network comm /join
