now I know that Rand Paul is a
libertarian and he's principled that's
what I hear from libertarians all the
time they care a lot about principles
and one of the principles of
libertarians is to stop interventionism
now lucky for Rand Paul he's gonna get a
chance to do that because not only is
Mike Pompeo a well-known war hawk up for
Secretary of State
not Secretary of Defense Secretary of
State where he would torpedo diplomacy
and make our chance of go to war a lot
stronger so then he could vote against
them not only is that an option for him
but on top of that Rand Paul looks like
he could be the deciding vote it within
the committee well let's find out what
happened first Huff Post explains Paul a
libertarian leaning critic of US
military intervention abroad has spoken
out against Pompeo for weeks oh okay
good so he's being consistent citing
concerns with his support for the Iraq
war embroided Pompeo support the Iraq
war he still supports he still says it's
a good idea
in fact Rand Paul to give him credit
said that he was quote perplexed by
Pompeo nomination he wanted to say that
he's quote the wrong fit for America and
finally he said it goes against most of
the things President Trump campaigned on
know that the unintended consequence of
regime change in Iraq led to instability
in the Middle East
now now Rand Paul ran against Donald
Trump
he lost the donald trump and in the
beginning was fairly defiant hey i don't
agree with him on X Y or C the one thing
they did agree on was actually pulling
out of the Middle East and that the Iraq
war was a disaster now has Donald Trump
follow throughout any of that no of
course not he's not pulling out of the
Middle East he's in fact bombing Syria
even more and all he's ever done is
promote the people who push for the Iraq
war including John Bolton and now Mike
Pompeo
so anyway Rand Paul stood up for his
libertarian principles give him credit
oh wait hold the phone right turns that
knew there are no principles he's a
Republican he's gonna bow his head do as
he's told
shut up and know his role so Senator
Rand Paul announced Monday that he would
support Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of
State a change in position that allowed
the CIA chief to be recommended
favorably out of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee after all what now
Rand what now what happened to all your
tough guy libertarian talk and you're
not into fashion talk no Trump told you
to do something and you went like this
yes sir anything for you sir
they said ran you get to make those
votes on so called principle when it
doesn't matter when we already won the
vote you can vote any way you like
sometimes when we lose the vote you
could vote anyone you like it doesn't
really matter it's all a show and Rand
Paul said oh yeah you're right it's the
show let's trick everybody into thinking
that I have principles that I'm a
libertarian that I'm against war but if
it ever comes to crunch time you will
bow your head Rand Paul and he said yes
sir absolutely sir that's exactly what
he did I love this weaksauce explanation
explaining his change position and
remarks before the committee Paul said
Pompeo had sufficiently quote
incorporated the idea that the Iraq war
was a mistake into his worldview but the
senator added that he wished to CIA
director would say so publicly in other
words no he didn't Bombay oh never said
that the Iraq war was a mistake he never
said it publicly and now Rand Paul to
try to save a little bit of faces I mean
he didn't say it but he incorporated it
into his thoughts maybe really deep down
in his thoughts and his subconscious or
something anyway I got an assurance that
he's thinks the Iraq war was a mistake
he's in favor of bombing Syria right now
what happened oh god you're so pathetic
don't you know look Trump is monstrous
in his own way unquestionably we've
covered it in Ted no and he's an idiot
he's this he's that all those things are
true he lies non-stop but the one thing
you gotta give him credit for man he
makes
he exposes these betas for who they are
they do a lot of chest pounding and oh
yeah no I got this and I got that then
Ted Cruz broken a broken man sitting
there phone calling for Donald Trump
then writing all this praise on Time
magazine about how Donald Trump is one
of the most important men on earth
oh now Rand Paul bowing his head yeah
okay let's do bowl war expose for the
corrupt politician that you are so Trump
then Pat's his little boy in the head
Trump said the senator quote never let
us down and call them quote a good man
good boy good boy ran nice job Rand now
we're gonna have more war and you're
gonna go along with it vote for it vote
for the war oh yeah of course yes sir
absolutely sir absolutely sir what is
Mike Pompeo stands for right now and
what is what at Rand Paul vote for
Pompeo former Republican congressman
from Kansas is well known for his
militaristic foreign policy stances he
has pushed for regime change in Iran and
openly mused about the u.s. overthrowing
North Korean leader Kim Jong hoon war
more war and unstoppable inevitable
endless war are you kidding me regime
change in Iran you know how much larger
Iran is than Iraq you know how much
bigger their military is than Iraq Iraq
was an epic failure Iran would be at
least four times as large it would be a
war from which we can never recover not
that we're gonna lose and Iran's gonna
take San Antonio but that's the whole
point these are not defensive Wars these
are offensive wars it's a department of
offense and now we have a Secretary of
State who's going to be an incredible
hawk and push for more and more war if
we get in the middle of a conflict with
Syria and Iran you know whose fault it
is yes Donald Trump that enormous liar
who said he'd get out of the Middle East
yes all the Republicans in the neo-cons
and the ones that push for endless war
but also Rand Paul
who made these wars happen and it turns
out his whole career was nothing but a
lie you just watch the video by the
Young Turks
home of the Revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
