this is a story about the ridiculous
hypocrisy of the EPA there is a group
called the Concerned Scientists the
Union of Concerned Scientists
and they just wanted information about
the EPA's transparency policy they
couldn't find it so they filed a Freedom
of Information Act request and they
finally got this information about the
EPA's transparency policy obviously
implying that this is the policy to make
it so you could find the EPA and to do a
huge request for it they were put up on
the information was put up on a website
a Freedom of Information Act website and
how long did it stay up for the files
from the EPA were first made accessible
Tuesday April 17th and were removed from
the FOIA portal Friday according to the
UCS so they were up the transparency
policy was up for just like three or
four days before it was absolutely taken
down well they didn't want to be that
transparent transparence for three days
right at the event for this they took no
questions no members of the press or
major publications were invited and they
took a long time to send out the release
itself and did not respond to petitions
or like questions from people after that
in the Trump administration there's some
chance that they struggle with words
certainly he does so they might not know
what transparent means well the
transparency policy of the EPA is
actually designed to make things more
opaque they want to put restrictions on
what kinds of studies you can put out
there that can inform the way that they
make EPA policy so they want to make it
so it's only like completely public
studies and not ones that hide the
information you're pulling your personal
medical information but that's
ridiculous because that removes the
anonymity out of a lot of studies and
effectively renders a lot of studies
they would need to be recreated in a way
that would be incredibly difficult so
the way they scientists do research they
collect information people they get it
looked over under the auspices of a
university there's peer review these
things are there to check methodology
statistics not there to just you know
get in the way
of oil companies write and and ethically
in order to so let's say that there was
a research study that didn't follow the
transparency guidelines because I want
to protect your personal identity if you
were poisoned by a coal plant the only
way to recreate that would be extremely
unethical
you'd have to expose people
intentionally to coal or whatever
pollutant and that's just so against the
scientific ethic of the scientist who
would be behind it
or you know in essence this becomes like
macro doxing daxing all these folks and
so it's a win-win for the republicans
either we're gonna out these folks or
haha you're gonna get no transparency at
all you just watch the video by the
young turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
