I've asked you guys to send in some
artworks graphics or to volunteer in any
way you can to either work on campaigns
work on a wolf pack or just be part of
the show
and so I want you to keep doing that
rebel HQ at TYT Network comm is how you
email us with your ideas submissions etc
and I want to quickly feature three of
those today because I think they're
great
Alex Mitchell sent in this artwork for
Allison Hartson and Alex worked for
Allison and for Wolf Pack at different
times and of course Allison was the
National Director of Wolf Pack and is
now just Democrat and that makes a lot
of sense and that's wonderful
thank you Alex appreciate it and then
one more this is kind of awesome Mike
here Hirabayashi sent this one in also
valence in Hartson she's got the wolf
pack sigil on the shield and obviously
running in the race against I Anne
Feinstein by the way you could begin to
mail in ballots in the beginning of May
in that race so make sure you've got
your ballot TYT Network comm slash
register to figure out how to do that in
your own state in this case the state of
California if you want to volunteer for
Allison's campaign that would be
fantastic makes a huge difference when
people get a call from Alice's
volunteers the chance of them voting for
Allison goes sky high because they love
the message they love that she's
uncorrupted she doesn't take any PAC
money and she's deeply progressive so go
to Allison Hartson dot-com slash now to
volunteer and of course if you want to
donate small dollar donations at just
Democrats comm slash Allison and we'll
have those links down below as well and
now one last piece of art that I loved
this is Nicholas Caesar he's actually
the curator or the artists for scream
for his webcomic mosquito and spider was
a selection for the Cartoon Art Museum
in San Francisco his work is collected
internationally and it's a nice little
cartoon they're saying thanks Jake for
all you do or right back at you Nicholas
really appreciate it and we'll start to
feature all of these on our Facebook
page too
in this context is facebook.com slash
tyt politics so go check out the work
there and participate in every way in
any way that you can thank you guys
