the Guardian had an interview with
Shania Twain and published that
interview on Sunday and Shania Twain
received quite a bit of backlash because
she said that if she could have she
would have voted for Donald Trump she
was quoted as saying I would have voted
for him because even though he was
offensive he seemed honest do you want
straight or polite not that you
shouldn't be able to have both if I were
voting I just don't want BS I would have
voted for a feeling that it was
transparent and politics has a
reputation of not being that right well
following the backlash she hosted a
four-part Twitter apology to her fans
first part says I would like to
apologize to anybody I have offended in
a recent interview with The Guardian
relating to the American president the
question caught me off guard as a
Canadian I regret answering this
unexpected question without giving my
response more context I am passionately
against discrimination of any kind and
hope it's clear from the choices I have
made and the people I stand with that I
do not hold any common moral beliefs
with the current president you know she
just likes that he's a straight talker
even though he's offensive I was trying
to explain in response to a question
about the election that my limited
understanding was that the president
talked to a portion of America like an
accessible person they could relate to
as he was not a politician so on and so
forth there's more okay
she says her answer was awkward we got
it it was awkward
look I I'm kind of amazed by this story
so first off Shania Twain says that she
thought he'd talked like a regular guy
and not a politician I actually don't
think that that's an unfair point
doesn't mean that he was honest as she
implied knew no we've shown over and
over again that he is a serial
pathological liar but he gave off the
appearance of straight talk and in Rand
Paul once told me he he talks like he's
being honest without the actual honesty
that was when he was being Frank about
the president and so what's weird is
that
you're a celebrity and you've made these
a comment vaguely supporting Donald
Trump or you're a legitimate
organization you have to backpedal out
of it because then people come up and
tell you what he has said and what he is
pushed for and you know what he's done
to LGBT rights and that's a huge part of
her client base if you will your albums
I don't know that yeah let's just all do
better who cares
she's a country music star living in
Canada who cares what she thinks
who cares who she supports like really
we're gonna go harass her over okay so
she doesn't know and maybe she does know
maybe she does like Trump I'm just I'm
just tired of being outraged about what
someone else thinks but what I find
curious about this story is not that
outrage I don't particularly care about
this Shania Twain in one way or another
I find it interesting that for example
Mike Huckabee former governor of
Arkansas goes to join the border there
country music organization and then he
has to get kicked out because they find
out that he holds these same positions
as Trump bigoted in a lot of different
ways and discriminatory so we live in a
country where Donald Trump won but his
opinions are so toxic that anyone who in
public professes to hold those same
opinions cannot be accepted in civil
society like they can't belong to
organizations even in country music and
after backpedaling oh I'm not a monster
but a significant portion of the country
raised their hand and said yeah yeah
we're with the monster so that's where
we are today where if you're confronted
with what Donald Trump is actually said
and done it almost no one can actually
back him in public but voters have not
moved
so most of Trump voters have continued
to stay with them an over me
overwhelming majority of Republicans
still back Donald Trump they go yes
that's our guy the guy who keeps on
saying all those terrible things about
all those people including women by the
way this is 51% of a population and so
there's consequences for the people who
back them publicly there are no cost
winces for the voters and there are no
consequences for the man himself he can
get away with anything so it's a crazy
weird situation we find ourselves in and
here it is you just watch the video by
The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
