I just want to tell you real quick about
two events that are coming up because
I'm going to travel a little bit in the
middle of this week and next so I will
be speaking at Yale on April 26 at 7:30
p.m. Eastern
so Lindsay Chittenden Hall I'm sure I'm
saying that wrong but if you want to
come check it out it is open to the
public so Yale at 7:30 p.m. on this
Thursday then on Sunday April 29th we're
having meet up with several of the hosts
including me know Miki and possibly
others if you want to get in before the
crowd at 30 bucks not that much in a
general admission ticket that's a 10:00
a.m. general admissions at 11:00 a.m.
just 15 bucks buy tickets at TYT or get
more information tea y-t-dot-com / DC
Meetup and these two tend to sell out so
if you get there now you can get some
tickets
