a Broward County Florida Circuit Court
judge has resigned following the release
of a video where she treats a disabled
woman very badly what we're about to
show you is difficult to watch but it
features a woman by the name of Sandra
fate twigs she was facing a misdemeanor
charge in relation to a fight that she
had with her own 19 year-old daughter
she is not only disabled she suffers
from asthma and also something known as
COPD it's known as chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease which means that she
has difficulty breathing now given all
that information in context take a look
at how judge Marilee Ehrlich treats her
does your daughter live with you ma'am
excuse me don't say anything beyond what
I am asking you trust me I am looking
ma'am ma'am ma'am she lives with him is
that a different location
do excuse me Chicago Council can you can
you see is there any way you can on the
phone talk to these people ice I spoke
to miss twigs
I believe proceedings are ongoing can
you speak to them or no did the phone's
off to the side II can t vote but I'm
just trying
Joe first of all attorneys don't
interrupt the court and listen to what
the court says because it may answer
your questions ma'am do you need water
just nod your head ma'am I'm not here to
talk to you about your breathing
treatment that judge is absolute trash
and I'm glad that she resigned
unfortunately the defendant died three
days after that incident and her family
members said that by the time she was
released and able to come home she said
that she was denied the medication that
she needed while she was in jail by the
way she's in jail for a misdemeanor
charge in relation to getting into a
fight with her
like it wasn't a brawl like they didn't
beat each other up her daughter had a
scratch and we're talking about a woman
who's wheelchair-bound and has a serious
condition and is having difficulty
breathing and you have this judged
yelling at her incessantly by the way
how about if you don't want to hear her
answer then stop asking her questions I
think nothing drives me crazy err then
someone in a position of power asking a
question and then the second the person
starts to answer they interrupt them and
start yelling at them then don't ask any
freaking questions as always the
promis'd projection here
she keeps interrupting everyone in the
middle of an answer and then she says
you should not enter off the court its
maniacal and you think these guys are
getting you know equal justice is the
first time that that woman had ever been
in trouble with the law but we have
another problem which is that you go in
and if you're rich or you're middle
class you get bail and you leave
immediately if you're not you sit in
jail for a couple of days even if it's a
misdemeanor charge and it's the first
time you've ever been in any kind of
trouble and you didn't get to explain
your case that that judge has 18
different issues it's anger etc but one
other thing that's relevant here is that
a lot of the judges started auditioning
for the Judge Judy type roles I don't
even think that's what it is jank
honestly look that might seem like an
isolated incident but from my personal
experience that is not isolated the way
a lot of judges address people who are
in court is just uncalled for incredibly
disrespectful incredibly unprofessional
look I've been to court several times
for traffic stuff traffic citations but
when you're there you're in a room full
of people who need to talk to the judge
and listening to the judge address
people is amazing like I can't believe
they get away with the way that they
talk to people it's almost as if their
power and the people that are coming in
front of them are powerless it's weird
how they're abusing that power but I
really do think I don't know if it's
still ongoing you might be right that
this is not related to that but I know
that for a long time the judge duties of
the world made so much money that like
so many judges were basically mugging
for the cameras and interrupting and
being hard
should cetera so they can get a TV
contract and make a lot of money either
way it was outrageous conduct by the
judge and but at least she resigned if
you become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
younger so every day
