so let me report on a trend here a trend
that was started by a couple of brave
souls in the Senate in the house Bernie
Sanders Elizabeth Warren in the Senate
Rokon abettor O'Rourke in in Congress
and then in the house but also very very
importantly the Justice Democrats that
is a group that yes I helped to found
and that's why I know the details of it
when we founded the group which was
after Trump's election we said there is
only one litmus test and in fact we got
yelled at endlessly by the establishment
Democrats about our so-called litmus
test and that was you are not allowed to
take corporate PAC money and at the time
sometimes we're literally laughed out of
the room congressman not to take
corporate back buddy that's impossible
they're not gonna disarm the Republicans
are doing it the Democrats are gonna do
it that'll never work you'll never get
anybody to sign on well we just
Democrats one time getting fifty two
people to sign on and now that list
grows and grows two more candidates have
signed on since then and now there's
three incumbents jeyapaul row Cana Raul
Grijalva so it turns out people did sign
on soon it's gonna become so commonplace
that people are gonna say although that
was inevitable it was impossible just a
year ago look at how quickly they turn
to inevitable which leads us to common
law Harris today excellent news senator
Carla Harris said Monday she will no
longer accept donations from corporate
political action committees a shift in
our public position from just a few
weeks ago in fact I'm going to show you
that shift in a second Gillibrand Booker
and Harris just a couple weeks ago
Harris is like oh no no that's crazy
in fact let's go to that video of her in
a town hall just earlier this month if
corporation or a corporate lobbyist
wants to give you money for a campaign
will you tell them thanks but no thanks
well I get depends it depends I mean a
long answer well that's not the answer
you want to hear it doesn't make it
wrong
that's very glib as you can tell the
room was split I think what , Harris
found out in these last couple of weeks
is that when you look at the polling it
is the wrong answer
I believe that's what politicians do
from time to time but let's let her
finish here's the rest of that answer
but thank you for asking and I
appreciate the reason that you're asking
I do appreciate that um because it and
that's why we have rules that require
that any donation that anyone receives
needs to be disclosed so that you can do
an assessment and the voters can do an
assessment and look at where the
contributions come from and make your
decisions about whether those
contributions have influenced the way
that people act in the way that people
vote and so I'm gonna open book there
feel free to look at it and and then
draw your own conclusions about but what
it what has motivated me and what hasn't
so here's what I'm tired of
establishment Democrats telling me oh no
no no just because I take money from
corporate interests doesn't mean that
I'm beholden to them if they love to
give away millions of dollars and and
get nothing in return they love to do it
a second time in a third time because
corporations are not interested on
return on investment they're not
interested in maximizing profits no no
no we're all open books yeah I remember
when Hillary Clinton would say over and
over again art and and she by the way
most of times she didn't have to say it
the CNN anchors who are all Pro Hillary
Clinton would say it for her in the
debates they'd say are you charging
senator Sanders the hill Clinton might
have been affected by the money that
Bernie Sanders was way too polite the
correct answer is of course of course
they're affected by the money why do you
think corporations whose sole mission is
to maximize profit are giving them the
money they're not doing it for their
health or for charity they're doing cuz
they know the politicians on average
give them back a lot more money
that's called corruption but luckily
senator Harris has also figured that out
which leads to her announcement today on
a radio show let's watch I did a town
hall a couple weeks ago in California
and I was asked that question and um I
wasn't expecting the question and I
and I thought about it afterwards and
I'm gonna tell you Charlotte man I
actually um I think that money has had
such an outside influence on politics
and especially with the Supreme Court it
determining Citizens United which
basically means that big corporations
can spend unlimited amounts of money
influencing a campaign right we're all
supposed to have an equal vote but money
has now really tipped the balance
between an individual having equal power
in an election to a corporation so I've
actually made a decision since I had
that conversation that I'm not gonna
accept corporate PAC checks Wow um I
just I'm not gonna raise money for
campaigns though well you know I've I've
raised so far this year three million
dollars for my colleagues for the 2018
election cycle and most of that money
has been like an $18 $20 increments
people who turning out apparently took
senator Harris several years to figure
out that citizens united was a problem
and that that might have a corrupting
influence okay now look I think I'm
Equal Opportunity here when I express
significant skepticism about what
politicians have recently discovered or
their how their positions have evolved
and it is my job to point out that yes
in fact they do look at polling and and
that might affect their decisions now
having said that when someone comes over
the right side let's congratulate them
and and and note that it is a great
great day in America so senator Carla
Harris thank you that a wonderful
decision and a correct decision and so
now the momentum builds and for those of
you out there who say it's not enough I
hear your brothers and sisters we keep
on fighting until we get an amendment to
take all money out of politics because
it's not just the corporate PACs but
this is a great start so celebrate this
today and you see now almost all the
presidential contenders here let me read
your list by the way let's go to graphic
26 senator Cory Booker senator Kirsten
Gillibrand Elizabeth Warren Bernie
Sanders Maria can't Cantwell Carla
Harris all now not taking corporate PAC
money that's pretty much
chillest with the exception probably you
can't well of the people running for
president they're not doing that for
their health well some of them have done
it for a long time but the others are
doing it because they realize they
cannot win B if it is seen that they are
taking the corrupting influence of
corporate PAC money so for all of you
fighting it on that issue whether you're
Wolf Pack or any other group or your
Justice Democrats keep gold brothers and
sisters I'll put the links down below
for how to get into those groups or how
to work with those goofs how to
volunteer for those groups if you're
watching on YouTube it'll be in the
description boxes the links always serve
if you're watching on Facebook in the
comments section we keep on fighting
today an important victory and we march
on if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free
by becoming a member TYT Network comm
slash join
