Washington Post with a story out
recently from Jonathan Greenberg who
would have your Donald Trump a long time
ago in the 1980s to put him on the force
400 list now out of that story comes
many revelations some of which we
already knew and I told you about but
people wouldn't believe it it was
already in the record Donald Trump was
never that rich he's not that rich now
it's not even close he was never a
billionaire he's not a billionaire now
it's not even close and his whole life
in his whole career he's been a conman
now you're gonna see you and you're
gonna hear tapes of him actually
pretending to be someone else because
he's a buffoon so let me begin this
story and tell you Greenberg's
recounting of what happened in the past
and then we'll dive into the actual
numbers they explained it took decades
to unwind the elaborate forest
Trump had enacted to projected image as
one of the richest people in America
nearly every assertion supporting that
claim was untrue Trump wasn't just poor
than he said he was over time I have
learned that he should not have been on
the first 3/4 400 list at all in our
first ever list in 1982 we included him
at a hundred million dollars but Trump
was actually worth roughly five million
dollars by the way you'll find out later
on all of his money he had inherited
from his dad built almost nothing on top
of it just a privileged little prick is
all he is okay so back there hold your
two hundred four hundred million dollars
we actually have facts it turns out he
was worth five million at most at most
okay that's a lot of money and if you
earn five million from nothing I'd say
you're amazing you did a wonderful job
etc he's that just gave him the money
it's inheritance he's such a loser at
that point he hasn't even inherited his
that's just giving him trust fund money
to spoil a little child okay he's
talking to Jonathan greenberg at the
time about the condos that his dad owes
but he's pretend pretending to own
you're gonna hear that in tapes in a
second they're like what Fred Trump
seems to have about eight thousand at
most ten thousands
apartment buildings in Brooklyn Queens
etcetera and Trump says oh no no 23 24
25 thousand buildings if they're worth
$40,000 right and the guy goes there's
no way they're worth $40,000 at the time
this is in the 1980s so Greenberg picks
it up from there he added that these
were almost debt-free and worth $40,000
each I questioned his valuation Trump
shrugged and said okay then $20,000 each
in other words I'm making it up whatever
do you know about 40 cents out of 20,000
how about twenty thousand turns and it
said not twenty-five thousand apartments
only eight thousand apartments and it
wasn't worth forty thousand or twenty
thousand they were worth about nine
thousand or so according the best
estimates at the time which made is that
a very very rich man he could have left
it at that but now there's no more go to
Jimmy it's me the dojo-cho did it Fred
Trump later said look my son's a very
competitive guy and I didn't want to
compete with him so I'm happy to give
him credit in other words of course it
wasn't Donald Trump it was Fred Trump
who built that and then gave this
schmuck the money in a 1990 court case
Trump testified that he had used false
names in phone calls to reporters so
that's a fact that Donald Trump himself
has admitted well one of the false names
was John baron and that's the name he
used to call Jonathan greenberg and now
he wanted to go off the record now
people have used these tapes and that's
why I knew this story beforehand now we
get more details they have used these
tapes because Donald Trump it turns out
was lying the whole time you know what
John Baron you are off the record but it
turns out it wasn't John Baron it was
Donald Trump
that's not how off-the-record works so
you're gonna get to hear the tapes right
now so this is Donald Trump at the time
calling pretending to be a totally
different person bragging about how
great Donald Trump is oh that's so
embarrassing what a clown listen
you know because you have down said
trumping and I'd like to talk to you at
the record if I can just to make your
thing easier all right but but I think
you can really use Donald Trump now and
you can just consolidate I think last
year somebody showed me the article on
it to get two hundred and two hundred
and well it's been pretty well
consolidated now for the most part is as
I also thinks I would have mentioned
that you had asked about that or
somebody had okay have been working on
it and I guess that sort of come out now
pretty much come out people understand
is the president and and said Trump is
active you said he's an excellent guy
and and you know how close the
relationship but none of the two is as
you know very close as you've heard or
know or perhaps you don't know but the
Trump is active in the business yeah
the constant senseless repetition and
well in the and the obvious lies like
it's it's almost the ultimate ultimate
what he means like that Donald Trump
almost has a hundred percent which of
course is not true Fred Trump had it all
at the time and he said it's like the
ultimate but you could call it ninety
percent you could call it ninety percent
no we're lying so what difference does
it make forty thousand twenty thousand
whatever you want to agree to okay just
inflate the numbers just make it seem
like I'm really rich now but if you're
wondering why I mean other than a that
is the fact that he's a pathological
liar he's a conman etc he would then use
the Forbes list to get more loans now he
couldn't prove that he had the money
when you go up for a loan but and you're
gonna be amazed by this but yes people
at those levels sometimes are this
stupid he goes for the Forbes 400 list
says I have two hundred million dollars
so I must have two hundred million
dollars that's a little bit later than
the first one he had they claimed as
Greenberg explains that he had a hundred
million dollars and so it was a huge
business advantage for him and and look
Greenberg is now apologetic that he
didn't catch it earlier etc but a lot of
the media man they don't pay attention
when a rich or powerful guy calls in and
says I have this they go okay yes sir
and so they gave me a huge advantage he
never earned but the the main point is
shamelessness just like I don't care I
can't even get what an assistant to call
in pretending to be John Baron I'm just
gonna do it I'm gonna change my voice
what two percent or maybe zero percent
and then pretend I'm that guy I'm just
gonna lie non-stop about everything my
father under the bus say he doesn't even
run the business anymore I do so now
let's get into more details about how
pathetic this is
he said it would be decades Greenberg
did it would be decades before I learned
that Forbes had been conned
in the early 1980s Trump had zero equity
in his father's company according to
Fred's will portions of which appeared
in lawsuit the father retained legal
ownership of his residential empire
until his death in 1999 at which point
he left it to be divided between his
four surviving children and some of his
grandchildren so when Trump was
pretending to be that rich all the way
up to 99 it wasn't true cuz he had had
not yet inherited daddy's money
sad continuing that explains why after
Trump's companies went bankrupt in the
early 1990s he borrowed thirty million
dollars from his siblings secured by an
estimated 35 million dollars share of
his future inheritance he doesn't even
have that money and he's like what I'm
gonna get daddy's money it's so poor did
I probably give it to you okay according
to three sources from Tim O'Brien's 2005
biography Trump nation he could have
used his own assets as collateral if
he'd had any worth that amount but he
didn't all the way in the 1990s
pretending to be rich has to borrow from
his siblings because he doesn't have any
money well Donald how are you ever gonna
get money I mean I hear you're a
real-estate genius oh not from that when
daddy leaves it to me sad pathetic baby
more that most revelatory document
describing Trump's true net worth in the
early 80s was a 1981 report from the New
Jersey Casino Control Commission O'Brien
obtained a copy for his book Trump had
applied for an Atlantic City casino
license and regulators were able to
review his tax returns and personal and
corporate debt giving them the most
accurate picture of his finances
in sum Trump was worth less than five
million dollars not the 100 million
dollars that I reported in the first
Forbes 400 Greenberg says so
by the way them the five million is
giving him every benefit of the doubt
it's not even clear he has that much and
again it's all from his dad so
continuing during our first interview
Greenberg explains the 1982 Trump
informed me that he had bought the
Barbizon Plaza Hotel an adjoining 110th
Central Park West for just their
ten million dollars a steal while I was
in Trump's office a broker supposedly
called to offer him a hundred million
dollars for the property Greenberg later
realized of course that was a ruse and
in his some associate who had called him
pretending had to offer 100 million I
wasn't so transparent so stupid but
people buy this crap anyway Trump
refused the offer while looking me in
the eye he pointed out that his net
worth should include an equity boost of
87 million dollar profit yet tucked away
on page 63 of the casino commission
report was a section describing Trump's
purchase of the property for 65 million
dollars facilitated by a 50 million
dollar loan to trump by Chase Manhattan
Bank as with many of his buildings
Trump's debt was far higher and his true
equity far lower than he claimed
whenever he has to go to court and he
has to be honest otherwise he might
serve a prison sentence all the sudden
he goes yeah yeah of course I invented
characters and I called reporters and
pretended to be myself but I pretended
to be someone other than myself he has
to go apply for a commission at four
casino in Atlantic City he's like here's
my what I actually paid for it because
he can't lie about otherwise you're in a
lot of trouble and again could go to
jail
so he's like yeah 13 million I was lying
I bought it for 65 million no debt are
you kidding yeah I do think 50 million
dollars in debt by the way when I
reported on a lot of this during the
campaign almost all the money that he
borrowed was with his dad's co-signature
in the beginning otherwise nobody would
loan this manchild any money without
Fred Trump backing it up with actual
cash and an actual stake in that they
could take money from later if things
were south as they often did okay more
later attempts by Trump to paint himself
as a fantastically wealthy were also
duplicitous in 1989 Trent Trump said
Forbes journalist Harry Seneca a
statement of his 3.7 billion dollar net
worth I have obtained a letter it
indicated 900 million dollars in liquid
assets now first if you're confused let
me explain that says Trump writing on a
piece of paper
I have 3.7 billion dollars 900
is in cash that means nothing you means
less than nothing it's almost certainly
a lie and in this case proven to be a
line again so but according to new
jersey casino commission which you shoot
another report in 1991 by the end of
1990 trumps entire cash position in both
his businesses and personal accounts was
just 19 million remember he pretended it
was 900 million the amount was
insufficient to pay the debt on his
over-leveraged casino and real estate
holdings while still covering his
personal expenses of 1 million dollars
per month his net worth the commission
estimated was 205 million dollars less
than 6% of what he'd told Forbes again
the Commission there gives him every
benefit of the doubt and then you've got
the debts on top and still it's 6
percent of what he pretended it was at
most at most and all that left from his
dad and and co-financed even the
properties with his dad okay the largest
portion of mr. Trump's fortune according
to three people who had direct knowledge
of his holdings apparently comes from
his lucrative inheritance these people
estimate this is a New Jersey appellant
judge it's not even greenberg this is a
judge in a hearing in in the year 2011
now we're not in the 80s we're not in
the 90s 2011 comes from his lucrative
inheritance these people estimated that
mr. Trump's wealth pursuing that it is
not encumbered by heavy debt may amount
to about 200 million to 300 million
that's in 2011 assuming it's not
encumbered by debt that's a ridiculous
assumption of course it's encumbered by
debt and that's how first of all you
know nobody walks up to a giant piece of
real estate in the middle of New York
knows ohyou're it's five hundred million
dollars I've got five hundred million
cash I'll give it to you know all that
is leveraged and all of it is with debt
and that's normal
Trump has usually more than normal debt
so of course that money is encumbered he
doesn't even have anywhere near that
much even though most of it again is
from his dad finally in 2016 Trump's
presidential campaign put out a
statement saying the candidate had a net
worth in excess of turn bill
your dollars and they capitalized it so
a judge in 2011 says at most two to
three hundred dollars million dollars if
you assume the wild and outrageous
assumption that there's no debt on it
Trump turns around five years later due
to snow two or three hundred million
it's 10 billion that's what it is that's
why he does scams like Trump University
trying to take ten thousand dollars from
poor Schmucks who were given their last
dollar to try to learn from this idiot
so no actual billionaire there's a scam
my Trump University where people pose
with pictures of a cutout of Donald
Trump and there's no actual courses and
it's not an actual university it's just
meant to rob people of their money he's
desperate for money because he's always
on the edge of bankruptcy he went
bankrupt six times in his career six
different businesses he bankrupted
because he's an idiot manchild the only
reason why he's gotten this far
unfortunately is the media the media
never bothered to check how much money
he actually had then they gave him two
billion dollars in free media coverage
during the Republican primaries handed
all this stuff my people got all well he
says it it must be trot me such a big
lie so big all right we'll cut it down
by half and give him credit for that no
don't give him credit for anything
total pathological liar and conman you
just watch the video by The Young Turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
