good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
because it happened over the weekend in
a late-night Twitter blast president
Trump's latest attack aimed at
undermining the Muller investigation got
scattered tension mr. Trump suggested
the Special Counsel Robert Muller's
probe into Russian interference in u.s.
elections is illegal and suggested that
thus it should be ended claiming the
investigation into possible illegalities
is itself illegal was quickly dismissed
as both ridiculous and astonishing for a
president by a wide range of legal
experts of various political persuasions
but it reinforces the central question
of the Trump presidency so far which is
if mr. Trump has nothing to hide why is
he so afraid of the investigation of
what is he so afraid in the tumult and
turmoil that envelops so much of this
strange and dangerous time that question
tends to get obscured we allow it to do
so at the nation's peril no person is
above the law no president is stronger
in the country as a whole
meanwhile the investigation is swirling
around president Trump have given us
valuable new information about one of
his loudest defenders thanks to a new
report by the Guardian newspaper about
the man who shares the lawyer with mr.
Trump Sean Hannity no I don't know mr.
Hennelly personally have nothing
personally against him and in general I
wish him no harm but the fact that Sean
Hannity or anyone owns 877 homes should
concern us
that our government helped him should
embarrass us that Sean Hannity uses his
platform to proclaim love of country and
support for the troops while veterans
and other Americans sleep on the streets
outside his 877 homes should Shamus but
the tape we found today should shame him
and offend the just when you watch the
state it's important to remember that
Hannity and FoxNews blamed the mortgage
crisis not on Wall Street but on regular
Americans specifically on
disenfranchised people who wanted to own
homes
the idea of Hana and he said was that
government programs the Community
Reinvestment Act the CRA pushed banks to
make risky loans to people unlikely to
pay them off the reality was that
government deregulated the financial
industry and that even the riskiest of
loans could be chopped up mixed in with
stronger loans and then sold as
derivatives to unsuspecting buyers in
other words every loan risky or not was
suddenly gold to Wall Street so Wall
Street pushed loans on everyone black or
white rich or poor and when the first
one started to fail no one knew where
the rest of the risky loans were and it
all came crashing down now since then
mr. Hannity has told his viewers it was
the government's fault for trying to
help people realize the dream of a home
through the CRA and they never disclosed
the help he got from the Department of
Housing and Urban Development even when
interviewing HUD secretary ben Carson
and in he never mentioned the dozens of
homes he bought for steel after they
were foreclosed on even as he was
blaming government for foreclosures and
when you watch this clip from 2010 keep
in mind that the banks were telling
everyone they could afford a home
because real estate values were rising
and keep in mind that Hannity never
mentioned the government assistance that
helped him get 877 homes as he explained
over the years why government was wrong
to give Americans the idea that they had
a right to one home you're wrong in in
stating where the problem came from the
problem came from this notion that
everybody in America had a right to a
house whether they could ever afford to
pay their loan back that's what the
community received or already but mr.
Henty fought to prevent the release of
his name as a client of Trump lawyer
Michael Cohen mr. Hannen he claims cohen
was his real estate consultant and
argued that the release of his name
might be quote embarrassing on that
point Sean Hannity and I can agree
president Trump's choice to be America's
top diplomat the Secretary of State took
a step closer tonight but we have new
details on his conduct at the CIA and in
Congress that raised serious questions
about his nomination the nominee CIA
director Mike Pompeo already had a
history of anti Islamic remarks but was
confirmed to CIA by a bipartisan
majority in this Senate last year but
now a new report out tonight from
reporter Ken clippin Stein of The Young
Turks reviews at least two factors that
could complicate pompiers ability to
practice diplomacy effectively in the
Middle East for one thing there's
pompiers belief in what's called the
rapture which he has confirmed in public
remarks he would work every day to make
sure that the Lord's work govern our
actions each and every day it was a
remarkable moment we are blessed to live
in Kansas where there are so many people
that understand that we will continue to
fight these battles it is a never-ending
struggle until that moment pastor folks
Fox spoke about until until the rapture
be part of it be in the fight
that in itself of course is not
disqualifying but a widespread tenet of
this so-called rapture theology holds
that report Jesus can return the world's
Jews must return to Israel's capital in
Jerusalem Pompeius beliefs on the matter
are unknown and the CIA did not respond
to a request for comment but a group
that advocates for religious freedom in
the military and intelligence
communities told reporter clippin Stein
that CIA staffers have complained about
Pompeo specifically Michael Weinstein
founder of the military Religious
Freedom Foundation says that CIA
staffers report that Pompeo has been
discovering the rapture discussing it
inside the CIA it's difficult to imagine
Pompeyo effectively navigating the
diplomatic perils of locating the US
Embassy to Jerusalem while behind closed
doors he preaches that this is necessary
for Jesus to return and it's difficult
to imagine any Americans sleeping well
knowing that America's top foreign
policy official is comfortable taking to
work his personal religious belief that
the world must come to an end in a
certain way now I want to tell you the
true story of how Donald Trump first
made the Forbes 400 list and I'll do so
right after this
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumbled we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
where the time where it's cannot in good
conscience sit on the sidelines of
history as we process president Trump's
denials of guilt his claims of fake news
you should know that we have new
information shedding light not just on
his willingness to lie but on how much
of his life he built on a bedrock of
lies mr. Trump's success as a celebrity
TV star and finally as politician all
stand for one thing his success in
business the perception of success gave
him access to cash to expand his readers
debt Empire and when he was bankrupt to
keep it afloat a big factor in his
illusion of success early on was the
assessment of his wealth by Forbes
magazine home of the Forbes 400 ranking
of the world's wealthy most super-rich
people who try to influence the ranking
trying to get off the list entirely not
Donald Trump he lobbied hard to get on
that list in the 1980s how hard we are
still learning one reporter who worked
at Forbes back then was Jonathan
Greenberg and now greenberg says
information has come to light casting
doubt on the Forbes estimate he brought
in the Washington folks that he now
thinks Trump was worth far less than
what would have qualified him for the
Forbes list and for the public attention
that he came with it
this new information includes audio
tapes Greenberg still has tapes of his
phone calls with Trump and with a man
who gave his name as quote John Barron
who it now appears was Trump all along
here's the audio tape of Trump in July
of 1982 trying to convince Greenberg
that others on the list were too high
and he was too low
pay attention to what Trump's voice
sounded like at the time because then
we'll play the call from
John Baron you know I can only judge by
the New York Realtors that you mentioned
I don't think that you have your facts
100% correct and I think that's probably
somewhat you know somewhat important so
if you have a chance if you so you know
if you saw de mogi demon necessary or
important enough I'll be available six
weeks earlier the man calling himself
John Baron told Greenberg that Donald's
properties now included those of his
father Fred he's the chairman Donald's
the president and and said companies
active he said he's an excellent guy and
and you know how they're very close to
the relationship but no the two is as
you know very close as you've heard or
know or perhaps you don't know but is
active in the business jail it worked
according to Greenberg Trump was
claiming he was a billionaire Forbes
listed him at a hundred million today
Greenberg estimates Trump really had at
the time five million but the live
worked and over the decades lies more
brazen proved more effective so when we
all evaluate president Trump's
truthfulness today we cannot do so but
the standards that guide most of us when
President Trump speaks we hear the voice
of a man whose lies about what he had
gave him everything he has while you may
have heard the President Trump is
creating jobs and making America great
again you may not have heard about Sears
the flagship of American retail stores
this is a story that has special
resonance for your reporter with echoes
from my youth when Sears was the ranking
retail and mail-order company in the
country and one of the most successful
in the world
my late mother worked there for several
years first part time later full-time
supplementing what was at the time our
family's meager income
I worked there briefly myself as a
schoolboy rapping and expediting
presents over the Christmas holidays
if you never bought anything at Sears I
guarantee you your parents or
grandparents furnished their homes by
shopping there by pouring through the
Sears catalog well last week they
confirmed they're closing the last Sears
store in Chicago their headquarters and
the city that used to look up to the
Sears Tower as the tallest structure in
the USA the liquidation sale is April
27th the liquidation of Sears itself has
been going on for years as with Toys R
Us it's easy to blame Amazon but Sears
rivals like Home Depot have been
thriving and just as with Toys R Us
hedge funds and Trump's inner circle
have played a big part hedge fund
billionaire Eddie Lampert took over
Sears more than a decade ago combining
it with the other company he was running
Kmart both companies were struggling
against their competition so Lampert
combined them and then he split them
into 40 subdivisions and made them
compete against each other one year
after he took over they began losing
money again
so he loaned Sears money from his hedge
fund and he sold all pieces of Sears
pieces like Lands End and Craftsman
schools
he spun off the locations have more than
200 stores as a real estate company a
company he also controlled the money
from all these deals might have helped
Sears fight except so much of it went to
pay off its debt like the loans Lambert
made Plus now Sears had to pay rent for
the stores he had owned properties that
Lampert now owned although Lampert gets
paid Sears has left a big hole in his
pension fund and if the company goes
bankrupt those employees along with
shareholders will be stuck holding the
bag while whatever money Sears have left
will go to his creditors
like Lampert one member of the Sears
board of directors during all this was
Lambert's college roommate who is now
Trump's Secretary of Treasury Stephen
minuchin minuchin stepped down from the
Sears board before joining the Trump
administration at his hearing he was
grilled about the way the series
business model had shifted to benefit
Lampert and his hedge fund and as the
chairman and CEO of Sears Holding is a
gentleman named Edward Eddie Lampert who
I understand as your former college room
actually the benefit of he's here with
us today
now Sears has been performing poorly and
as a result forced to sell assets to
cover operating costs and to contribute
to its pension fund interestingly
several of the most valuable assets that
have been sold in part to mr. Lambert's
hedge fund including Lands End Sears
Canada and most of Sears real estate the
real estate was sold off to a different
entity whose largest shareholder is mr.
Lambert's hedge fund as treasurer
secretary mr. minuchin now sits on the
board of the government agency that must
approve if Sears goes bankrupt whether
Sears pays off his employee pensions
before or after it pays off its
creditors like secretary Newton's former
roommate in that testimony you just saw
mr. minuchin said he would recuse
himself if that happens that would leave
just two other people on the board to
make that decision president Trump's
commerce secretary and his labor
secretary next up I want to tell you
about the first senator to bring her
baby to the Senate floor and why it
matters tell you about it in just a
moment
I know what you're thinking I love how
do you like you like lip you do
something with your lips when you play
the sound clothes and I'm like is he is
he like lip-synching it I don't know I
never noticed it until you said it's a
funny habit
it's not human intelligence tyq member I
take a door-to-door
look we're doing interviews over there
at youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not backed up during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
where the time where it's cannot in good
conscience sit on the sidelines of
history in 2017 if you've heard that
small banks are in need of relief from
Washington you should know that help is
on the way for big banks and for Wall
Street a bill to undo some of the
dodd-frank rules for smaller banks
passed the Senate last month
it's now waiting for the house to act
that bill is known as the creep or
pillow after banking chairman Mike Crapo
senator Crapo republican of idaho said
the bill will help small banks by ending
some dodd-frank regulation on banks that
have as much as two hundred and fifty
billion dollars in assets that's what
many of his 16 Democrats who voted for
the bill have said as well but the bill
also helps banks bigger than that and
some of the banks below that threshold
will now be able to engage in some of
the risky practices that brought down
banks of similar size a decade ago
triggering a global recession and now in
a story out tonight from The Young Turks
newly released disclosure forms show
that one of the lobbyists who took the
lead in pressing for the bill was
working for some of the biggest
financial institutions in the world were
a lot more than two hundred and fifty
billion dollars among the clients he
lobbied for on this bill American
Express Blackrock and Bank of New York
Mellon and you should know that the
lobbyists used to work in Congress as
the top policy advisor to Senator Crapo
so why is it so significant that Senator
Tammy Duckworth brought her infant to
the Senate floor last week senator
Duckworth is a trailblazer she's a
respected lawmaker and a war hero but
she's also a woman and mother bringing
her newborn to the Senate was practice
the Senate requires that boats be cast
in person but it was also symbolic
shining a light on the everyday dilemmas
that working women shouldn't have to
face before the Senate voted to allow it
what were her choices leave her newborn
at home to cast a vote or stay home
don't vote and let down her constituents
in 2018 it is ridiculous to think those
were her only options it was suggested
that she vote from the Senate cloakroom
but the cloakroom is not wheelchair
accessible and Senator Duckworth lost
her legs in combat by the way senator
Duckworth here embodies multiple
populations routinely disenfranchised
from both public spaces and the
corridors of power what Senator
Duckworth did was not just pushed for a
small provision to accommodate herself
the first senator to give birth and
office encourage much greater
implications rather than give up her
vote she fought for months to change a
silly rule that would have prevented her
from doing her job in a workplace
dominated by men if we want our laws to
be fair and inclusive shouldn't the
places where laws are made be fair and
inclusive and if the Senate is to
represent the interest of all Americans
those principles should certainly extend
to the work realities of its own diverse
members small changes like this do more
than accommodate one senator they help
to remove barriers for all women men who
may want to run for office but before we
celebrate this small victory consider
this job pit caused the boat to let
babies into the Senate chamber was
unanimous the boys club isn't over yet
ABC reported that quote Minnesota
Democratic senator Amy Klobuchar says
she spent nearly two months privately
reassuring Republicans and Democrats
that the new rule would not mean
diaper-changing or nursing in a Senate
chamber in quote
well as it turned out the rulers past
does allow breastfeeding during votes
and Senator Duckworth the decision to
bring her infant to the US Senate to
cast her vote was a bold move that will
hopefully inspire more workplaces to
become more open and accommodating - all
I want to share some thoughts about the
hero and Nashville and the moment Donald
Trump could seize right now I'll be back
in just a moment
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be Kepler always something to
happen it takes to crown the best sales
force out there is Merrill Lynch and now
it goes to B hey it's pretty amazing
we're going to see a stabilization and
just a tremendous snapback the Occupy
Wall Street movement is not it is not a
spontaneous protest against economic
inequality this is what we mean by the
establishment press it is well thought
out a well thought out campaign to bring
down the infrastructure structure of
this country the embarrassment is that
I'm given credibility in this world
because of the disappointment that the
public has and what the news media does
I perform a chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them is to do everything that we
can without going to war so don't you
say to your critics don't fight my
Democratic critics who say you know what
your is really just the socialist
passive I very rarely read in any
coverage of Bernie that he's a socialist
Bernie Sanders is a socialist for God's
sake most analysts are saying that
Hillary Clinton's gonna win in a
landslide I continue to believe mr.
Trump will not be President got Trump at
279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
finally tonight in the case of
Nashville's Waffle House shooter
score one for among other things race
relations we aren't the first to say so
and I hope we won't be the last
James Shaw is our hero of the week he's
the man who was dining at a Nashville
Waffle House what a man wearing only a
jacket began shooting he wrestled the
gun away from the shooter with his bare
hands four people were killed several
others injured before shock attack but
the toll would have been worse except
for Shaw's heroism against the shooter
and his assault weapon if the shooter
had been black and the hero and victim's
white the underlying tone of coverage
probably would have been different but
it was the other way around in this
instance Shaw is an african-american the
shooter an Anglo president Trump could
help himself and our country if he were
to meet mr. Shaw in person at the White
House lured him and give him a medal if
there any plans for that they remain
secret and with that I leave you for
this news cycle The Young Turks is next
and we'll be back with the news at this
same place and time 5:30 Eastern
everybody until then Dan Rather
reporting stay stacking
hey Dave probably see Skype froze frozen
crash you know I was watching I'm
launching that documentary on the
Vietnam War and there was a TV
journalist in the middle of some tiny
little village in Vietnam doing a live
TV as the soldiers were burning the
Vietnamese huts and it didn't crash and
that was 1965 and he was in Vietnam look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that a person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where you cannot in
sit on the sidelines of history
I see what we all see the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's you cannot
in
sit on the sidelines of history
I wonder the young turks special
election day coverage dropping an
amazing power
this battle will drive a power like a
smart Destiny's Child we're all too
strong we start a revolution yes another
one aren't you excited
Wow so the best writers in the country
are right here on this panel with the
obvious exception of John I roll quickly
discount a Harry Potter fanfiction we
have elected the top Twitter troll in
the country what land me away from
Christianity was judgment and
condemnation salting peaceful protesters
in North Dakota crazier than bombing
Yemen crazier than bombing Syria so much
they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts in chess be if we don't reach
our journalists and they do
you
you
