Paul Ryan goes on Meet the Press talk to
Chuck Todd he just blow a huge hole in
the deficit in the budget I should say
created a one point nine trillion dollar
deficit which I will reiterate later
just for emphasis Chuck Todd is gonna
ask him about that's what happened I
thought you cared about deficit but it
turns out tax cuts for the rich you
don't mind shredding the budget let's
hear him out on his answer the point I
want you respond some bob Corker said he
said this this Congress in this
administration likely will go down as
one of the most fiscally irresponsible
administration's and congresses that we
ever had and is referring to the fact
that that this tax bill spiked the
deficit it's higher than even what was
projected and as were they a trillion up
you walk away with trillion-dollar
deficits as far as the I could I was
gonna happen that the baby boomers
retiring was going to do that wait a
minute we did not have a 1.9 trillion
dollar deficit on top of the one we
already had they're adding one point
nine trillion dollars that just happened
because of the tax cuts that is nothing
new with the baby boomers we didn't have
that today before you passed tax cuts we
had it the day after as a projection
over what is going to happen over the
next ten years that was added by the tax
cuts for the rich but what does he do
Joe Joe no it wasn't me was it me I mean
the revisionist history is immediate
because it's not just Donald Trump who's
a pathological liar the whole Republican
Party is premise on a lie that they care
about balancing the budget that they
care about national security that they
care about all these things that they
pretended to care about stopping
terrorism is senator no there's only one
thing they care about getting the donors
the money that they bargained for they
take money from the donors and they
serve the donors who are the donors the
rich and multinational corporations who
just got a two trillion dollar tax cut
the rich and multinational corporations
other donors defense contractors you get
all the wars you want pharmaceutical
companies we're not gonna do anything to
regulate you guys we're gonna pretend
that the old fiord crisis started by
Mexico that's what Donald Trump is
saying why protect the donors at all
costs they never meant a word of it
fiscal responsibility it was always a
punchline for them all they were looking
to do is take your money
and give it to the rich and that's what
he did now there's another part of this
that's very important when he says
always the baby boomers fall because
they're about to retire you know what
that means he's coming for your Social
Security and Medicare yeah let's go to
Part two
these deficit trillion-dollar
projections have been out there for a
long long time why because of mandatory
spending which we call entitlements
mandatory spending which is entitlements
that grows two trillion dollars over the
next decade why does it grow to two
trillion dollars because the boomer
generation is retiring and we have not
prepared these these programs so the
mainstream media is too genteel to call
it as it is that is a lie that is as big
a lie as Donald Trump has ever told just
because Paul Ryan is civil to you guys
saying it has the same cocktail parties
doesn't mean you should let him get away
with that monstrous lie he said all
these deficit numbers have been around
forever no they haven't the deficit
numbers have been bad yes they've
continued we know exactly what they were
no Chuck Todd is asking you about the
extra one point nine trillion that you
just added that has not been around
forever that is based on the tax cuts so
total complete lie and again the second
point says entitlements why Social
Security and Medicare and entitlement
why do they use that word it sounds like
oh it's a bad thing like are you people
you think you're entitled to it well
actually the original reason why I was
called an entitlement is because you are
actually entitled to it
because you put it in they take it out
of your taxes every week when you get
your check whether it's a weekly a
bi-monthly or or at the end of the month
it doesn't matter you pay payroll tax
that goes toward Social Security and
Medicare which you get back later that
is why you are entitled to it because
it's your money but Paul Ryan says irda
taxes for the rich so in this case you
say well I'd say entitlements we got to
cut those things I told you that they
would turn right around and right after
they Pat's the tax cuts for the rich
they would then say well I got to take
it from somewhere we have terrible
deficits I'm a Republican I care about
deficits wink wink wink wink I gotta cut
Social Security and Medicare are you
gonna let him do that to you that's what
this monster Paul Ryan wants to do just
cuz he doesn't misspelled his tweets he
doesn't go out and unhinge rants
doesn't mean he's not a monster and it
doesn't mean he's not a liar he's gonna
try to rob millions upon millions of
Americans of their social security in
their Medicare because he gave those tax
cuts to his donors there is no one more
corrupt in Washington than Paul Ryan one
more here
the current discretionary assessed
system we had the current spending
system we have it's not repairable you
have to redo the system so in the budget
deal we did this year we created a new
Joint Select Committee between the house
and the Senate Republicans and Democrats
to redesign the federal budget system
I'm always passionately believed the
budget system here is a broken system it
and you have to redo the system you
can't just paper it over this is why we
have a commission or committee now
between the house and the Senate which
is going to bring the Congress a new
budget system that is what we have to do
if we want to get this under control new
budget system code word for well we got
to get the money from somewhere and
we're not gonna get it from the rich
because that's who we serve that's where
our campaign contributions come from
that's where the independent
expenditures come from we're gonna get
it from you we're gonna restructure it
and Rob the American middle-class blind
and Paul Ryan's gonna leave cuz he
doesn't want to be part of the wreckage
and he wants to go cash in and I
guarantee you now write it down in stone
you will get paid millions upon millions
of dollars by the people who just
received those tax cuts for his
corruption because that's what Paul Ryan
is he's a corrupt politician who serves
those rich and those corporations Chuck
Todd give credit where credit is due
those are good questions you should ask
those questions now people need to
follow up and call out Paul Ryan for
this obvious deception and just in case
I wasn't clear enough I'll show you the
graphic to GOP tax law would add to the
deficit it used to be 1.5 trillion they
just reinstated it to say no it is going
to be higher that's what bob Corker said
made him think that that was the worst
vote of his life Oh conveniently after
he voted for but still the number is 1.9
trillion dollars because of the GOP
slaw not because of Medicare not because
of Social Security
don't let him lie to you that's what a
polarize entire career was based on I'm
glad that his opponent Randy Bryce is
chasing him out of the Congress entirely
but you should put an end to all of the
Republican lies because they're coming
to rob you you just watch the video by
the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
