Arizona the teachers there there's a new
development in their attempts to
basically fix the school system in
Arizona originally they asked for
increased funding to go to things like
salary and school facilities they were
they wanted a 20% raise they were
offered a 1% raise
they held firm and they eventually got
that 20% raised offered by the governor
Doug Ducey it was the 20 by 2020 plan
and it seemed like that was gonna be the
move but there has been a development
according to NPR teachers in Arizona
held a strike vote on Thursday that
launched Arizona's first ever statewide
walkout and turned down a proposed pay
raise instead demanding increased school
funding so a lot of criticism people
levying against teachers with if they
are to criticize like a teachers unions
move to get higher pay raises as they
criticize the teachers for being so
greedy and wanting money and taking
money away from the schools in this
specific case it seems like the teachers
have and the vote went so that the
teachers said listen we want funding for
everyone
originally the PTA of Arizona was behind
the the initiative and the head of the
PTA Beth's Summit Simic
issued a statement a video statement on
Twitter talking about one of the issues
she had with the proposed plan from the
governor take a look wow we are
appreciative again that the governor
invited us to be part of the
conversation and collaborate on his
ideas in light of the funding streams
that have come to light regarding the 22
by 2020 plan we can no longer support
the governor's proposal as a voice for
children we hope to see the governor in
this legislature find a sustainable
long-term permanent funding source that
does not hurt others in the process and
in order to properly address the crisis
that we have in our state with this
teacher shortage we are urging the
governor and the legislature to continue
to work together with state leaders
parents community members and teachers
to find a real way to restore the cuts
that have been made to Arizona schools
so there you go she criticizes or at
least brings up the issue of where the
money is coming from an additional
reason
that they are pulling out of the deal
some have cited that the support staff
needs more funding they aren't getting
it as much as the teachers and in
Arizona they are 43rd in the nation in
terms of teacher pay so I think couple
things out of this you got to fight back
because if you don't they're never gonna
give you a race so it turns out they
could have given you a 20% raise all
along they just chose not to and in a
lot of the states what do they do they
always have money for tax cuts so if
you're rich or you run a big corporation
they'll always find money for that it's
supposed to trickle down on us but the
whole point of the trickle down is
eventually supposed to raise the
salaries of people like teachers but it
hasn't and if you don't work together
they're never going to give you what you
more than deserve I mean you're 43rd in
pay so that's point one point two is how
incredibly magnanimous are the teachers
because what they realize is yeah we got
our 20% by 2020 and they're gonna get 9%
on the first year but it turns out
they're taking the money out of other
school funding look what that defeats
the point yes I would get my raise but
you're gonna hurt education in Arizona
and whenever they're taxing as well to
say bring that money in yeah so not just
the supports that but they're like look
the kids are you need the money for the
schools so we can have the textbooks etc
so this defeats the whole point so
instead they are bravely going forward
and there could be severe consequence in
Arizona for the strike bravely going
forward to stand up for their kids and
therefore stand up to for everyone else
in the school system that's courage yeah
absolutely and they're taking
inspiration from their counterparts in
West Virginia and Oklahoma which West
Virginia at least they got a five
percent raise Oklahoma not so much but
you know they have to create noise
around this issue and it's in its a
perfect contrast to the gun laws because
this actually is a municipal issue like
local municipal they can work on funding
there they don't have to wait on the
feds or midterm elections to help
teachers and they're speaking out and
they're they're walking out so I'm
rooting for the AZ teachers yeah and
Oklahoma teachers thought they had
gotten a deal and then it turns out
of course the politician screwed them at
the end in Kentucky all they were asking
for is don't cut the pensions you
already agreed to we're we signed a
contract you sign the contract like
whenever you don't pay or you go
bankrupt they always shame you like oh
my god it's a moral issue when bankers
don't pay or businessmen like Donald
Trump don't pay they go he was just a
smart businessman you declare bankruptcy
right when when the teachers get screwed
and they don't get their pension they go
well there's nothing we can do about it
no there's something you can do about it
that's what you got to get together and
fight yeah and but there and it is
extremely risky what the Arizona
teachers are doing because that is a non
collective bargaining state there they
are not it's a right-to-work state
that's a I hate that trap right-to-work
state it's a non collective bargaining
state it is a state that doesn't
guarantee you protection for unionizing
which reads the Arizona Education
Association is warned it's 20,000
members about a 1971 attorney general
opinion saying a statewide strike would
be illegal under common law and
participants would lose their teaching
credentials so April 26 is the day that
they're supposed to walk out which it
seems like they've been worn by the
educated a EI is illegal to do so get
ready for a fight look that's why I said
it's incredibly courageous and and the
exact opposite of selfish because some
governor's like Bevin in Kentucky and
others are claiming that the teachers
are being selfish how preposterous the
same guys who protect the bankers then
turn around and say the teachers are
being selfish when some of them haven't
gotten raises in decades yeah there's
like teachers with two jobs they have to
work after school you know they're on
public assistance like that is something
to protest and that's something to
follow is where what is it what was it
specifically that the Arizona teachers
had trouble with the the PTA
specifically also had trouble with the
money coming from that just means that
it seems like they smelled a rat in what
Ducey was doing which is saying we got
it we got it perfectly we have your
money we're gonna give it to you only I
mean it just smells like a trap so later
they could say oh yeah your teachers got
all that money and we took it from here
here in there
so the paraprofessionals and the staff
at the school right and so that they
could later blame the teachers for
taking all the money and pit them
against one another but the teachers
didn't fall for the trap and said no
we're gonna stick together with everyone
in the school system again risking their
jobs to do that I mean you weren't
talking about profiles and courage that
is it right there
and I love that the revolution has begun
with teachers and nurses so and it is
strikes are how you do it you hurt in
the private sector you hurt them in the
pocketbook and they will howl right in
the public sector you get together
whether it's collective bargaining and
in Arizona they don't allow collective
bargaining why because they want the
powerless to stay powerless they don't
want the teachers to have any power but
nonetheless they have gotten together
and and so and by the way a lot of these
folks are Republican almost all these
states are Republican the the teachers
in Kentucky a lot of them are Republican
but it has affected them and they now
realize the game that's being played the
system is rigged it's really not by the
powerless like I somebody who just
crossed the border the other day with no
money in his pocket it's rigged by the
powerful so now these teachers and the
and I mentioned if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
