the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
has slapped Wells Fargo with a 1 billion
dollar fine because of some of its
behavior toward its consumers that
unfairly led to some repossessions of
their cars and issues with their
mortgages so the 1 billion dollar fine
against Wells Fargo is punishment for
the banking giant's actions in its
mortgage and auto loan businesses now
when it comes to the auto loans the
issue centers around something known as
force-placed insurance so essentially
what happens is the lender in this case
Wells Fargo will lend the money for an
individual to purchase the car but there
are certain standards or certain things
that the person needs to fulfill so they
want to insure the person gets insurance
so if they get into a car accident or if
the car is totaled the insurance will
pay for the loss and that Wells Fargo
wouldn't have to deal with that loss
right now what would happen is people
would get the insurance that they were
supposed to get and then Wells Fargo
would end up purchasing more insurance
on their behalf even though they didn't
need to do it so the way the Wells Fargo
auto loan unit handled consumers
accounts expose people to hundreds of
thousands of dollars in premiums and
fees the issues were also found to have
possibly contributed to thousands of
cars being repossessed so to get a
little more specific
Wells Fargo even acknowledged this they
acknowledge that the roughly 2 million
car loans that it put into that program
it force forcibly placed duplicate 'iv
or unnecessary insurance on hundreds of
thousands of those borrower's vehicles
so in one 5-year period from 2011 to
2016 the bank acknowledged in a
settlement that the extra cost of
force-placed insurance may have played a
role in at least 27,000 customers having
their vehicles repossessed it's insane
so let's break down a couple things here
first of all this is why we need to
protect the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau which is right now
being dismantled more by Mick Mulvaney
and the Trump administration because
they get you your money back and they
look out for you when you've been raw
now Wells Fargo or any giant financial
institution is not going to agree to pay
a 1 billion dollar fine unless they did
it they don't go around going oh we
didn't really do that and we have an
army of lawyers here but we'll pay you a
billion dollars anyway especially during
the drop administration boy they really
really did it and they probably made
more than a billion dollars that are
happy to give back some of the money
that they took from you arguably stole
from you of course I'm gonna say during
the Trump administration but it's also
true in the Obama administration the
Bush administration no one ever goes to
jail
you see steal ten bucks from somebody on
the street and you're going to prison
okay
you steal a billion dollars you're not
going to go anywhere near prison so it's
another fine another slap on the wrist
I'll give you context Wells Fargo just
reported for the first quarter of this
year five point nine billion dollars in
profit not revenue in profit understand
first quarter of the year not the whole
year so that six times twenty are gonna
make twenty four billion in profit this
year so a billion now is it like but
ding thank you very much no big deal
this is not an accident this is their
business model so no me I wanted to ask
you a little bit about this fine because
everyone's reporting it is a record fine
and it is larger compared to other fines
that you know Wells Fargo has had to pay
but is this really punishment you know
no one's really dug into that and I'm
curious what you think right well first
of all if a person stole a car mm-hmm it
would be a felony
one person one car one felony right so
so this is not just hundreds of
thousands of dollars of adjustments to
insurance that didn't need to happen on
cars or the repossession of twenty seven
thousand cars this is like technically
multiple felonies it is stealing it is
taking cars but but be that as it may
that the one billion dollar fine and
check you're right they don't pay a
billion dollar fine unless you've made a
good five or six billion dollars off the
back end of that you don't you just
don't you're settling you're not you're
not saying well here have it all like
twice as much because you know we'll
never do it again which by the way Tim
Sloan who's now the CEO of Wells Fargo
after the last time we built customers
for overcharging them on fake accounts
they created over years they are
half ago and settled for that for just a
hundred million tiny fraction of Riley
and he said everything would be fine I'd
be good and he's actually in charge of
these retail divisions that do this and
he's now the CEO and he just had a 37
percent raise last year so so putting
all that aside it's the billion dollars
actually isn't the biggest fine they
paid multiple billions of dollars for
mortgage related abuses and fraud going
into the financial crisis this is merely
the biggest fine per bank that the
Consumer Financial Protection Board has
been able to negotiate and and that is
true and that is very large and that is
one of the reasons they should continue
to be around and not be defunded and
dismantled by the guy who's currently in
charge of them Akmal veiny but but but
the real problem here is that these
banks are continually able to process
customers to process accounts and add
charges whether it is in credit cards
whether it's in fake accounts whether
it's an auto loans where it's in
mortgage insurance because they are
conglomerates that are allowed to not
just loan you money for your car to not
just loan you money for your house but
to basically make you also potentially
buy insurance products that you might
need and many insurance projects that
you don't need and take money from you
because the last thing anyone wants to
do or and they're beholden to a bank for
money and the bank has the ability to
repossess their car or foreclose on
their house is to not pay what they're
asked to pay and that is when this
becomes stealing so if you notice in the
areas for the bank's never go in the
other direction they never make a
billion dollar mistake on your behalf
hey it's always in one direction it
makes me wonder if they're not just
simple errors or if in fact it is what
they are told to do and it may even had
an internal review that told them you're
ripping people off they're like yeah
whatever they totally ignored it
the reason they ignored it is again it's
not the bug it's the feature
it's their business model they're like
these guys have no power there's almost
no one in government to check us and
even if they do we just pay them a small
fraction of our profits and then they go
away so you know as you as you look at
this you know when I was growing up I'm
probably still for a lot of people in
their heads we got a lot of propaganda
that big corporations they wouldn't do
things like this there
beautiful company otherwise they'll get
in trouble but what you have to
understand is for decades they have not
there's no cops on the beat so they now
feel like they are above the law they
have the power and you have none so
they'll add as many extra fees on to you
as humanly possible because they know
they're gonna get away with it
they're not gonna go to prison for those
felonies instead as Nomi pointed out
they're gonna get a raise and if you if
Wells Fargo was actually upset they
would fire their executives instead of
saying great job
here's a huge raise which means do it
again
actually just to juxtapose Wells Fargo
to a different bank that isn't one of
these huge banks abacus from you know
during the economic meltdown
you had regulators trying to make it
seem as though they were being hard on
the banks and so they go after abacus
which was a small Bank and they made
them do their was mortgage fraud
happening okay but it wasn't something
based on what I saw it wasn't something
that higher-level individuals at the
bank knew about right there there were a
couple people that were doing bad things
and they face charges for it but
regulators did like this whole perp walk
thing it was disgusting it really was
and there is such thing as too big to
jail right or too big to fail but there
is such thing as small enough to jail
yeah and it was just it's just
disgusting to juxtapose how those
bankers were treated versus these huge
banks but but it's exactly that those
bankers make the regulator's look good
to themselves mostly because because we
actually understand the difference the
biggest six banks in this country paid
110 billion dollars worth of fines for
crimes related to the mortgage crisis
110 billion dollars six banks there is
no other sector there is no other
industry for which you can continue to
basically waste our money and our time
with the Department of Justice and every
other regulator and come out with having
to settle for a hundred and ten billion
dollars of fines have no-one jailed have
no restrictions on your business and
this Wells Fargo thing it's it's one of
many types of things this happens to
have been caught right now
it happens to been what was looked at
but the reality is if you are a bank
with those kind of levels of consumers
you have the ability to rip them off and
as your level of clients goes up you
have a bigger ability to to rip them off
and it takes longer or never for
regulators to figure that out
so know me as a real expert on this
managing director of goldman sachs is
written of these books collusion which
by the way the link to turbine that is
in description box if you're watching on
youtube or the comment section on
Facebook you should really check out how
this really works but you know I'll add
my two cents on what I know about the
finance industry I have friends who
worked there I went to business school
and what I'm hearing back from folks is
if you're to Anna's point if you're
politically connected you're gonna be
just fine but if you're not politically
connected meaning you're not giving a
lot of money to politicians they're
gonna want to make an example out of you
because that ironically protects the
people giving money to politicians even
more it gives an appearance of doing
something about it and they go look at
this financial executive I put in jail
now in the case of the financial
collapse it was like a 27 year old or
whatever that they put in prison the
only other that guy that went to prison
from the big banks was a guy on the
board of Goldman Sachs who actually sold
out the other guys on the board of
Goldman Sachs never steal from rich
people you will go to prison
ok steal from the average American
you're gonna get away with it a hundred
percent of the time unfortunately in our
system where money in politics controls
all of our politicians and so it lets
them seem like they're to being tough on
financial crime when they go after
people like abacus but it also has a
benefit of eliminating the competition
or the big banks yeah oh god this system
is so corrupt and if you allow these
bankers to keep buying our politicians
they will run our government and
eventually they will cause another crash
it's an absolute guarantee if you become
a member of The Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now ey tea
network.com slash join get the whole
young turks out every day
