so apparently in one instance Comey
revealed the two were talking about the
argument Trump made that the United
States is just as bad as Russia on some
things Trump had made that statement
during an interview with Bill O'Reilly
and it was a curious statement to make
because while the United States
certainly is not innocent when it comes
to foreign policy to compare it to some
of the things that Vladimir Putin is
done I mean he has literally murdered
journalists who oppose him it sounded a
little crazy right and so Trump went to
Comey and said there are a lot of
killers you think our country's so
innocent he said that on the interview
sorry and he went to Comey and asked you
think my answer was good right Comey
said he thought it was fine except for
the killer's remark noting that the u.s.
is not the kind of killers that Putin is
Trump didn't like the answer according
to Comey
and it's part of when he started a cool
oncoming like wait a minute I'm not sure
I like this guy when I tell you I did a
good thing right the answer supposed to
be right sir absolutely sir you did a
wonderful thing
the US has killed is just like Putin I
mean look he's a child
everything about him as a child and he's
petulant and any tiny little he's
trumpet trumpet thin-skinned right any
little burst of his ego there's a god
you're like darling not good that's the
chair for president all right and the
fact is that was someone like homie who
ultimately is now right you know has his
book out instead of his working in
Washington that what what what tends to
happen for Trump at least now is that
these things manifest ultimately and
that doesn't mean that these people
won't come up and and he could go down
based on what they know and what they
say we had Michael Cohen and others as
the potentials for doing that but but it
has worked for him he's the guy in the
schoolyard that everybody doesn't like
it's amazing that it has backfired yet
it works and I think he looks at people
as either you can do something for me
here you can I like you or I don't but
you can do something for me you can't
and and that's what he's lived his his
entire life on that's why I don't blame
Comey for not being more aggressive when
Trump asked for his loyalty in the
meeting
you say the slightest thing that's
against them and you're out and yeah
eventually of course you want to fire
and crow me anyway so you guys are
absolutely right it's all about Trump
and and whether you can help him or not
you're also right that at some point you
take out enough allies and and you're
gonna be in trouble
you're gonna look around and there's not
gonna be anybody left to protect you
today I read a story about how he
apparently treated Michael Cohen like
garbage New York Times broke that story
yeah a mistake yeah here's who you don't
want to treat really badly the guy who
has all your secrets yes so in a lot of
ways this again confirms tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick he's on the
clock if you want to get the whole young
turks show every single day become a
member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying you know
I'm like a smart person or you might say
I think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me DUI tea
network.com slash joy
