guys super fun new project we're sending
John and chavala up to the North Pole to
meet Santa my name is Johnny - rola I'm
a host on The Young Turks and in my life
I've never been sailing I've never been
north of Massachusetts never like the
cold and scared of polar bears I did a
lot of research into bear attacks and
they are horrendous
people have died out there why do you
think we're sending John I hope you're
okay
my name is Siobhan Madalena I'm an
investigative journalist I've made
documentaries for the Guardian for
al-jazeera I normally do Current Affair
stuff I don't really get to go out in
nature and I don't really get to go and
see parts of the world that are remote
the polar regions are melting at an
alarming rate obviously we talk about on
the show all the time but I want people
to get a sense of more than just
headlines or statistics and so we can
expose the rest of the world to the
people the culture but also the science
and the nature up there I want us to
explore the Arctic in depth I actually
want to see the detail that's always why
I want to be out in the field no matter
what I'm doing no matter what kind of
story I'm working on I want to see the
actual facts on the ground I really do
care about climate change and to be able
to be amongst the scientists conducting
that research on the literal frontiers
of humanity in a part of the world that
might be irreparably damaged in the next
few decades I think that that's worth
pushing my boundaries for I'm not gonna
lie I've had nerves for a long time
about this because it's not anything
that I could experience before and so I
think that going to northern Norway
going up to Svalbard a place that most
people have never heard of ever is gonna
make it way more real for people I feel
like there's a whole world out there
that I know very little about I want to
see walruses I want to see seals I want
to see polar bears from a very specific
distance but I still want to see them
I'm like a warm blooded land dwelling
City liver
I mean she's to see how I'm gonna hold
up after weeks of being up in the Arctic
it's a stamina test it's gonna be an
amazing adventure I'm a little bit
obvious but not really I can't wait to
see it so good luck go go
over the course of this series we'll be
sharing with you true stories of the
Arctic stories of what it is what it was
what makes it unique and how quickly
it's changing we'll explore its talents
meet its residents learn about its
native culture and its local tradition
will run with sled dogs and sail high
into the Arctic Ocean will follow
scientists working on the cutting edge
of climate change research definitely
same thing pause modern-day adventurers
who've made small Bart's formidable
wilderness their home
we'll get up close and personal with
it's rare wildlife and Inhumans journey
through its past and contemplate its
future report but the Arctic Ocean might
be ice cream in 20 years and hopefully
by the time we are done you'll feel like
you know the true north
welcome to Trump's all of you we kicked
off our trip with a crash course in
polar history Rosa is known as the
Gateway to the Arctic because quite a
lot of the important expeditions leave
from concert it's a lot of things to
think about if you want to be a polar
explorer what to where they were to eat
ho to travel o to survive and where we
have the best conditions mentioned a sec
south has an old dog body he's seen some
 there you have the monument for
those who did not return from the sea
some years where more did you talk to
that other 1952 was one of the
absolutely worst 79 men thawed in one
night traveling in the Attic was
dangerous it could be a chance that you
wouldn't come home I feel not very
prepared up you could only buy so much
gear and read so much about it and
you're never gonna be able to predict
things this is a large did seem large to
you what am I most afraid of has gotta
be polar bears it's an apex predator
it's 900 pounds or more and increasingly
hungry that's a polar bear that's a huge
folder yeah this used to be the old
supply shop for the year after your
sports became around me for the 1917
Nansen they all came by here you know
got their stuff well I prefer their yeah
yeah absolutely if we got old receipts
immersed activated that's amazing to the
nonsan here is one of the most famous
polar explorers his first expedition was
to try to cross Greenland with ski and
he did he understood that if he should
go for his next goal which was the note
though he had much to learn about how to
survive in the Arctic
so based on what you've learned do you
feel ready kind of there's like
explorers everywhere so you feel like
you're following a fairly intimidating
footsteps he think like Manson and
Armisen everybody has these like
survival skills and I feel woefully low
on their survival skill ohmmeter
yeah they get ahead to camping to being
out on the boat the possibility of
storms this is your gentle introduction
to the Arctic for my first story I
wanted to start with the element of
polar exploration that seemed the most
familiar dogs
my name is Terrell Grayson I'm an
adventurer and a dog seller and I also
running a auto company named active
Thompson I get to be attacked now I
started dog sledding when I was 12 then
I got my first dog when I was 16 I had
six toes that my mother told me to quit
or move I moved and two years later I
did my first the long-distance race and
since then I never looked back when all
the kids was reading cartoons I was
reading books about the polar explorers
dogsled were really important in the
history of polar exploration the nowit's
in polar explorers and like
nonsynonymous and they learn to use dog
sleds from the Inuit you can bring a lot
of equipment with those they can eat
what you hunt they are made having in
snow and ice
one
a deterrent it's the longest dogsled
race in the world it's approximately
1,100 miles
it starts in Anchorage 22 checkpoints
from start to finish we are using
approximately 9 to 11 days
this is a racing stretch so you see that
the steering system if you have a curved
hair and I'm leaning here you know this
is a snow break for reducing the speed I
also have a foldable mat we can slow
down if I just want to smoothly brake
how much of a workout is it for you as a
musher I have to be a active
participants of my own team by helping
out kicking pushing the slash up
together with them how much fully loaded
up with this be when you're actually
going on a race it would be
approximately between 50 and 70 kilo
heavy but the goal obviously is to keep
it down as low as possible yeah easier
for the dogs travel light speed is
safety so we talked about packing food
for the race what does that actually
like when the dogs are running in
average around 100 marks a day they will
need a lot of food approximately between
12 and 14 thousand kilo calories don't
do that back home and what about for you
well basically everything I can energy
bars frozen vp8 cells I just keep them
frozen pizzas really smooth actually no
no you just put them to your body and I
see you guys on the trail say yeah you
don't stop for a food breaks for
yourself so when you're when you're on
the race how long are you going for well
detailed our 6 hour run six hours break
six hours run six hour break okay and
during this breaks you have to be as
efficient as possible if you think
you're coming into the checkpoint and
gonna have a rest you are wrong because
that is when the real work starts for us
then you have to make them rest
comfortable on Stroeve we are gonna
check their feeds you're gonna prepare
the food massaging is also a part of it
so you might get one hour one and a half
hour sleep it's an active thing being on
it you're talking about 12 hours of the
course of a day with very little sleep
in the middle I'm assuming that wears
you out as well as the dogs by the end
of the oil now you're getting tired too
how are you actually sleeping we don't
bring tents if you have time to put up a
tent
you are wasting time you could use for
sleep instead or you're sleeping in the
straw together with the dogs for
one-four won't and also for the dogs
again back to this bounding the monster
is sleeping with a pack perfect
that is a lot of me the food they are
using our different kind of meat dry
salmon mousse beaver dry food all kind
of delicious stuff that they love food
is the highlight of the day
the last thing I want to spill all over
if I get covered with meat I'm not
getting out of here alive that's the
messy eater
how long have you been doing this almost
40 years so how many dogs would you say
you've trained oh we're talking hundreds
starting when they're puppies what is
the initial training regimen like until
they are around half year old they are
just purpose you're just playing the
only training we are doing is it's a
kind of for socializing and we are
bounding with them I feel good oh all of
these things also gives me our
opportunity to see about is it any
potential leaders who is our problem
solver then it's up to me as a trainer
to build up the skills of actually being
a leader later on
Ledo is the mushers right hand they
going in front they keeping the line
straight we need to communicate they
trust you and we trust that this is only
our grand old lady she is the oldest dog
we have on the kennel she is 13 years
old she's a little know she is feeling a
very important function for me by being
my good assistant when I'm training up
to young puppies the dogs are going
close to the flesh we call them wheel
dogs Frost he is a wheel dog and they
are the engine in the team they need to
be mental quite strong because they have
the stretch just right behind the tail
they really have to trust me as a driver
I'm not driving over them hey you would
have my position as Olaf he thought was
a team dog okay you know young dogs you
are starting kindly with them starting
the bulk of the team and experience they
can't do much wrong there how long does
it take to train up a dog to be on that
a team when you're start training off of
the dogs in there in the old tube you
know we are starting careful and then we
are increasing every single week because
then their muscles and body are all
ready for the long distances and what
total distance you're aiming for on
these races before I start I detailed
for example I probably have around three
and a half four thousand Mars training
people asking about isn't the DOS
getting bored about doing the same round
again and again no there doesn't
they
of working you know the passion the
ghosts are showing craziness and jumping
and screaming and really want to go I
used to say to people if you have the
same kind of passion to your work as
these dogs have you're doing a hell of a
good job okay we are going those heart
training you're gonna have ten eager
dogs in front and you said this is their
first time out this is a four-seater for
the season so they're like desperate to
get going they are crazy
it's get some dogs
it's amazing that the dogs just get on
there so that's a line when they're
obviously crazy but the ready
Oh
the dogs are like hit summer we're going
and every one of these buckets II don't
care what you say human
when you turn back here they know to
shift the entire line over it's amazing
nice toes they're like we know we're
doing money this is not for a separate
room
good job dogs
how does it feel to be in the lead
briefly in the lead feels pretty good
no you want that title
we should call this episode The Fast and
the Furious so if you were wondering do
you stop to let the dogs poop the answer
is you do not stop but they do poop
constantly I've got the past pups their
new Jeep Jeep
well my dreams of beating him back to
the finish line I don't think that's
actually going to happen
that's pretty awesome worked so hard he
worked so hard when I got Merlin and he
was a puppy he used to sleep in the bed
with us when he's bigger where is he
gonna sleep then and then I think I just
simply replied the real question is
where are you gonna sleep
oh there is a few things I can't say no
to
when you have been spending a lot of
time training them up the race is just
an example you want them to come true
that with a good result and happy dogs
and bring them home and and say this was
a good experience don't you and my
fingers are no dog flying was honestly a
dream come true working alongside a dog
to accomplish something helping them out
like digging my feet into the mud and
then going down the hills and see how
excited they were that was great because
it wasn't just something that I was
experiencing out of experiencing
alongside a group of really awesome
animals it was an amazing way to start
my journey viewing a long expedition
means you are making a kind of a
contract with your dogs it's important
to take care of your teeth you have the
best friends with you
huge crazies that's why you're behind
bars you can't be trusted out here you
go roiled look at you can't even keep it
together right now
