hey everybody its David Sirota so
there's a really important study that
came out here in Colorado about the
fossil fuel industry and it's not just
really a study about Colorado it's about
the entire industry and its potential
effect on people who live near oil and
gas sites and there's a political
context to this as well first let me
tell you about the study this is a study
published by the Colorado School of
Public Health at the University of
Colorado's & Shoots medical campus now
keep the name & Shoots in your mind
we'll get to that in a second the study
found that people living close to oil
and gas wells may be at higher risk of
cancer and other health issues than
their neighbors further away now current
colorado regulations that say that oil
and gas wells can't be closer than 500
feet to residential areas but Boulder
County one county where there's oil and
gas development it's health officials
say that setback amount may not be
sufficient in light when you consider
the the the study's findings about
health effects the CU study was
published in a met in a in a science
journal and found that cancer risk for
people living within 500 feet of an oil
and gas facility is eight times higher
than the Environmental Protection
Agency's top threshold the the limit
that the EPA sets so this is a really
important study now I mentioned the name
and shoots remember that name because
there may be pushback to this study
where you'll hear the oil and gas
industry may argue that this is you know
they they'll try to debunk the science
they'll try to say though this is just
liberal fear-mongering and shoots is the
last name of Phil and shoots the
conservative oil magnate the you know he
is a huge oil and gas guy of a
conservative he's funded conservative
causes I mean so this is this is from a
public health school the University of
Colorado a branch of that school that is
funded by or has been funded by Phil
Anschutz to the point where there the
school is named after him so trying to
say that this is if that happens that
this is a sort of liberal study that you
can't that can't be believed
kind of undermined by the source of
where it's coming from and this is a
real scientific study here in Colorado
I'm sure there's going to be questions
about it the oil and gas industry will
likely try to challenge its findings but
those are the findings now what's the
political context because this study is
coming out at a very important time in
the political debate here and across the
country when it comes to oil and gas
development this study comes out right
around the same time that Colorado's
Republican Attorney General cynthia
coffman
is trying to overturn a key legal ruling
designed to protect public health and
the environment
Coffman who was running for governor
this is from a Denver Post story she
sent a 68 page argument urging
Colorado's Supreme Court to overturn an
existing legal ruling requiring the
protection of people and the environment
before oil and gas drilling can be done
so think about that you have the top
Republican statewide elected official in
this state pushing to overturn a legal
ruling that simply says that when
regulators are dealing with the question
of oil and gas development that
regulators have to prioritize public
health and the environment before
allowing those oil and gas development
plans to go forward the Republican
Attorney General of this state is
pushing to overturn that ruling so that
public health and the environment don't
have to come first and she is pushing
for that to overturn that ruling at a
time when we now have a new study from
the University of Colorado and its
health researchers saying that people
who live near oil and gas wells may be
at risk at higher risk of higher rates
of cancer now Kaufman has received oil
and gas money for her political
campaigns
she has been supported by major
Republican groups that get lots and lots
of money even more money from oil and
gas groups so what we have here is a
situation where the oil and gas industry
doesn't want regulators to prioritize
public health in the environment over
oil
gasps development plans and you've got a
Republican official taking their side at
the very moment that researchers in this
state are saying that people may be at
risk of serious health problems like
cancer higher risk of cancer when they
are living too close to aisle and gas
rigs this puts together all of the
different concurrent trends when it
comes to the debate over fossil fuel
development climate change and the light
you've got science now colliding with a
political effort to basically say that
people and the environment should not be
prioritized over oil and gas development
how is the Colorado Supreme Court going
to rule that's a big question and it's a
question that a lot of people I can tell
you here in the state are waiting to
hear the answer about it's a really
really important case but even beyond
Colorado this what we're learning from
all of this science whether it's science
about fracking and and oil assume and
water supplies well now we've got
science about the potential health
effects from pollutants living near oil
and gas rigs in general there's
obviously climate science that the
science collides with the politics with
politics the the oil and gas industries
politics the oil and gas industries
political representatives effectively
its political allies in this case a
Republican Attorney General the science
collides with the politics and they are
in direct tension the science in this
case is saying that people may be at
serious risk of major health problems
for living too close to I'll and gas
rigs the political process meanwhile
through the Republican Attorney
General's Office is saying this state
should not prioritize Public Health in
the environment over oil and gas
development how the state Supreme Court
rules is going to be a big landmark
decision it will probably have ripple
effects not only in Colorado but all
across the country as science and oil
and gas development increasingly come
into conflict with each other
you
