2008 many people thought I couldn't win
that primary election for a state house
so many people even on our own in the
Arab American and Muslim community were
like you know give her money but she's
not gonna win or people just thought
with a name like mine which is Rasheeda
Talib there's no way she could win and
it was because I out worked people on
the field and I'm mostly known for
knocking thousands and thousands of
doors I feel like as soon as I meet
people even though they still can't
pronounce my name I'm called receipt ax
or Sherita as my favorite and people
just remember oh yeah she came to my
house she cares these are some of the
issues and that direct human contact is
something that I think Democrats are not
doing enough of we're here we're here
with potential future congressman
Rasheeda Talib also joined by intercept
editor and reporter Mariam Saleh
I'm Ryan Graham as you guys know we're
going to be talking about the race
Democratic primary and also a special
election to replace the retired John
Conyers there's not one but two Conyers
who were running in the race what is the
local party like what's the state party
like this the national party paid any
attention to the race we're here for
people who don't don't know this plays
in the kind of the headquarters of the
Congressional Progressive Caucus has the
CPC gotten involved in in the race no I
think this is a very very safe
democratic seat this is about over 85
percent Democratic base so this is
really going to be won in the primary
and for many might not think this is a
priority area this is not a so called
pickup see but for families in my
district they see this as a pickup seat
to actually have a Democrat that's
pretty progressive not just says they're
progressive but acts upon it are either
of the Conyers named John yes one of
them are both oh one of them is John
Conyers a third I finally met him his
grandson that's his son okay and Ian
Conyers is a current state senator and
he is the great nephew yeah and there's
some internal fighting going on between
the two families because one or the
other is claiming that there was
supposed to be the one beans
ported by the Honorable John Conyers are
they considered the runaway frontrunners
because he was in the district for so
long
or because it was redistricting and
people didn't even know he was their
congressman is it more wide open thank
you there is wide open and it's
interesting because back home Conyers is
not considered in the lead at all or
kind of relevant in some ways and I
think here in DC it seems like oh it
must be a shoo-in unfortunately because
of not only the historical nature of how
congressman Conyers retired and some of
the circumstances around that but also a
lot of folks outside especially of the
city of Detroit are kind of tired of the
so-called approach of inheriting a seat
and they want people to earn a seat how
does your record in the State House how
do you think that sets you apart from
the other candidates in the race a lot
of it was going up against my own party
members especially when it came to
environmental justice issues the issue
even around like mortgage fraud taking
on the the mortgage companies doing this
big push against disclosures for like
predatory lending I'm gonna call refund
anticipation loans so I've taken on
these bigger fights that a lot of I
think my colleagues were a little bit
more discouraged like it's just too hard
not to to diss some of the work they've
done but you know I wasn't into
resolutions or just introducing bills
that kind of sat on a shelf I really
worked hard to pass things like I
getting a cancer cluster study for my
district or when the governor was
cutting before and after school funding
I actually found a Republican colleague
on the other side of the aisle that was
in a juvenile justice system and
convinced him to restore 5.6 million
dollars I don't know if people kind of
understand my approaches of like rolling
my sleeves up and confining away and not
giving up on undoing it I think you know
being a mom being the eldest of 14 kind
of prepared me to kind of be a bold
when it comes to the needs of the
community and not giving up so easily or
trying to take the easy route so I took
on big fights and I've won and some ways
I hope I inspired some of my colleagues
to want to do the same so how do you
strike that balance between potentially
alienating your party whose support you
might need and you know fighting for
your community and fighting for what you
think your community wants as long as my
district is with me I'm fine as long as
the people are with me I'm fine
I love the fact that I'm at least able
to come back to my caucus and say to
them look I did a survey and I'll send a
little survey out and I was like you
know a thousand people responded and a
hundred of them say we need to do
something about insurance and so just
like you would as a community organizer
now I mean and the things that I do
around water shutoffs and things I take
some of those things I learned about
organizing on the neighborhood's
I do it in the caucus like I work the
House floor as much as I can find those
connections do one-on-ones with some of
my colleagues and try to find some
balance you know folks don't want to
talk about the issue of choice for women
then I want to talk about in for
mortality let's talk about funding and
getting our young our babies two to one
years of age the progressive brand is
very strong now in districts around the
country you have people who used to be
Republicans up until very recently or
were independents or extremely wealthy
people branding themselves as these
strong progressives almost democratic
socialists are you seeing that in your
race too is everybody out there as like
the strongest progressive they're
claiming to be you know I was just part
of a forum this past weekend and by the
way there's nine or ten people in this
race and one of the things that came up
is you know wanting to focus on
education and one of the things I push
back on is well all that costs money and
these are the same Democrats that voted
for big tax breaks for corporations and
for the hockey stadium that's downtown
Detroit that took about 18 million
dollars away from classrooms and I was
one of the very few Detroit Democrats
that didn't vote for it and voted
against it and actually got up on the
House floor and got his stat by my own
colleagues for voting again
we're speaking out against and this was
just before Detroit filed bankruptcy
this is one of the issues that keeps
coming up in the 13 congressional
district moving so much of our public
money for for-profit development so you
would be the first Muslim woman elected
to Congress if if you win how has that
played in the race and do you kind of
use that as a card like let's break this
or does it not really come up in
conversation yeah I think making history
together has been inspiring especially
for women no matter their background I
think one person one resident said it
perfectly
she said if there's anything I can do to
really kind of smack Trump upside the
head it's to send you as my member of
Congress not only as a woman very vocal
but also as an arab-american as a Muslim
people see this as for something right
for diversity for welcoming but also
it's been kind of inspiring to hear from
American Muslims around the country that
you know it's a huge pressure on me but
you know getting elected means he's
wrong that getting elected means they're
welcome here you belong to communities
the Arab American community and the
Muslim American community that until a
few years ago were not very politically
awakened and that's kind of been
changing over the last couple of years
but what those conversations been like
and what are you specifically hearing
from you know the Muslim American
community on getting involved in
politics you know that silence is not an
option
I think they realized that now I also
you know I was at a message at a mosque
in Flint Michigan and I remember a young
sister Muslim I was asking you know
Rashida I just don't understand why
nobody else is speaking up on our behalf
and I looked at her and I said but what
did our community the American Muslim
community say when he said Mexicans are
rapists we don't stand up for the other
communities that are under attack no
matter their background sexual
orientation whatever it is it's about
those core values that we have to stand
up for and I think it's now that is the
awakening that I am really pushing for
not necessarily just voting or raising
money for
progressive candidates but also
understanding the civil rights movement
the kind of human rights movement that
you see in our country right now is
about all of us and we shouldn't you
know when we see african-american
brother getting directly impacted we
should be standing up for him as much as
we expect others to stand up for us do
you hear much from Muslims outside the
community who say something like I hope
you and I'm gonna support you but man
you're a lot more progressive than I am
absolutely especially on the LGBTQ issue
I don't hear from American Muslim woman
as much as I hear from some of the you
know but congressman keith Ellison who's
the chair of the pressive caucus you
know he had a similar encounter I said
what are you saying when people say that
fellow Muslims and he told me you know I
talked about the slippery slope and I
said you're absolutely right if I'm
denying rights to my LGBTQ neighbor then
when does it stop when does it not
impact me when somebody's gonna take my
right to choose or my right to wear the
hijab or my right to practice my faith
what do you make of the special election
in western Pennsylvania oh yeah that's
exciting did you see did you see that
coming
no I see a wave coming I am one of those
people that I don't want to just assume
it's a wave I think I think that
candidate worked extremely hard I think
we have to continue working extremely
hard I don't want to take it for granted
I think that we have a moment in history
right now that people want to do
something about what's happening in our
country and I just hope people are you
know hooking into that I I know people
are really outcome driven right now they
want better outcomes and I think that's
inspiring and I hope candidates are out
there understanding you know to really
reach out and get more people out to
vote how expensive is it's a run in
Detroit so you have to buy the entire
media market well we're actually not
going to do I mean so the most important
thing I'm focusing on in the way I out
work a lot of these name recognize kind
of candidates and especially in a very
contested Democratic primary is filled
over 60% of the money I'm raising is so
that I can me my team can door knock
over 80,000 doors that we can reach
every voter
every absentee voter really trying to
pull out even others that maybe haven't
voted in the last two elections is
really reaching out to them were also as
we're collecting signatures we're
registering people to vote young people
who said oh I know her I want to you
know and they're not registered to vote
so we're also doing that and that is
mostly translating into how many
contacts and how much dollars that so we
need about 1.5 1.6 million dollars for
this race
what's your support been like from
outside this day I know you've also had
events and so on in other states so you
know who are you reaching out to outside
of your district and outside of Michigan
what's the response been yeah so I've
been reaching out to people outside of
the state primarily because I mean it's
really hard to raise over a million
dollars and in my district because these
are working families and middle-class
families but we do have amazing turnouts
for our small events I call them
backyard fundraisers but they're fun and
people come in at 10 or 15 dollars per
ticket and are super excited to come out
and participate but a lot of the people
that I am getting support from our
American Muslim women and Ocala she's
incredible
another sister in Southern California
but also Muslims and New Jersey have
reached out I think as people are
hearing about me more and more American
Muslims are really excited and want to
contribute how how much have you raised
so far all right have you are beating
everybody I hope so
yeah I don't know I might allowed it
okay keeping that keep achieving that on
your hat we kind of want to surprise
people fair enough
so smiling as long as my finance
director is smiling and yeah I was in
South by Southwest this past weekend and
interviewed Beto Rourke who's running
against Ted Cruz and when he first got
to Congress he started out doing call
time you know going to the d-triple-c
headquarters calling the calling the PAC
folks and eventually he just gave up he
stopped paying his d-triple-c dues so he
stopped moving up in
the ranks and then now he's running for
Senate based on his own small donor
Network so kind of taking it around the
party do you have a call time equivalent
in your campaign and what would you do
when you got here to Congress in terms
of fitting into the kind of d-triple-c
leadership structure we're trying to
figure out another path forward well I
write now most of the work I'm doing and
raising the money has been hand-in-hand
with you know motivating inspiring
people regular people I I haven't been
getting this tremendous amount of
support from PACs for obvious reasons
and I mean if anything a lot of you know
like the nurses and some of the other
folks are really interested just as
Democrats and others that might be very
interested in giving you know PAC money
or so forth but most of them are
progressive organizations you know my
heart and Center has always been you
know unparalleled constituent services
field and getting to people and I know
that as long as I keep that very strong
I'm not going to have to rely so much on
raising tremendous amount of money every
single cycle corporate PAC money I don't
take over a PAC when you know I you know
even a small donation from employee of
Marathon I returned I just I don't want
to even jeopardize the trust with my my
families I want them to not even think
that a small amount of money would sway
me the people that are giving the giving
me money and supporting me at the ground
level are not expecting anything in
return other than hard work and I don't
think I'm the type and my team will tell
you to kind of fall into the cycle of
call time or they know if I'm not on
doors they're doing constituent
programming or any that I become very
unhappy and don't want to do it anymore
so I just want to be able to serve and
yeah I don't kind of fit into that mold
of that's the way he has to be done I
think I can raise money in a grassroots
level with the small donations over and
over again
hopefully through the work I do in the
on the floor of Congress how do you
first get political like what what what
politicized you as a as a young or young
person or whenever you whenever you did
kind of awaken to politics sure a lot of
folks know this about Detroit but it's
kind of the birthplace for labor
movement and as well as a civil rights
movement and it impacted me very
positively especially as a child of
immigrants and I didn't speak English
when I started school my dad who worked
at Ford Motor Company and was a UAW
member you know only went up to fourth
grade education and my mother only
eighth grade education and I remember
even in high school I probably was maybe
one of ten or a dozen arab-americans and
so politics to me which is really about
social justice issues came up all the
time people yelling at my mom for not
speaking English well or my dad being
discriminated against by local police or
my brothers having issues with chronic
unemployment because of their names and
it just naturally became very active on
various movements not only around
immigrant rights but economic justice
issues
