so Alex Jones is being sued for
defamation by the families of the kids
who died in Sandy Hook they've had many
people giving them death threats because
they assume that they're part of this
plot and they lied about having kids in
the first place and all this stuff so
they're suing him for defamation because
of the stuff he said about Sandy Hook
let's see what Alex has had to say about
this on his show after getting the news
that he's being sued we are back live
coming up at the end of the hour in the
next segment I'm gonna go over the AP
actually being somewhat honest about
what I've really said about Sandy Hook
versus the rest the medium well it's not
that I'm running away from saying I
think it was a hoax if it was a hoax for
four years I've said I think people
really died there and they know that the
suit by the media by the Democrats using
the poor parents is meant for just
demonize you're truly building up to
something big they physically I can
guarantee you want to assassinate my
character ahead of setting me up putting
him in prison or having me killed if the
only the globalists don't kill people
all day they've hijacked America they
killed President Kennedy they're trying
to kill President Trump so the
globalists want to kill Alex Jones
that's what he just argued you know it's
it's funny because he acts like he's not
on tape virtually all day every day so
when he says something like that's not
what I said
that's all I said about Sandy Hook
that's so easily checkable like we could
all just go back and see hey what did he
really say about Sandy Hook but he's got
a little bit of Trump in him in that
Trump just fucking with his chest puffed
out and all the machismo in the world
acts like nope I didn't say that thing
that you had me on tape saying Trump you
said it the other day with the firing of
Comey
he said immediately after he did it that
at least one of the reasons was oh the
whole Russia investigations of fake
investigation so I fired James Comey and
then he said the other day on Twitter no
wrong I didn't I didn't fire him because
the Russia investigation fake news and
it's like dude there is a tape there's a
fucking tape so why are we even
bothering just shut the fuck up just
don't say anything but no they just they
like rewrite their own reality in real
time and it's pathological lies where
it's like no no now I'm even gonna
convince myself that this thing I'm now
saying is the truth and the thing I said
before I didn't even say and then if I
happen to change my mind tomorrow I'll
just reassert the opposite tomorrow and
act like no I've been saying this all
along and this is the truth so um being
sued for defamation by the families of
the Sandy Hook victims he says now well
I've been said I didn't but I didn't say
it was a hoax I didn't say I've been
saying people died there the whole time
let's take a look what he actually said
Sandy Hook it's got inside job written
all over it
Sandy Hook is a synthetic completely
fake with actors in my view manufactured
I couldn't believe it at first people
just instinctively know that there's a
lot of fraud going on but it took me
about a year with Sandy Hook to come to
grips with the fact that the whole thing
was fake I mean even I couldn't believe
it I knew they jumped on it used the
crisis hyped it up but then I did deep
research and my gosh it just pretty much
didn't happens I mean I've interviewed
the cops and and the people that saw the
feds plant the bombs in Oklahoma City
you saw him staged fast and furious
folks they staged Aurora they staged
Sandy Hook the evidence is just
overwhelming see why bother lying
because listen it the chances are
extremely high that in court this stuff
is going to be presented as evidence and
Alex Jones defense can't be I I didn't
say that because they go okay let's cut
to the fucking videotape and see what
she said so I don't know what this guy's
endgame is he just seems like he's
totally unhinged you know he just David
Pakman had on his show
Alex Jones ex-wife today tell her story
because there was a high profile like
divorce proceeding and child custody
issues and all that shit
and so Alex Jones wife went on David
Pakman show told her story Alex Jones
filed a copyright claim against that
video they didn't even play a clip of
Alex Jones they didn't do it you know
what they did they had like I have here
this picture of Alex Jones they had a
picture of Alex Jones in the background
from his show and Alex was like nope we
don't have you don't have the rights to
use that picture so I'm gonna take it
down it is a clear attempt at censoring
to try to control the narrative I've
never seen a clear example of trying to
censor somebody to control the narrative
he doesn't want her story getting out so
he sensors and and shuts it down
remember this is one of those guys who
want you know always talk about free
speech and acts like yeah yeah we're the
principled ones on free speech which is
why I'm gonna shut my fucking wife up
with the bullshit copyright claim but
listen man after a while you keep the
lies catch up to you dude
you you don't get to say all that shit
you know that really is you guys know me
I'm a free speech that free speech
absolutist they're the exceptions to
that are direct threats of violence
LIBOR libel slander and basically what
these people are saying is I don't know
which one is written word which one is
written word which one is spoken word
libel or slander whatever doesn't matter
basically what these people are saying
is that's what you did to us because
you're saying they look imagine losing
your kid in a fucking mass shooting and
then you got this guy that has over a
million listeners out there saying it
was a hoax it was fake and at some times
he went as far as to say yeah they were
using actors and nobody even died and
then later on I think the more pushback
he got he started to change his opinion
a little and said no no I said people
died all along so he just kind of
changed it as time moves along based on
what's you know more convenient and
what's gonna give him the least amount
of trouble but imagine losing your kid
and then somebody screams that you're an
actor you don't even have a kid
and then people start threatening you
and over your dead kid
you can actually died and they're
threatening you and saying you don't
even have a kid and we're I'm gonna
fucking attack you you can't imagine a
worse scenario than that I mean that's
like holy shit and listen at the end of
the day I I I'm not saying that Alex
Jones is even gonna be found guilty
because when it comes to cases of libel
slander defamation and stuff like that
it is notoriously hard to prove and by
the way that should be the case it we
should lean heavily heavily on the side
of free speech absolutism so I'm not
even sure that he's gonna be found
guilty because they they might have to
prove intent like Oh as he said these
things he intended to really ruin these
people's lives and make half people make
those threats and that might be too much
of a stretch so I don't know that he's
gonna be found guilty but what I do know
is he's a fucking liar
because he says he didn't say that
you know Sandy Hook was a hoax and then
there's thousands and by the way I'm
just showing you a little snippet those
clips go on and on and on and on and on
of him saying exactly that that Sandy
Hook was a hoax and every now and then
what happens is people will allow the
speculation about certain things because
they're the nature of those things is up
in the air enough where speculation is
not insane by its very nature but there
are some things where everybody draws a
line and they're like you are not doing
what you're doing right now are you and
one of those things is Sandy Hook
children massacred slaughtered and
remember his whole theory was and a
change from time to time to be clear but
the idea was basically this is a fake
shooting and the whole reason behind it
is that the government can now Obama can
come and take your guns using this as
you know the precursor so that they can
then go up sorry we got to confiscate
all the guns and that
theory is so massively incoherent that
it's laughable if you spend two seconds
researching because the reality is the
strongest legislation that was even
proposed for a split second after the
shooting ban on assault weapons which
would still leave all rifles all
shotguns and all handguns in the fucking
country ban on assault weapons ban on
high-capacity magazines universal
background check so it was super
specific the proposals and none of the
proposals proposals were to ban guns nor
could you with the Second Amendment so
when he says their whole plan is - the
whole motivation behind this the motive
of the government is to fakin it -
actually can take all the guns well then
why would they not even propose taking
all the guns see this is what I mean
just a minimal amount of skepticism when
you go that guy's full of shit and then
by the way how long did they even
propose the strongest gun regulation
pieces of legislation it was they were
only on the table for like a week and
then the Democrats immediately caved
because that's all the Democrats know
how to do and they said oh no we forget
the assault weapons ban can we please do
the high-capacity magazine ban in the
universal background check and then
guess what Mitch McConnell the
Republicans said how about you go fuck
yourself and then the Democrats went
okay fine no high-capacity magazine ban
but maybe just a universal background
check and then Mitch McConnell said go
fuck yourself and then they went okay
fine fine not a universal background
check but a watered-down background
check bill that has massive loopholes
that's gonna be totally ineffectual and
the Republicans still said go fuck
yourself so anybody who understands whoo
look at the legislation you look at the
proposals you look at the actual fallout
from this event the theory of it being
faked is just beyond preposterous and
what happens is it's it's a hallmark of
all conspiracy theories what they do is
they point out issues that arise when
everything's unfolding so when in
something like this happens nobody
really knows what's going on
when it's happening like when the
shooting is happening and in the
immediate two hours three hours there's
a lot of misinformation and half-truths
and you know oftentimes there's a report
there were three shooters and then now
it turns out there was one shooter and
what happens is you take all the initial
reports and the contradictions and the
different abbot in the different points
people make and you go up see this is
the government's lying to you now they
say it's one shooter but there was a
report initially after that there were
three shooters what happened to the
other two shooters so all you do is
point out the inconsistencies in the
narrative and then you use that to build
a case that you totally made up
so oh look at all these inconsistencies
therefore you know it's like the God of
the gaps argument therefore there's this
you know giant conspiracy happening from
the top down and the government is
orchestrating it responsible for it
that's a giant fucking leap bitch what a
giant leap holes in the narrative
therefore I'm gonna make up something at
a zero evidence so what I don't
understand is Alex why are you digging a
deeper hole just do what you did I think
it was for pizza gate Jones apologized
he apologized he said hey sometimes we
get it wrong and he did this whole spiel
because what happened was I think he got
sued in that case too because there was
a fucking shooting at the pizza place
where they said Hillary Clinton was
running a brothel out of the basement or
some shit
so some lunatic went there and started
shooting and so I think the pizza place
sued Alex Jones because he was the
biggest voice pushing this idea and then
to avoid to settle and not be dragged
through litigation for so much longer he
basically had what do you want
and they said apologize say you were
wrong and and all that and then I don't
know there was some sort of monetary
issue as well but he apologized and
basically owned up to it so that he can
escape further litigation so now you'll
notice he hasn't really talked about
pizza guy anymore because he got fucking
he got chewed alive on reporting that
and then fucking getting sued so I don't
understand why he doesn't do the same
thing here now he's just kind of like
lying about what he said as opposed to
owning up to it and saying I was wrong
so I'm he's just a sleazy and dishonest
guy man that's what he is and you better
get your viewing in on this video
fast because lord knows if he'll start
doing false copyright claims over this -
just so everybody knows you know Alex
should follow me on Twitter at Kyle
kolinsky because lord knows what he'll
do just by virtue of the fact that I'm
talking about this
