goofball George W Bush if you remember
almost choked on a pretzel yes that's
the kind of guy bushes but at another
time he fell and and cut his leg and so
dr. Ronnie Jackson has to it's the kind
of name that you want to say both names
like every time I said dr. Jackson did
feel enough dr. Ronnie Jackson Romney
Jackson that makes sense okay he's gonna
stitch up Bush and Bush is like I don't
know maybe you don't know he's a doctor
that's his job but let him stitch you up
so but he's a child
Bush is also a child right so he's a
nice it gonna be all right and so dr.
Ronnie Jackson I had to tell him a story
to comfort him and so he apparently
there's a story that he's told before a
way to save the auto till you hear what
the story is he told him the story about
how well he once ditched himself up in
an emergency situation he it tore his
balls why why is this public information
like why was this shared with quick why
would anyone share this with reporters
this is insane
believe it or not it gets better so he
apparently ripped his nutsack in some
way and and stitched himself up I mean
well I do guy have to give dr. rowdy
Jackson credit I mean that's a hell of a
thing to stitch up your own balls
so then Bush trust them enough to let
him stitches like and then reward him
with a nickname scrote what wait wait
wait who is scrote dr. Ronnie Jackson
why why Ronnie Jackson why he has made
so many bad decisions and this is the
first I mean this is at the top at the
top of the list of bad decisions why
would you share stories about ripping
your nutsack and how you stitched it up
and the scroll thing it didn't come from
George Bush did it come from Ronnie
Jackson so the story you know it seems
like from the Washington Post recounting
of it is told by is relayed by dr.
Ronnie Jackson at this point
is insane man he's not to be trusted all
Washington Trust which by the way now
that you I think about it
maybe is good reason not to trust them
so I you know I got nothing against this
guy seems like a lovely guy but but yeah
telling that story is a bit questionable
but I mean Bush you named your White
House position
scrote no but that was but that was a
good decision like that's what I'm
saying like hey I mean right Ronnie
Jackson is the only one to blame here
