hey guys we are super excited to bring
you the premiere of true north this is
the series that Jon Heder olla shot in
the North Pole
along with chavala Madalena and it is an
incredible series that you guys could
actually start streaming now on go 90 if
Fresno State University professor is
dealing with a firestorm following what
she put up on Twitter in regard to
Barbara Bush passing away now I I'm
gonna give you her tweets and then we'll
discuss whether or not she should keep
her job keep in mind Fresno State is
part of the CSU system in California
meaning it is a publicly funded
institution and she is a tenured
professor but here is what she had to
say her name is Ron de girar
and she had tweeted Barbara Bush was a
generous and smart an amazing racist who
along with her husband raised a war
criminal so you kind of get a sense of
where she's at she's not really buying
all of the rest in peace' tweets that
followed news of her passing then she
said I'm happy the witch is dead
can't wait for the rest of her family to
fall to their demise the way 1.5 million
Iraqis have bayi so people did not like
what she had to say and it led to
Twitter outrage which is common with
Twitter people were outraged about
everything she pointed to the comments
as an example of quote what it's like to
be an Arab American Muslim American
woman with some clout online expressing
an opinion the professor also taunted
those attacking her sharing a contact
number that was that of Arizona State
University suicide hotline and she said
she was a tenured professor who makes
$100,000 a year she followed that with I
will never be fired
so tenured professors usually do have
more protection and the whole purpose
for that is so they can do some academic
research that could be controversial
they don't want to lose their jobs if
they want to you know dip their toe in
something controversial and
she's saying I have protection this is
freedom of speech but officials at the
University didn't really respond in a
way that makes me comfortable when it
comes to protecting her freedom of
speech so I'll get to that in just a
second but I do want to toss to you
Jenny and get some initial thoughts okay
so why are people upset so a couple of
reasons most of them illegitimate so
number one Barbara Bush is considered a
genteel apparently and so how can you
this to this poor woman well no the she
had very good reason to not like Barbara
Bush I was not a fan of Barbara Bush
when she was alive for reasons that
we're gonna share with you the quotes of
Barbara Bush and what she said about
other human beings the second reason is
you're not supposed to speak ill of the
dead I don't know who made that rule I
don't believe that rule and so when bad
guys die I don't care I criticize them
let's let's please mention what the
massive caveat is when it comes to those
making the argument in regard to not
speaking ill of the dead
right now we have countless people who
are torn apart smeared and and spoken
about as if they're absolute criminals
following their deaths that was caused
by a cop shooting them while they were
unarmed no yeah yeah so we speak ill of
the dead in this country on a regular
basis on a daily basis and my guess is
the same people who are you know
defending Barbara Bush and saying that
they're very offended by this are the
same people who will look at someone
like Tamir rice and say that you know oh
well you know he's playing with a toy
gun that looked like a real gun so he
deserved to die or the people who will
look at Michael Brown or a bunch of
other people who were shot and killed by
cops and mention things like oh well he
smoked pot once in his life or twice in
his life so he deserved it no we get
that all the time so speaking ill of the
dead is an American pastime at this
point so I'm not buying so and that's a
great point I had thought about it in
that context so anyone who did not speak
ill of Michael Brown or Trayvon Martin
maybe has a light to stand on all those
commenters none of them spoke ill of any
of those people who were shot by cops
please
this is selective you can speak ill of
the dead if there if you if there are
the others if they're black they're
progressives there's anyone that you
don't associate with but if it's your
people oh how dare you and by the way
one of the reasons everybody's outraged
is because Barbara Bush is part of the
club she was part of the club so
everybody knew Barbara Bush and
everybody on TV was like oh I was such a
lovely person no she wasn't
she was generally mean-spirited so again
I'll give you the quotes to prove it no
here I'll give you the quotes right now
okay and then we'll talk about the
university's reaction when asked about
the Iraq war the one that the professor
here alluded to she said
why should we hear about body bags and
deaths it's not relevant so why should I
waste my beautiful mind on something
like that yeah I would argue that
someone who would make a statement like
that does not have a beautiful mind she
she her son launched the invasion of
Iraq you know there are different
numbers but they're all at a minimum in
the hundreds and hundreds of thousands
as high as one and a half million
civilians killed and Barbara Bush when
asked hey your son did this thing and it
wound up getting millions of people go
basically our answer is it weren't me
were they I'm still rich aren't I I'm
still powerful I still go to the same
cocktail parties with all the people on
TV and all other politicians we're still
having a grand life it didn't bother my
beautiful mind at all that your family
was murdered it didn't bother me at all
my son dropped a bomb on him it almost
seems like she's speaking ill of the
Dead interesting so then there was the
infamous quote in regard to some of the
refugees after Hurricane Katrina Barbara
Bush told public radio program
marketplace that the evacuees who had
fled their homes and were being
sheltered in Houston's Astrodome quote
were underprivileged anyway so this is
working very well for them she did not
care about other people at all I mean
you are talking about you know
privileged elite a you know spoiled
person who couldn't care less and had no
empathy I'm sorry am i speaking ill of
the dead so look on the day she died we
didn't do it and I didn't say anything
about it but now you're gonna go try to
get take someone's tenure away because
they're saying things that if they had
set him a day ago you know you would
have had to debate over it but nobody
would have gotten fired over it and but
now your BS you know rule that you apply
only for your friends and only people on
your political side of the aisle of CEO
the dead now all of a sudden she's a
monster no Barbara Bush who said I don't
care about other people I don't want to
bother my beautiful mind about the
millions of people that are dead I would
argue set far far worse things in this
professor look I hurt ah I wouldn't
personally handle the tweets the way she
did but just because I didn't like that
tone doesn't mean that I'm going to
advocate for her getting fired I have a
lot of pride in the CSU system and if
she loses her tenure if she gets fired I
will feel a lot of shame because she is
a creative writing professor that the
students love and she did not lie about
anything on Twitter she tweeted
something during her private time
she didn't say this in the middle of a
classroom and so you get to disagree
with her if you loved Barbara Bush if
you didn't like her tone I get it you
can disagree with her but trying to get
her fired is especially hypocritical
when the conversation involving
universities right now is about free
speech right any time you hear about
universities these days it's
conservatives losing their minds because
they think free speech is being violated
on that violated on campuses this is a
publicly funded public university and so
I really hope that the administrators
don't become complete cowards and turn
their backs on this professor because
there's all this pressure to fire her so
let's go to what the initial response
was from the University Fresno State
originally responded to the controversy
with a statement by Castro that is the
president of the university that said
jurors words were obviously calm
right to the core values of our
University but that they were made as a
private citizen well I'm sure there was
a lot of pressure to you know go after
her in a more aggressive way and so on
the talk radio station KMJ the
university president told the host ray
Appleton I want all of your listeners to
know that I condemned the tone substance
and timing of dr. jurors comments on
Twitter last night I want that to be
unambiguous and how do I feel I was
shocked
upset appalled just like everybody else
now it's unclear whether or not they're
going to fire her but they are doing so
much damage control it's it's a little
laughable the university's twitter
account also tweeted that they are
flying the flag at half-staff in memory
of former first lady barbara Bush now
I'm fine with that I'm if they want to
do that awesome I'm glad they're doing
it but it just seemed like a lot of
damage control following all of this
controversy all right well I'll tell you
the one comment that's the most
disturbing
they said jurors comments were quote
beyond free speech this was
disrespectful no that's not beyond free
speech free speech is it meant to
protect in offensive speech nobody's
ever gonna say you have a right to say
happy birthday you have a right to say
have a nice day that's not offensive to
anyone the whole point of free speech
and tenure is to protect potentially
offensive speech so if you don't
understand that you don't understand
your job but luckily ben shapiro is on
the case here he's leading protests to
protect the professor because him and
his followers they care so much about
free speech on campus and and Crowder is
there and they're all there and they're
like let's go professor we love free
speech right
oh no they're not leading that protest
that's so weird so so weird because I
thought there were free speech advocates
let me ask you something is it offensive
to have someone like Ann Coulter on a
college campus who has essentially said
that you know immigrants who try to
cross the border and then later get
raped by our Border Patrol agents
probably deserved it because they tried
to cross into
the United States illegally is that okay
I mean look we have fought for that type
of free that type of speech to still
occur on public campuses because we
believe in free speech so whether it
comes to ben shapiro or ann coulter let
them speak let them do whatever they
want to do just don't show up to their
speech and show them how unpopular their
ideas are but they would never do the
same for a professor like this yeah so
spare us your crocodile tears
about free speech when in the minute
you're offended what do you need guys
conservatives what do you need you need
a safe space right because you're a
special little snowflake who got
triggered by comments about barbara bush
so let's just call it what it is and by
the way if you're a student at fresno
state under no circumstances should you
let her get fired you should do protests
on top of protests on top of protests to
protect her rights to safe things that
are actually true about barbara bush and
don't let these cowards say oh well if
it's offensive then I don't know if it's
free speech or if your tenure is
protected of course it is that's the
whole point of tenure
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network comm
/join
