hey guys we are super excited to bring
you the premiere of true north this is
the series that Jon Heder olla shot in
the North Pole
along with chavala Madalena and it is an
incredible series that you guys could
actually start streaming now on go 90
Chuck Schumer has or is planning on
introducing legislation that would make
marijuana legal on a federal level what
now uh this is a story that vice news
broke because he decided to take this
news to Vice but they did film a video
of this and I want to hear from Schumer
make your case let's watch I'll be
introducing legislation to decriminalize
marijuana at the federal level from one
end of the country to the other the
legislation is long overdue
based on you know a bunch of different
facts I've seen too many people's lives
ruined because they had small amounts of
marijuana and served time in jail much
too long ultimately it's the right thing
to do freedom if smoking marijuana
doesn't hurt anybody else why should we
allow people to do it cannot make it
criminal now he was previously very
hesitant to attempt to make marijuana
legal on a federal level in fact back in
2014 while being interviewed by MSNBC he
said that it's a tough issue we talked
about the comparison to alcohol and
obviously alcohol is legal and I'm
hardly a prohibitionist but it does a
lot of damage and he said he wanted to
wait and see how things played out on a
state level make sure that there aren't
any negative ramifications to legalizing
it and then he would back legalizing it
on a federal level and he wanted to wait
till the Democrats are out of power yes
and they really couldn't do anything
about it
what do the young kids like these days
we gotta get the young kids back on our
team that's right so then they'll vote
for us and then when we get back into
power will we actually do it no we'll
find an excuse oh what the Republicans
did we could block who could filibuster
us in this Senate and since the
Republicans have 41 senator as well
there was nothing we could do okay now
look let's be let's go
okay yeah let's be fair okay so when
people switch their minds that come to
the right position that's wonderful so I
like the Chuck Schumer is putting this
bill forward I think it's a good
statement and I'm glad that he is
evolved on the issue so I don't want to
minimize that and spy I have to give you
all contextual is the president he could
have unilaterally said that for example
that marijuana is not a Schedule one
drug
yes but he chose not to do it Schumer
chose not to evolve then he's choosing
to evolve now under Trump so that he can
get young voters to vote for Democrats
and this is the the tired game that
Democrats play where they're always
going a little further a little further
come vote for us one more time but one
more time they're doing the same thing
with daca they could have done something
about it they could have held up the
budget they chose not to and then they
say come a little further and give them
vote for us one more time then we'll
fight for daca and it's exhausting so
when it comes to Democrats specifically
what I've noticed is if it is an issue
that is not being pushed by political
donors they will keep an eye on polls
and they will make sure that poll is
nearly unanimous before they they act
and so look if you look at polling in
regard to legalizing marijuana the
majority of Americans do want to
legalize it even if they have no
interest in using it themselves I think
that Schumer is doing this for political
reasons I think he's doing it because
it's a safe thing to do but still I will
take it good yeah overwhelming majority
over 60% very little very late but yes
good news thank you
let's hope they stick with it
if you like The Young Turks you'll love
Young Turks membership TYT Network comm
sighs join
