hey guys we are super excited to bring
you the premiere of true north this is
the series that John Ida Rolla shot in
the North Pole
along with chavala Madalena and it is an
incredible series that you guys could
actually start streaming now on go 90
the community of Barstow California is
currently outraged over a police
shooting and also the lack of
transparency from the local police
department there now this police
shooting happened earlier in April and
unfortunately led to the death of an
unarmed man by the name of Deonte Yarber
he was only 26 years old and also the
father of three children those children
are left fatherless today after police
decided to open fire while Yarber was in
a car with three other passengers he was
parked at a Walmart with three other
passengers in the car when these cops
decided to open fire now let me give you
the details of what occurred and again
there is a lack of transparency they are
refusing to release any type of
surveillance footage body camera footage
dashcam footage they're just not
cooperating and not releasing any
information and the community is
outraged understandably so so Barstow
Police Department officers shot and
killed 26 year-old Deonte Yarborough on
April 5th in his cousin's black Ford
Mustang Yarber and three others were
parked outside a Walmart when police say
he and his vehicle were deemed
suspicious so I'm gonna skip ahead for
one thing because it's really important
for you to know it the car was not
stolen I mean they could have just
looked into the car and see if it was or
not and so I don't know why the car is
suspicious let alone why the guy inside
the car is suspicious because they have
it it appears no reason to believe that
the car was suspicious even if they got
a call in it just takes you a minute to
call it in hey here's a license plate as
a stolen car or not but no they already
saw what they needed to see and they
needed to act right away which is of
course to shoot these people right and
so again if the car was not a stolen car
we all know that if officers are
suspicious of a car being stolen they
can
the license plate that is apparently not
something that they did in this case
police say that Yarber tried to pull his
car out of its parking space when
officers approached colliding with a
patrol car then shifting gears and
striking a second car it was only then
the police narrative states that
officers opened fire now if that is in
fact what happened then why is it that
the police department refuses to release
any for any surveillance they will not
allow the release of Walmart
surveillance releasing their body cam
footage I mean if he posed a threat then
proved that he posed a threat at least
give some closure to the community to
the family members but that is not what
they're doing mr. Yarber was pronounced
dead at the scene another passenger a
woman identified as Mariana Tafoya was
also struck by gunfire and was airlifted
to a hospital she had been struck in the
abdomen and leg
luckily she is getting better and she's
expected to live the two other
passengers both men got out of the
Mustang during the episode and one of
them sustained what authorities called
minor injuries the authorities said
their minor injuries again I don't know
for sure if they were minor injuries but
I do know that luckily they did survive
the department says officers thought
Yarber looked like a suspect in a recent
car theft but that is not enough of a
reason to open fire the attorney for the
family indicates that about 30 rounds
were fired now again that's what the
attorney is saying I would like to see
more evidence of how many shots were
fired but there was a bystander there
who took some footage and we're gonna
show that to you right now just to give
you a sense of how many shots were fired
take a look
in the middle of a parking lot 11 a.m.
by the way broad daylight okay so let's
go to the main point that the cops have
which is almost nothing of course if
they had a real case they'd released the
video and they are not releasing the
video because they what they did was
wrong otherwise they would release it
immediately if the guy had pulled a gun
you know how quickly that video would be
out already but there was no gun as
usual unarmed black man
okay but he looked suspicious gee I
wonder what was going through their
heads okay anyway so they said well I
thought we were in danger because the
car crashed now with a giant against the
car because they gave the car back to
the family will show you video that in a
second okay so were there these huge
giant dents as he smashes the car the
console they're all my god their life is
in danger
no okay now and by the way they were a
great number of instances throughout the
country where cops have shot in two
incredibly slow moving cars because
they're like I guess I'm in danger let's
just murder the guy inside and how fast
could he have hit the patrol car in his
own car when he was parked you really
weren't mortal danger so their excuses
we were worried about us and the
community and the danger that these guys
posed wait so let me get this right you
were worried about the danger to the
community so you opened fire in a
parking lot in a crowded parking lot at
11:00 in the morning in front of a
Walmart and even if you thought the guy
looked suspicious there's three other
people in the car you opened fire into
that car gee I wonder what's more
dangerous to the community your defender
bender that you survived okay
or you opening fire and putting 30
rounds into a car with four people in it
but again what is it their life aren't
is not important the only life that
matters is the cops life and it's not
even its life they're like oh my god if
I might get a broken broken nothing no
if you if any of it is true cops a
Barstow
let's see the video but you're not
showing the video cuz you're liars and
one day we are gonna see the video
because some courts gonna make you show
us the video and you know what it's
gonna show that you are no danger
that maybe maybe maybe you could have
gotten a hangnail as you moved your car
like this you wanted to fire the guns
you wanted a fire and you're taught to
fire them oh my god slight danger 1% 1%
danger let's murder everybody in sight
oh look they're unarmed black people
what a coincidence that's what happens
in this country it happens all the time
the lawyer for the family mentioned
something that I thought was interesting
so the shooting happened on April 5th
and the police department decided to
release the vehicle back to the family
that bullet-ridden vehicle the vehicle
is evidence right you would think that
the vehicle should be used as evidence
in a case because this seems like it
seems like on its face excessive force
but I my interpretation of all of this
is we don't need we don't need the
evidence you guys can have the car back
it's not that big of a deal you know we
don't really need to invest you know
because they're not gonna what are they
doing press charges against them or
anyone else in the car no because they
didn't do anything wrong and I I don't
know if it's their way of tainting the
evidence by giving it back so that when
the if the family sues or whatever
they're like oh well we can't tell cuz
they had the car maybe they put it in I
don't know whereas if you kept it at
police headquarters it would still be a
chain of evidence that you could use so
all right but can we show the video the
family took a video of the vehicle after
the police department gave it to them
take a look so yeah okay where's the
giant crash I mean where's the so
there's a little dent right there you
saw the little does Jesus okay now I see
the bullet holes but where's good I mean
if the cops lives were in danger there
must have been a gigantic dent in the
car as they smashed into the patrol car
putting their life in danger right it
was a slight that I've gotten way worse
dents in parking lots you saw it in the
beginning in the in the front there's a
little fender bender
yeah and that's they murdered that guy
and a shot for they shot into a car with
four people because of a fender bender
and by the way I want to be right there
right there that's
that's it okay but I also want to be
absolutely clear about something
we have absolutely no evidence that the
scratches at the front of the car were
caused by what the police allege right
let us see the surveillance let us see
your body cam footage let us see some
footage some evidence that it I mean
I've had scratches on my car from all
sorts of things that could have been
damage caused by some other you know
previous situation and so the biggest
issue here is of course the loss of
someone's life but the second biggest
issue is the lack of transparency from
this Police Department tell us what
happened be clear about it prove that he
served as an imminent threat and another
thing that I want to mention is that if
someone is deemed a threat because
they're in a vehicle and you consider
that vehicle a weapon that could kill
someone or hurt someone is it really a
good idea to shoot and kill the driver
as he's operating that vehicle because
then the vehicle would be out of control
and more likely to hurt someone not less
likely right it's not that it's that you
were told whatever you do be a coward
and just murder these people so I just
want to be clear the two real issues
number one is racism they see a black
guy they're suspicious I'm not gonna
bother to check that it's his cousin's
car I'm not gonna bother to check that
he's not a robber I'm not gonna ask him
any questions what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna shoot into his car and kill him
okay and the and by the way like you
want to know what white privileges you
go to a Walmart and you don't get
murdered by the cops
that's why privilege so in this case
he's in a parking lot of Walmart gets
killed John Crawford in Ohio he picked
up a toy gun they they're selling at
Walmart cuz it's a toy and he was gonna
buy it and somebody reported in oh my
god black god with a gun cops came and
didn't ask him any questions shot him
within two seconds killed him within six
shot him dead not hey are you shopping
hey what what is it a toy is it not a
toy who are you what are you doing here
they're like black guy shoot him dead
shoot him dead so when you go to a
Walmart and you buy a toy gun or you're
sitting in the parking lot nobody comes
and kills you that's white privilege so
understand what that term means
okay now the second issue is the the
trained cowardice of police officers
across the country
so these slowly rolling cars get fired
into all the time in Texas last year an
officer fired a rifle into a car full of
teenagers and killed one of them
u.s. Park Police officers shot and
killed 25 year-old but John geyser and
Virginia last year his car was rolling
away from them for a third time though
you didn't listen to a cop they're
suspecting a police officers the number
one crime in America even though it's
actually not illegal in any books but no
your car is rolling away from me it's
slow what am I gonna do of me shouldn't
kill you you disrespected me a little
bit in a st. Louis area in Jack near
jack-in-the-box in the year 2000 a car
again three of the cops there's 13 cops
there say that it was rolling slowly the
other 10 cars say 10 cops they wasn't
moving at all
what'd they do it they fired into the
car and you get the point
at least now here look at this Oh at
least 193 or the fatal police shootings
tracked by The Washington Post since the
start of 2015
featured officers firing into a moving
vehicle that's just since 2015 they shot
in the cars a hundred and ninety three
times y ou car could be a weapon hey I
got taught that it could be a weapon and
I should never ever ever ever take any
risk because my life is worth a billion
citizens lives just shoot and kill the
citizen and be done with it and later
will exonerate you we won't even bother
prosecuting you we won't show the video
and and we'll all move on with our lives
well you're not moving on we're all
pissed and we got a right to be pissed
that we got a right to have our cops
respect our lives and not go around
shooting into our cars before they ask
questions if you like The Young Turks
you'll love Young Turks membership TYT
Network comm sighs joy
