now joining me is Steve low is it low
Steve that the pronunciation only your
last name yes it's low because the
campaign slogan is aim high boat low all
right I already like this guy Steve
you're running a South Carolina's fifth
district and is it true that you are in
fact a clown yes I am a I've been a
professional circus clown for about
thirty years
went to Ringling Brothers Barnum &
Bailey Clown College which was actually
more difficult to get into the Dartmouth
and ya worked for the Ringling Brothers
Circus worked in Japan for a circus over
there for many years and worked yeah and
been a children's entertainer for thirty
years so for all those years you worked
with human and animal performers is that
correct
everybody everybody from around the
world we have two dogs that we trained
ourselves my wife is Japanese we trained
those dogs and work them in the show and
everything yeah my friends are all
different kinds of people and yeah well
then I think there's some chance you're
gonna fit into Congress really well oh
yeah well you know they're the worst
clowns I've ever seen in my entire life
and everybody says Washington's like a
circus let me tell you Ringling Brothers
Barnum and Bailey Circus was the most
well-run efficient machine as far as
loaning in loading it out doing the show
unbelievably efficient we actually a
little trivia for you
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey
Circus taught the US government before
World War Two how to load and unload the
flat cars so we were actually
responsible for the war effort for part
that part of the war effort yeah
so that's fascinating I didn't know that
and for literally for 30 years you were
going city to city on the trains and
loading and unloading and setting up the
circus well for about seven years for
Ringling Brothers Barnum and Bailey
Circus three years for kinoshita circus
in Japan and then
in the last 10 years I was doing an
anti-bullying school show all over
Eastern North Carolina that was
sponsored by McDonald's and yeah that
was a wonderful wonderful thing
and got to meet a lot of wonderful
teachers and kids and that's why I'm
such a big proponent I don't have any
kids of my own but I'm fighting for
everybody else's kids did you ever play
Ronald McDonald's oh well I worked with
Ronald McDonald in some of the parades
and stuff I had to I had to set up and
tear down so I'm very well familiar with
the character yeah like a personal
assistant okay I love it and and I love
how you you're not running away from me
you're running to it that's my style I
can't get enough of that in fact Steve's
website is clown for congress.com but
but I want people to understand that
it's a serious campaign because your
positions are well I'm biased I think
they're great
so and and you do you have democratic
opponents in the primary or no yes I
have one there there are a couple other
opponents that don't have as much money
you know but there's one particular
opponent that is very annoying and it's
one of the reasons that I decided to run
he's at Goldman Sachs multi-millionaire
he's one of the guys who helped create
the whole tax thing where they can hide
money overseas and hide it from Uncle
Sam so he's saying that he's running as
a progressive Democrat
right so that kind of ticks me off I
went to Dartmouth I went to school with
a lot of people I was there while Laura
Ingraham was there I went to school with
a lot of people that went to work for
Goldman Sachs and investment banks and
those people are not doing and they're
nice people but they're not doing it to
help poor people they're doing it to
make rich people richer and when I was
in the circus actually if you'd like to
see this
I played I'm trying to hold this up for
the camera okay you see oh you can't see
a penny oh yeah there you go
yeah that's me as mr. moneybags in the
clown car I heard you say mr. moneybags
the other night right yeah and that's
that's me
at Ringling Brothers Circus playing a
character like a Goldman Sachs
millionaire moneybags that's funny so
it's mr. moneybags versus mr. moneybags
and and your opponent is someone you
might run into in a circus then he's
like a magician he makes money disappear
yeah that goes offshore and all of a
sudden they're not paying taxes on it
exactly so and then in the general
election you are up against Ralph Norman
who's a Republican who took Mick
Mulvaney seat so any look so that's a
pretty Republican district then I take
it
what's your battle plan for being able
to beat a Republican in that district
okay after I beat the Goldman Sachs
millionaire I'm gonna beat the real
estate millionaire who inherited his
millions from his daddy and Trump
supporters actually I grew up with guns
I you know I grew up playing football
and everything so I can talk to
conservative people as people you know
and that's I got a letter from a trump
supporter if you'll indulge me for a
minute I can read this letter okay Steve
I am nowhere near your district and a
trump republican and in my opinion we
need more people like you in Congress
your 30 years was a circus traveling
this great country of ours gives you
what I call real-world experience and
I'm sure put you in touch with everyday
real-life Americans now here's the good
part I agree that we need Medicare for
all and reasonable gun laws I'm sure we
would differ greatly on how to get there
but that's what makes this country great
all that said good luck I truly believe
we need more people with real life
experience running our government I'm
not a wealthy man and I don't donate
money to any candidates ever my donation
is well wishes and a pat on the back go
Steve and keep all those wonderful and
diverse people you have met in your
thoughts at all times
anywhere you go people are people and
want the same things in life do what's
right for them and that's what I'm
trying to do and that's what I can do
better than anybody in this race so ad
is here Democratic opponent agree that
we should go for Medicare for all though
he does not okay okay so I know you're
animated by the fight for 15 and so why
that issue in particular well like I was
telling you I was sponsored by
McDonald's the last 10 years and I
traveled all over Eastern North Carolina
I spent a lot of time in those kitchens
doing publicity events and things as an
assistant and I got to meet a lot of the
hardest-working people that I've ever
seen in my life and I'm fighting for
those people and I can't out raise money
like you know I can't fight my opponent
with money but what I can do is promise
every fast-food worker McDonald's Burger
King KFC Taco Bell Long John Silver will
even bring Zaxby's alone
chick-fil-a I can promise all those
workers that I will fight for you
because I've seen those kitchens I've
been in there those people are wonderful
people we did a PR buying backpacks for
kids to go back to school right down in
Fayetteville the air conditioner was
broken so it was like 90-something
degrees in there just sweating buckets
but they had school supplies and
backpacks and you know what the managers
of that Fayetteville McDonald's had
pooled their money to buy those school
supplies for those children
those are the kind of people that work
in fast-food and McDonald's everywhere
they're the salt of the earth and I love
those people and it's a clown I did a
lot of birthday parties and let me tell
you brother
poor people tip you better and treat you
nicer than any rich person I've ever met
my entire life ask any performer
anywhere in the world they'll tell you
the same wow that is interesting
all right last so my plan is to mobilize
all of those workers get them to text
each other and we'll just out vote all
the rich people tell them all say hey
man we got a guy that's gonna fight for
us and go to the finish line so we need
your vote register by May 12th book in
the June 12th primary well it's it's
hard to forget your website like I said
clown for Congress at least is super
easy to to spread around and have a go
viral
we're gonna put up all the links
including for volunteers and donations
down below in the description box on
YouTube in comment section on Facebook
so Steve one last question for you about
policy you say you want a new Marshall
Plan for America what does that mean
that means we need to rethink how we are
investing all of our money just like we
rebuilt Europe it's time to trim the
defense budget a little bit and invest
in America I mean rebuilding our schools
paying our teachers what they deserve
let's say the fight for 15 raising the
minimum wage a jobs program to maybe
hire some of these young kids that need
something to do to keep them out of
trouble maybe they can rebuild or
refurbish houses I volunteer for Habitat
for Humanity
something like that so people can get
out there learn some job skills like and
that's what I mean by that a jobs
program so when they go high with donors
you need to go low in South Carolina
with with everybody texting each other a
boat doesn't cost any money all right
well spread the word Steve Lowe thank
you for joining us at rebel headquarters
you are undoubtedly a unique candidate
and and yes
a clown we could finally get behind
thank you thank you all right good to
see you Jake
all right good to see you
