Kris Kobach is one of the most
anti-immigrant politicians in America
Donald Trump's a huge fan of course he's
from Kansas and he apparently like his
colleague Donald Trump does not really
like to follow the rule of law so that
has gotten him in some trouble today and
and let me take you to Sam Libby's
reporting at HuffPost on this one he
says a Kansas federal judge ruled
Wednesday that Kansas secretary of state
Kris Kobach was in contempt of court
for failing to follow her order to
register voters who had signed up to
vote at the DMV but had failed to
present proof of citizenship now if your
Secretary of State in your state you
might want to follow a judge's orders
that's pretty well first of all if
you're anybody yeah I don't know if you
know this but in our country you have to
follow a judge's orders but Republicans
they don't really care about the rule of
law they attack law enforcement like FBI
they attack judges over and over again
and and oftentimes don't listen to them
so that's the same case in Kansas well
that's gonna have consequences
so Robison the judge here told Kovac to
make sure those voters were fully
registered Kovac assured her that he
would and that he would send out
postcards to any affected voter so what
he wanted to do was bar some people from
voting and his trick for doing that was
all right now you've got to show me that
you're a citizen now do you care around
citizenship papers with you because they
had passed a law that you can get
registered at the DMV when you're
getting your license it makes it easier
so more people can register to vote and
participate in democracy that's a good
thing here he wanted to make it harder
yeah when I went to the DMV to get my
license
I didn't bring my passport and bring my
person to me did you guys right and he
knows they're not gonna bring it he's
trying to make sure that they don't get
the vote that just says you can't do
that so for all the people you already
barred you had to send him a postcard he
tells the judge when he's in court oh
sure yeah yeah I'll do that and inform
them they actually can bowed and and
straighten out the process did he
actually do it of course not so more
than a year and a half later the
American Civil Liberties Union which is
representing the
voters who challenged the Kansas law
father motioned old Kovac in contempt
saying he had failed to send out the
postcards and update the country's
election manual to reflect Robinson's
2016 order and he was held in contempt
Robinson imposed sanctions on Kovac on
Wednesday saying he had to pay the ACLU
for attorney fees and that any further
remedial measures would be decided when
she ruled on the merits of the case mmm
remedial measures for Kris Kobach that
sounds really good so looking forward to
that and I love that this right wing has
to go pay the lawyers at the ACLU now
let me give you count moral context
Robinson wrote that quote even if
instances of non-citizens voting cause
indirect voter dissonant ramp
disenfranchisement by diluting the votes
of citizens such instances pale in
comparison for the number of qualified
citizens who have been disenfranchised
by this law so the argument that CoBank
and the Republicans were making is well
if you have a whole bunch of people
rushing into the DMV that are not
citizens and they get to vote well that
dilutes everybody else's vote which were
legitimate okay that's an interesting
point so let's look at the numbers are
they really diluting the vote is it a
major problem or is the problem actually
barring the legitimate voters from
voting so here is the numbers the
evidence shows only three instances in
Kansas where non-citizens voted in a
federal election between 1995 and 2013
and about fourteen non-citizens
attempted to register during that time
three in a huge span of time about eight
nine years span of time three that's it
in this one case alone here I'll give
you this these numbers the court noted
that the magnitude of harm caused by
18,000 372 applicants and motor vehicle
officers who were denied registration so
she's saying in order to see if you
might get one non citizen who is
registering to vote and
simply speaking it would likely be zero
especially to pool that limited but they
wanted it to be larger but let's say
it's one I mean there was only three in
from 95 to 2013 let's say in this year
there's a rash of non-citizens trying to
vote and there's one so in order to make
sure that that one or I'll grant you all
three okay the three are going to vote
you did not allow 18 thousand three
hundred and seventy two legitimate
citizens to not vote to not get
registered and block their ability to
vote later looks like that doesn't make
any sense you're doing the
disenfranchisement that's exactly right
guys this story it's fun that Kris
Kobach say we get punished he's a really
bad guy very against immigrants he
claims undocumented immigrants but now
the Republicans are showing their true
colors they're also against what they
call chain migration that's just
families immigrating here legally
they're also against legal immigrants
but but the more important point is that
the Republicans don't want you to vote
they don't want people to get registered
this whole idea that oh my god is this
big voter fraud is a giant scam it's to
make sure that they can block as many
people as possible from voting because
they think the more people that vote the
more the Democrats have an advantage the
less people who vote the Republicans
have an advantage that's been true for
decades
Paul Wyrick talked about it back in 1980
said I don't want people to vote if
you're a Republican you want people to
vote less the voters that exist already
are on our side and all we're doing is
losing those voters so don't let new
people register and that is exactly what
the Republicans have been doing so if
you're genuine if you're a genuine it is
a matter if you're progressive or
independent even if you're a genuine
conservative and you actually care about
democracy you care about our country you
care about our Constitution you know
that more people are getting the door
slammed in their face who are actual
citizens and and that this is not the
voter fraud is not the real issue you
can see it in the numbers the real issue
is not letting people vote and I know
that they get to do propaganda on Fox
News and and that wins over some
people because they don't know the
reality and they don't know the numbers
but when you go into a court of law you
actually have to prove your case and
they can't the numbers show that they
are not being honest they're
disingenuous and now the law is coming
down on Kris Kobach and that is a great
day in America you just watch the video
by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
