Ryan Griffith the intercept bringing a
story about a race in California one of
the candidates is Josh Buettner
he is running as a Democrat that's in
Duncan Hunter's seat and running against
him is a mark compliment jar he's been
on the program we'll get to him in a
second but Josh's story is interesting
one here so apparently Buettner
certified with the California Secretary
of State that he had no party preference
since 2008 and Grimm has uncovered that
that is not true
so there is several layers to this story
it turns out that he his filing said
that he registered as a Democrat in 2016
only four months before his bid for
Congress in in reality he did not vote
in any elections either primary general
between 2010 and 2016 and in 2012 he
switched his voter registration status
from Republican to no party preference
so and in 28 2008 presidential campaign
he voted in the Republican primary and
that in the general so now first layer
is that he apparently was not truthful
to the California Secretary of State
that's a significant problem and the
second layer to the story is that he was
a Republican until very recently so I
want everybody to be clear just because
you're a Republican once doesn't mean
I'm gonna count you out or than anyone
should now it's easy for me to say that
because I used to be a Republican so I
don't want you to specific me or anyone
else who comes over the right side of
the issues and and has an awakening or
sees what the Republican Party's up to
but I left the Republican Party decades
ago and but even if you left yesterday
god bless your heart and come on over
and vote for the right side to me that's
not the biggest issue I think the
biggest issue is the
pratik party and who they support
because it's not the first time this is
happening it's happening in many
different races they are supporting
Buettner as opposed to a Mar company jar
who actually has raised more money than
either Buner or the incumbent Republican
Duncan Hunter junior in that race so
competent jurors raised seven hundred
and twenty five thousand dollars all
from small donors he's a just Democrat
so he doesn't take any corporate PAC
money Buettner was a ton of business and
and Democratic Party help has raised
five hundred ninety nine thousand
dollars and hunters raise six hundred
seventy-one thousand so why and in
common a jar as a ton of volunteers has
all the momentum but but part of the
problem here is in the California you
have run offs where the top two
vote-getters regardless of party goes
into the general election and if a bunch
of Democrats split the vote in that
district which is more heavily
Republican historically you might have
two Republicans that are that advanced
so that that's an issue but that's the
Democrats look at that and go alright
then we should let the guy who's almost
a Republican run and not the guy who has
a ton of grassroot support and has and
you said the biggest thing for Democrats
is normally money right but company
jurors raise more money like ah but it's
small donors we don't like small Duras
that's insane that's insane it makes
them more competitive and it means that
he has a real base of support that's why
you'll excuse us if d-triple-c in the
Democratic Party we think that what
you're supporting isn't a better chance
of winning it's actually more corruption
that you want them to take the corporate
PAC money you want them to use the ER
lobbyists etc so it's the same in
Buettner schist but they also support
joseph cops er in Texas 21st
congressional district these are all
people who were just Republicans and
switched over to become Democrats and
Democratic parties like yes Republican
light yes and they've got a lot of money
and they've got a lot of corporate PACs
supporting them in that same 21st
district in
in Texas you got mighty Mary Wilson she
already beat someone on a run off that
at $800,000 she had $40,000 and they
keeps throwing one pro corporate
candidate after another after Mary
Wilson but she will not give in and
she's leading again and and you should
look into or we'll have all the links
for Company John and Mary Wilson down
below if you're watching this later on
youtube or on facebook but here we go
virginia's second congressional district
the party has chosen basically elaine
Lauria she voted for her own Republican
opponent not once but twice
so progresses look at that and go no no
no no no don't do that the Democratic
Party looks at that and goes yes someone
takes corporate PAC money and is this
close to being a Republican and has
voted for Republicans very very recently
including your own opponent what are you
guys doing California's 39th district
you've got Gil Cisneros he's a Navy
veteran and all the Democrats love
veterans and it's okay and there's a lot
of great veterans running but we can
have a whole range of folks running and
you should look for grassroots support
rather than all their pro military their
pro corporations their pro Republicans
anyway he registered as a Democrat in
2015 so if you were a Republican a
minute ago the Democratic Party's gonna
love you why don't you support real
progressives so if they're not gonna do
it as of course as always I'm asking you
guys to do it I believe these small
dollar donors can make a huge difference
they are in the company jar racing
continue to do that will put their links
down below to help these guys and and
the Democratic Party you can see where
their loyalties lie and it is not with
progressives and that is what's so
deeply frustrating
