cardi be the musical artist and a rapper
has been making some political
statements lately that have made me
change my personal opinion on her I was
not a fan of cardi B before but I do
agree with her on a number of issues and
now it turns out that our very own
senator Bernie Sanders is also in
agreement with her and it has everything
to do with the issue of Social Security
so let's start with what cardi B had
said about Social Security she had
mentioned that FDR one of her favorite
former presidents was the real make
America great again president because if
it weren't for him
older Americans wouldn't get Social
Security all right she's aware of that I
love that and I love that she's drawing
attention to that now Bernie Sanders saw
that retweeted her and said the
following cardi B is right this is
amazing like this is the most amazing
story I've ever covered in my my 11
years at TYT is right because cardi B
okay anyway cardi B is right if we are
really going to make America great we
need to strengthen Social Security so
that seniors are able to retire with a
dignity day deserve I'm gonna open it up
to you guys okay
so my son I play this game of who would
beat who he's seven years old so that's
his favorite thing we good wrestlers
cars and we got the presidents and so
who would win in an election George
Washington or Abraham Lincoln oh that's
good oh we're having a lot of fun and
but no one can beat FDR because he won
four times yeah and in that time polio
well he lasted a long time and sound
someone of real time but no in all
seriousness and in that time he did
amazing things and you know we talked
about how he led us through World War
two and they have nothing to fear but
fear itself but the last thing
difference that he made is is not talked
about enough and that happens too often
with progressive presidents who brought
a lot of change so there's nonstop talk
about how Ronald Reagan said mr.
Gorbachev tear down this wall we were
supposed to go oh my god I'm scared I'm
tearing down a wall that's actually not
true it's a nice speech right but that's
not the actual events that led to the
tearing of the down of the wall whereas
FDR actually did pass Social Security
and that made a giant difference we had
hungry people in the streets before that
and now older Americans have peace of
mind have some safety net that has
rescued their lives it is it's the most
popular program there is let alone the
fact that fascists back in the day we're
trying to in FDR skiis literally tried
to plan a coup against them and in that
case it was business interests and they
thought he was a traitor to his class
because he was rich and and he wasn't
looking out for other rich people and he
constantly looked out for the poor the
middle class the underprivileged and and
in a lot of ways built the country that
we know and love today
if those business interests back then
had won it'd be a totally different
country that was the turning point in
America and of course there's been
others of quite obviously civil war etc
but he there's the strength and and the
accomplishments of FDR cannot be
understated so good on you car DB
whoever you are on the heels of on the
heels during it throughout the Great
Depression on the heels of something
that was the direct consequence of
capitalism run amok you know the fall of
the bank system and all of that that
created all that disorder and the
solution being like let's look out for
people why don't we why doesn't the
government kind of step in because
everyone in the business sector was
allowed to have their shot at it and it
really went awry yeah okay so the only
comment I wanted to make was that you
have to understand a history that I've
had with cardi B and not many people
know about this we've had a tumultuous
relationship yeah I remember yeah so I
party B was never on my radar until a
good friend of mine introduced me to the
song that the radio does not stop
playing the one where cardi B is making
money moves and just repeats that over
and over again and I hate that song I
hate that song more than I could
possibly hate
Wow so I haven't heard her other music
to be fair but my disdain only it was
only amplified when a yoga instructor
decided to play that song during a yoga
class and then I was like oh the world's
gone mad
anyway um but it's crazy to me that you
know she has smarter things to say than
our own president and this isn't the
only statement that she's made in regard
to politics and you know what she
believes in
she said other things recently that I
was really you know I was really
impressed by and so I should have given
her more of a shot to begin with okay I
shouldn't judge someone based on one
song and I won't do that moving forward
but again it a it's amazing that Bernie
Sanders knows who she is and be again
it's amazing that she has way smarter
things to say that our own president the
intellectual curiosity alone the fact
that she has had like this impetus this
instinct to go just research about FDR
that's not uncommon for her if you
follow her on Instagram and what now you
will see just a bunch of random things
like oh this person did my dance move or
took a photo wearing the same thing that
I'm wearing that's the one kind and then
it'll just be a random diatribe like
this being like I don't understand why
FDR didn't start more programs why I
took so many years until the Great
Society he was like what are you talking
about it's amazing and and I think if
you hang out yeah listen she does what
she has to do to sell records that's
true you know and sometimes she just has
to go not nun and a nun is 50 times yeah
yeah yeah with different words but she
does it 50 times so by the way I see
whoever you are is not as a any kind of
comment on cardi B but on a comment on
me yeah
birdies more in touch than I am anyway
but for all I know about her is she's
saying smart things about politics so
bless her heart and I'm gonna add one
more thing about Social Security before
I make one more goofy comment so group
psych p triple c a progressive change
campaign committee have been pushing for
people to fight back against the idea of
cutting social security and the
and I love it is to say no we should add
to social security we should actually
increase your benefits and then and
Bernie said that an Elizabeth Warren has
said that and all of a sudden it became
a thing and now we're pushing and
pulling instead of only going in one
direction so whether it's p triple c
Warren Sanders or cardi B thank you to
all of you for actually balancing the
conversation in this country if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
