back in 2013 under the Obama
administration and through the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau there was
guidance given to auto companies in
regard to auto loans now there were
numerous studies that indicated that if
you took two individuals with complete
same credit they have the same credit
score they have the same finances the
white applicant for that auto loan will
get a lower interest rate compared to
minorities who apply for that auto loan
so the Obama administration realized
okay this is problematic we have the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
who's there to protect our consumers so
we are going to issue guidance that
prevents this from happening in the
future
well senators have voted to do away with
that guidance
okay senators voted to repeal the 2013
guidance from the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau on dealer markups the
interest a dealer adds to a customer's
third-party loan as extra compensation
so to give you some more details about
what was going on prior to this guidance
the CFPB had sought to eliminate dealer
markups over concerns that black and
Latino customers were often charged
higher rates than whites with identical
credit profiles citing several analyses
including their own of auto loan data so
the hilarious part about all of this and
of course it's not actually hilarious is
that the lawmakers who voted in favor of
repealing this are arguing that they're
doing the consumers a favor oh yeah that
this regulation was really hurting the
consumer too much regulation in the way
you know why would why would the
government get in the way of higher
interest rates based on your race that
was the National Automobile Dealers
Association with the great acronym of
nada and that said that they were that's
okay area they didn't need that
regulation because they were doing
robust voluntary Fair Credit compliance
program
well corporations are usually very good
at voluntary regulation
and you know scaling back anything that
could be harmful to consumers they're
really good at self-regulate so let me
ask you guys something put we're gonna
get to the racial issue second piece but
even without the racial issue these car
dealerships add an interest rate on top
of the car that you're getting would you
rather make sure the government is
looking out for you to make sure the car
dealership is not screwing you or have
no regulation at all and assume that the
car salesman and the car dealers would
have a robust fair system to look out
for their customers really anybody in
America I mean I don't care how
Republican you are you really all known
up the guys at the car dealerships are
wonderful human beings and they would
never ever extra put extra charges on my
car I mean the idea they would deeply
offend them it's not to say that people
work at car dealerships are bad people
but they like to add charges on top of
the car and if you're not on them like a
hawk they'll do it in a second what does
it call putting you together
yeah when when you get a bad deal on a
car you got put together okay now let's
go the racial thing so now this there's
been a number of studies they show same
credit score so it's indisputable and
and they go no but I'm gonna charge
blacks and Latinos more by the way if
you're wondering why is it just cuz they
hate black people oh that's a black guy
let's charge it more no it's the
subconscious stereotypes that are in
their head and you might say I'm being
too kind but I'm telling you that in a
best-case scenario and they think oh
it's a black guy he's not as trustworthy
it's a Latino he's not as trustworthy he
might not pay me back so I'm gonna have
to charge him more interest now actually
it doesn't make any sense this is credit
profile is the same exact as the white
guy on average in these studies right
and and by the way it doesn't mean that
all the races have the same credit
profiles it means when they look at guys
with the same credit scores and the same
credit profiles the minorities are
charged higher interest rates so now we
know this for a fact
and the congressmen know this for a fact
the senators do and they go yeah yeah go
ahead do that yeah let's go charge the
minorities more I don't see what the
problem is well look the they of course
they know what the problem
but they're looking out for their donors
as they often do and this is not a story
that is getting a lot of play right now
so yeah we're gonna cover it print
journalism covers it
but the vast majority of Americans are
not gonna know about what's happening
with the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau under the Trump administration it
is not an issue that gets talked about
right now economic stories don't do well
right and the reason why I'm bringing
that up is because a storm is brewing
right an economic storm is brewing Nomi
Prins is coming out with a book pretty
soon called collusion has nothing to do
with Russia has everything to do with
these central banks and how the
financial collapse in 2008 should have
essentially taken some of the power away
from these big banks but actually the
banks are more powerful than ever before
and Americans are grappling with more
debt than ever before this kind of stuff
this type of deregulation will further
exacerbate the debt that Americans have
again we're gonna have another financial
meltdown you should check out that
interview I'm gonna interview her next
week but it's it's scary to know what's
going to happen and Anna's absolutely
right well no one's paying attention
because they're looking at the last mean
tweet of Donald Trump not only their
problems but a lot of the Democrats are
thinking great time to cash in on my on
the donors here cuz though nobody's
minding the store so they're looting the
place in this case joe Manchin of course
voted with the Republicans you should
support his opponent Paula Jean
Swearengen I go find out about her they
are gonna have a primary soon because
they're Democrats tell me no but you
need Joe Manchin you need them to do
what to rob blacks and Latinos and make
sure they get higher interest rates
because he wants to prove how Republican
he is no no thank you I don't need them
for that and then on they just stripped
away the Volcker rule or they voted to
in the house you know I mean Democrats
joined about 78 join the Republicans why
cuz they get the money from the same
banks find that dough doubt those
Democrats that list right there is
exactly who your corrupt establishment
Democrats are and when they think you're
distracted by Donald Trump they're
sneaking in and going what can i loot
for my donors so the vocal rule was
meant to protect US consumers
the abuse of the banks now they're
trying to take that away so the banks
can do more gambling with our money
that's right so whether it's the cars
it's the bank's the Republicans are
looting the place and some Democrats are
get 'le helping them that's right
and so the senators have voted in favor
of doing away with this type of
regulation it has to pass the house and
it's very likely to do so obviously
Republicans have complete control over
the house nearly complete control and
Trump already said that he is willing to
sign anything that they come up with so
so blacks and Latinos first of all all
of us to be care what a car dealership
they can do anything they want they want
to put you together right
or perhaps they will have robust
fairness in mind for you but especially
for blacks and Latinos they are now
allowed to rip you off and charge you
higher rates than anyone else for no
reason at all and the government that's
supposed to represent you will not have
your back if you want to get the whole
young turks show every single day become
a member TYT Network comm slash join and
once you do you'll be saying get home
like a smart person or you might say I
think it's weird or you might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me TYT
Network comm slash joy
