in an epic Trump ass-kissing contest
nearly a dozen House Republicans are
calling on Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions
Attorney General Jeff Sessions to
prosecute eight of trumps political foes
so this is pathetic
and there should never be an attempt to
go after any one's political enemies
with prosecution but that's what's
happening
so these House Republicans are calling
for the prosecution of the following
people let's take a look Hillary Clinton
she is still in the woods somewhere but
maybe prosecutors can find her and
conduct a you know basically an exercise
of wasting taxpayer money James Comey
Andrew McCabe Loretta Lynch Sally Yates
Dana
bhante the FBI general counsel former
FBI general counsel I believe and then
the two FBI agents that had exchanged
texts about Trump and they weren't nice
and so oh well then we gotta go after
them no lock them up the whole argument
about those FBI agents if you can
remember was that you know well they're
part of the FBI and Trump is undergoing
this witch hunt because of this whole
Russia investigation these two
individuals were after these tweets were
brought to molars attention they were no
longer part of the Russian investigation
so they have nothing to do with it the
idea of prosecuting them is ridiculous
okay so of all those people the one that
they should look and do most is I hope
you're sitting Hillary Clinton and and
I'll tell you why the damage you could
do in the woods no I'm kidding um it's
so you talk about campaign finance laws
and in regarding to steal dossier right
I don't know who paid for the steal
dossier and if it wound up helping
Hillary Clinton's campaign well that's
an interesting in uni Cartman argument
that I hadn't heard before and I'd hear
that argument out again I think Hillary
Clinton's irrelevant but that doesn't
mean that you shouldn't hold her
accountable for campaign finance
violations if she actually did them now
is that the real reason they're going
after no it's a
Donald Trump and distraction etc but of
all those that's probably the one that
where you go maybe that's something that
people should look into the rest of them
almost all nonsense I mean Jimmy Kimmel
has a segment called mean tweets on his
late-night show so Trump got some mean
text from a couple of FBI agents and now
these his Lackey brown shirts and
Congress are thinking about putting them
in prison over it and and then that the
FISA warrants those are the most
egregious ones they got a perfectly
legal FISA warrant authorized by a court
if you think I'm getting a FISA warrant
which was again on a on a presidential
campaign official like a quarter-page
you know how hard it is to get that
warrant that means they have excellent
evidence that they presented to that
court to lock those people up who've
followed the law that's basically we
just say okay now we're we're not a
democracy anymore there's a dictator in
charge any arrests anyone who's ever
disagreed with him or looked into him
and to try to make sure that he abides
by the rule of law they hate the rule of
law every one of these Republicans who
push for this they don't like our former
government they really really don't they
seem to have some level of affection for
dictatorial figures because if this is
the kind of thing that you're pushing
for and it's based on completely
baseless accusations against these
individuals then you're setting a very
dangerous precedent moving forward I
don't want anyone regardless of who's
sitting in office whether it's a
democrat or republican to go after their
political foes or their opponents with
threats of prosecution that is again a
dangerous precedent to set and also a
huge waste of our resources yeah and
look if people have broken the law we've
got to follow the law to try to hold
them accountable and I would have argue
to have done that for Bush and Cheney
and Rumsfeld for the clear violation of
the torture laws and the warrantless
wiretapping but I wouldn't have done it
randomly I wouldn't have done it because
I didn't like Bush or I think
Iraq was a debacle and hundreds of
thousand innocent civilians died but
that is within the purview of the
president so you you've got to look at
the actual facts and you've got to
actually care about the law but they
don't their instinct is just let's lock
up whoever our enemies are I mean this
is if this was 1930s Germany these guys
would have been the first wants to jump
out and go yes yes when do we lock him
up when do we round them all up and and
make sure that they can never oppose us
again because when you let authoritarian
people like this into a democracy and if
they stay long enough and that virus
builds and builds and builds
they eventually make sure that's the
last election you really have we've seen
it happen in history over and over again
and that's the instincts of these guys
and and by the way I'm gonna name them
because they they should be named yes we
have a graphic look at 18 Ron de Santos
Republican of Florida these are all
people of you should be absolutely
ashamed of if you live in their district
and should immediately vote out Andy
Biggs of Arizona Dave Brown of Virginia
Jeff Duncan Matt gates of Florida was
always on TVs the biggest brown shirt
there is both Paul Gosar of Arizona
Andy Harris Jody hice Todd Rokita
Claudia teni and of course that absolute
fool Ted Yoho in Florida who always
embarrasses himself it's not surprising
that he's among the first to find that
brown shirt in his closet what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole
two-hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you can get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
