there's a new campaign that is catching
a little bit of attention and I'm very
happy that's happening it's known as
beyond I do and it consists of couples
in the LGBTQ community who might have
gotten the right to marry one another
after the Defense of Marriage Act was
deemed unconstitutional by our Supreme
Court but they happen to live in states
where their rights are not protected
because the politicians in charge don't
really care about their rights and so
these stories are emerging and one
really caught my eye it was the story of
Jayme and Krista Contreras they live in
Michigan and apparently when they had
their daughter and when she was only six
days old they went to the doctor's
office and they had spent a considerable
amount of time picking the person they
wanted to take their daughter to they
were very picky and finally they found
the right person but once they arrived
to the doctor's office they experienced
discrimination that should not be legal
but unfortunately in this case it was so
the doctor that they had carefully
chosen knew they were lesbians and after
the first prenatal visit they were under
the impression that everything was fine
but the first thing that dr. Karim said
was I'll be your doctor I'll be seeing
you today because doctor Roy decided
this morning that she prayed on it and
she won't be able to care for BAE that's
the daughter dr. Karim told us she
didn't even come to the office that
morning because she didn't want to see
us they took their six day old daughter
to the doctor's office for a checkup and
they were turned away by the doctor that
they had chosen because she had prayed
on it and decided she didn't want to
give care to a six day old child who by
the way I don't think has a sexual
identity yet just pray that out there
yeah well because the moral position is
to not treat babies and and if you pray
on it and your God tells you hey don't
show any care to that six-day-old baby
it's possible that you're praying to a
vicious God now he that God also said a
lot of other things I mean I
gonna say it every time they know the
shellfish and abortion no but but I need
you to understand for all of you
evangelical Christians out there who
still believe it for all of you
fundamentalist Muslims and whoever else
right read your goddamn book Sheikh I'm
sorry to interrupt you um they don't
care they don't care look at who they
voted for overwhelmingly voted for
someone who was accused by multiple
women of sexual misconduct who has
children from three different women who
has said the most heinous things about
women who was on tape talking about
grabbing women by the pussy they don't
care they don't actually care about what
their Bible says all they do is hide
behind their religion to carry out the
hatred in their hearts and that is
honestly one of the saddest things about
all of this because it isn't about oh it
is my deeply held religion by the way I
don't know if this doctor is evangelical
what I do know is that she's deeply
unethical and to turn away a six day old
girl because you don't agree with the
sexual orientation of her parents is
disgusting and if I had my way she would
not be allowed to practice any type of
medicine you should not be allowed to
turn people away based on their race
their sexual orientation their gender
anything like that I just want to be
clear though the fundamentalists are
immoral absolutely so they keep saying
it about people who are rational and
decent and love each other
and but if you ever say it about them
they get so touchy no you're the immoral
person who won't treat a baby you're the
one who probably can't claims to be
pro-life but as soon as the baby has
left the womb within six days you you
won't even see it to make sure that it's
okay because you're judging her parents
know you people are deeply deeply
immoral you're a doctor you supposed to
take care of people and you say I won't
do my job
you're also a bum if you're not gonna do
your job let somebody else do it and
just retire or go be a plumber where use
at all man I'm not gonna do the plumbing
lesbians okay well at least no one's
heard you're an idiot and you'll cause
yourself business but what if the baby
had couldn't get another doctor and had
something wrong with it
and it's six days old and it's fragile
but you pray to your vicious God who
tells you to hate shrimp which you don't
pay attention you hate divorce people
which you don't pay attention to because
it's inconvenient your friends got
divorced it tells you not to masturbate
but you did that all day long it tells
you not to do birth control but you did
that too so he's like you like to Search
Search Search Search oh I found someone
to hate I found someone I hate I'm gonna
hate the gay people so don't pretend
you're moral cuz you're deeply
pathetically grossly immoral so I do
want to make one other point that should
be on everyone's radar because these
debates about religious liberty versus
civil rights keeps coming up time and
time again especially when it comes to
businesses that deny service to people
that they disagree with so if you notice
the statement from the doctor who did
see the the little girl mentioned that
she had the doctor who rejected the
parents had prayed on it right and then
months later the doctor who rejected the
little girl and refused to see her
released a statement and a non apology
to the parents and said the following
after much prayer following your
prenatal I felt that I would not be able
to develop the personal patient-doctor
relationship that I normally do with my
patients okay they keep mentioning
prayer because again that debate about
religious liberty keeps coming up and so
they know that there are certain members
of Congress that will you know stop at
nothing to protect their so-called
religious liberty or their ability to
discriminate against people as long as
they state that it's for religious
purposes so this is again it's setting a
precedent it's creating a certain type
of protection for people who wish to
discriminate and it might be all fun and
games to some people when it comes to
wedding cakes or flower arrangements but
it becomes incredibly serious when it
comes to medical care especially if you
happen to be a lesbian couple or a gay
couple living in a red state you just
watch the video by the young turks the
home of the
evolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
