police officials in Sacramento
California have released new footage
involving the shooting and the death of
Stephon Clark he was the unarmed young
black man who was shot and killed
because police had mistook him for an
individual who was burglarizing cars now
we had seen surveillance of this prior
to what the police had released but
currently we have 23 in-car camera
videos and 28 body camera videos this is
all an attempt to be as transparent as
possible with the community obviously we
can't show you all those videos but we
did find some of the more relevant
components now one of the things that
the police officials are investigating
is whether or not the cops waited too
long to issue CPR after shooting Stephon
Clark they waited about five minutes
according to reports officers waited
about five minutes before attempting
life-saving CPR they also had handcuffed
him prior to doing CPR now according to
reports they approached him as soon as
was safely practical by the way this is
from a police training expert from what
I am seeing and hearing the officers in
my opinion exercised good tactical
decision making
I read you that quote because again it
comes from a police training expert and
gives you a sense of how these police
are trained now with that said I want to
show you a series of videos let's take a
look at the first one this essentially
shows them waiting after shooting and
killing Stephan Clark police tomorrow
can you hear us we need to know if
you're okay we need to get you medics
but we can't go over and get you help
unless we know you're you're gonna have
your weapon
he put it out he put it out of it sir
can you move can you hear us okay so
this is exactly what we've been telling
you guys the training is all wrong
so that so-called training expert says
they did it perfectly that's doing it
well that's doing it well sir can you
move
no because you shot him it's obvious
that he's unconscious
so I grant you that there is a small
percentage chance that he's faking it
what's a percentage chance that he's
faking it 1% maximum 5 percent you saw
the video right what is the percentage
chance that you could save his life
if you responded immediately what he
appears to be unconscious and bleeding
out if you didn't wait the 5 minutes as
he's bleeding out the chance of saving
his life could be fairly high of course
it's impossible to know in that specific
case but this happens all across the
country could we save 25 percent of
those people's lives 50 percent of their
lives but what the cops are taught is
your life is worth so much more than the
guy you shot the guy's life that you
shot is not at all that important I mean
God forbid though he should instead of
being unconscious and bleeding to death
as it appears maybe it's a giant bear
trap so don't take 1% of 1% chance let
him just die so I don't know why anybody
surprised we've seen it in video after
video after video the cops are taught to
let us die so that's the training and
then afterwards of training expert says
Bravo way to let him die right there in
the street and actually to be more
accurate sorry in his own backyard
it was his own backyard he was living
with his grandmother and again he was
not the person in burglarizing anyone's
car he also did not have a gun he had a
cell phone and cops assumed that that
was a gun and
by the way you should watch the original
video where we show you how the shooting
unfolded because there were very few
questions asked he had run away from the
cops they approached him and he ran into
the back yard and cops you know they
didn't fire their weapon one time there
wasn't one or two bullets involved there
were dozens of bullets involved and the
reason why I'm pointing that out to you
is because any reasonable human being
would know after firing your weapon
dozens of times it's likely that he was
shot and it's likely that he is dead
right you don't need to wait five
minutes to approach him and see if
there's any possibility you could save
as it seems right it drives me crazy
that we have conversations about whether
he did a burglar or not do a burglary
and it will oftentimes well at some
point he might do it once again in
school detention for smoking pot after
you executed him you're not supposed to
execute people who did burglaries even
if he had done it and have you ever been
in your backyard with a cell phone my
guess is yes I've been in my backyard
many times with a cell phone
well if cops come in and you happen to
be black and if boy it god help you if
you're in a poor area or if you're black
in a rich area and in your backyard with
a cell phone that apparently is caused
to not only shoot you but to make sure
that they don't say real I can you move
no he can't move because you just shot
him okay so we have a few more videos
that I want to show you let's take a
look at the next video and it features
an officer mentioning that he could be
faking it
pretending but just in case yeah that's
it that right there is the essence of
what we teach cops these days make sure
that you're a coward and just in case
just just just just just in case he
might have a nail file on my on him or
something
make sure that he dies and then when you
get there and he's bled out for five
minutes cuz you won't do CPR on him Hank
of him first just in case you get a
hangnail or something just in case a cop
would ever be in slightest much danger
let him die let him die let him die
that's what we trained him and then we
tell them Bravo afterwards then we get
surprised hey why do we have a problem
in America because the citizens are not
enjoying getting murdered we're not
enjoying it and what we say black lives
matter dig I know blue lives matter you
already taught him that you already
taught him that the only thing that
matters was cops lives so I'm not at all
surprised by this and it's gonna happen
too in your neck of the woods too so I
wanted to also bring up another
component of the story that should
concern people because although the cops
were wearing body cameras in multiple or
throughout these videos they kept muting
the cameras so you couldn't hear any
audio so the reason why I bring that up
is because why if you are doing
everything right and you're following
protocol and you have no reason to hide
anything no reason to be guilty why do
you keep muting your mic so the Los
Angeles Times report I'm sorry
Huffington Post reports that both sets
of video show officers muting their body
cameras the police department issued new
guidelines
earlier this month following the first
video release allowing officers to mute
body cameras only if they're talking to
a doctor nurse or paramedic or when
working with sexual assault or rape so
they're also required to explain on the
recording why they're about to mute or
deactivate the camera and so obviously
none of those specific cases applied
when it came to this shooting this new
policy occurred after the shooting
because I'm guessing the police
department realized well they're muting
their cameras this is a problem people
are going to be suspicious about that
look we're dehumanizing
cops too so a normal human being
rushes in to save that guy but we
trained them to not have normal human
reaction we trained them but that's not
a person there don't worry about it
don't worry about it god forbid that
anything should happen to you that guy's
life is not at all important so let him
die let him bleed let him bleed let him
bleed and then go handcuff him to add
insult to injury and keep yelling hey
are you okay are you okay
look I'm not saying that those cops
there were particularly cruel or
terrible people I'm not saying that cops
are by definition natural cowards of
course not they're human beings we
trained it into them we trained fear
into them we train them to be cowards
and we trained them to not have human
reactions we trained them to not care
about our lives that is deeply
concerning there are cops everywhere
they're supposed to protect us instead
they have been taught to not give a damn
about our lives said it before it's a
society thing right sorry I'm cops are
members of society then they go to work
and put on the bulletproof vests and the
hat and the gun and the equipment and
then they're cops so a whole society we
do those things I feel like I'm this
deja vu what did the studies about how
teachers punish a kid in second grade if
it's a black kid they think that they
see them as like a 13 year old or
something like that so then when cops
who were just other parts of society
shoot people they go well he must be
pretending because you know he's black
he's got these superpowers they're
stronger than the normal human being so
if I shoot him 12 times he's just not
dead yet because there's superpowers
they have these creatures that just
they're so strongly scare me every day I
want the lady in Starbucks that called
cops on the guys that are sitting
awaiting for a friend
she's a lady in Starbucks and she was
and became a cop she just being other
lady used to work for Starbucks they
became a cop that was given a gun to
continue with the same thought process
they must be a threat because they're
sitting here so it's it's a problem of
society and becoming a cop gives you
this extra authority to
then apply lethal force to the situation
that you were already afraid of before
you ever became a cop
of course I'm generalizing for all cops
but you know that already I should have
to keep saying that well first of all
studies bear out that that is the
reaction of most people in America let
alone cops but specifically there was a
study that we were reported on where
they show cops
pictures of in what appeared to be like
real-life situations they're doing it
obviously a model and they shoot black
guys quicker and more often than they
shoot white people if you want to get
the whole young turks show every single
day become a member TYT Network comm
/join and once you do you'll be saying
you know I'm like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops
no that won't be that one it won't be
that one it'll be great trust me
DUI tea network.com slash joy
