the opioid epidemic continues to be a
huge problem in the United States and
it's costing us hundreds of billions of
dollars so Bernie Sanders wanted to get
to the core of this issue and the core
of the issue is the drug manufacturers
and he is honestly the first politician
I've seen aggressively push for
consequences for these drug
manufacturers a lot of the consequences
by our current Justice Department have
been focused on pharmacists and health
care providers but again we need to get
to the root of the problem and senator
Sanders understands that now Ernie
Sanders says that the bill is aimed to
hold opioid manufacturers accountable
for their role in the epidemic and force
them to help pay for the crisis which
the White House Council of Economic
Advisers has estimated cost more than
five hundred billion dollars in 2015
alone so what would it do first of all
it would ban marketing that falsely
suggest an opioid does not have
addictive qualities or risks and would
find companies that are found liable for
contributing to the epidemic seven point
eight billion dollars so also companies
that violate the marketing provision
would be fine
25 percent of the profits from their
opioid products and it would create
criminal liability for top executives of
pharmaceutical companies that are found
to have contributed to the epidemic get
it now currently the legislation does
not have any co-sponsors no Republican
co-sponsors obviously and certainly no
Democratic co-sponsors either but during
an interview senator Sanders was quoted
as saying it shouldn't just be the
taxpayer that has to pay for the damage
that they did so let's talk about the
two huge upsides of this bill and then
of course the the downside of of no
cavalry for senator Sanders as usual
send in Ã¥lesund Hartson for God's sake
okay so the upsides number one what
corporations have done in mass in
America is privatizing the gains and
socialize the losses so all of us
taxpayers right to pay five hundred
billion dollars in costs why why do I
have to pay for
I didn't make any money off the opioids
did you make money off the drugs my
guess is you didn't write for the
pharmaceutical companies they made
billions upon billions of dollars and
are they going to put in money to pay
for all the costs that they created No
all the gains they take home and get
their yachts and their mansions and all
the costs it got suckers we're gonna put
it on to you hey Republicans that
pretend to care about taxpayers all
these years where are you that's half a
trillion dollars for the United States
taxpayer has to pay nope nowhere to be
found why pharmaceutical companies
number-one donors to politicians in this
country just bought them they just
bought them they bribed them that's what
they did it's legalized bribes
well Sanders is unbreathable and he
doesn't take corporate PAC money and and
he stuck to the same principles around
that's why they despise him oh he's the
most hated man in Washington why won't
you just take the bribes and do what we
all do why do you have to insist on
actually trying to represent people yeah
I don't want to pay the money I don't
wanna pay the 500 billion I didn't
create the problem let's go take their
profits Andy and by the way this is
modest they think that Bernie Sanders is
the pitchfork crowd no the pitchfork
crowd doesn't want 25% no what a hundred
percent okay you ain't seen pitchforks
yet so take the deal that he's given you
but I people in Washington are too
corrupt to do the second part that's
even better
you put one drug company executive in
prison and there won't be any problems
left you think those guys that are
making all those tens of millions
sometimes hundreds of millions of
dollars
you think they gonna risk their own ass
going to prison No
all of a sudden oh my god I just found
out that we spent sent over 20 million
pills to a town of West Virginia that
only has 3,000 people
Oh golly gee oh that oh is that illegal
is that a pill no well now when they
keep all the money and there are no
consequences they keep doing it over and
over again you put one of them prison
for knowing it and sending those pills
anyway all of a sudden oh my gotta find
out what's going to worry why are the
fuzz going where the
is going I don't to go to prison or
that'll straighten him out real quick
it's cut in this country rich people
don't go to prison they just bribe
politicians it's kind of amazing
who gets demonized in the United States
and who gets away with literal murder
right not literal murder but sixty three
thousand people died yes yes and that's
per year by the way per year and I'm not
calling it murder either but that's a
lot of dead folks with no accountability
yeah but my point is you know we go
through these new cycles where some
stories demonize the poor other stories
demonize literal children who just
experienced their peers or their
teachers get gunned down simply because
they're calling out for gun control we
demonize minorities we demonize
immigrants but we never hear you know
the mainstream media demonize
pharmaceutical companies with their
insane tax breaks with the fact that
they're able to charge us whatever they
want for their drugs and we're not
allowed to negotiate those prices
they're able to market drugs that are
addictive and can literally kill people
throughout the country tens of thousands
of people every year I mean those are
the people who are worth demonizing the
Wall Street bankers who destroyed the
economy and then got a bailout and nice
cushy bonuses I mean those are the
people that we should be focusing on and
so like the broader thing that I want to
bring up in regard to this story is that
when you see politicians like Donald
Trump or some other lowlife
arguing that we should be talking about
building a wall and hating on immigrants
they're distracting you from the real
criminals these are the real criminals
these are the people who are robbing us
who are making a ton of money not paying
their taxes and then later socializing
the losses as Jake mentioned earlier
those are the real criminal alright last
two things in this town think about why
does cable news never talk about the
drug companies and the real culprits
well just turn on cable news for a
second but only for a second and you
know what you'll see super Beta Prostate
exactly you will see non-stop drug ads
hey are you having trouble with your
penis
are you 98 years old and have trouble
with your this and your that and this
organ and that organ I've just given CNN
literally billions of dollars in
advertising you think CNN's gonna fight
the bite the hand that beat feeds them
no and then you turn to Fox News you
know who they blame it on going along
with Donald Trump the Mexicans yeah what
what are the Mexicans have to do with
pharmaceutical companies did the
Mexicans cross the border and
immediately cease drug companies okay
this doesn't have anything new with
marijuana this doesn't have anything to
do with that stuff it has to do with
legal opioids right and if anything's
first of all more legal opioids killed
more people than had then the illegal
opioids like heroin but saying of all
the heroin addiction spike he is because
it started with legal opioids that was a
gateway drug so finally the last culprit
is all of the corporate sellouts in
Congress like a perfect example Dianne
Feinstein get around get around get her
out put Allison hearts in it why look at
this case so is she gonna help Bernie
Sanders no don't cavalry of course they
asked her in a town hall are you gonna
do Medicare for all she says maybe later
you're 84 you're 84 you've been in
Congress for you've been in politics for
50 years what is later you know what she
did a week later and why I'm telling you
this story she went and raised money
from the health care companies she
doesn't represent you almost none of
these people represent you they
represent their donors they're messing
with you and they're letting them take
all the profits and all the costs are on
us and right now the one guy fighting
for us is Bernie Sanders and they wonder
why we support them they can't figure it
out that's why you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
