one day following news that a bomb was
sent to the New York home of George
Soros we have learned that a number of
other bombs have been sent to prominent
Democratic figures and also to the New
York Bureau of CNN so one of the bombs
was sent to representative Wasserman
Schultz that's debbie Wasserman Schultz
and this was confirmed by the FBI they
said that it was a suspicious package
also the New York Police Department
responded to a suspicious device
discovered in the Time Warner Center in
New York City where CNN has a bureau and
there was another package that was
addressed to former CIA director John
Brennan now luckily these packages for
the most part were intercepted through
by law enforcement or through Secret
Service there was also a device sent to
the home of the Clintons the device was
found in the mail room and it's similar
to the ones addressed to Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama and George Soros so there's
I mean it's hard to keep track there
have been so many of these packages sent
to so many people the Clintons barack
obama george soros as we had reported
yesterday former CIA director John
Brennan CNN and also representative
Wasserman Schultz so at the moment we
don't know anything about any potential
suspects but we do have some some
evidence showing that it is likely
coming from one person or at least one
group of people according to law
enforcement the initial examination
found the time warner Clinton and Soros
devices were constructed similarly at
least one of the devices appear to
contain projectiles including shards of
glass the devices are rudimentary but
functional now we have gotten some
reaction from the White House which I'll
get to in just a minute but jank jumping
okay so obviously huge speculation as to
who did it I I'm not in the camp of like
oh we shouldn't speculate until 17 weeks
later and when we discover who it is
there are logical answers here and but
of course with the caveat oh you don't
fully know
so gee I wonder who encourages violence
all the time and is there a pattern to
who it was sent I mean are we is that a
real conversation are rational
intelligent human beings having that
conversation it's there were obviously
sent the top Democrats and people
considered to be liberal boogeyman like
George Soros CNN etc and I don't think
CNN is in fact liberal at all but but
certainly the right-wing thinks that
there's now a conspiracy theory out of
course by the right-wing aided and
abetted by Rush Limbaugh FoxNews Magga
etcetera saying that oh it's obviously a
false flag operation oh great so let's
incite further violence or or you know
upset people even more and create more
division in the country I mean these
guys are just ruthless and they just
don't care they don't care about the
safety of anyone and and mind you these
bombs are being sent to people like
Barack Obama and the Clintons George
Soros do you think that they're the ones
who open the mail
I mean it's likely that someone who
works for them or a member of Secret
Service is gonna get to that package
first and then what happens if it
detonates I mean it's horrible no matter
what obviously but I mean it's just such
a ridiculous act of violence and to
share that ridiculous commentary about
how it's a conspiracy theory just
further insights people know because so
that's the look just first logically
speaking really there's a Democrat who
risked blowing up Barack Obama Hillary
Clinton George Soros etc but that was a
risk they were willing today like Iowa
because there's charts of glass and
nails and everything else now it is set
to explode I mean that most of it was
intercepted because CNN's a giant
building they Wolf Blitzer doesn't open
the mail at CNN right and and Obama
doesn't open his own mail he's a former
president right but you think a Democrat
was gonna take the chance of blowing up
those people I mean what a preposterous
thing to say and the only reason they
say it is because of politics and plus
they know that their own followers are
all conspiracy theorists so they're all
glorified Alex Joneses so they say what
why not
so who
likely did it obviously a right-wing
extremist very very very likely did it
okay because of who the targets are it's
not complicated
so let's not have a childish
conversation about who is inciting this
violence so on the one hand you have the
left-wing
who is being called a mob non stop on
Fox News for practicing their First
Amendment rights and calling out
politicians when they're in public
spaces some people have gone a little
too far as we've talked about you know
the situation with Mitch McConnell where
someone threw his leftovers into the
sidewalk but as far as I'm concerned you
can't equate throwing someone's
leftovers on the street or sidewalk to
an individual sending bombs yeah look
people one side is doing talking and yes
a little bit of yelling that is core
First Amendment from the end there Fox
News guys are like oh the thing we care
most about I mean I just have debate
with Terry Carlson he said the number
one issue cares most about is freedom of
speech and then guys are actually
speaking to government officials it
doesn't get any more core First
Amendment free speech in there like mob
mob other guys are sending bombs they're
sending bombs okay so that's what it
looks like right now it turns out many
weeks later we find out that it was a
left-wing I'll come out and lambaste
destroy pulverize the anyone who sent
that bomb and tell you exactly who did
it of course we're gonna tell you who
did it but is it logical that it is a
right of course it's logical that it's a
right winger look at the targets so now
look one of the questions I asked
earlier today in social media is are we
gonna at least call it what it is and
and maybe it's because the media was
also targeted if finally people are
calling it terrorism now the reality is
71% of the people killed in terrorist
acts in the last decade in America
were killed by right-wing extremists and
time after time after time
lone wolf not terrorism just an extreme
person a mentally deranged person I mean
they they have a political agenda they
state their political agenda they have
manifestos they have flags they have
killed cops all this stuff right
it's not terrorism when it's a Muslim
terrorism terrorism suppose l'm it's a
Muslim right
no when you do a bombing and you intend
to blow people up and you do it for a
political cause that's terrorism
otherwise stop using the word so like I
said though in this case most people
including Republican politicians like
Marco Rubio and others are at least
using the word terror and that is what
it is and and if it turns out it's a
right-winger again incredibly likely
that it is who incited it like in the
right-wing say they need a safe space
because we said Trump in the right-wing
keep inciting violence the guy goes and
says at his speeches oh where you should
bodyslam reporters mm-hmm he says the
reporters are the enemy of the people is
that complicated
he says punch people in the face I'll
pay your legal bills gee I wonder was
inciting the violence he says that
people are coming to infest our country
in their paid by George Soros gee I
wonder what God how they got the idea in
their head to put a bomb in George Soros
his house they say lock her up you
should lock Hillary Clinton up she's the
enemy and she's a criminal
gee I wonder how they got the idea to
bomb Hillary Clinton the media is the
enemy of the people yes all of that and
so they have been inciting this violence
and it is massive from the right-wing
and it is consistent from the right-wing
to equate those two is absolute
malpractice its journalistic malpractice
and so I don't care what they scream on
Fox News they're a bunch of liars on Fox
News and they do it for their own agenda
and propaganda we have bombs they're in
their be sent to liberals and Democrats
and it's because the right-wing keeps
saying over and over again they are the
enemy of the people and you have to do
something about it right away
and so apparently somebody decide to do
something about it and so I hope they
catch the guy as soon as possible no
matter who he is because whatever it
winds up being it is abhorrent and this
is unraveling man I mean we first
started with the rhetoric and the
right-wing kept telling us oh no don't
worry about we're just having fun we're
having fun talking about smashing
reporters and and hurting them in a
we're having fun we're having fun right
Oh Soros is evil and he secretly
controls us and he's got to be stopped
we're having fun we're having fun oh now
we're at bombs are we still having fun
no we're not having fun this is an
absolute disaster
absolutely caused by the right-wing and
their dangerous violent non-stop
rhetoric on the go don't worry we got
you covered
you still listen to TYT at our new
podcast network find us on Apple podcast
at Google Play Store or at TYT comm
slash podcast
