Mitch McConnell is infamous for his
leadership in blocking the confirmation
of Merrick garland into the Supreme
Court they didn't even have a hearing
for Merrick garland who was of course
nominated by Obama 14 months before his
term was up now McConnell and Senate
Republicans defended that decision
saying that they should wait until the
new president comes in and that person
should be the one who nominates a
Supreme Court justice and so I found it
fascinating to see how McConnell like
really suffered and really tried to
twist himself into an answer when he was
challenged on this when being
interviewed on Face the Nation
so this is a long video but just pay
attention to it this is one of the few
examples where the mainstream press
actually did a good job and follow up
questions and fact-checking so enjoy
this video and then we'll break it down
further in the history of partisanship
on the Supreme Court your decision to
block Merrick garland is something they
see as having kicked off a new stage in
the partisanship associated with Supreme
Court nominees if they don't know much
history you have to go back to 1880 to
find the last time a Senate controlled
by a different party from the president
confirmed a Supreme Court justice to a
vacancy created in the middle of a
presidential election they also
conveniently forgotten the Joe Biden
said in 1992 when he was sharing the
Judiciary Committee Democrats control
the Senate Republican in the White House
if a vacancy occurred they wouldn't fill
it it also conveniently forgot the Chuck
Schumer and Harry Reid 18 months before
the end of Bush 43 said if a Supreme
Court vacancy occurred they wouldn't
fill it right but mr. leader I don't
think that's right in 1956 Eisenhower
nominated Brennan that the 84th Congress
was a Democrat controlled and also on
the Biden rule Joe Biden was talking in
the abstract there was no nominee no
nominee was blocked and he said to not
have the nomination come up before the
election but that it could come up after
the election and so what Democrats say
when they hear you doing this is they
say he's creating new rules to
essentially do what he wants to do and
as you've written in your book the long
game when you do that it actually hurts
democracy yeah well that's not exactly
that's not at all what happened John
you're completely misconstruing what
happened what I gave you is the history
of this I know the history of this I've
spent a lot of time on this throughout
my career what I did was entirely
consistent with what the history of the
Senate's been in that situation going
back to 1880 well I think the 1956
example and also in 1968 later in the
election cycle when a Democratic
president put somebody forward the
Republican leader worked with him to get
that person a hearing and get him
towards the Supreme Court which is not
something that you did a vote at the
time and there was a Democrat then it
was a Democrat in the White House and a
Democratic Senate but the Republican
leader tried to help John John you are
not listening to me the history is is
exactly as I told you well we have we
have a disagreement about the history
but I greatly greatly appreciate you
being with us no he didn't like that at
all
I want to give John Dickerson a world of
credit there he is absolutely right
about the facts and and then the
politician got visibly agitated like how
dare you catch me in a lie and tell the
American people that I'm like the 1956
example is spot on he's a hundred
percent right about that Dickerson is
and McConnell is like what I'm allowed
to lie on TV you're not allowed to you
know rebut me you're supposed to go oh
well he said she said well the Democrats
frame it this way no it's a fact
great job by John Dickerson there and
not letting it go and so Oh Mitch
McConnell what do you want we want to
cry because you didn't get to lie once
on TV so you've been telling that lie
about eighteen eighty four years now
it's about time somebody actually busted
you on national television and he said
in the middle of an election what do you
mean in the middle of an election you
guys held up Merrick garland for 14
months it's not like it was October or
September before the election right you
know what was in the middle of an
election Cavanaugh there's a month
before the election that's a midterm
election right but if you were concerned
about proximity to an election I mean
look at this why don't you let the
American people decide they'll put in a
Senate well which will either confirm or
not confirm Cavanaugh and that's your
rule Mitch okay so under your logic the
American people should decide what
accountant oh but you didn't listen to
that come on everybody knows this and
and that's why I'm thrilled about
Dickerson's performance there because so
often the mainstream press pretend like
well I can't tell I can't tell if Mitch
McConnell's right or his opponents are
right no there is a right answer here
Mitch McConnell definitely played
politics definitely is lying about the
precedent and so and it's not look and
we're not naive it will can the
Democrats play politics from time down
oftentimes very poorly so but yes of
course right but in this case is Mitch
McConnell a hypocrite only the top one I
mean it's breaking records left and
right on Apocrypha yeah how do you feel
let's go to his one shot again how do
you feel about the fact that Mitch
McConnell looks like he's about to
destroy you like it looks like he's
about to eat you turtle there but come
at me bro you snap I snap okay so Mitch
please the TYT Plus app is now available
on iOS and Android download to get more
TYT content at TYT dot-com / app
