before we get started with the stories I
have prepared today I wanted to issue a
quick correction on a story that we did
yesterday we reported on a story
involving teachers who are protesting or
were protesting in the state of Kansas
and I inaccurately said that they were
protesting for raises which is not the
case they are specifically protesting in
order to get the pension that was
promised to them in their original
contracts apparently the state was
attempting to or is attempting to
shortchange them on their pensions and
they're not having it so it is my
mistake they are not asking for raises
but I believe that if they were asking
for raises they deserve them but that is
not the case look I mean that's the sad
state of affairs that we have because
people are trying to frame it as them
being greediest they're fighting back
saying we're not even asking for a raise
but there's nothing wrong with asking
for a raise yes but if you went in so
many of these states you haven't gotten
it or for so long and teachers are so
undervalued but I made the same mistake
so let me just say that they're making a
great great point that the pension is
already in the contract right so that
shouldn't even be an open question that
well that was part of the contract you
sign and it wasn't a lucrative contract
and when we did the bank bailouts they
said well I mean you got to give them a
golden parachute these executives who
bankrupted the company what are you
gonna do take away their multi-million
dollar bonus yes yes
yes that's what we should have done cuz
they bankrupted the place they teachers
in Kentucky didn't bankrupt the place
they did a wonderful job and they're not
asking for anything new they're asking
that you keep your promises and and I
thought that Republicans were the party
of personal responsibility and and
keeping their word yeah by the way a lot
of teachers it's Kentucky law teachers
are Republican they're just saying -
Matt Bevin the governor for God's sake
give us what you said we were gonna get
and it ain't that much exactly you just
watch the video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm /join
