Sean Hannity had an interesting excuse
for why he didn't reveal that Michael
Cohen was this lawyer he in fact he
claims that it's not a big deal I mean
am I really his client I just used them
for some legal advice from time to time
I did not talk to any third parties
about him okay why in other words I
don't have any women that he paid off is
what he's trying to say but let me give
you his exact quote because it did
trigger a funny thought he said on his
radio program I never gave him a
retainer about Michael Cohen never paid
any fees I may have handed him $10 once
I requested attorney-client privilege
with him and assumed our conversations
would be confidential but they have
never involved any matter with him and
any third party so is he your lawyer or
not well he thinks well I technically
he's calling himself my lawyer and
calling me his client because I once
gave him $10 now you want to know where
that idea might have come in to Sean
Hannity's head let's watch first things
first you're gonna put a dollar in my
pocket both you want attorney-client
privilege don't you so that everything
you say is strictly between us okay so a
lot of people have noted that it might
have come from the an episode of
Breaking Bad with Saul better call Saul
it was they of course a spinoff
but they missed the other clip that I
think is relevant here where Sean
Hannity probably originally got that
idea maybe Donald Trump as well to hire
Michael Cohen in the first place let's
watch seriously when the going gets
tough you don't want a criminal lawyer
all right you want a criminal lawyer or
I'm saying yeah we do know what you're
saying it's almost exactly what they got
if the feds are right and they might
have gotten a criminal law here and
they're about to find out because they
have all of his documents so is the $10
payment going to save Sean Hannity's
behind if he really did do some shady
stuff and was hiring Michael Cohen as
his fixer as Donald Trump did and this
other guy Brody who paid a 1.6 million
dollars to his playboy model mistress
who had an abortion okay so those were
the other guys if Hanna DS got something
in his closet are we gonna find out well
according to another Fox News on-air
personality Judge Napolitano we are
fascinating watch real quickly about
Sean he says that he was never a client
and then he wants client/attorney
privilege how does that happen I love
him and you know we've worked for them
for 20 years he can't have it both ways
if he was a client then his confidential
communications to mr. cohen are
privileged if he if mr. Cohen was never
his lawyer that nothing that he said to
mr. Cohen is privileged Cohen says he
was a client Sean Hannity says he wasn't
he may have given him $10 and I've heard
people say if you give somebody anything
of value that it creates that client
must tell you that that is a myth the
attorney-client privilege requires a
formal relationship reduced to writing
for a specific legal purpose so anything
that is there regarding Sean Hannity can
be revealed in my in my view yes oops so
they now have the papers from Michael
Cohen's office hotel room and his home
if they did not sign any papers as Sean
Hannity says I mean you're dead taking
Sean's word for it well then no that
stuff was privileged even if he gave
them 10 bucks or 100 bucks it's not
really how it works
maybe you shouldn't rely on television
to give you a legal advice in fictional
shows so we might find out anything and
everything that Sean Hannity was up to
by the way if it turns out that he
didn't do anything wrong and there's
nothing criminal there and we might
never find out because the folks at the
Justice Department might look at it or
the US Attorney's Office there in the
Southern District might look out and go
that's embarrassing but it's not illegal
so we're never going to make that public
this is sean hannity right now these
pleas am i enjoying this yes if you like
this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday
come enjoyed ad-free by becoming a
member TYT Network comm / join
