the Governor of Kentucky is apologizing
following some questionable statements
he made in regard to teachers who
protested the measly amount of money
they get paid and the severe
underfunding of their schools now I want
to show you what governor Bevin had to
say this is what got him into a lot of
trouble take a look the number I saw a
lot of people hanging out shoes off even
early in the morning hanging out smoking
hanging out leaving trash around taking
the day off
you know here's what's crazy to me you
know how many hundreds of thousands of
children today we're left home alone I
guarantee you somewhere in Kentucky
today a child was sexually assaulted
that was left at home because there was
nobody there to watch them I guarantee
you somewhere today a child was
physically harmed or ingested poison
because they were home alone because a
single parent didn't have any money to
take care of them so his argument is
that the one day that the teachers
protested in Kentucky was dangerous
because all these kids probably were
left home alone there's no one else to
watch after them so they got sexually
assaulted or drank poison so does that
happen
every day that they have a break like
they have a vacation their parent to
teacher conferences the parents at home
people are constantly drinking poison
and etc or could it be that Bevin
doesn't like the teachers are finally
asking for a raise after all these years
of getting crushed by the system and so
he'd like to blame them for sexual
assault of kids that they had nothing to
do with it all let alone the insanity of
kids randomly poisoning themselves
because their teachers are on so you
just by the way just made crazy things
up and I find it odd that his mind went
there in the first place why did his
mind go there why did your mind
immediately think of kids being left
home alone who then get sexually
assaulted by who but yeah I just I don't
understand why his mind went there so he
got a lot of backlash over those
statements and he's been fighting
against tax increases that would help to
Rae
enough revenue to pay these teachers a
decent salary and also help fund these
schools Sonny Anna to be fair but it
would hurt his donors and all those rich
friends right so that you know you say
tomato I say tomato I mean a lot of
people in Kentucky would like to help
the teachers on the other hand these
rich donors to help by the way a lot of
people including Republican politicians
in the state of Kentucky so for instance
lawmakers in Kentucky increased taxes
they passed a bill that would increase
taxes and raise four hundred eighty
million dollars for these schools and
Bevin didn't like it so he vetoed it
right now the way that the taxes or tax
increase would work is it would
specifically focus on raising cigarette
taxes by 50 50 50 cents and then it
would increase sales tax for certain
services so if you're doing home
improvement for instance the sales tax
involving home improvement would go up
to 6% so again they would raise four
hundred eighty million dollars and they
would help fund the schools that way but
Bevin didn't like it so he vetoed it
Republican lawmakers overrode his veto
because they feel strongly about this
and I actually give them a lot of credit
for that and he got very salty after
they overrode his veto they he did not
like that he said that this was a sloppy
way of raising the money and that it's
not transparent enough okay so I just
kind of jump in with a couple of things
there so look I the taxes that they
raise are a little bit regressive so I
don't love that and it's easy to raise a
cigarette tax etcetera but would I take
that so that we can get decent pay raise
just a little bit of pay raises not like
they give teachers in Kentucky he'd get
rich off of this right yes I would
definitely take that but the reason that
that Bevin would care about it is
because some of those industries that
are affected like the tobacco industry
particularly strong in places like
Kentucky that's why he cares and calls a
sloppy in which case then we say all
right Bevin would you like to raise
taxes in a different way right do you
have an a proposal to raise them maybe
the teacher salaries buy even more or by
doing a non regressive tax that one that
just hits corporations or people you
know or people not higher end of the
bracket
he would not like that so it's an excuse
to not do it and not to back to PD
teachers of course he doesn't care now
he has apologised for his previous
statements let's take a look at that on
Friday evening I made some comments
about the unintended consequences of
schools being shut down some with just a
matter of hours of notice less than 24
in the result that can come from that my
concern for children who are left
vulnerable as a result of that one of
the other things that's clear about
unintended consequences is sometimes the
words that people say the way in which
they say it or just the misunderstanding
that comes from that also can have
unintended consequences and I think that
is what happened from the very things
that I said the responsibility for such
things falls on the person doing the
speaking in this case that was me and so
for those of you who understood what I'm
saying thank you I appreciate that you
do but clearly a tremendous number of
people did not fully appreciate what it
was that I was communicating or what it
was that I was trying to say and I hurt
a lot of people many people have been
confused or hurt or just misunderstand
what it was that I was trying to
communicate that's my responsibility it
truly is then I apologize for those who
have been hurt by the things that were
said was not my intent whatsoever
it wasn't my intent to hurt your
feelings I was just saying that since
you're protesting to maybe make a little
more money other kids who are left home
alone might be sexually molested or you
know they might drink poison and maybe
die and it might be your fault but don't
mess up miss don't misinterpret what I'm
saying I'm just saying that it's your
fault anyway apologies I've ever seen so
let's just be clear first of all on why
he's apologizing he's a right-wing
Republican they don't like to apologize
no matter how wrong they are it's only
because the republican-led legislature
saenctum and people like regina huff
who's a republican legislator in
kentucky basically called him a coward
and so you know why cuz real people in
Kentucky sure you know they might get
swayed by the social issues and vote
you know they're pro-life etc I love
guns whatever it is right there's a host
of issues that leads them to the
Republican Party but they don't hate
teachers and they don't want their kids
to go to terrible schools like there's
only so much you can get them to work
against their own self-interest if they
could see what their own eyes we're like
but that's my kid and I can see is not
getting an education and that's Miss
Robinson and I know her or you know and
she's not a bad person she's my kids
teacher and and now you tell me she's
responsible for sexual molestation what
are you talking about right so they can
see with their own eyes so he was in a
world of trouble that's why all of a
sudden he goes appositives but he can't
get himself to do it
so he's like if other people did not
fully appreciate my comments that's not
an apology yeah that's not it yeah if
you misunderstood my comments and no we
didn't misunderstand your comments your
comments were incredibly clear no didn't
at least have the decency to say hey
listen I shouldn't have said those
things because it left you with the
impression that it's the teachers fault
and by the way it's not remotely true
you know there was not a rash of kid
poisonings on that day right but he
can't get himself to ever admit the
reality or the truth so he has to come
basically in his so-called apology blame
you for misunderstanding his comments
there was no misunderstanding at all
they were crystal clear if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm / join
