a leading gay rights attorney has died
after setting himself on fire during a
protest this was at a New York Park and
he intentionally did this the whole
purpose was to make a statement in
regard to the environment and what we
are doing to it
his name is David buckel a suicide note
near the lawyer's remains said he had
burned himself or set himself on fire
using fossil fuel to symbolize the
damage humans are doing to the earth he
also reportedly sent a note to multiple
news organizations including the New
York Times warning that people were
dying early deaths as a result of
breathing in bad air he also said that
pollution ravages our planet boozing in
habitability via air soil water and
weather so this is pretty devastating
and I was hesitant to do this story
because my commentary on it is a little
harsh but this is not the way to do it
because I think a misconception that he
had was that other people would care
that he did this to himself and the sad
truth is they don't the sad truth is you
know this might be a news story today
but everyone's gonna forget tomorrow and
and the only way to really push for real
change is to keep fighting and it's
tough it's hard it's devastating at
times but that would have more of a
chance toward leading to change than
taking your own life yeah I agree with
you let me give it a little bit of
context soso David buckel has actually
seen change happen in his life and he's
fought for that changing and he's helped
to make it happen he was a lead lawyer
in the case of brandon teena that was
the transgender teen who was brutally
raped in later murdered in Nebraska they
wound up turning that into a movie
called boys don't cry back in 99
starring Hilary Swank and it was a very
very well received movie in it and for
good reason it was amazing under but the
story itself was is of course much more
important and he represented that teen
and he fought for the civil rights for
gay Americans in a hero who
and the LGBT community celebrated as
life today as they of course mourn for
him and so he's done some wonderful
things and look my guess is that made
that he was at a place in his life where
this decision made sense to him and and
I'm sure that he wouldn't recommend it
necessarily others right and they're
probably other factors that went into it
and not just the stance on fossil fuels
but but I'll go further than Ana not
only are unfortunately people going to
largely forget it tomorrow but it's a
misimpression that we live in a
democracy that if you create enough
public outrage that it will make a
difference but unfortunately we don't
really live in a democracy and it
doesn't matter how much public outrage
there is yeah I mean there's two issues
I mean there's dozens upon dozens of
issues with the two that happened to be
literally at ninety three percent is
federal background checks for guns and
we can't get them what do you need 95
percent of democracy 98 percent of
democracy it doesn't really matter and
money out of politics is at 93% but they
won't do it
why cuz they they serve their donors
they don't serve us so he's absolutely
right that the fossil fuels are ravaging
our country but even if 99.9 percent of
us agreed and wanted action on climate
change we wouldn't get it because the
fossil fuel industry has lobbyists that
have bought our politicians so I wish he
hadn't done it in this way obviously let
a hero life in a lot of ways and it's a
incredibly powerful message and I wish
that it was better received I'm afraid
that it won't be and and finally he said
a life of privilege requires actions to
balance the harm caused and the greater
the privilege the greater the
responsibility I don't think that he had
a responsibility or anyone does to do it
this way but let's all band together to
at least bring back our system of
government fight for democracy so that
we can actually have the voice of the
people heard on this issue as well as
others what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it and you get it
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm / join
