over the weekend Donald Trump ordered
the bombings in Syria I was dead set
against it I think it's a bad idea Alex
shows also thinks it's a bad idea quite
sorry that I have to agree with him on
that but this story in an otherwise
incredibly serious issue is a little bit
light-hearted because of as usual Alex
Jones way way over-the-top reaction so
him cursing wouldn't he be that big a
deal and we're gonna go to that in a
second but it's the fact that he is not
just this morning the policy but
apparently he's done with Donald Trump
whoo and he's so mad about it that he
literally cried so before we get to the
crying let's show you him as he's about
to react to the story are they gonna go
live not live here let's watch 34 hours
live we're getting ready to go live on
the main feeds I'll enforce this
freaking emergency Trump is absolutely
crapped all over he's been totally
compromised blackmail there's no doubt
about it
okay you know Trump did this on Friday
night and only get like five targets
instead of it 70 as some type of
appeasement the Kabbalists and
everything else this is total work so
look I'm a straight shooter Trump did
good on TPP and all everything else this
is BS man I mean the damn rebels are al
Qaeda Isis they launched the chemical
attacks they've been caught three times
before and I'm not gonna shell out my
morals for fun Trump damn it
see I came to LA so yes right now I'll
just kill that feed just go back to her
live feed dude okay just just kill kill
look is it performance art I get it yes
you know I would have preferred that he
chose mime as his vehicle for that
performance higher art but he didn't he
went in the opposite direction are we
gonna live oh my god kill the feed bag
kill the feed up to upset you didn't
realize that you were alive okay come on
come on come on come on
but look the relevant part here is how
it shows constantly brags about his
access to Donald Trump
and he's pushing Donald Trump in a more
right-wing direction and a more lunatic
direction if you ask me well he just
said that Trump dumped all over the
right wing and and I guess how shows
that his fans he that he's compromised
we have it the first conspiracy theory
from alex jones on donald trump by the
way not compromise her blackmailed by
the russians but the opposite he's
claiming compromise by someone else to
be against the russians fascinating okay
and he's not gonna sell out his morals
for effin donald trump but that is not
the only f-bomb
let's have fun this right now syria for
al qaeda they fought Isis they fought it
all and now you got madison these
peoples all over us and the damn liberal
fascist censoring us everywhere the last
two days we did an emergency 36 hour
broadcast trying to stop this if you
believe the world war three and you've
collateral pieces off you've support
this will give you damn degenerate and
Buehler comeon you every major analysts
okay should we shut these fees down and
delete those and i'm gonna try to
control myself this you just shut those
feet down or restart him okay one time
again i'll agree with the ally choses
what he said we shouldn't be on air
right now yeah nailed it but again it's
all fake he knows that this all this
stuff's gonna go out and said hey guys
the good news is we're almost done with
him cuz if he's not talking to the
president he's not relevant he can do
all of his antics and the 3-ring circus
somewhere else and we can stop talking
about him so we're almost
first we're gonna need a little bit of
tears though he's gonna start talking
about this two things I need you to
notice one is the beginning of the clip
he's talking about his own child custody
case and he brings that into this for
whatever reason and then the tears begin
about the betrayal that Trump has done
to Alex Jones which is awesome
and then and then his co-hosts reaction
at the end is also awesome was why she
stopped supporting Trump and it's the
opposite what my ex-wife says she says
you know oh the system took the kids
away from me no you got the kids back
because who I was part of the time and
then they sit there they're like you
know if you just turn against Trump
things will be better but he was doing
good and that was makes it so bad that's
what basic piece of crap for the
beginning would be so bad he's crapping
all over us what are we gonna stand for
that will get back to the co-host in a
second that's what makes it so bad Oh
Bart you gotta get that on the sound
board he seems like he's a special kind
of snowflake
what happened Alex did you get triggered
you need a safe space from Donald Trump
and they said we had a meltdown on
election night we were disappointed
that's a meltdown all right I like the
host reaction a co-host reaction to this
one - his name is Jay oh and strong
apparently okay so he now Alex's turn is
arrived back to Hillary but I love their
interaction what's gonna stop ya so it's
there's no not unless we put dirt back
Hillary in and worship that ugly damn
decent
back out awkward the first to look like
ooh and then what do you want me to say
jo-ann there isn't much to say okay but
one last piece of investigative work
here at the Young Turks we actually
found not only video but we found
pictures of the before and after of Alex
Jones before the Donald Trump betrayal
and after the Donald Trump betrayal
he'll never believe it he looks totally
different John Oliver back to you you
just watch the video by the young turks
the home of the revolution if you'd like
to get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
