good evening from New York I'm dan
Rather with news analysis and commentary
tonight Sean Hannity star of Fox News
became a part a president Trump's legal
battle coming off the sidelines and
finding himself on the field in a New
York courtroom the scene was an
extraordinary showdown between lawyers
for the president and lawyers for the
law enforcement agency overseen by the
president the US Department of Justice
at stake was the judge's order that
President Trump's personal lawyer
Michael Cohen revealed the names of his
current and former clients one of them
as it turns out is mr. Hannity he
admitted as much today he hadn't before
but he has not said what if any actual
legal work mr. Cohen did for him or does
for him still if any on his radio
program tonight mr. Hennelly described
the relationship as informal he said he
asked mr. Cohen for occasional legal
advice but also was paying him nominal
amounts $10 he said apparently to
justify claiming attorney-client
privilege I never gave him a retainer
never received an invoice never paid any
any fees you know I might have handed
him ten bucks I definitely want you
turning client privilege on this
something like that the truth about mr.
Hannon is legal involvement may lie in
mr. Cohen's office documents which
investigators have now seized Cohen's
lawyers asked the judge to let a third
party review the documents before
prosecutors get a look at them president
Trump's own counsel argued that he
president Trump should have the right to
review those
documents and decide which ones
prosecutors could see the judge told
prosecutors to let Cohen's lawyers see
the documents and advise the judge how
many they think are subject to
attorney-client privilege of course
mostly unspoken in all of this is
Michael Cohen's ultimate
get-out-of-jail-free card a possible
presidential pardon
just the prospect of his use by
President Trump can embolden Cohen and
his cohorts as they stare down Special
Counsel Bob Muller and we cannot know
whether it was coincidence or a signal
when President Trump on Friday issued
his latest and only third pardon of his
presidency as the vise tightens around
those from Donald Trump's orbit since
his campaign you may wonder whether the
president might try to pardon not just
his allies but even himself and never
mind the lawyers who say that is
unconstitutional the crimes if there are
crimes beyond the conviction so far
would appear to involve subversion of
our democratic system and/or obstruction
of our justice system in that light it
may be worth considering who mr. Trump
has pardoned so far he's only pardoned
three people and if you squint a little
they barely register as three distinct
lives because all three are men all
white men all held positions in
government all three convicted of
abusing those positions and all three
men were pardoned outside Department of
Justice recommendations for ensuring
that the mercy extended was the mercy of
justice all three receives not the mercy
of justice with its high regard for
remorse and for victims but instead the
mercy of Trump
the narrow mercy of self regard
first on the pardon this there was
Sheriff Joseph Arpaio the sheriff's
crime contempt of court refusing a judge
order to stop detaining suspected
undocumented immigrants literally a
lawman accused of breaking the law
convicted of refusing to obey the law
second last month was former Navy sailor
Christian saucier who took unauthorized
photos of u.s. submarine and then lied
about it to law enforcement the case
offered a handy parallel for mr. Trump
during the campaign as you recall he
argued jail time for Hillary Clinton
over her use of private email on Friday
just last Friday we got number three on
the Trump pardon list scooter libby
former chief of staff to Vice President
Dick Cheney his crime perjury lying to
hide the truth from the law the courts
the people Libby's motive apparently was
to cover up White House involvement in
leaks in Denton to help the Bush White
House and Cheney specifically justify
the war in Iraq contempt for law lying
to the law lying to the people all three
men pardoned by the mercy of Trump a
trinity and outcome if you go far
different from most of those convicted
in American courts and when you consider
these three in their crimes when you
pull back and see the pattern and what
they represent the answer to whether
President Trump might pardon himself is
in some ways that effect he already has
now was president Trump's attack on
Syria an attempt to wag the dog I'll
tell you why his own behavior toward the
troops means we can't rule that out
that's next
I see what we all say the deep divisions
the endemic in justices the uncertainty
about our future
we have sometimes stumble we have
sometimes fallen short but we can renew
our national purpose if we recognize
that what unites us is far greater and
stronger than all that divides us look
we're doing interviews over there at
youtube.com slash tyt interviews and
we've done some amazing ones recently so
now of course you know that the person
most widely considered to be the most
progressive senator is Bernie Sanders
why not back from during the 2016
primaries why be a Democrat at all and
we're in the time where it's not in
sit on the sidelines of history let's be
candid when an accusation implies
appalling moral character it's tempting
to shrink from it
to avoid contemplating the depth of the
abyss but anytime the President of the
United States unleashes lethal military
power we as American citizens are
obliged to ask why as Americans wondered
whether President Trump would do so as a
distraction to wag the dog on Friday he
gave this explanation for his missile
attacks on Syria
last Saturday the Assad regime again
deployed chemical weapons to slaughter
innocent civilians this time in the town
of DOMA near the Syrian capital of
Damascus this massacre was a significant
escalation in a pattern of chemical
weapons use by that very terrible regime
but think about it for a moment if his
deterrence that motivates him mr. Trump
did not explain why that escalation has
occurred without other rebukes Syria has
used chemicals 50 times
if bombings really are a deterrent why
the wait the president also invoked the
horrible suffering of the victims of
chemical warfare the evil and the
despicable attacked left mothers and
fathers infants and children thrashing
and pain and gasping for air these are
not the actions of a man they are crimes
of a monster instead but but if his
compassion that motivates him mr. Trump
did not explain why a man who would not
give shelter to those gasping for air
would not let them breathe easy in
freedom
or wise Syrians suffering has only moved
the Trump administration to admit 11
Syrian refugees this year 11 will be
asked why President Trump sent those
missiles we also have to ask what else
he has sent it you probably didn't hear
it on TV but it turns out the answer is
military contractors as The Young Turks
just reported the Pentagon for the first
time is now including Syria along with
Iraq in the military census of its
contractors how many we can't be sure
what they're doing also unclear and we
also don't know how many uniformed
troops are in Syria the military Times
reports now that the Pentagon is no
longer releasing those numbers for Syria
or Iraq or Afghanistan
not just for today but even for the past
troop counts that were previously public
now erased troops already invisible on
our TV screens now deleted from even our
public records now it's one thing to
withhold information about what you're
doing or plan to do but when you erase
history you have plunged deep into
Orwellian territory whether we're
talking Syria your tax returns or Russia
when you render the truth unknowable you
compromise our ability to make sound
judgments but in doing so you destroy
also mr. president our ability to fairly
judge you you compromise the presumption
of innocence and as you long as you
initially hired this nation's actions
and your own behind a cloak of secrecy
you expose yourself to suspicion of
guilt I want to talk next about House
Speaker Paul Ryan and his legacy but
first please
this short break
all right we ordered special election
day coverage dropping an amazing palette
and look at this battle we'll talk about
power like a smart Destiny's Child we're
all too strong we've done a revolution
yes another one aren't you excited
Wow it's all the best writers in the
country are right here on this panel
with the obvious exception of John I
roll quickly discount Harry Potter fan
fiction we have elected the top Twitter
troll in the country what ran me away
from Christianity was judgment and
condemnation salting peaceful protesters
in North Dakota crazier than bombing
Yemen Fraser that bombing Syria is so
much they ran out of bomb reductive
interpretation of what their motives are
what Putin's are by these amateur
experts HBO if we don't reach our
journalists and they do
a quick note well I hope you'll think
it's quick about Paul Ryan the Speaker
of the House who says he's planning to
retire at the end of his term in
Congress mr. Ryan is a complicated
figure he fashioned himself a modest
small-town Wisconsin boy deeply invested
in economic policy
he spoke of himself as a moderate while
pushing ideas deeply at odds with the
American society that built a vibrant
middle class after World War two one
analysis by the 538 blog found that Ryan
as Mitt Romney's running mate was
further from the political center that
any candidate on any presidential ticket
in the previous 100 years all those
aspects came together in an interview
that aired this weekend on NBC's Meet
the Press the speaker is asked about
criticism Republican criticism of his
recent legacy which included massive
spending massive tax cuts and a massive
deficit the speaker blamed regular
rank-and-file Americans for wanting to
retire this tax bill spiked the deficit
it's higher than even what was projected
and as were they truly not you walk away
with trillion-dollar deficits as far as
the eye can I was gonna happen that the
baby boomers retiring was going to do
that
these deficit trillion-dollar
projections have been out there for a
long long time why because of mandatory
spending which we call entitlements we
wanted to compare the tax bills effect
on the debt to that of baby boomers it
turned out that the committee for a
responsible federal budget already did
that this is not as you might imagine
any liberal group they found that even
with baby boomer retirements America's
debt increased only gradually over the
next decade still under a hundred
percent of America's gross domestic
product
that's the bottom line the upper line
forking off up top there includes the
launched of all that tax revenue taking
America's debt above that milestone
marker more than a hundred percent of
GDP a complicated figure mr. Ryan began
his career in Congress as an acolyte of
and Ryan who championed self-reliance
like mr. Ryan she too benefited from
government assistance mr. Ryan first
declined to endorse mr. Trump then did
endorsements Trump but then said he
would not support Trump he has sold
dreamers undocumented immigrants brought
here as children that they need not fear
deportation but pass no legislation to
protect them Ryan said Special Counsel
Robert Muller must be allowed to finish
the Russia investigation but will not
pass the law to ensure that a
self-described fiscal conservative his
legacy is trillions more in national
debt a self-described defender of
immigration his legacy is Muslim bans
and a border wall an opponent of
identity politics he says his legacy his
civil rights rollbacks and racism
empowered Paul Ryan says he is leaving
because he did what he came here to do a
complicated man I had given this job
everything that I have and I have no
regrets whatsoever for having accepted
this responsibility when Donald Trump
was elected president Republicans added
the White House and the entire executive
branch of government to their control of
Congress and the legislative branch when
that happened
there were many opponents who warned and
this is a paraphrase of air-quote your
watch they're coming for your Medicaid
Medicare
eventually your social security in quote
well those warnings ring anew and will
no doubt be redoubled with a new
executive order President Trump just
signed this executive order targets
broad stretches of America's social
safety net for millions of poor and not
support Americans who rely on that net
the president told his agencies not just
to enforce every regulation on the books
that calls for work requirements not
only to renew and review all their
waivers for work requirements but also
to look for new work requirements so
they can add the administration has
already started letting States strip
Medicare from recipients who do not meet
work requirements now we're talking
about making it national policy for the
whole country with more than 74 million
on Medicaid and then you've got the 41
million who count on food stamps to eat
and feed their families that includes
elderly people in the disabled but most
are children Republicans have long
cherished the idea of killing these
programs but president Trump's order
goes beyond Medicaid and food stamps
it's also housing aid and more he is
mobilizing the entire federal government
to seek out rationales to stop helping
people the argument is that government
aid traps people in poverty that's the
basic rationale for what the president's
doing but studies show work requirements
have little to no effect on poverty take
food stamps for instance they don't in
poverty they end hunger these
requirements redefine government aid as
something you have to earn at that point
the entire point of government aid
helping those in need
becomes extinct so now the point is to
quote restore the independence and
dignity
that President Trump apparently thinks
these struggling people lack the dignity
of work empowerment as the White House
put it quote adding or enforcing work
requirements for able-bodied adults on
welfare is an effective solution to help
millions of Americans regain their
independence well will you think about
the dignity of work you might want to
know that on the day President Trump
signed this order his presidential daily
schedule began at noon meeting with the
Emir of Qatar next he hosted the
Atlantic Crimson Tide football team on
the South Lawn
that was 3:15 in the afternoon it was
also the last item on his work schedule
for the day dignity now when we come
back we got a copy of the Jim Comey book
and I have some thoughts about it so
stay here with us
the United States economy has never been
better monetary policy is spectacular
everybody thought Jamie Dimon was the
king of Wall Street last week well it
might be Kepler always something to
happen it takes to crown the best sales
force out there is Merrill Lynch and now
it goes to B hey it's pretty amazing
amazing we're going to see a
stabilization and just a tremendous
snapback rally you are dropping the
Occupy Wall Street movement is not it's
not a spontaneous protest against
economic inequality this is what we mean
by the establishment press it is a
well-thought-out key well-thought-out
campaign to bring down the
infrastructure structure of this country
the embarrassment is that I'm giving
credibility in this world because of the
disappointment that the public has and
what the news media does
like the former chairman of the Veterans
Committee and I learned a little bit
about the cost of the war what the
president is trying to do and I agree
with them it's Lou everything that we
can without going to war so will you say
to your critics don't find my Democratic
critics who say you know what your is
really just the socialist passive I very
rarely read in any coverage of Bernie
that he's a socialist Bernie Sanders is
a socialist for God's sake the most
analyst is saying that Hillary Clinton's
gonna win in a landslide I continue to
believe mr. Trump will not be President
got Trump at 279 to 59
we're not gonna be polite anymore you
know what we're gonna do we're gonna
fight back fight for a free and
independent media we're done with
politeness we fight that
a few thoughts now about the bizarre
duel between the president of our
country and the former director of the
FBI it's not the role of reporters to
try to fully assess a person's character
we report on deeds and words character
is beyond our ability as humans to
assess with competence so take these
words as reflections on people not as
they are but as they have revealed
themselves in the Oval Office and in the
pages of a higher loyalty the book of
which you have a copy commis
self-portrait bears a striking
resemblance to what we've seen a
president Trump both men proclaim a deep
hatred of politics Donald Trump
campaigned as the anti politician
speaking in politically of a nation in
crisis jobs crime immigration I alone
can fix it he said time and again some
crisis demands his special action action
outside our norms to fix the country mr.
Comey tells us he became a federal
prosecutor precisely because the work
was pure free of politics mr. Comey rose
as the protector of the bureau's
credibility the FBI's reputation time
and again some looming crisis in his
view demanded his special action action
outside the bureau's norms to save his
good name mr. Comey writes about the
panic button he had at the FBI to summon
his security detail so fearful is he of
the possible crisis of pressing that
button in his sleep so determined to do
the right thing he puts the alarm in his
separate room where his wife
accidentally hits it crisis arises from
his extraordinary measures
to avoid it the perception of crisis
justifies those measures again and again
through the election and beyond
mr. commis glimpse of future crisis just
suffice to him his special intervention
and always for the sake of the FBI's
reputation he alone can save it in his
view mr. commis book does indeed offer a
cautionary lesson for future leaders but
not one he intended if you wish to serve
to fix your nation to save our
institutions do not imagine their norms
are insufficient
serve those norms do not save them and
if you wish to preserve credibility do
not attempt to influence opinions of it
one reason reporters are not interrogate
try to assess character is that motive
is no guarantee of outcome we and mr.
Comey will never know if the ego to
which he confesses led him to an
institution that let him endure himself
in his purity but we do know that
anointing yourself its protector
perceiving threats to his reputation
threats have happened in demanding your
special intervention is often a path to
failure and self-destruction there is
after all a word for working to shape
opinion whether you want people to see
America as strong or the FBI is credible
that word is politics
finally tonight all of us Drummond drank
about James commis explosive new book
and president Trump's incendiary tweets
about it plus today's court maneuverings
involving mr. Trump's personal lawyer
bring back to mind something I've been
thinking a lot about these past few
tumultuous and perilous relation months
really for more than a year now
after listening to what it is I'm
talking about you may want to mow some
or all of it yourself as your duty as a
citizen whether you're a Trump hater or
supporter or something in between
what it's about is something at the very
core of our beloved nation part of our
national soul and that is the rule of
law the importance of the rule of law
and two phrases that are keys to that
number one equal justice under the law
the other number two no man no person
not even --yeah especially a president
is above the law these are fundamental
and precious concepts both american new
ideas and ideals in that ours is the
first nation we are the first people in
history to embed them perpetuate them
guarantee them in a constitution not
that anyone believes in the beginning or
believes now that they can or will ever
be fully completely perfectly applied in
practice no but we have always been
dedicated to trying seeing them as a
navigational Northstar to be continually
forever moving forward toward coming
closer equal justice under the law is
inscribed in stone on our courthouses
and other monuments to the rule of law
to remind us that it is our goal no man
no person is above the law has been
repeated over the centuries by leaders
of all parties and political movements
also to remind us now we find ourselves
once again at a tipping point in our
history when we need to remind ourselves
again rule of law equal justice under
law and no man no person is above the
law the judicial branch of our
government the courts
along with the Justice Department
including the FBI had the primary
responsibility of ensuring that these
three parts of our North Star burn
brightly whole city but citizens
individually and collectively have a
crucial role in holding steady in
support regardless of parlors and
political beliefs or ideology the future
of our country at this place in history
depend on it and with that I'll leave
you for this news cycle
The Young Turks is next and we'll be
back with the news at this same place in
time 5:30 Eastern every Monday until
then dan Rather reporting stay second
you
