we promised it we're delivering it it's
diamond and silk who are diamond and
silk well they are two women who here
they are they have a popular Facebook
page their Trump supporters and they
were actually on like the FEC
declaration as being paid by the Trump
campaign in 2016 as for field consulting
services a while back a little while ago
they told people that they had been
notified by Facebook that they were
posting content that was quote unsafe to
the community
Facebook apologized to them and said it
was an error that they delivered this
message in the first place diamond and
silk said that they have not
communicated with Facebook since then
and they're very upset and they're doing
all these interviews on fox shows saying
about talking about how they've been
censored by Facebook Facebook is like no
no we've reached out to you to prove
that this is my favorite way they reach
out they found a Laura Ingraham tweet
even where she said joining us next
diamond itself to discuss Mark
Zuckerberg testimony before Congress
today Facebook responds to this tweet
even saying is then like thank you for
bringing this up on Monday we emailed
diamond himself twice on Tuesday we
called and we commented on their
Facebook owes we shared this comment and
then they post the screencap of their
comment being like no no no we are
reaching out to these people they post
the receipts of the Facebook message to
them it's pretty amazing
but they kept saying how they were
discriminated against by Facebook and
how they were censored and their traffic
went down and all that and it was
mention it was brought up in the Mark
Zuckerberg testimony before Congress
senator Ted Cruz according to Think
Progress claimed that Facebook had
blocked Trump supporters diamond his
souks page with 1.2 million Facebook
followers it said that Zuckerberg told
Zuckerberg that diamond and silks
experience was proof that Facebook had
engaged in a pervasive pattern of bias
and political censorship and he kept
ramming home against conservative groups
other people did this Joe Barton of
Texas brought it up Marsha Blackburn of
Tennessee this tweet shows that Billy
long a congressman from Missouri brought
a photo of them and there's Zuckerberg
in the front and he brought it kept
talking to them about
that well they said that they've been
discriminated against and censored and
Think Progress kind of did some digging
into their traffic and found out that no
they have not been whatsoever they say
that Diamond and soaks Facebook page had
actually received more interactions in
March 2018 then when they when they were
supposedly being censored then in March
2017 diamond and silk received more
interactions in January 2018 when they
began complaining about censorship than
in any month the previous year there
were some declines in some areas but
they paralleled the declines and pretty
much everyone who is saying anything
political whatsoever on Facebook so
there you have it I'm really glad that
he brought in the photo of Diamond and
silk just not to get it confused with
all the other diamond assilex out there
so let's break this down there's only
one part of this story
the original story that was true which
is Facebook did send them a message
saying that their content was unsafe
that doesn't mean that they took it down
as they originally claimed and I'd like
to apologize to you guys because despite
the fact that I bill a lengthy rant
about that on that day and I'm totally
vindicated by the numbers here on the
overwhelming substance of it but I did
make it mistake in the beginning because
they had said it so fervently as if it
was fact we said on the air briefly that
that their page was taken down right
their page wasn't taken that was that
was a lie of what never make the mistake
of believing a Republican
never okay so Ted Cruz came in there it
seemed like that you know you read you
just heard Brett read the quote seems so
authoritative and this is N and we this
proves a pattern of bias against
conservatives etc as if they had like
done all this research and homework and
etc their paint was never taken down
none of their posts were ever taken down
so censorship is totally nonsense the
only part that's true is that it was D
monetized for a while which as Anna and
I explained that happens all the time
and so in this case Facebook came back
and said it was a mistake and then and
then he says I'm at notice they then lie
the
Facebook didn't send him the notice even
though it's public it's obvious it's
everywhere
and they're like no week this whole
thing started on a lie why would we
start telling the truth now and so the
whole idea that they then complained oh
our traffic went down in January
Facebook changed their policy in January
that they're gonna emphasize friends and
family and not publishers everybody's
traffic went down in January everyone's
actually because they were complaining
about it so much that it actually drove
more traffic toward their content that's
that's right and that's ironic
etc we'll get to those numbers in a
second but and what did I say on that
first day of the Zuckerberg hearings
with a hijacking with this diamond and
silk nonsense
I said you're eventually going to find
out that not only is it not true that
Facebook or any of these social media
guys discriminate against conservatives
just like the IRS story where the IRS is
doing other conservative groups you'll
find out at the end just like in that
IRS story that they actually brought
down liberal pages even more and you
look at the numbers that's exactly what
happened and by the way it's not because
Facebook hates liberals right those are
all theirs it's a complicated matrix
that's literally a complicated algorithm
of things that go into what affects your
Facebook page but liberals and others
treat it rationally and they go oh they
made an algorithm change you have to
adjust then this happened and that
happened and conservatives go in and
they go hey oh you lying two-faced
politicians that represent us go lie on
our behalf and Ted Cruz and Joe Barton
and all them come out and go how can we
help you how can we help you
conservatives so hey wake up Democrats
wake up progressives and mainstream
media most of all never believed a
Republican they're almost always lying
stop calling it even it's not even look
at the actual facts do your goddamn job
and look at the facts before you go
spreading their nonsense propaganda
great job by BuzzFeed and Think Progress
that actually did
in this case I just wanted to make a
point about how you know those on the
right love to point their fingers at
people who are living in poverty people
who might need some government
assistance and they love referring to
them as people who play the victim right
they're living in perpetual victimhood
and then as soon as anything happens
that they don't understand
you know like algorithms or how Facebook
works they immediately misinterpret
things as I'm being targeted I'm a
victim right and so I I can't decide
whether or not this is an intentional
thing that they're doing because it
actually does give them headlines it
does give them the type of attention
that they're seeking it does drive more
traffic to what they're doing like the
whole Ben Shapiro and Coulter speaking
at Berkeley thing they don't care about
free speech they've never cared about
free speech ben shapiro is not a free
speech guy because there have been
multiple instances of stories where
people's actual free speech is being
violated and i haven't heard a word from
him right but when it comes to that
berkeley thing what did it do it
elevated his profile a little bit gave
them a little bit more attention and
coulter noticed it got a little jelly
did the same thing and i'm seeing this
happening with other members of the
right this whole diamond and silk thing
you know people on youtube conservatives
specifically arguing that they're being
you know censored you're not being
censored bro and by the way no one no
one is entitled to monetization no one
is entitled to anything when it comes to
these companies and the decisions that
they make no one there is no
constitutional protection that prevents
you from being censored on any of these
platforms and by the way there hasn't
been any censorship at all at all and
and they act like there's like a group
of these left-leaning facebook employees
that are like timing itself we don't
like no no it's an algorithm people
don't know how anything works anymore
tries me crazy it does feel like I was
like in a relationship and someone told
me to like shave my beard and like I had
if I had a long beard and then
algorithms like shave your beard you
shave your beard and they're like no no
I liked your beard before and you're
like why I can't grow back
today that's what it feels like the back
and forth of that but yeah a lot okay as
I said like all across the board there
were viewership cuts that happened on
Facebook's platform yes let me give you
some examples of that
like I said in January they make the big
ala group change they tell you to shave
your beard okay
personality and so dye Minnesota video
views decline from four point one to one
point eight million now that's out of
context if you just give that then they
go oh my god where the snow flakes we
got triggered Windows 8 space we need a
safe space book so but wait a minute you
look at Rachel Maddow's Maddow's video
abused by the way you could do this for
any organization okay because in January
they at start de-emphasizing all
publishers okay
the Rachel Maddow goes down much more
dramatically from 6 million video views
to 1.2 million so totally cut now fake
progress even included us and so they
said all right let's look at well-known
progressives Rachel Maddow goes down and
then when you look at online
interactions so diamond is silk are the
numbers that we gave you before
Young Turks goes from 2.3 million to 760
thousand why cuz oh my god free speech
is dead constitutional violations let me
just throw out a bunch of jargon that's
gonna make people feel alarmed it's in
absurd it's in the national record
that's the thing is like in the wake of
the Mark Zuckerberg depth herb
deposition earned testimony a lot of
folks said well at the very least XYZ
thing mentioned by Senator
congressperson whatever at least it made
it into the national record but these
falsehoods are now in the national
record are there gonna be consequences
for people acting on this no there's not
gonna be anything well I mean okay just
to look at the other side guys I do
think that there is bias you know in in
widespread in media against conservative
viewpoints and against a wide range of
viewpoints but of course I don't think
that like you said pointing to
falsehoods is the way to talk about that
but at the end of the day I mean all of
this you have to ask yourselves are we
comfortable with Facebook having such a
huge role in our democracy I think that
that's a question that I'm constantly
asking myself with this and it's not
even necessarily related to this but
it's just the fact that we are having
this conversation that that it is such a
big part of our democracy right now this
is this is the product of dismantling
education in the country where people
are completely
media illiterate and don't know what is
and isn't a credible new source this is
also the doing of mainstream media which
has done a terrible job in covering
stories that people care about so then
you have this whole generation of people
who are rejecting establishment media
and turning to alternative forms of
media and when you couple that with the
media illiteracy it becomes a huge
problem so yeah I have a huge problem
with that look last things here Simone I
hear you that a lot of journalists are
our vote Democrat I don't know how
liberal they are but they vote probably
for the Democratic right and about
social media and but these are those
companies they are based in know but
they don't put that into the algorithm
they're not journalists they're coders
so they don't you can't write into a
code be more liberal or if you did you'd
be massively fired right and so it's
just in the case of Facebook not
remotely true in the case of journalism
yes a lot of the journalists are
Democrats what their bosses are massive
conservatives and they have an
establishment bias and if anything they
go out of their way to coddle
conservatives and call everything even
when it isn't goddamn even but in a
sense even though they're not
journalists Facebook has become a media
company that disseminates media and when
people right now are figuring out okay
should I get rid of Facebook or should I
keep it because all this is very scary
they're talking about the fact that this
is where I get my news from this for a
lot of people Facebook is their one news
source so I know theory they entered you
know they got that job at Facebook
didn't think that they were obviously
they didn't call themselves journalists
but I mean it is becoming a media
company it
last data point here so if there is any
bias in the algorithm based on the
actual numbers it is definitely against
the left and not against the right Mike
calm where you write articles
left-leaning their traffic went from get
a load of this from 8.9 million to four
hundred and seventy five thousand what
is it stating devastating so if you if
your conspiracy winery it is right that
facebook rights and political bias into
the algorithm then they hate liberals so
look at the actual facts and stop
calling them their goddamn lawyers
that's what Ted Cruz is that's what Joe
Barton is that's what diamond and silk
are almost all the Republican
politicians led by Fox News is a nest of
vipers and Liars
stop giving them the legitimacy they
have never earned if you want to get the
whole young turks show every single day
become a member TYT Network comm slash
join and once you do you'll be saying
get home like a smart person or you
might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
