so Donald Trump calls in to Jeanine
Pirro Fox show and they had a little bit
of an issue in the very beginning of
this interview
take a look mr. president thanks for
getting back to us being high okay so
let's do it okay it's okay and you're on
there right now mr. president sir hi
that was amazing but if you know what
I'm sure that that short interaction
really resonated with Fox News's
audience considering the dominant
demographic that watches yeah a lot of
people go in like oh we're now on the
phone I don't know what's going on who's
speaking what's going on look it's a
little bit of a miscommunication it's
not the end of the world but it's just
funny it's just a little bit of fun
but as usual with Trump even when he's
being despicable he's a tiny bit
entertaining that's what the right-wing
really likes about him so the part I was
actually more amused by is when he said
later in the interview uh in Jenin you
have beautiful ratings beautiful ratings
okay everything goes everything boils
down to ratings
television is it good is it not good is
the marketing good he thinks of
everything in terms of a reality show
yeah and it's devastating because people
voted him into office thinking oh yeah
he's a smart savvy businessman he's
gonna run the country like a business
which by the way running the country
like a business is a bad idea to begin
with but no no he's not a smart savvy
businessman he's not running the country
like a business if anything he's running
the country as if it's a giant reality
show and it's a disaster well he's
running the country like it's a circus
yeah and if you're a clown that makes
sense that's all you've ever worked in
before and that's and so Jeanine Pirro
is a maniac have you ever watched her
show she comes on air and well you won't
get animated from time to time I do
right but she's
screaming at the top of her lungs from
minute one and that's just the way she
talks she's like Jesus Lord I said what
happened right
and so Trump we look at this and you go
that's a clown right yeah
and trouble accepting goes hey that's a
clown that's one of my people she's
beautiful ratings so anyone who kisses
ass which she does on a regular basis he
almost lives up there Trump
oh absolutely good that's it that's it
this is like what kim jeong-hoon
wrote me a beautiful letter and i fell
in love with him he literally said when
he fell in love that they fell in love
together him and kim jeong-hoon
it doesn't matter if your murderous
dictator or Bozo the Clown on Fox News
there's only one thing he needs for you
to kiss his ass and the minute you do
that good job Janeane good job I'm going
to call it on a secure connection here
okay Jeanine Pirro strikes me as the
type of person who probably stockpiled
fen-phen when she found out that it was
likely gonna be banned by the federal
government so you know I need the pen
pen I need the pen pen I feel like she's
on phen-fen on every single episode she
is on one I don't even know what
fen-phen is it was that diet pill that
had you know people had like heart
conditions after taking it okay it's an
interesting thing we don't know for sure
okay it is speculation on my part you
know what and to be fair to judge judge
Jeanine Pirro
God imagine if you were in her courtroom
like you're like all right I'm gonna get
some justice here it's just that's my
judge that's the judge I'm more stable
than she is and I'm on trial okay anyway
to be fair to judge Jeanine Pirro she
might have natural fen-phen built-in
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today for more exclusive
content join now at TYT dot-com /join
