Donald Trump has decided to harden
scooter libby scooter libby from the
bush administration from the bush era
the individual who outed a CIA official
to a New York Times reporter by the name
of Judith Miller now Trump and the White
House have released a statement in
regard to the pardon of Libby and it
says that Trump issued an executive
grant of clemency a full pardon to
scooter Lois Libby former chief of staff
to Vice President Richard Cheney now for
those of you who don't remember what
happened with Libby he was convicted
back in 2007 of lying to the FBI and
obstruction of justice in the
investigation into the leak of the
identity of Valerie Plame a former
covert CIA operative George Bush
actually commuted his 30 months sentence
sparing him prison time but he didn't
give him a full pardon now he was
convicted
keep in mind Libby was convicted of four
counts one count of obstruction of
justice two counts of perjury one count
of making false statements so this is
interesting out of nowhere when I saw
Scooter Libby in the headlines I was
like wow blast from the past and this is
happening so the guy who said that he
was for rule of law did the big fiery
speech during the Republican convention
now pardoning people over and over who
are lawbreakers based on what is he
saying for example oh my god turns out
somebody smoked pot 20 years ago he's
still in jail are you crazy we got to
let the guy just some seeking some sort
of justice no he always done is pardoned
political allies who were clearly
lawbreakers let me was so bad
Bush refused despite Cheney's vehement
demands Bush refused to pardon him even
though he was part of his administration
a huge part of his administration Trump
comes in and does so why does he do it
and why does he do it now oh he number
one he's sending a message I will pardon
political allies okay so keep that in
mind everyone talking to the special
counsel right now and number two Libby
is
was convicted as and appointed out of
lying to the FBI and obstruction of
justice so setting a precedent for
pardoning people for lying and
obstruction of justice there's a special
irony of it today but I want to let
these guys jump but I'll get back to the
irony you know what this is all about
you're right I mean I don't know so what
does he believe in I mean first why
would scooter libby need a pardon he
never went to jail George Bush made sure
he never went to jail he's back to
practicing law he doesn't need this damn
pardon he's doing it to send a message
to everybody else saying don't worry
I've got your back and almost like I've
got my own back exactly but also what
scooter let me do he revealed the
identity of a CIA agent an undercover
agent who had people working all around
the planet for her Valerie Plame whom I
know it's good friend putting people's
lives at risk
and this kind of proves if you're a
Trumper man you can violate national
security you can jeopardize our national
security and that's all right as long as
you're loyal to me it's not just Trump
words I think I think a lot of times
it's interesting how quickly Republicans
will go from law and order to then look
in the other way because you're right
Scooter Libby did put her life in
jeopardy and somebody I just heard was
talking about how john bolton perhaps
was behind some of this in terms of say
you know cuz he is a scooter Libby's
supporter
oh that's brought that up of saying
perhaps he'd gotten into Trump's ear as
well and said this is not a bad idea the
day that call me is now coming up
because Comey was the one who had
prosecuted him correct it wasn't either
one so by the way I got I gotta say the
scooter libby what a great name just the
name scooter
what scoots is he the lib what who is it
exactly that we're sure yeah this is
Jeannie this is Cheney's guy yeah and
you know what what I hate about this too
is it I hated george w bush but Donald
Trump makes me like George W Bush I know
right I mean you don't like george w
bush but i see what you're saying i mean
when you compare him to trump he seems
and he realized they're giving him a
full pardon was going too far based on
what he did yeah so he said what i want
he wants every prison time
but I'm not gonna let him uh focus I see
someone else so in terms of scooter
libby bush-cheney all these guys what's
amazing to me is when we were going into
war with a rock and a lot of us knew
this is not the right move to do and
they were like rah rah rah and a lot of
Republicans let's go let's go let's go
in my mind I thought okay once it comes
out and it's a disaster they will own it
and they still have not owned it John
Bolton very boldly still supports
phthalo hawk and now secure delivery one
of the guys who was involved in all this
stuff he's being pardoned so they still
are not Republicans are still are not
admitting to go hey that was a bad idea
million you know hundreds of thousands
have millions of innocent people have
died because of this war so it's just
it's more of the same I can I just also
add that the scooter libby pardon comes
on the heels of the joe arpaio pardon I
mean when this administration is over
sooner the better
right the list of people that he's
pardon is going to be the rogues gallery
of just you know you know contempt of
court or obstruction obstruction of
justice which is you know something that
he is facing in an investigation for but
I do want to read a quick quote from
Donald Trump in regard to scooter libby
I mean does he know scooter libby well
did he really look into this case deeply
to make this decision here's his quote I
don't know mr. Libby but for years I
have heard that he has been treated
unfairly
hopefully this full pardon will help
rectify a very sad portion of his life
what that's amazing but who admits that
they're giving a pardon based on four
years I have heard that he has been
treated unfairly did you read any of the
documents did you look at the indictment
did you look at the conviction the plea
did you look at anything
no people been telling me I don't know I
think I saw it on Fox News which goes a
Mazdas point you probably heard from
john bolton yeah and you know oh yeah I
hear he's been treated unfairly homework
who wants to do homework who cares this
is a classic trumpism everybody believes
yes that Comey should have been fired
everybody believes as good or Livi but
nobody believes about him and Bolton so
Jamie maybe let so let me be clear about
one thing and then get to the irony
look III think George Bush so still is
worse than Trump at this point now Trump
is dumber which is unbelievable I
couldn't have imagined that in mind that
we would have a president dumber than
george w bush he is more unstable he's a
menace to the world etc but Bush started
the Iraq war that got millions of people
killed so
Trump has not yet done that and I hope
we can get him out of office before he
does that's my take on that but but in
terms of the irony this is the same day
that an inspector general report comes
out about Angel McCabe who Donald Trump
does not like because of his role in the
FBI and they the Spector Journal says
that McCabe had a lack of candor in
talking to the FBI Trump goes ballistic
he's like I knew it what a liar then he
pardons a convicted liar who lied to the
FBI to count the same day you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
