Bernie Sanders Town Hall it was revealed
that 44 percent of homeless people
actually have jobs actually work and
Steve found this this is a great idea
these are this is a company that employs
homeless people so here we go let's take
a look at it here we go no one has
fallen back into the shelter
once we've hired them I became homeless
and February of 2013 it was storing a
recession I had recently lost my job and
my son's father had put up our house
miss Scott and her team actually aim
into the shelter we filled out the
application and she actually shook our
hands
the Apollo clan jacket is pretty unique
looks like a regular coat by day but
then you fold pull the parts of the
jacket and you're now in a sleeping bag
always changing the color of the product
you don't want to create a home consumer
farm or cult is special because it is
able to reach an individual that has or
is in the same position that we are in
or happening
we are focused on ending generational
poverty and homelessness through
employment and I'm helping people break
that cycle by reform a mob there is a
powerful ripple effect on the entire
community that woman isn't just taking
care of her kids but there's also family
involved and her firms and their people
no one knows how to sell or they hire we
make coats so that we can hire people
not the other way around
for us what really matters is the
motivation of Utah well everyone is with
us everybody moves out of the shelter
usually for the first four to six weeks
we now have a staff of close to 40
people this is an actual permanent
changes instead of just moving people
jobs and service to service we're
helping people see the life that they
are put on their own works well I'm
coming up on my fifth year working here
I'm pretty stoked to see where we're
gonna go in another five years or so my
plan is to stick around for Lausanne
we're like a transitional employer every
day people are on the cloth of sitting
paid to go get their GED to go to
financial literacy professionalism
leadership development classes learning
to support anyone to work with us and
then move on into the next job so there
you go that's the empowerment plan and
that's in Detroit the empowerment plan
creating jobs that lift people out of
poverty yeah so I came across this video
my facebook feed of all places and I I
just fell in love with it because this
woman Veronica Scott kudos to her she
she said she went to some design school
she was designing coach or whatever and
somehow she wind up at the shelter to
help make coach for these people and and
some woman got in her face and yelled at
her
I said I don't need your damn coach what
I need is a job so that inspired her to
look at the problem in a different from
a different perspective some was yelling
at her she said you know what that's a
fair point she doesn't she's more than a
coach he's a job so she rethought the
issue in she came up with his idea and
she got funding from some local
organizations and she put it together
and she's she's like she said in the
video she's breaking the cycle of
poverty and uplifting you know hopefully
this whole community so I'm you know if
you I'm gonna donate and yeah the
viewers want to donate that'd be great
it's 100 dollars a coat you can sponsor
a cure so that's what they say it costs
$100 to sponsor a coach which covers the
cost of labor materials and overhead
expenses sponsor a coat to be given to
someone in need by making a donation to
receive a coat for someone in need in
your community contact us so you just go
to their web their website is it an
empowerment plan org I don't know what
it is empowerment plan org just like I
said yeah there's no I was just kind of
amazed at the vidya for a couple of
reasons one the woman who was hired her
reaction was unbelievable when she said
she actually you know about Veronica
Scott she came in and she actually shook
her hand she was so happy to be treated
a human being with personal interaction
treated with the respect and dignity
and you know we have so many homeless
people they so want jobs they want to
lift themselves up out of poverty and
when we give them the tools to do it
they do it like she said they don't go
back to the shelter's right now they
have a job they have a home their
learning skill sets and they want to
transition to a different company or get
a degree they can do that too so I love
it or doing and I wish would take just a
sliver of the 700 billion entire
Pentagon budget voids do more plans like
this more more programs like this to
help more people across the country
are you sick and tired of corporate
Democrats as much as we are and you
think we can have what the rest of the
world has and come watch the aggressive
progresses with us on The Young Turks
Network
