a new report in The New Yorker and The
Associated Press indicates that there
were other instances of the National
Enquirer which has been very favorable
to Donald Trump catching and killing
certain stories that would make Trump
look bad now we know about the story
involving a woman that Trump had an
affair with and how the National
Enquirer essentially bought the rights
to her story and then did not publish
anything about the story but now we have
yet another example of the National
Enquirer doing something very similar so
let's get to that
now National Enquirer a publisher
America media American media Inc paid
thirty thousand dollars in late 2015
about eight months before Michael Cohen
paid off story stormy Daniels to a man
named Dino sardine a former doorman at
the Trump building to prevent him from
publicizing a rumor that Donald Trump
fathered a child out of wedlock he had
told the tabloid that he heard Trump
fathered a child with a trump employee
in the late 1980s so that is the story
that the National Inquirer did not want
published anywhere so they met with this
guy they paid him $30,000 and then they
never published or ran this story
because they had no intention of doing
so now it's interesting is someone
leaked information about this deal to
the media and so the former Trump
employee decided to speak to the press
about all of this and he said I can
confirm that while working at Trump
Tower I was instructed not to criticize
president Trump's former housekeeper due
to a prior relationship she had with
President Trump which produced a child
now I want to be clear about something
we have absolutely no evidence that he
actually fathered a child with someone
that he had an affair with doesn't sound
like Trump to me again we don't have
evidence and I don't even want to
speculate but with that said I think
that what's happening right now with the
National Enquirer is scary and you know
damaging to our whole political system I
mean if they are going out of their way
to silence people first of all there's
an issue with potential campaign finance
laws
being broken which needs to be
investigated but more importantly it
it's skews the way the press covers
certain stories in a certain candidates
favor and I wouldn't want that in favor
of a Democrat and I certainly don't like
it in favor of a Republican like Donald
Trump I'm glad to hear you say that
because that's exactly the upshot of the
story which is essentially this is
what's going to happen in America where
media companies are controlled by
companies with great political bias I'm
thinking of Sinclair for example but
here it's as am i they they have lists
of course the top BMI is one of trumps
best friends and that's why they're
being proactive and at least allegedly
paying off people or buying their
stories and then not running them
killing the stories and and and that's
going on but as but as Anna says what
you have is with a hugely biased media
you have media that's masquerading as
neutral but it's actually producing a
huge political bias and so our ability
to take in information in this country
that represents both sides or all the
facts to all the various sides and that
they're more than just two sides to most
of these situations
that's blunted so it's I think that's
exactly the essence of this can we talk
about not we the right wing talks about
liberal media bias on a regular basis
how the bothell the fake news it's the
liberal media bias this that the
conservatives are being censored I mean
it is probably the most classic case of
projection because they're accusing us
you know established media outlets of
doing exactly what they do
right this whole catch and kill a
strategy that National Enquirer is using
I mean look at what's happening with
Sinclair buying up all of these local
channels and and running these must run
segments with borsch epstein or whatever
his name is I mean it's it's absurd and
so it's the spread of misinformation is
scary the impact that we're seeing here
with the National Inquirer killing
stories that would make Trump look bad
that's scary
I mean National Enquirer it was a
publication that destroyed John Edwards
career that's right yeah if you want it
that people might feel like once the
National Enquirer what's the big
but the truth is that that tabloids led
a few big stories Oh Jay Simpson what
they uncovered a ton of stuff they were
really leading the press charge their
Bell sister they also undermine see ya
little speaker in a cabin they also
undermined the OJ Simpson case of course
by by paying witnesses who then although
then the prosecution rather than just
putting those witnesses up there and
admitting to the payment to decided not
to use those witness that's exactly
right they felt that that by taking that
money they were tainted in some way it
been tainted but they have in other
words their their alleged in in certain
areas and this is sort of a tabloid
story right fathered a child out of
wedlock this kind of thing but these
tabloid stories they can sink a
candidacy as Anna's just said the
National Enquirer
leads the charge oh yes they led the
charge or they they got the John Edwards
story I suspect look the guy had a kid
that story was going to get out but yeah
I don't want to I don't want to be part
of anything that I agree with you but I
mean the National Enquirer they they
have lessened the value of America they
are their thorns in the side of decency
and good people everywhere it's a
terrible awful publication run by
terrible awful people yes they've gotten
some stories right yeah they've also
been sued many times they also get
stories wrong they that said interesting
that Ronan Farrow he talked to a bunch
of sources at am i six of them and while
most I think said that they did they
thought they had significant skepticism
at a bare minimum about the veracity of
the story that the doorman was peddling
he didn't even claim to know he just
heard it right so when he got a
lie-detector test it doesn't even really
matter what it did with the lie-detector
test because the lie-detector test would
only determine whether it was true that
he'd heard the story right he didn't
know whether the story was true anyway
but all six of the sources Farrow talked
to all six said that no question am I
worked to spike the story because they
were all working on and with Edwards to
the point that they could have done
significant effort with Trump in fact
David pecker could have used his
relationship with Trump they they routed
around in John Edwards trash to be able
to do the DNA test to link him to the
kid yeah that is incredible yeah so
let's hear from Ronan Farrow he was
speaking about his story in The New
Yorker on CNN and I think there was some
interest
tidbits and what he has to say take a
look the reporting suggests that there
was this salacious rumor of an affair
potentially a child born out of the
affair largely baseless we didn't
uncover any evidence that this was real
however what we did uncover very firmly
was source after source within am I
saying they paid this money am i the
parent company of an heiress company
National Enquirer they then added a
liquidated damages clause to this deal
with this individual who had the
information from supposedly within the
the company saying he would have to pay
a million dollars if he ever breathed a
word of this and then they killed the
story and you know we heard over and
over again that was a direct order
coming down from David Peck or the head
of this company who has publicly
professed an allegiance to Trump and
this is significant every legal expert
told us because it establishes a pattern
now this is potentially the third
illicit payment during the election
cycle stormy Daniels which was a direct
deal with that woman to silence a story
that she had and then Karen McDougal
story which she first talked to us as
well and another example of through this
same company that owns the National
Enquirer a story being caught and killed
yeah and and Mike Cohen all over this
story as well yeah so that is something
to keep an eye on and of course we're
gonna keep an eye on that as well so
let's quickly mention the liquidated
damages clause so they paid the store
man thirty thousand dollars for the
story but in the contract that he signed
it indicated that if he talked about the
story with anyone else he would be fined
a a million dollars so of course he's
not gonna go around talking about the
story he doesn't want to deal with the
the ramifications of speaking out also
doorman in a nice building I think he
can pull in like two point six a year
with a secret and that building now when
it comes to the illicit payments which
Ronan Farrow mentioned in that interview
he's of course talking about the payment
that was made to stormy Daniels and then
he was also referring to a Playboy model
by the name of Karen McDougal so let's
talk a little bit about that according
to CNN am I also reportedly paid the
Playboy model Karen McDougal $150,000 in
August of 2016 so again this is right up
to the election very close to the
election date for her story about a
nine-month affair with Trump the deal
also reportedly included a deal to
publish regular columns by mcdougal on
Aging and fitness the National Enquirer
never ran her story either and only ran
a small portion of the columns that they
were agreed to yeah obviously I mean
Farrow is is remotely fairy it looks
just like what he Alan doesn't he
the I mean yeah I mean this is a pattern
right we've seen it this is now three
different stories I tell you so
Stephanie Clifford who was stormy
Daniels her contention is that she had a
relationship with Trump but they were
intimate one time Karen McDougal had a
nine-month affair so that nine months of
an affair that you know literally dozens
and dozens of times was only worth
twenty thousand dollars more I mean
there's really diminishing returns oh
that's a great point
yeah the value one hundred thirty
thousand for once and 150 thousand for
nine months I mean really just do it
once I think well I think it's
inconceivable that there there's no such
thing as returns where you sleep with
that guy right like there's no amount of
money there's no amount of anything it's
just weird I try to figure out like like
what's the scale sure right you know
what is what is and Karen McDougal it's
got to be a little bit of like come on
man
well because mcdougal was legit like
from mainstream life that's why her
numbers lower of course stormy Daniels
race but it's a radioactive thing she's
a porn star let's pay her a you know a
big amount and shut her up this is a but
as you say a nine-month affair that's a
long time to keep a lid on in a really
key nine-month period right can you
imagine if any other publication did
this to protect Obama how conservatives
in the country would react to that and
there's and by the way we on The Young
Turks would be just as outraged if there
was any media organization doing that in
order to help a democratic
politician win an election and I don't
care I don't I mean I if this were
proven none of this would cause me to
remove Trump from office none of it none
of these things right but you would
think that in a normal world who would
outrage conservatives social
conservatives who voted for him but it
doesn't so whatever but they don't
believe it and many of them believe that
Barack Obama had his gay lover executed
I know you know that's still a crazy
conspiracy theory that I see we know
that guys still alive
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you get a completely ad free
if you could become a member of the
Young Turks TYT Network calm slash join
