Shaun Simpson is a teacher a science
teacher at Marjory Stoneman Douglas high
school and he was one of the teachers
actually the only teacher at this campus
who was very much in favor of arming
educators he thought that it was a good
idea
now unfortunately he has been arrested
because unfortunately he made a terrible
mistake while he was at an establishment
he the Deerfield Beach Pier that's where
he was at in the Deerfield Beach area at
6:40 Lauderdale you know it's like it's
up the up 95 some people did guns okay
so let me fill you in on that so
apparently he was at the Deerfield Beach
Pier he was in a bathroom stall he had
his gun with him a 9-millimeter Glock
and he left that gun behind when he left
it behind a homeless individual found it
shot it and luckily the bullet hit a
wall and no one else got hurt
however both individuals got arrested
Shaun Simpson got arrested and he is
charged with failing to safely store a
firearm a second degree misdemeanor and
the homeless man who shot the gun was
also arrested two huge problems with
John Simpson here one taking your Glock
to the Deerfield Beach by suddenly
using the stall in the public bathroom
at the Deerfield Beach Pier I think just
just go home I don't know maybe a hotel
also put your gun down in that stall
it's picking up all of them yeah you
don't need you don't even want to shoot
somebody it's too filthy I mean this is
a teacher who was making the case that
teachers should be armed that they are
the perfect type of people to be like
first of all most teachers don't want to
be armed to be fair however you can't
make the argument that students would be
safer if teachers were armed and then
proceeded to leave your firearm behind
in a public stall you know the story
that I got was was was underlined and so
I was sort of skipping around to the
parts that were were under like I didn't
realize that he was the teacher
said that he will even EBR everybody
it's literally I don't if you told me
that I wouldn't have believed the story
right I'm like it's too good but no yeah
absolutely it's like you couldn't write
it better right cuz you know where else
he would leave the in the stall at the
school attacking the teachers break room
at the school on his desk at the school
when he ducked out real quick yeah if
you want to get the whole young turks
show every single day become a member
TYT Network comm /join and once you do
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person or you might say I think
it's weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
/ joy
