the Mill Creek School District in
Pennsylvania is looking into possibly
arming their teachers it is not legal to
do so yet however until it becomes legal
they're hoping to arm teachers with tiny
baseball bats I'm not kidding they're
literally tiny baseball bats they're
about 18 inches long Junior has one here
doesn't mean he has a real baseball bat
yeah but he also we have a little hit a
little one here for a long time are they
for children yeah they're for children
to hurt each other
you don't run offices and stuff people
have like remember if like they'll give
them away they'll be a give away at the
Dodger game you got a little Dodger one
and then you get I know this is a little
bit of a tangent I hate when people give
me stuff like that I I don't like
clutter please don't don't give me stuff
like that I don't want a memento at the
Dodger games at a Dodger game last night
and it was sweatshirt night like it's
technically a nice give it's a hoodie
you know but it's got the like the bank
sponsor name on it the night when they
gave out baseball cards right I'll trade
you the baseball card for the hoodie
I'll give you the the so I say you know
and and oddly enough my my wife and
daughter out of town and they also went
to a baseball game yesterday and I went
to a baseball game that night so I told
my daughter this morning that I got a
hoodie and she goes we don't need
another thing all right well back to
Mill Creek School District now the 16
inch they were they're not even 18
they're 16 inches the 16 inch bats were
distributed to each teacher following an
in-service training day on how to
respond to school shootings I mean the
great crazy that they were actually
given out so they had an idea and that
had them went bottom taxpayer money a
little less than two grand I think is
what it cost but it you know it's funny
that they say it's a symbolic thing and
if it is symbolic then I guess okay but
it's ridiculous I mean we're talking
about people who are coming in to these
places that we want these kids to be
safe and they're coming in with these
weapons of war and then we hand out
these 16-inch
bats to people it's it's just I don't
know I mean I I mean first of all if
somebody comes into the school and
starts throwing you mini sliders
you're gonna want a mini bat well it's I
don't know I don't know I don't want to
mock them for I mean I don't want them
to have guns so you know no one's gonna
get hurt with a 16-inch bat it's it's
it's depressing to see what kind of
solutions are and look you can't blame
the the school district I mean they're
not the ones who write legislation and
vote on legislation again it goes back
to our lawmakers and their inability to
do anything in regard to these mass
shootings that's that's the real issue
here but since our lawmakers are
refusing to do anything about it
everything feels more militarized
everything feels as though our privacy
is being violated I'll give you an
example so at this school district in
Pennsylvania they're coming up with
other solutions in addition to the tiny
baseball bats they're proposing a
concrete barrier around the high school
walkway and additional security measures
at each entrance so those security
measures include the metal detectors and
all of that it's it's just very sad that
again everything everyone has to be
inconvenienced we have to give up our
freedoms our privacy rights all of that
in order to accommodate for the wrong
interpretation of the Second Amendment
you know this ridiculous interpretation
that the Second Amendment means that all
of us can have freaking bazookas and
things like that it doesn't it of course
we should know but I mean but of course
like it's not that complicate the guns I
mean the line regulators in there as
part of a well-regulated militia I mean
unfortunately it's incredibly poorly
written Amendment leaving it open to
interpretation I've not I don't think
intentionally just because nobody really
knew how to write back then except like
nine guys and and we they can give this
one to one of them so we do regulate
bazookas we regulate machine guns right
our debate right now it's a simple one I
mean I want to go further but but the
debate right now is a simple one we want
to regulate won't include these guns
these weapons of war that were designed
for soldiers at war and we want to
include them in the list of machine guns
and bazookas and tanks and they want to
include them on the list of handguns and
rifles correct it's not they put it like
that it's like okay well here we're
negotiating over this weapon right now
over which list it goes on what you just
watched was one of the videos that we do
today but we actually do a whole two
hour show every single day it's a
podcast you could watch it a video or
listen to it as audio you can download
it you can stream it you get a
completely ad free if you could become a
member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
