Governor Eric Greitens is facing a
number of serious allegations coming
from a woman that he had an affair with
and according to a report that was
recently released to the public we have
more information about some of the
sexual misconduct that he has been
accused of by this very woman now the 25
page report was released by a special
committee of the Missouri House of
Representatives which convened to
investigate Greitens after he was
indicted back in February so to give you
some additional context of the story it
all came to light when the woman who is
making these allegations said that he
was concerned that she might make the
affair or information about the affair
public and so he brought her to his home
had her tied up and blindfolded by the
way naked and then proceeded to take a
photo of her and then use that photo as
blackmail and the strategy didn't work
out so well and now there is a serious
investigation into these allegations now
in sworn testimony the woman accused
Greitens of forcing her into a bear hug
and putting her on the floor when she
attempted to leave his basement back in
2015 she also testified that he forced
her into oral sex while she was quite
crying uncontrollably finally the woman
also told lawmakers that Greitens
blindfolded her tore her shirt open
pulled her pants down took a photo
without her consent spat in her face and
called her quote a little whore
I dunno she said those things happen at
the same time doesn't really matter but
I thought those were over two different
times but maybe I misread it she
eventually said that she acquiesced to
the oral sex canhardly there's no
acquiescence there because she thought
it was the only way out of the basement
right her way to freedom was to complete
the act so prior to this report being
released Greitens held a press
conference and said the report is full
of lies it is a political hit job this
is a witch-hunt
in fact we'll play you a portion of that
and come right back over three years ago
I made a personal mistake I engage in a
consensual relationship with a woman who
is not my wife
it was a private mistake that I regret
every day and with the help of friends
and loved ones and prayer my family
moved forward this was a private mistake
that has nothing to do with governor and
shouldn't be about politics but people
are turning that personal mistake into a
political spectacle and telling new lies
about it
so he's denying it he says that it was a
consensual affair that he regrets but
that nothing was done against her will
and that these charges are unfounded
it's beyond a personal mistake now this
victims crossed that that barrier this
political witch-hunt the report which
was released Wednesday night by the
Missouri lawmakers are made up of two
Democratic lawmakers thank you and five
Republican lawmakers that's who's
orchestrating the witch shot against him
is a report that is 71% Republican and
Josh Hawley who is the Demery the
Republican candidate for Senate against
Claire McCaskill immediately said this
is ridiculous and he's got to go so once
your own turn on you it's a matter of
minute i when this first came out I
don't know when was a couple of months
ago to three months ago I I tweeted he's
not gonna make it till morning I was
wrong but he's not gonna make it till
morning he you know this is a guy years
ago he reserved Eric Greitens for
president not calm and you know he's a
handsome guy he looks like a politician
and son of that like veteran he's a
Rhodes Scholar a Navy Seal Bronze Star
Purple Heart everything about he's the
second youngest governor in the country
so everything about him suggested that
he was a star on the rise but it turns
out that he should be in prison he's an
abusive creeper getting that should be
in prison for the assault itself if you
want to debate the merits of blackmail
blackmail the black blackmail seams eat
more easily provable right but for both
he deserves to be not out of office but
he deserves to spend like five to seven
years
behind bars for president of Block B
right totally
so if you look at public opinion in his
state it appears that a lot of people
are turning on him including some of his
constituents who voted for him 47% of
people in Missouri disapproved of the
job that Eric Greitens is doing 48
percent think he should resign and 36
percent say that he shouldn't so more
people believe you should I know but 36
percent I mean it's so disappointing
done I mean first of all how does
bizarre get away with having a panel of
seven where it's not for three it was
five two Republican right
I mean the deck is stacked of his favor
and the report came out against him
because they found these two pieces of
chilly information one the attack itself
and then the blackmail he's a criminal
yeah Eric Greitens is criminal and and
it's not it's not hard it's not hard no
matter your party affiliation to say
that's the state party that brought you
Todd akin what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
