Mark Zuckerberg the founder of Facebook
has been testifying in front of Congress
over the last two days in fact yesterday
he testified before the Senate Judiciary
and commerce committees and we have some
video showing you some of the
incompetence from these senators in just
a moment but he also testified today in
front of the House Committee on Energy
and Commerce and in in today's testimony
it seemed as though the lawmakers were a
little more tech savvy and had tougher
questions for Zuckerberg and the whole
point of these hearings is to figure out
how our data is being utilized by
Facebook what type of measures they're
taking to protect our privacy and the
lawmakers also utilize this time in
order to ask some politically
politically charged questions in regard
to the types of political content that
people end up seeing on their feeds now
Lindsey Graham said something that I
thought was really interesting yesterday
he said quote most Americans have no
idea what they're signing up for because
Facebook's Terms of Service are beyond
comprehension and so a common answer
that Zuckerberg had to a lot of these
privacy related questions was that you
know there are certain things that are
very clear in their you know Terms of
Service and that people wittingly share
personal information about themselves
and so you know he took ownership and
responsibility for their mistakes and
their failures when it came to scandals
like the Cambridge analytic Ascan --dl
however the lawmakers are also having a
difficult time trying to figure out what
Facebook is what is it defined as is it
a utility similar to other businesses
that would be regulated under the FCC or
enforced under the FCC is it considered
a publisher or a media organization
which would have to deal with different
regulations and to be quite honest with
you I'm unsure whether or not they came
up with an answer in these hearings but
with that said I do want to go to the
first video because it gives you a sense
of where Republican lawmakers were
coming
from when it came to you know the
questions and what kind of answers they
were seeking from Zuckerberg take a look
so a great many Americans that appears
to be a pervasive pattern of political
bias do you agree with that assessment
senator let me say a few things about
this first I understand where that
concern is coming from because Facebook
in the tech industry or located in
Silicon Valley which is an extremely
left-leaning place and this is actually
a concern that I have and that I try to
root out in the company is making sure
that we don't have any bias in the work
that we do and I think it is a fair
concern that the people would would
wonder about let me ask this now it
should are you aware of any ad or page
that has been taken down from Planned
Parenthood senator I'm not but let me
just move on to network sorry about
moveon.org I'm not specifically aware of
those about any Democratic candidate for
office I'm not specifically aware I mean
I've I'm not I'm not sure in your
testimony you say that you have fifteen
to twenty thousand people working on
security and content review do you know
the political orientation of those
fifteen to twenty thousand people engage
in content review no senator we do not
generally ask people about their
political orientation when they're
joining the company I think there are
laws against asking potential employees
what their political affiliation is and
even if there weren't laws protecting
people from you know discrimination in
regard to their political viewpoints
really you think that Mark Zuckerberg is
gonna know the political identities of
20,000 employees I think that was such a
ridiculous question we're gonna get to
criticism of Facebook in a second yes
but because the Republican line of
questioning was so absurd I have to
address that first so there they're
saying oh again were there triggered and
the snowflakes are like oh my god you're
discriminating against us
what's your evidence diamond and silk
what okay so they wouldn't stop talking
about diamond and silk I'm like what the
hell is going on with diamond and soap
it's because it turns out the goofballs
at Fox News have been talking about
diamond and so rights to women who do a
comedic bit where they pretend to be for
Trump or they think they actually are
for Trump I don't care I interviewed
them before I went along with it it's a
nice little bit I don't care so they
like they turned diamond and silk into
like some sort of like Watergate
situation whoa okay look let me jump in
very quickly and give you guys more
context into what happened with diamond
and silk so apparently their Facebook
page was censored in some way because
Facebook like every other tech company
right now uses an algorithm and
unfortunately that algorithm wrongfully
shut down their page and so
conservatives use that as and by the way
they immediately reinstated the page
right as soon as they figured out that
there was a mistake they reinstated the
page there wasn't some sort of like
political hit job to get rid of diamond
it's nonsense do you know how many pages
that has happened to it's just that they
picked the one thing oh diamond is so
conservative it's a conspiracy because
they're lunatics Ted Cruz on his website
talking about how the United Nations
wants to force all of us into Hobbit
homes that was a quote from his website
okay so they and they take these things
and they blow them out of proportion so
a lot of Facebook pages that has
happened to there's no conspiracy and
the IRS same thing oh my god they're
totally conservatives and then they
actually wouldn't you did the whole
story and you found out by the end no
they'd actually target more liberals and
conservatives but at that point it
already had hearings and Fox News had
running a thousand times so no one ever
got to find out there the reality or the
ones who did are the ones who actually
bother reading papers so here the
Zuckerberg comes in there's real issues
to talk about giant issues about our
privacy about how we're running things
the people who write the algorithms are
in in a way setting our culture that is
such an amazing and interesting topic
but they spent half the time talking
about diamond and Silk who got their
page taken down for three and a half
seconds which happens to a lot of people
and they pretend it's art why and why do
they wine and wine and wine to the reps
so their Facebook the next time anything
happens goes may
sure that you treat the right wing with
kids gloves don't do anything don't do
anything to them and by the way if
anyone ever takes anything now from
social media that's right wing you know
what and it's real and it's substantive
and they keep it down you don't why
because almost every time it's about
threats of violence
it's about over-the-top racism and the
hideous hideous crap that they believe
now you want to own up to a Ted Cruz and
go why would you censor things from the
all right from the neo-nazis that vote
Republican all the time
then at least have the courage to say it
but what you're talking about a glitch
because you don't want to admit when
Twitter for example takes things down
it's because your guys threaten violence
so so let me just jump in and give you
guys further context cuz it is important
so a couple of years ago there was this
big scandal involving the trending
section on Facebook's newsfeed and as we
all know we what we see on our newsfeed
varies based on who we are they tailor
the content based on what they assume
you're gonna like or what you want to
see which i think is a disastrous idea I
want to see perspectives different from
my own because I don't want to exist in
a bubble so that is a legitimate
conversation to have those are
legitimate questions to ask now a couple
of years ago the trending section for
news on Facebook was what are you
curated by actual people and it was
exposed that those very people were
filtering out some conservative
perspectives conservative stories which
by the way I think it's a fair criticism
to point that out
in response Facebook said no well people
have biases so what we're gonna do is
we're going to allow an algorithm to
decide what will trend in the news
section but here's the thing there was a
huge flaw with that as well because once
they allowed an algorithm to take charge
you know people working in these troll
farms found a way to game that system
game that algorithm and all of a sudden
all this fake news would consistently
appear in that trending section so it's
a very complicated difficult issue it's
complex and one other thing I want to
add real quick jank look it happens to
both liberal
and conservatives the algorithm will
wrongfully censor something that it
shouldn't censor the only difference is
that conservatives will successfully
make a big deal about it
whereas liberals they just sit back and
I don't know they just they're not as
vociferous about it well I am and that's
why I'm so mad about this because this
is how they fix the game so it if they
they you go to the bright parts of the
world they print lies all the time
so if Facebook has a human curator who
goes why lie that is not a news
trustworthy news source because that
story turned out to be wrong it's
factually incorrect not that I disagree
with this opinion you name a
conservative website I can name you
dozens of lies that they printed on
purpose okay so then they go what you're
discriminating against conservatives so
why because they want to equate the
truth with the lies they want a Facebook
to call it even okay one side lies the
other side doesn't you have to call it
even otherwise I'm gonna cry and cry and
I'm gonna make a big stink on national
television and I'm gonna put all sorts
of political pressure on you right and
on top of that they're gonna what now
what is facebook gonna lean to do okay I
want to make sure Ted Cruz doesn't yell
at me okay go after the progressives
show them how tough we are against the
progressives and conserves never touch
them it doesn't matter if they spread
freak news almost all of the fake news
during the election was right-wing fake
news that's a fact that's a fact so you
guys spread the lies over and over again
and when anyone does anything about it
all you do is cry and demand a safe
space Facebook is not your safe space
these are private corporations and look
they've got a lot of Folsom for God's
sake we should talk about that and we're
going to but it isn't one of their
faults is not that they discriminate
against the service if anything they
bend over backwards and in fact the
election Trump won because they let
right-wing or spread fake news and they
let Cambridge analytical take our
information of 87 million people and use
it on behalf of your lies have the
decency for at least not cry about it
you whining a little bit
Ted Cruz have I been clear enough so yes
Ana it's about time that a progressive
fights back
but our democratic senators sit there
and our democratic rep sit there and yes
they as legitimate and good questions
from time to time but they never do what
the Republicans do so yeah I'm sick of
it I'm sick of it
so okay anyway that's clear now onto
Facebook look guys the whole I can
summarize the whole thing for you in a
one simple explanation and this is all
they should have talked about opt in
versus opt out okay so what right now
what Facebook does is opt-out system
what that means is you give them all
their the rights to all your information
unless you opt out unless you choose to
actively opt out and say you cannot use
my information now almost no one does
that a system that the Europeans are
pushing for and ones that smart senators
asked them about in common law Harris
has some really good questions fair's
fair good credit to people who actually
ask good questions and by the way i you
know ironic way i'll give credit to a
Republican Senator Lindsey Graham in a
second okay so if you do a system where
it's opt-in that they cannot take your
data unless you say yes it's okay to
track me and to take my data and use it
for advertising purposes etc almost no
one will do that the difference between
opt-in and opt-out for a company like
Facebook is tens maybe hundreds of
billions of dollars that's everything
opt-in versus opt-out is everything if
they demand that Facebook go to an
opt-in system Facebook is going to get
massively devalued so Zuckerberg is
sitting there in his suit thinking oh
please don't ask too much about opt-in
versus off now please don't ask about it
and these goofballs come in and ask all
that use all their time to ask about
diamond and silk so ask them the real
questions and that's a hell of a
question and that's a real tough
question and it's a and it's a fair
question our whole society should answer
and I'm not sure that I have the answer
to it but I'm certainly curious what
Zuckerberg would have answered if anyone
bothered to ask him if you become a man
Young Turks you'll be saying do you know
I'm like a smart person so do it right
now ey tea network.com slash joined get
the whole young turks Oh every day
