it's rare that elected Republicans
criticize Donald Trump at the very least
in public but Eric Erickson recently
spoke to a congressman who is staying
anonymous he was walking around Safeway
with him and that Republican congressman
was very blunt in what he thought about
Donald Trump so buckle up we're gonna
read some of his quotes if we're gonna
lose because of him we might as well
impeach the motherfucker
Wow
we're just warming up that's that's the
lightest part okay but I've never heard
any Congress and Republican or Democrat
talk like that about their own president
even if it's anonymous and by the way
these quotes are so devastating they're
gonna uncover who it is it's the
greatest mystery in Washington today
they can they can't not uncover it right
oh I can't wait to find out who it is
but wait till you get more let's read
some more and we'll see maybe we can
analyze these statements he may be an
idiot but he's still the president
leader of my party and he is capable of
doing some things right before conceding
it's usually other people doing the
right things as the president's name but
damn it he's taking us all down with him
we are well and truly fucked in November
Kevin McCarthy is already circling like
a green flies circling shit trying to
take Paul Ryan's job because nobody
thinks he's sticking around for Nancy
Pelosi she's going to fuck up the
cafeteria again too Lord's name in vain
at least I'll probably lose too and
won't have to put up with that shit so
by the way he said of course god dammit
yeah yes that's a nice little silver
lining for him I'm probably gonna get
thrown out too ya know so this is the
reality this is the truth this is the
truth that they all know in Washington
but no one will actually tell you so you
know Erick Erickson says he's conflicted
about putting this out there because
this guy goes on TV and defends Donald
Trump and then privately thinks this so
he's like look you should be honest with
people etc and I I think air Carson's a
terrible guy I disagree with him on a
thousand different things and but this
is like the rare case of a conservative
actually doing journalism that I have
seen in the last couple of decades
because you can't trust half the things
that they print but most of the stories
are nonsense but this is real this is a
real congressman talking to him and it
is a public service that eric erickson
let us know what they actually think in
congress so a nice job getting this guy
to say to you even anonymously and so
privately they all think Trump's an
idiot
even though was on TV you got oh no John
Doe mr. Trump is a wonderful excellent
commander-in-chief and great guy gets
off there's a fucking idiot man ruining
us all yeah so if you're a Donald Trump
supporter out there even the Republicans
in Washington think he's a moron you're
the only one left not realizing it
they're all laughing at you behind your
back and then my favorite part and
there's so many great parts here is his
concern for the cafeteria of all the
things but it really was a metaphor no
no no so but I'll tell you look it is
actually symbolic this whole story is
incredibly symbolic for all that's wrong
with Washington but that cafeteria come
because they're so self-obsessed that
they're not even like they're not
worried hey I'm gonna lose the they are
they're worried they're gonna lose their
power and they don't want to serve under
Pelosi etc but he is worried about the
effing cafeteria yeah it's working about
the cafeteria because he's like what do
I am I gonna get the burgers and they're
not gonna put the cheese on the burgers
I don't know right that's how shallow
they are remember the Democrats by the
way during the budget hold things we
thought that they said no and the
government got shut down for three days
because they were worried about daca it
turns out no they weren't worried about
daca we found on the reporting they were
worried that the Republicans didn't ask
them in the right way and took away some
of their privileges that they had in
introducing amendments oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah so but now get back everywhere for
you we've got to get a bit more here's
what he said it's like Forrest Gump won
the presidency but an evil really
fucking stupid Forrest Gump oh my god oh
my god he can't help himself he's just a
fucking idiot who thinks he's winning
when people are bitching about him I
hate Forrest Gump
I listen to your podcast and heard you
hate it - what an overrated
piece-of-shit movie this is like an
episode of veep this is it okay it turns
that beep is the most angry show on
television apparently okay we got more
Judiciary is stacked with a bunch of
people who can win reelection as so long
as they don't piss off Trump voters in
the primary but if we get to summer and
most of the primaries are over they just
might pull the trigger if the president
fires Muller the shit will hit the fan
if that happens and I'd vote to impeach
em myself
most of us would I think he'll all the
Democrats would you only need a majority
in the house if we're gonna lose because
of him we might as well impeach the
motherfucker take him out with us and
let Mike Pence take over at least then
we could sleep well at night and there's
a little bit more we're gonna lose the
house lose the Senate and lose a bunch
of states because of him all the
supporters will blame us for what we
have or have not done but he hasn't led
he wakes up in the morning shits all
over Twitter shits all over us shits all
over his staff than hits golf balls fuck
him is the greatest force these are the
greatest political quotes I have ever
seen ever
dude if you man up and you actually tell
us who you are I know you're gonna catch
a lot of grief and you're gonna have to
retire in the Trump people will hate you
forever but you'll be a little bit of a
legend so those are unreal quotes evil
fucking forest fuck gum more gum but
stupid mental damage oh my god it's
fucking golf balls okay no if he reveals
himself he might literally become Bill
Maher's co-host
oh yeah we're publican who hates Trump
is much it'll be all over it I mean look
at all this of course I can't say that
in public or I'd get run out of town I
say a lot of shit on TV defending him
even over this but but he would impeach
him he would impeach him by the way note
to the press this is why Paul Ryan's
retiring not because he wants to spend
time with his family or because of civil
war within the Republican Party or the
freedom caucus is pressuring him too
much because all of the Republican
Congressmen are thinking we're all going
to lose because of this guy anyone in a
district that isn't +20 Republican is in
fear legitimate concern of losing they
just lost the +19 seat in pencil
yeah so I mean right now they're in a
panic and and one more thing that's
super relevant to this and I fear saying
this but our job is to be honest and
give you a real analysis of the news
okay is that I think that his this guy's
real analysis not this bullshit he says
on television but his real analysis is
right about a specific issue that when
they got into the weeds he said look we
got to survive our primaries but after
the primaries we're in a better position
to impeach okay because then we won't
get primary by the Trump base for a
while yes so we we got to survive the
summer now it's not that he's looking
forward to impeachment you just heard
two quotes yourself he's just saying
that if it comes to impeachment and and
Trump fires Muller he's happy to take
Trump down with him because he's gonna
lose anyway or maybe he survives if he
votes for impeachment right but he
thinks he cannot survive if he stays
with Trump because of the general
election but he's got to make it through
the primaries first the reason I
hesitate and telling you that is Trump
is better off firing Muller now before
the primaries if he tries to do it after
the primaries all these guys are gonna
turn around and go look first of all I I
didn't get primary I'm fine there so I
don't have to worry about my right wing
I'm thinking of all in the general
election I'm screwed I'm looking at a 10
12 point deficit from which I can never
recover it and I don't have enough
months my only hope is I act out a
principle and then I can go to the
general election say what what do you
mean I was with Trump I voted to impeach
Trump so that both gives you a sense of
the dynamics of the Moller situation
that Oh secondarily it clearly obviously
gives you a sense of what Republicans
think about Donald Trump and whether he
actually should be impeached and whether
they actually did do terrible things
that could get him impeached and for
Moeller if they thought it wasn't a
serious investigation you think he's
talking about impeachment like this you
were like oh no Muller it's nonsense
no his real thoughts would be like oh
fucking Muller I can't believe fake news
whatever
right Oh the rogue FBI no he's like
obviously mother's right and so we got
to act if we don't and then finally look
in terms of whether Trump goes before
the midterms which is what I've been
saying all along Muller is gonna come
forward this year at some point right we
don't know what he's gonna come forward
but it's not gonna be 2019 then it's
gonna put all these Republicans to a
decision now if it's before the
primaries it's a different dynamic as
this guy explains if it's after the
primaries a different dynamic but either
way if even
Muller comes forward or Trump fires them
we're gonna get to a decision point and
it's gonna be before the midterms so
tick-tock tick-tock if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now t whitey network.com
slash joined get the whole young turks
oh every day
