a new estimate from the CBO reveals that
the Trump tax bill could end up costing
us and the country far far more than
originally believes or originally
pitched to us the new CBO estimate says
that the bill would cost one point nine
trillion dollars through 2028 much
higher than previous estimates largely
because it includes the interest costs
of servicing the debt which I would have
included in the original estimate yes as
well as more recent economic data they
originally thought it'd be 1.1 trillion
dollars they were only off by eight
hundred billion dollars almost double
what they originally thought and more
than enough we could play a little game
you and I we could come up with all of
the insane pie in the sky progressive
priorities that you could fund with the
rounding error they made on this
original tax bill you want four years
tuition free public college you can have
it you want single-payer health care
this will pay for a goddamn significant
portion of it if you want all of that
and that was just the mistake on top of
the already insane economic information
coming out of it now we have a
particular senator but we're gonna talk
about what he says about this what's
your initial reaction to this new
information okay so they're liars and I
know that on television for some reason
they're not allowed to say that so I
that's our job at The Young Turks
tell you what the reality is so you
think they didn't know that it was gonna
cost more than 1.1 trillion when they
made that estimate new economic data
this thing was in past years ago was
passed a couple of months ago how much
new economic data could you possibly
have and you didn't think to include the
interest payments in your original
estimate any amateur accountant
mathematician would have said oh the
money well how about how we're gonna pay
for the money that goes in the deficit
well wouldn't want to have to pay
interest on that shouldn't we include
that in the bill of course you should
include that in the bill and they all
knew it and they all chose to lie to you
and then now they're flummoxed as to why
it's not popular in the country well you
claimed you cared about balanced budgets
and you shredded the budget and you
added two trillion dollars to the
deficit so you give tax cuts for the
rich don't turn around now and go Oh
golly gee
that yeah oh it's not 1.1 it's 1.9 and
we just discovered that just a little
while after it passed where they didn't
even have the decency to wait a year or
so before coming out with the real
numbers back more than two years ago how
many videos did we do breaking down the
financial implications of the various
candidates tax bills we've read an old
trump book where he talked about tax
policy and used that in estimating how
much his tax bill would cost and people
thought at the time you're taking it too
seriously it's either too boring too in
the weeds or they're not actually gonna
win they're not actually gonna pass
something like this and it took a couple
of years but they actually did it and
now this 1.8 trillion dollars is not
just 1.8 trillion dollars being given to
the wealthiest people in the country it
is a justification to cut everything
they don't like for the next six plus
years any progressive priority any part
of the social safety net any entitlement
program or any of that Medicare Social
Security I mean come on we got it 1.8
trillion dollars we got to balance the
books now I mean sure we can give a
whole bunch of money the military we can
do that we can give a bunch of money to
the rich we can do that but we gotta
make ends meet so all of your
progressive priorities those are gonna
get the axe now that is what I was
warning about for literally years on
this program this is what they promised
they would do if they got into power and
what do you know they did it so even you
just made around the air it's actually
1.9 not 1.8 trillion that's true that's
a hundred billion dollars that tiny
little John just made is a hundred
billion dollars I can give you free
college education for every kid in the
country that tiny little rounding error
that I made right on top of there and
and by the way this is just one point
nine trillion dollars over a decade well
then there's the next decade and the one
after that and the one after that so
when we say two trillion just keep on
multiplying per decade because you think
they're gonna get us out of this hole
these are the same guys who claim that
that they wouldn't add a penny to the
deficit in fact that's the story about
bob Corker John's going to tell you his
quotes in a second but bob Corker said
he bowed at one point to not vote for
any tax bill that would add
one penny to the deficit instead he
added two trillion dollars to the
deficit and by the way there's spoiler
alert for you
these numbers are BS these numbers
aren't true under under count of what's
actually gonna happen because in these
numbers you know what they included they
included their Hogwarts wizardry of well
they say this is gonna make the economy
stronger so we'll factor that into how
much it's going to cost except that that
never actually happens you never get
trickled on the way that they say you're
going to so add all of that they're
ridiculous assumptions about economic
growth or making this seem cheaper than
it's actually going to be it's already
in two months risen by eight hundred
billion dollars what is gonna happen
over the next ten years god only knows
how much this is going to end up costing
that's exactly right last thing we're
finally you do a soccer quote so they
assumed great economic success to get to
these numbers preposterous totally
unrealistic economic success and then
you only lose one point nine trillion
dollars but they're not gonna get that
kind of success because that's this
doesn't do it it sucks the money out of
the economy the rich put it into savings
bless their hearts for saving the money
but it doesn't recirculate in the
economy whereas for example of the
middle class got a damn to spend it
right away then they buy things and it
recirculates and all of a sudden you
have economic growth this will not lead
to economic growth the only good news
that comes out of any of this is that
there will be a political revolution
before they any of this happens I mean
how much money can we bleed how much
will they cut try to cut Medicare and
Social Security and uh and and the
middle class etc by the way ten years
later when the deficits keep on piling
up the tax cuts for the middle class and
the poor get reversed they become tax
increases the only people get to keep
their tax cuts after a decade are the
rich that's written into the bill before
that we'll have a political revolution I
I hope but we're gonna reverse this
we're gonna reverse this I we can do
that but I also know how long it takes
to do anything in this country and there
I mean we could have not had that but
there goes six months of working on that
anyway hopefully uh now bob Corker
there's a reason we have him as a pig
behind me it's not just for fun although
it is fun here's what he had to say
about his votes remember he's going out
he's leaving government his worst vote
and his best vote this Congress and this
administration likely will go down as
one of the most fiscally irresponsible
administration's and congresses that
we've had my best vote one of the best
votes I've made here was a Budget
Control Act of 2011 you've talked about
the cost of this tax bill and if it ends
up costing what has been laid out here
it could well be one of the borsch votes
I've made I hope that is not the case
and I hope there's other data too to
assist whether it's jobs or growth or
whatever so look on the one hand I want
to give bob Corker credit because we're
the fairest show in America he's at
least a rare Republican senator granted
on his way out
but that admits it was a terrible vote
and this is the most fiscally
irresponsible administration in Congress
in American history so all the
propaganda you ever heard about the
Republicans caring about the deficit it
was always a lie it was always a ruse
for tax cuts for the rich okay fine
and I do give him credit for that on the
other hand Bob you're a smart guy you're
a successful businessman you really
didn't know you didn't know the
assumptions that went into that original
1.1 trillion dollar obviously you didn't
know they didn't put the interest rate
in there you didn't know that you
weren't gonna hit those economic numbers
you don't know today that it's not one
point nine trillion that is not gonna
get better it's gonna get worse you know
that you knew that when you signed it
and there was a world of pressure all
the donors and all your colleagues said
Bob don't screw this up all of our
careers depend on us delivering for our
rich donors and you did what they told
you to do because as a senator you
haven't been your own man just like the
rest of them
you've been an errand boy you did a nice
job as an errand boy delivering for your
donors I appreciate a tiny droplet of
honesty on your way out but there's a
door
it's all folks indeed you just watch the
video by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
