on the same day that Paul Ryan is going
to be stepping down not immediately but
he's not going to be running for
re-election we also have some other
resignations being announced on the
Republican side representative Dennis
Ross is going to be retiring too and
he's not the only one also
representative charlie dent is going to
be stepping down at some point he's not
going to be running but what's
interesting with him is his explanation
for why he's not going to be running
again and the position that Republicans
generally had been put in under Donald
Trump here he is a lot of wariness and a
lot of exhaustion frankly this is going
to be a challenging year and I've said
this many times that you know the litmus
test for being Republican these days is
not about any given set of ideals or
principles it's about loyalty to the man
and I think that's challenging and so if
you're a member of Congress right now
particularly in a swing or marginal
district and you go out there and you
put some distance between yourself and
the president's well guess what the
loyalists to the president say you're
betraying him if you put some distance
with the president you know those on the
resistance movement will say you know
you're still you're still a sick a fan
it's never enough so you're really in a
no-win position okay so thank you
charlie dent for being the one honest
politician in this case because every
politician that's leaving including Paul
Ryan today saying oh I'm spending time
with my family even though my teenagers
don't want to spend time with me okay
that makes no sense but anyway and then
Dennis Ross retiring saying eight years
a long time no it's not
people who stay in Congress for decades
and decades and decades be honest you're
leaving because hey you're about to lose
and you don't want to get humiliated and
be Trump has put you in an no-win
situation as charlie dent just explained
but mainly it's because you're gonna
lose so look we are seeing some of the
polling and the polling that we see has
huge swings in favor of the Democrats
and against Republicans
for example the older white educated
voters that went for two points in the
last election towards the Republicans
now why only two points even though
they're older and white because they're
educated okay now they're swinging ten
points in favor of the Democrats that's
a 12 point swing overall massive those
guys vote at much greater rates they're
in a lot of these swing states and swing
districts that is one
of dozens of polls that I can give you
now that those are the polls that are
public and then you've got Republican
pollsters coming out with their hair on
fire like Frank Luntz on Fox News the
other day saying no the Senate seemed
unusable but I think we're gonna lose
the Senate too and so it's gonna be a
huge wave especially in the house where
all these guys are retiring yeah they
don't want to get humiliated and if you
go out on top you say oh yeah I had it
all along I can't believe the other guy
lost that race I would have won I was a
great congressman give me money let me
be a lobbyist for you
you get run out of town you lose by 15
points or whatever you're gonna lose by
then when you go to try to get the check
the cash to check with the lobbyists
they go but you had no power you you
lost you lost your power you lost your
earning ability you lose so many things
that are the actual reality of
Washington that unfortunately and this
is what drives me crazy about the press
they almost never talk about and and
because it's embarrassing you'd have to
call out the politicians and and and to
say that they might not have purely
honest motives on a statements or pure
motives of course they don't of course
they don't everybody watching this knows
that right but on TV they're not allowed
to say that they're not allowed to say
Dennis Ross is full of it eight years is
not a lot of time in Congress he's
leaving now because he's gonna lose he's
very likely to lose lastly to the
internal polling all these candidates
have internal polling we never see those
must be a bloodbath
they are leaving in such record numbers
these Republicans that are in power
their internal polling must be a
disaster yeah that's why guys like the
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan are
leaving in Ross is leaving charlie dents
leaving credit to Charlie Dan for being
one of the rare guys who actually partly
admits it well and and also on top of it
it could be a pretty wise short-term or
medium-term strategic choice that you
don't want to be the guy that loses in
this big wave which is probably going to
happen but if you think if you're
looking out there and you're seeing you
know what the d-triple-c is doing and
stuff like that like there are these
forces working behind the scenes to
attempt to make sure that we get the we
just candidates that come out of these
primaries possible and obviously we're
fighting every day to make sure that
that doesn't happen but if it happens
we've been in about 15 years now where
waves or something like it happened
pretty frequently and if the d-triple-c
gets its way and you have a bunch of
milquetoast candidates then there will
be a wave that brings them into power
and then in two years or in four years a
wave will bring them right back out to
see if they're not doing what they said
they would do or if more importantly the
public is aware that they're not doing
anything that they don't actually
represent them that wave can be a very
ephemeral thing we're we're interested
in the oceans rising not in a brief
temporary wave now thankfully I've seen
data analyses of the people running in
primaries so far indicating that on the
issues they're actually significantly
more progressive like the the sheer mass
of candidates are more progressive and
so I think that in the end they will win
out but for some of these people why not
step down and then keep an eye on it in
two or four years and see if maybe the
the environments a little bit more
positive for you you just watch the
video by the young turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
