so today more bad news for Donald Trump
but this one has nothing to do with the
investigations against them it has to do
with an old investigation of Trump
University so let's go to ABC News to
explain this one a federal judge in
Southern District of California on
Monday finalized a 25 million dollar
settlement to be paid to the attendees
of the now-defunct real estate seminar
called Trump University and they
explained it that way because it was
never a real university just Trump
called it one and by the way that was
also against the law and it was just
seminars and people were hoodwinked it
was a scam it was a fraud oftentimes
they be told that they were gonna be
Trump and instead they get him to take a
picture with a cardboard cutout of Trump
kiss Trump is just nothing but a con
artist so and they charge people an arm
and a leg for this this by the way has
nothing new with politics this is way
before he ever entered the campaign New
York prosecutor Eric Schneiderman first
who Trump in 2013 for allegedly
defrauding thousands of Trump University
attendees out of millions of dollars and
so the New York Attorney General went
after him all those years ago because
anyone could see what this isn't a real
university is a total scam you're
robbing people blind so Trump has now
basically settled this case now he says
he didn't do anything wrong there's 25
million bucks saying otherwise Trump is
not the kind of guy to pay twenty five
million dollars if he thought he didn't
do anything wrong
so the settlement by the way will
recover about 90% of the costs of those
who attended so-called Trump University
meaning that he ripped him off for even
more money than that he's only returning
90% of it and and finally let me give
you our Miss quota on this
he said the settlement marked a stunning
reversal by President Trump who for
years refused to compensate the victims
of his sham University my office won't
hesitate to hold those who commit fraud
accountable no matter how rich or
powerful they may be now I want you to
imagine for a second
what FoxNews and the Conservatives would
have said if Obama had to pay a twenty
five million dollar settlement because
he set up a fake Obama University and
robbed people
you think maybe they might have called
him a hustler what wouldn't they have
called him look at the contrast between
the two guys one was a constitutional
law professor at one of the most
esteemed law schools in the country the
University of Chicago the other set up a
fake university to scam people and had
to pay them back twenty five million
dollars because he'd robbed them
that's who Donald Trump is he's a con
artist through and through and he has
been his whole life if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now TYT Network comm
/join get the whole younger so every day
