so the president's personal attorney
Michael Cohen has had his rooms offices
house raided this is a very significant
move they are coming for his documents
related to stormy Daniels and mcdougal
and perhaps other documents you related
to the National Inquirer and perhaps
related to Robert Muller's investigation
so I'm going to tell you what they came
for how they did it why it's okay
and of course how Donald Trump is
enraged over it so lots of fun for
everybody although of course the country
is in turmoil as usual under the Trump
administration so let's begin to explain
first we're at a hub post an agency's
documents relating to a hundred and
thirty thousand dollar payment to stormy
Daniels the adult film star as well as
emails interesting tax records even more
interesting and business documents
perhaps even more interesting because
sure if it's all just about storming
Daniels
Michael Cohen might be in a world of
trouble as we're gonna explain or have
legal experts explain to you in a minute
but if it's related to business
documents that also touch on Donald
Trump Trump could be an even bigger
trouble especially if they have
something to do with the Russians so now
let me go to Axios a White House source
talked to them and said mother's
investigations has been drip drip this
was a giant leap forward a personal hit
they were moving in inches today they
moved a mile so obviously a huge news
story here and the White House has taken
it as such the Washington Post says
Cohen is under federal investigation for
possible bank fraud wire fraud and
campaign finance violations all of those
are enormous ly serious and could have
put him away for a long long time unless
of course he cooperates which would also
be interesting now we're gonna go to
Michael Cole's attorney as Stephen Ryan
now listen to this quote because this is
very relevant to what investigations
this raid touches on he says
have been advised by federal prosecutors
that the New York action which is the
raid is in part a referral by the Office
of Special Counsel robert muller
initially everybody took that to mean
that this is not part of the Muller
investigation Muller referred it to New
York where local prosecutors then went
and did the straight and are now
pursuing the stormy Daniels
investigation and possibly campaign
violent finance violations etc but if
you notice he said that it was in part a
referral by the Office of Special
Counsel and not only that now lawyers
are correctly pointing out that well
Muller might have referred it but that
doesn't mean it's because they're in
charge of the investigation or it could
mean they're in charge of one
investigation the stormy Daniels one but
they could also be serving and I know
this is an uncomfortable term as the
taint team okay it is what it is that is
a legal term and the reason is you don't
want to taint the information that you
get from that investigation if it in
fact is attorney-client privilege
you don't want Muller's team to see it
because they're not allowed to see it
if it relates to their investigation and
it is actually privileged if it is not
privileged then Muller's team can see it
and the Southern District of New York
can pass that on to them so that's why
it might serve a dual purpose not only
to get Trump and Cohen on stormy Daniels
but possibly to touch the Russian
investigation but first it would have to
get past the taint team so very
interesting on a couple of counts and
gives you a sense of how broad this
could be now we go to law on crime they
explain to go after communications
between an attorney and a client
prosecutors have to have reason to
believe that those communications were
used in furtherance of a crime or fraud
in other words look going after somebody
is already a big deal raiding their
house is a huge deal
doing it to an attorney who might have
attorney-client privilege is a enormous
the√∂ so it is not like oh what's the big
deal like Giuliani I was trying to
Washington Post and he's like well it
might be to find evidence that the
prosecutors could use their it could be
to make sure that they are cleared other
prosecutors laughed and laughed at that
idea
no prosecutors do not go to a federal
judge and get a warrant on a case this
sensitive with potential attorney-client
privilege being involved as well because
they'd like to clear the suspect no they
do it because they think they already
have an enormous amount of evidence
enough evidence against the judge of
this and they'd like to get more
evidence possibly because that evidence
might be being destroyed now we don't
know that's that's the case but that is
one of the alternatives as to why they
would have such urgency in rating
someone's house or their office and now
back to the Washington Post they explain
Kona's Trump's virtual vault the keeper
of his secrets from his business and
deals to his personal affairs and the
executor of his wishes so whatever Trump
is done Michael Cohen very likely knows
about it that is part of why Donald
Trump is losing his mind as we speak
you know they arrested a lot of other
people he got angry in some cases mildly
disturbed in others and in this case it
is nuclear
because Michael Cohen has done a lot of
business deals with Donald Trump and he
apparently knows where the bodies are
buried and so if they've got his
documents tick tick tick tick tick tick
tick tick okay mark s Zaid who is a
Washington lawyer expert in this field
says the seizure of Kohl's records
should be quote the most concerning for
the president and apparently it is
because the president is not happy about
it this is what he said last night say
an attack on our country in a true sense
it's an attack on what we all stand for
so when I saw this and when I heard it I
heard it like you did I said that is
real
now in a whole new level of unfairness
no it is not remotely an attack on our
country in fact it is upholding our
finest traditions that no one is above
the law and so if all of the people in
the Trump administration signed off on
this warrant as they did as I'll explain
to you in a minute and a federal judge
signed off on it well that is exactly
what our rule of law is meant to do it
might be a personal attack on you
because you might have broken the law so
might your lawyer but that is not an
attack on our country it's quite the
opposite more from Trump this is the
most biased group of people these people
have the biggest conflicts of interest
I've ever seen Democrats all or just
about all either Democrats or a couple
of Republicans that worked for President
Obama they're not looking at the other
side they're not looking at the Hillary
Clinton horrible things that she did and
all of the crimes that were committed
they're not looking at all of the things
that happened yeah none of that is true
I will show you later which party they
belong to and who they are appointed by
suffice it to say that Donald Trump was
about 100% wrong in that statement so
now one more on the Attorney General
under which all of this is happening
that's Jeff Sessions are you frustrated
that the Attorney General is not your
personal lawyer and is not there to
protect you when you've broken the law
Donald Trump well let's find out the
Attorney General made a terrible mistake
when he did this and when he recused
himself or he should have certainly let
us know if he was going to recuse
himself and we would have used they put
a different Attorney General in so he
made what I consider to be a very
terrible mistake for the country it's
amazing
he admits obstruction of justice so
regularly and so publicly that it
confuses people
he keeps saying if I had known that Jeff
Sessions was gonna work for the American
people and not for me
well I wouldn't have hired him I want
him to protect me and the fact that he
recused himself and was honest about
and didn't protect me and said did his
job as attorney Channel
well that bothers me greatly why didn't
you protect my law breaking hii would
have gotten rid of Jeff Sessions look
normally you'd have to do document
requests other raids of other people's
homes and offices you'd have to do
depositions to find out this
incriminating in evidence but he keeps
saying it over and over again why would
the Attorney General protect me that's
not his job
he's the Attorney General of America not
of you but he thinks I am the country
I'm the president no that's not how this
country works you're not a dictator
you're not the ruler of all of us you're
supposed to be our representative so
your Attorney General is the top law
enforcement officer he's supposed to
enforce the law whether it applies to
you or the rest of us it is the only
thing that has ever done that is
principled and decent and of course
Trump hates him for now this is a fun
little compilation that we did Donald
Trump what's the one word you would use
to describe what's happened here it's a
disgraceful situation man it's a
disgrace it's frankly a real disgrace
and it's a disgrace it's a disgrace so I
just think it's a disgrace that a thing
like this can happen yeah that seems
clear that you certainly think that all
right so he wasn't done yet that was
yesterday so this morning he wakes up in
a rage so he tweets out in all caps as
usual a total witch hunt he thinks
that's clever that somehow that's gonna
get him off
that's what Nixon said Nixon literally
called Watergate a twitch ad before he
resigned in disgrace oh there's that
term again so then he tweeted out
attorney-client privilege is dead no
it's not so an attorney cannot break the
law either so we'll get to a fuller
explanation of that in a second
but first on the idea of this yeah on
the attorney-client privilege Richard
painter who worked as the head of ethics
for the Bush administration and a
Republican now not fond of the Trump
administration to be fair but not fond
of them because they keep being
unethical
anyway points out he's a lawyer he says
no there is a crime fraud exception to
the attorney-client privilege as there
has been for centuries and then he puts
the case there in case Trump wants to
read that old case which I'm sure he
does okay Trump not understanding the
law no well here's another tweet from
another expert joy Selina writes in or
alene I should say there are special
requirements for authorizing a search
warrant of an attorney's office both the
assistant attorney general for the
criminal division and the Deputy
Attorney General signed off on this one
possibly signaling a crime fraud
exception to the usual privilege for
attorney-client communications so you
cannot commit a crime and and a friend
one of fraud and then go but I'm an
attorney I'm an attorney no that doesn't
make you above the law either that's of
course immigrant ooh Michael Cohen now
we go back to the New York Times they
explained the FBI agents who raided off
as a president Trump's personal lawyer
on Monday we're looking for records
about payments to two women who claim
they had affairs with mr. Trump and any
information related to publisher of the
National Enquirer role in silencing one
of the women several people briefed on
the investigation said because in the
case of one of the women the National
Enquirer paid her a hundred and fifty
thousand dollars for a scoop and then
buried that scoop and never ran it now
this is a common mo for the National
Enquirer which works hand in glove with
Donald Trump and has for a long time
well before Trump ran for office well
that's the National Inquirer basically
helping the campaign by paying 150
thousand dollars and that not reporting
it so that could also be a campaign by
finance violation can't wait to see them
in court I can't wait to see the
documents that Cohan has in regards to
the National Enquirer which he struck
many deals with
that's gonna be good more from the New
York Times now this is really important
the involvement of mr. Rosenstein who
authorized this and top prosecutors in
New York in the raid of mr. Cohen's
office makes it harder for mr. Trump to
argue that his legal problems are the
result of a witch-hunt led by mr. Muller
in addition to mr. Rosa Steen who's the
Deputy Attorney General all of the top
law enforcement officials involved in
the raid are Republicans mr. Muller
Christopher a ray the FBI director and
Jeffrey Berman the interim United States
attorney in New York they're all
Republicans almost all appointed by
Donald Trump including rod Rosa Rosa
Steen he is a Republican appointed by
Trump to be Deputy Attorney General but
again Trump's like but why aren't you
covering up for my crimes oh my god I'm
so angry at Rosa's team well you
shouldn't be that's his job and by the
way credit to these Republicans for
being principled and doing the right
thing and actually doing their job
despite a world of pressure from the
leader of their own political party and
and Berman particularly appointed Trump
went outside of normal protocol to make
sure that Berman got that position
Berman is a former law partner of Rudy
Giuliani a huge ally of Donald Trump and
he authorized the warrant oh they gotta
have devastating evidence for those
Republican allies of Donald Trump to say
yeah this is really bad you should
really raid his home in his office Wow
can't wait to see that evidence in open
court okay now back to more facts here
and we go to MSNBC here they had an
expert in Frank fig Luisi he is a former
FBI director and so let me give you his
quotes he says this could primarily this
could be primarily assistant director I
should be clear former FBI assistant
director this could be primarily about
stormy Daniels if you think about the
election violation that could be the
contribution and kind by paying or off
if you think about bank
fraud it could be getting a home equity
loan to pay her off if there's tax
violations it could be fabricated
Delaware corporation to pay her off
he continues remember stormy is claiming
that a threat was launched in Las Vegas
parking lot against her and her child
there could be a federal Hobbs Act
violation there could be interstate
travel to communicate a threat there
could be interstate communication of a
threat versus via a phone or a computer
and if that's found in the search
results yesterday if it's found that
Trump knew about that we're into a
conspiracy to commit Hobbs Act that's a
serious crime of course all of these are
a serious crime so how much time could
Michael Cohen get the expert here
explains if you're looking at on
multiple violations of everything that
we've heard come out of the possible
search warrant motivations you're
looking at decades a couple of decades
potentially if they're all found guilty
dad now Michael Cohen did not get a job
in the Trump campaign as he was hoping
for after all those years of loyal
service to Donald Trump and all those
things that he did for Donald Trump
including paying $130,000 to stormy
Daniel's out of his own pocket and then
he didn't get a job at the Trump White
House either
that's how loyalty is repaid by Donald
Trump
well now Cohen is facing potentially a
couple of decades in jail
are you sure Michael Cohen is gonna stay
loyal to Donald Trump or maybe just
maybe a guy who was unethical enough to
represent Donald Trump in all those
dealings might think it's time to
protect myself and not work for this guy
anymore who's clearly not only not
protecting me not giving me the things
that he said he was gonna give me but if
it's a state case in New York the
president cannot protect him Oh
anonymous Trump adviser says Trump won't
like that Cohen is in the cross hairs
but
you have four remember he'd prefer the
heat beyond Cohen then on him well that
does sound very much like Trump you know
who else knows Trump Michael Cohen and
Michael Co is gonna know that so finally
we're gonna go to one other expert here
Louis sunshine she says when it comes to
Michael Cohen and this is a former Trump
Organization executive so she knows them
both when it comes to Michael Cohen
anything is possible
anything and everything is possible the
president is in deep deep trouble
thank God so let's see what he does next
is he gonna blow up is he gonna fire
roses scene and sessions and Muller
because in order to fire Muller he's got
a fire Rosenstein and in order to fire
roses Theni might have to fire sessions
I remember there was a Saturday night
massacre under Nixon which then led to
threats of impeachment which led to his
resignation we don't know how Trump is
going to react as more news comes out
about what Michael Cole might do but if
Michael Cohen flips it's good night
Irene
can't wait even if he doesn't flip they
have all of his documents no no not yet
ladies in Chapter not yet but we're
getting way way closer if you want to
get the whole young turks show every
single day become a member TYT Network
comm /join and once you do you'll be
saying get home like a smart person or
you might say I think it's weird or you
might say oops no that won't be that one
it won't be that one it'll be great
trust me TYT Network comm slash joy
