all right we've got a huge raid of
Michael Cohen's office as you all know
and his home this is done by New York
prosecutors but it is signed off by
federal prosecutors inside the attorney
general's office now Jeff Sessions the
Attorney General has recused himself
from this case so Rosenstein among
others are the ones that authorized it
I'm gonna tell you all about that and
then we're going to talk about with
whether Donald Trump is going to fire
robert muller
rod Rosenstein and Jeff Sessions so
first let's start with the New York
Times they explained Roger Rosen signed
the veteran Republican prosecutor
handpicked by mr. Trump to serve as
Deputy Attorney General personally
signed off on Monday's FBI decision to
raid the office of mr. Cohen a longtime
confidant of mr. Trump several
government officials said so yes the
Deputy Attorney General signed off on it
that means they must have some
incredible evidence that certainly
merits probable cause to get that
warrant and to get a a person who's a
Republican handpicked by Trump to sign
off on it
okay now as the time continues to
explain searching a lawyer's files is
among the most sensitive most federal
prosecutors can make as they pursue a
criminal investigation mr. Rosen's
team's personal involvement in the
decision signals that the evidence seen
by law enforcement officials was
significant enough to convince the
Justice Department's second-in-command
that such an aggressive move was
necessary now by the way don't forget
Rosenstein is not the only Republican
the head of the FBI is a Republican
Robert Muller is a Republican the person
in New York who authorized that United
States attorney Jeffrey Berman also a
Republican former law partner of Rudy
Giuliani a top ally of Donald Trump and
handpicked by Donald Trump and they all
authorized it and and that was to get
further evidence based on the evidence
they already had ok one more from The
Times mr. Trump's advisors have spent
the last 24 hours trying to persuade the
president not to make an impulsive
decision that could put the president in
more legal jeopardy in a night a
controversy that could consume his
presidency several people close to mr.
said you know I think they're
well-meaning and I think they're of
course correct in saying that it would
be a disastrous move politically and
legally on the other hand I think
they're continuing to be under the
mistaken impression that his presidency
is not going to be consumed it's going
to be consumed either way partly because
Donald Trump did it whether it was
stormy Daniels or some business dealings
with the Russians Trump knows something
his lawyers don't know and his advisers
don't know which is that he's guilty why
do you think he's flipping out like this
they keep telling him oh no mr.
president no if you just a lot of him
tell him to cooperate with Muller look I
hope to god he does cooperate with
Muller he thinks he can outsmart Muller
please please go talk to him let's see
maybe maybe you're a very stable genius
again now smart him but but again they
keep thinking like no it's it'll be okay
it'll blow over it's not gonna blow over
they have already a ton of evidence and
they're gonna have more cuz he did it
anyway we're gonna find out in due time
but right now Trump is not like his
advisors he is not calm he is irate he
had been grousing privately about a
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein a
trump appointee who oversees the Muller
investigation because of sessions
recusal that's what the Washington Post
reports so grousing that's a nice subtle
way to start it gets worse the post
continues he complained about roses
Stein again Monday in private a White
House adviser said that's again someone
inside the White House as sued all
afternoon about the warrant to seize
Khan's records at times of raising his
voice Trump said that Rosen Stein
approved a warrant that he wish to
Rosenstein was not in the job so when
Trump wishes someone is not in a job he
usually is not in that job relatively
soon thereafter so let's see how that
goes
Trump complained sharply about sessions
and Muller and ask detailed questions
about who was behind the move well the
people behind the move are absolutely
clear it's Rosenstein authorizes so did
Burma so to Ray so did a judge all
people want you know why they authorized
a warrant which you need probable cause
for and even a higher standard when
you're talking about attorney-client
privilege and then even a higher
standard you realistically when you're
talking about the president and his
attorney you know what they authorized
it if they have overwhelming evidence
that's what they authorized it keep it
simple
a White House source says he takes the
Russia stuff Trump does as a political
hit job this was a personal affront this
was the red line of intrusion into
personal financial matters who gets to
have red lines like that now
investigators I will let you investigate
things I don't care about but if you get
the things that actually do matter where
I might have committed crimes I will
draw a red line that's not how the
system works he could have any internal
red line he likes but the prosecutors
are not constrained by that at all and
if the evidence led to the money which
it often does then they will investigate
the money so that's not all so when
Donald Trump was asked about whether
he's considering firing Muller yesterday
he had this to say why don't I just fire
mother well I think it's a disgrace
what's going on we'll see what happens
but I think it's really a sad situation
when you look at what happened then many
people have said you should fire him Oh
many people have said you should fire
him really who are those people well
let's find out Mulla has to be dealt
with he has to be fired so top Trump
allies Sebastian Gorka said on Fox
Business that Muller should be fired
shocking did anybody else say things
along those lines this is now a man that
has to be brought under control it would
seem to me frankly I can't imagine
because you know each of us has to come
to terms with our own heart and
conscience I would fire the SOB in three
seconds in I know you would any
certainly deserves II I wouldn't hire
them to get coffee for me as a law clerk
you know it's such a cozy little group
come--and Rosenstein and Muller and
Andrew Weissman they they're thickest
what's with the Weissman okay cozy
little group
anyway shocking it turns out that Lou
Dobbs program on Fox Business is one of
Donald Trump's favorite shows no you
don't say he sometimes makes other White
House staffers watch the show you know
and I didn't know this until recently he
trusts Lou Dobbs so much because of his
proximity to his ass that that he
sometimes has him called in to White
House meetings and he'll put him on
speakerphone
I'll lose on the phone everybody
listened there's a there's a Fox
Business host on the phone so everybody
listen up this guy's a real expert now
why does he trust him so much because he
is one ass kisser after another a third
program going oh yeah y'all right well
Muller's an sob I'd fire mole yeah I
would even have and get coffee husband
and how many administration's almost
every Republican in the Senate says he
has impeccable credentials and
reputation reputation let alone the
Democrats but there's a program on Fox
Business that disagrees well some people
say oh we're not even done yet here's
another one let me ask you what should
Congress do they have now a rogue
Justice Department and and FBI they
should hold Rosenstein and Ray in
contempt of Congress and if they don't
produce the documents they should move
to impeach both of them they have the
power to hold them in contempt they
should and then they should impeach them
and remove them from office some people
are saying it some people on my favorite
show like to kiss my ass for saying it
so it must be a real thing now the
question is our Republican legislators
saying it so the Republican legislators
back Donald Trump there will be no
impeachment but if they think it's a
bridge too far
well then Donald Trump's in a lot of
trouble now look the ones I'm going to
share with you are not the end-all
be-all and there are a lot of supporters
of Donald Trump within the Republican
Party no question about that
and it's gonna be a tough question and I
don't know which way that one will come
out but here are the folks who are
willing to go on TV and talk about a
representative Kissinger I'm sorry Kim's
injure let me be more clear about that
know this guy at least on this issue is
is correct and here he is on television
talking about he's a Republican do you
think that it is helpful or harmful to
have the president weigh in on
investigations like this as most
adversely as he did yesterday
I don't think it's helpful at all you
know there's whenever you tweet there
can be trouble especially when it's a
tweet based out of kind of what's going
on at the moment so I wish you didn't do
you consider this in a tap on our
country what robert muller is doing no
no was my favorite and i'm tagging our
country no no okay now much more
relevant is Mitch McConnell and Chuck
Grassley they're very important senators
and in fact we kind of course ahead of
the Republicans in the Senate so let's
listen it well show my views that molars
should be allowed to finish his job I
think that's the view most people in
Congress I haven't seen clear indication
yet that we needed to pass something to
keep him from being removed because I
don't think that's gonna happen I think
it would be suicide for the president to
fire him I think the less the president
says about this whole thing the better
off he will be he shouldn't be removed
from the office should be allowed to
finish the job and I think that Mahler
is a person of stature and respected and
I respect him I just let the thing go
forward it's still my view that he'll be
allowed to keep them to finish the job
I'm not gonna answer a hypothetical I am
Telling You I think he'll be allowed to
finish the job he should be allowed to
finish the job he was appointed to do
largely good news but a little mixed so
chuck Grassley is clear he says his
political suicide don't do it don't fire
Muller and and that he deeply respects
him I like the other thing that Grassley
added he says the less the president
says the better in other words the
president's an idiot all he does is
damage himself and he admits obstruction
of justice on a regular basis on
national television and by the way the
other day when he was saying that Cohen
is is is is his personal attorney he
might have also done further damage
because if it turns out Cohen was the
attorney of the LLC the company the
Trump Organization
and they'd be in way better legal shape
but oops just blurted out oh he's my
personal attorney he's my personal
attorney kiss Trump thinks oh I have to
have to attorney-client privilege it's
the only thing I ever heard
that's why I would tell my attorney all
the terrible things I was doing hey
that's why Chuck crises like she should
stop talking now mitch mcconnell's
saying I trust smaller we're gonna let
the MSA investigation go on but he will
not go as far as saying that they will
pass a law protecting this special
counsel so will the Republicans back
Donald Trump or not back him if he in
fact does fire all these people well
that jury is still out you just watch
the video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
