a curious agreement here between the
Young Turks and at least one Fox News
anchor now it's on the issue of Syria
this doesn't happen very often but
credit where credit is due or depending
on your interpretation discredit to me
well we'll find out so first of all they
show at hand is about the chemical
attack that happened in Syria now the
context that I gave you yesterday on the
program that's really important is
Donald Trump last week said he might not
only withdraw all of our troops from
Syria but might also end two hundred
million dollars that was going to some
of the forces on the ground rebel forces
etc so right after Trump announces that
over the weekend there's a chemical
attack and then everyone goes on
television says no no mr. president if
you were really strong you would do what
Obama didn't do which is escalate the
war now I was a little skeptical about
that but now let me give you Trump's
comments about this yesterday cannot
allow atrocities like that and there
you may he may and if he does it's going
to be very tough it's very buddy's gonna
pay a price he will everybody well
nothing's off the table
nothing's off the dirt well they're
saying they're not but to me there's not
much of a doubt hey by the way John
Bolton's on the job in the background
got us god help us all oh gee I wonder
which way he's counseling more war or
perhaps peace no not only are the
neo-cons Lady John Bolton pushing him
into war but in my estimation so is the
rest of the press in fact this is what I
said last night bomb Syria Brian
Williams called those bombs beautiful
the mainstream media poses as if they
are neutral objective well if you don't
do more war you're weak and your
perspective is almost always war is
great by the way that's not MSNBC the
supposedly liberal station which is
hilarious and all over CNN and all over
the mainstream media there are pundits
as we speak war war war war war we must
have more war Donald Trump you must act
if you're gonna be strong so neo-cons
war mongers defense contractors and yes
mainstream media thank you very much
well in a moment of either positive
unity in the country or deeply
disconcerting Tucker Carlson agrees
leaders on both sides of the aisle and
Congress in the media in our
intelligence services in virtually every
overfunded think tank in Washington have
suddenly aligned tonight on a single
point of agreement America must go to
war in Syria immediately Bashar al-assad
cannot continue to lead that country he
must be overthrown the push to war in
Syria by the way has United politicians
from both sides Lindsey Graham and
Howard Dean typically agree on very
little not much at all but today they
are both calling for war in Syria
television pundits of course strongly
agree this morning the foreign policy
team over at MSNBC explained that it's
far more important
for American troops to fight in Syria
than it is to secure our own border here
in America actually both sides in the
Syrian civil war possess chemical
weapons how would it benefit Assad using
chlorine gas last weekend well it
wouldn't Assad's forces had been winning
the war in Syria the administration just
announced its plans to pull American
troops out of Syria having vanquished
Isis that's good news for Assad and
about the only thing he could do to
reverse it and to hurt himself would be
to use poison gas against children well
he did it anyway they tell us he's that
evil please now it pains me to say this
but I think Tucker Carlson is exactly
right about that
and by the way we were on air almost at
the same time making those comments and
normally I have massive disagreements
with Tucker Carlson and I've said so on
air many times but you have to be fair
and honest then you have to be give
credit where credit is due and and
everybody's got different points of view
on this and it is a very divisive issue
but I'm giving credit tucker carlson and
i think that he acted in principle and
saying something that is not what the
Trump administration is currently
signaling that's why we showed you the
Trump clip Trump seems to be heading in
the direction of further engagement and
Tiger Carson is warning against it and
in fact her Crossen was just about the
only person on television who held john
bolton accountable before he went into
the administration and asked them wasn't
he wrong about the iraq war and it was a
very awkward moment on air but that's
exactly what you should do if you're
holding people accountable as their i
say it a journalist so the other times
that we disagree which will be plentiful
i will still hold his feet to the fire
but in this case i I'm complimenting him
on what I think is not only the right
position obviously as you saw my clip on
the same day but also having the courage
to speak out about what's happening both
on television and inside the
administration you just watch the video
by The Young Turks home of the
revolution if you'd like to get a lot
more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm /join
