so Kellyanne Conway is of course one of
the top aides to Donald Trump and she is
often out there speaking on behalf of
him being an aggressive defense of the
president apparently the president found
out recently that she is in fact alleged
by some to be the number one leaker
inside the White House he was shocked
that she couldn't to find out Donald
Trump I Got News for you everyone around
you is leaking and they have a sense
that you only care about yourself and
not them so what do they do they only
care about themselves and not you which
is logical so but this is not about
Kellyanne Conway it's about her husband
George Conway now George Conway has in
the past tweeted some significant
criticism of Donald Trump and then when
Kelly and Conway his wife is up for
communications director job she's
currently seeking he deleted all those
tweets as if we wouldn't notice but we
did I'll talk more about that in a
second but guess what and this the
interesting part he's doing again now
the Michael Cohen raid happens and
Kellyanne Conway's out there tweeting
yes Donald Trump fascinating things are
unraveling so Etowah Donald Trump
tweeted he ain't tweeted total witch
hunt and attorney-client privilege is
dead well here comes interesting part
George Conway then tweeted in response
this now you can look at this ago what
is that well that's actually a link to a
section of the law interesting so what
section is he referring to well Ken
Meyer for media it explains the legal
Simon Conway highlighted states that law
enforcement can obtain search warrants
to investigate an attorney who is
subject of an investigation and who also
is or may be engaged in the practice of
law on behalf of clients the manual says
these warrants would not necessarily
violate attorney-client privilege though
there are various guidelines for how the
warrants have to be obtained so Trump
says certain client privilege is dead
Kellyanne Conway's husband tweets out no
it's not this is a well known exception
to attorney-client privilege
if the attorney commits a crime and he
says that publicly interesting little
tweet that he threw out there but that
wasn't all he also retweeted this
remember Trump tweeted total witch-hunt
this is an old headline saying Nixon
sees quote witch-hunt insiders say now
that is not subtle I don't know maybe
George Conway thinks he's being subtle
but he ain't clearly George Conway not a
fan of Donald Trump by the way he
started as a Fame at Donald Trump every
once in a while in order to seemingly to
protect her and protect his wife it
comes down goes no no I'm still support
Donald Trump sure early on he was up for
a job in the Trump administration I
don't know if it's because he didn't get
it or they did offer to him and he
didn't want it but either way clearly
based on these tweets and many others
not a friend of Trump I don't know if
that's just him speaking or if he's
being a proxy for his wife which would
be even more interesting so let me give
you the background last year this is
from Ross story for instance he ripped
into the president for undermining his
own proposed travel ban with a series of
impulsive tweets he has also recently
been retweeting articles that criticized
the president's alleged affair with
adult film stars stormy Daniels juror
roms
as well as stories that mocked Trump for
being unable to hire top-notch legal
counsel to defend him in special counsel
Robert Muller's probe of Russian
interference to the 2016 presidential
election so I don't know what's going on
between the Conway's but I do know what
George Conway is doing publicly and
that's slapping Trump across the face
several times
unraveling I don't get to say told you
yet but tick-tock tick-tock you just
watch the video by The Young Turks home
of the revolution if you'd like to get a
lot more than that get the full show by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
