all right now that Brett Kavanaugh is on
the Supreme Court he got confirmed just
a little while ago about around an hour
ago 52:48 was the vote can he be
impeached well so first let's go through
what it takes to impeach a judge and
then let's see if it applies to him now
or can apply to him at a later date and
what would be the consequence of that
impeachment and is that a trap that the
Republicans might have sprung on
themselves offices I'm going to answer
right now all right first of all
everybody always remember for God's sake
um member of The Young Turks and and
support independent media Homa
progressives TYT calm /join super
important you get all of our programming
when you do that okay now impeachment
for a judge works the same way as
impeachment for a president under the
Constitution based on the precedents of
the Supreme Court so they're considered
civil officers by the Constitution and
hence the impeachment proceedings apply
to them just as it would to someone in
the executive branch that means you need
just a bare majority of the house to
vote for impeachment that would be the
beginning of the process so for example
the Democrats were to retake the house
in these elections could they vote for
that if they wanted to and they thought
there were sufficient grounds yes they
could vote for impeachment in the house
and that would be fairly simple and
straightforward does that mean that he's
removed from office
No voting for impeachment in the house
means that you go to a trial in the
Senate and you have to be convicted in
the Senate to be removed from office so
you can be impeached and not removed
which of course happen to Bill Clinton
and several other people so what what do
you need to remove someone in the Senate
well 2/3 of the Senate has to vote YES
on removal 67 senators now let's do the
math on that right now they saw the
available evidence and 50 senators voted
for Kavanagh to get onto the Supreme
Court now getting out of the Supreme
Court is a standard that is easier to
meet impeachment is a standard that is
harder to meet
so they looked at the evidence they
could have picked anyone among the 330
million despite excited put them on the
supreme cleaners but they could somehow
convince 15 other Republicans to vote
against Kavanagh to get to a
supermajority no way so that's not if
the situation remains as it is that's
not gonna happen okay so then the
question is can new information come out
that would change the minds of those
Republican senators that you would need
for a removal from office if the
impeachment proceedings moved on to the
Senate okay so well that is an obvious
answer it depends so if you try to go
relitigate things that the Republicans
already know the perjury committed and
the pickering situation in the Miranda
situation the Republicans already know
that they already saw that they didn't
care about that perjury if you'd go back
to the perjury in the sexual assault
cases even if he you think he didn't do
the sexual assault he seems to have
clearly lied on a number of occasions
including saying ID on a number of
occasions including saying I didn't know
about the Ramirez story in The New
Yorker when there Tex proving that he
absolutely positively knew so but the
Republicans decided they didn't even
care about that perjury enough that they
wanted to promote him I mean remember
he's a federal judge they promoted him
to the Supreme Court so they obviously
don't care about perjury at all that
will not move a Republican it was a
Democrat who did the perjury like Bill
Clinton they'll pretend it's the biggest
problem the history of the world if it's
a Republican who did it on things that
actually matter no way perjury is
totally irrelevant I don't care how
clear the lie is don't care he said he
didn't receive memos in there in the
Miranda case when he was the Bush
administration we now have clear emails
that show him receiving the emails him
respond responding to the emails with
the memos the memos saying spying which
was the issue spying in on Democrats
total utter lie clear clear clear
perjury Republicans have never cared
about perjury it was always a gimmick to
try to get their political opponent in
that case it was Bill Clinton so you're
not gonna win on that issue
but how how would could you possibly get
Cavanaugh in this context well if
Cavanaugh were to have new evidence come
out and it would have to be super clear
but here let's make up a fanciful one
that theoretically could happen although
it likely very very likely won't happen
mark judge his buddy that was in the
room two years from now goes I had a
crisis of conscience I went and talked
to my priest my therapist my wife
whoever I got to be honest we did it it
was me in Cavanaugh in that room and
Blasi Ford was right he did everything
that this she claimed okay well that
would be huge new evidence and in that
scenario well then you can go and say
perjury and sexual assault about the
core issue that was involved in his
confirmation hearings at the end then
the Republicans would be super hard for
us to go yeah so what he lied about
attempted rape that's probably a bridge
too far so he that is a scenario under
which he could be impeached but good
luck I mean either Marc judge has to
turn on him leather overwhelming
evidence has to come out that he lied
about this particular case another stuff
that he lied about again the Republicans
have already stated they don't care
about that at all
you can show that prove that lie a
thousand times
there's been impeachment enquiries in
223 judges 13 have been impeached by the
house and only eight have been removed
from office entirely and among the
charges were bribery and yes do a sexual
impropriety in an office which there was
obstruction of justice son well that one
kind of matches a little bit and yes
people have been impeached on perjury
now just because they were but remember
a lot of those guys the eight that were
actually impeached and then thrown out
of removed from office by the Senate
with two-thirds vote a lot of them had
already had criminal commissions not all
of them but several of them several of
them got impeached two three years later
after their criminal convictions so it's
a very high bar and it's not like the
vote we just had not like the vote we
just had that was that was a close call
and impeachment would be inordinately
difficult so that's the reality that now
super last thing okay well it would be
difficult but if for whatever reason
they got that overwhelming evidence and
they impeached Cavanaugh and there's a
Democratic president
well then oops the Republicans by being
obstinate and not just picking any other
conservative in the country to be a
Supreme Court justice but insisting that
it's this guy would have actually
screwed themselves over and instead of
having a concerted be on the court for
30 or 40 years he'd only down the court
for however many years until you got
this new evidence whether it's six
months three years no one knows again
that is unlikely but if that were to
happen then the Republicans have made a
terrible terrible mistake and by the way
you could also argue that they made a
terrible mistake in terms of the
elections because this is energy is
gonna energize more people to vote
against them and especially female
voters which they were already losing by
25 points a margin
previously unheard of unimaginable right
they just made that worse and then the
final mistake is put
guy on the Supreme Court that there's an
that clearly as committed perjury a
great number of times and might have
done a terrible sexual assault that
would also be problematic if you are
human being and cared about that type of
stuff but as Susan Collins and others
have shown they don't really care and
that is the Republican Party
