hope aches was one of the emotional
anchors for Donald Trump she would
stabilize him she was a soothsayer if
you will because she would sue them
which is disturbing your thing about but
but she was relatively good at her job
now you saw Donald Trump have a thousand
temper tantrums but now that she is not
there apparently he is totally unhinged
so let's go to several different reports
first one is from The Washington Post
they explained this was Trump's first
crisis of course referring to the radom
his lawyer's office Michael Cohen
Trump's first crisis without hope Hicks
the recently departed White House
communications director who knew her way
around the broader Trump orbit getting
to the bottom of what was happening
counseling the president and intuiting
how he would want the situation handled
well she's not there anymore so what
happened well let's go to Mike house
report a take Axios about that until now
when storms hit Trump could turn to hope
Higgs to explain things to him suggest
wording simmer him down with her
departure from the White House we saw
the president working out his fury in
real time let me get this right the
earlier unhinged Donald Trump was the
calm version of Donald Trump that was
after a faux pigs would come in and go
now mr. president let's look at it this
way you might want to say it this way
around him that way and then he would
unleash those tweets and say the things
that he did on camera that was the
commerson
we are now at the untethered version in
fact the White House source tells Axios
this is the first Christ crisis post ho
pics this was different
I've never seen him like this before
this is the president you're going to
see more of from here on out unvarnished
untethered if that was varnished earlier
and we're about to hit unvarnished oh
boy buckle up brace for impact
and this time that's for the Trump
loyalists and reports are out that he is
in fact stomping around the White House
fuming at roses
the Deputy Attorney General thinking
about firing him also out of his mind
angry at Jeff Sessions the Attorney
General and of course despises robert
muller the special counsel staffers are
apparently working around the clock to
try to make sure he does not fire Muller
they keep explaining to him that would
put him in deeper trouble he first was
dubious authority to do that but even if
he had the authority there are
Republicans that are saying that they
might look into impeachment if he does
and they are doing all they can without
hope aches to try to contain the
president so far they have not done a
very good job of containing him and this
is just the first day for days to come
once again can't wait
tick tock tick tock I told you would
come sooner than you expected now the
clock is going faster and faster and
faster I said he'd be out by the
midterms never changed my mind on that
let's see what happens you just watched
a video by The Young Turks the home of
the revolution if you'd like to get the
full show come join us and become a
member
tea white tea network.com slash join
