here is Sarah Huckabee Sanders reading
to children during the White House
Easter celebration and on Palm Sunday
Jesus rode into Jerusalem and people
shouted Hosanna to our King
later Jesus and His disciples ate the
Passover supper and Jesus washed their
feet to show how much he loved them
after supper they went to a garden to
pray but the men who didn't like Jesus
sent soldiers to arrest him
Jesus was taken away and his disciples
were very sad but Jesus had told them
that he would be back after three days
and on the third day women went to Jesus
and the Jesus and the tomb was open and
Jesus was not there that night Jesus's
disciples were in a locked room and
suddenly Jesus was there and he was
alive and well yay we got one this is
the Easter story that jesus is alive
today and because he died for us we will
all live - that was amazing that was one
of the most incredible videos I've seen
you communicate for a living that's what
you do you are the press secretary for
the President of the United States she
does not want to be there she does not
enjoy reading to those kids that was
amazing okay yeah I don't know what was
my favorite part I think I know which
one it was my second favorite part was
her showing it over and over and then
Jesus did this okay you going Sam we're
moving on and then Jesus did this okay
and her you know stoic way of delivering
it but my favorite part was at some
point he goes and then Jesus did this
and then as she goes back down to the
book she goes I think why do I have to
suffer through this oh my god those fake
smiles throughout like and then his
disciples were very sad and then Jesus
came back yay and this one kid says yeah
he she's like we got one I'm sorry for
being amused at herself if you become a
member of the Young Turks you'll be
saying you know I'm like a smart person
so do it right now ey tea network.com
slash join get the whole younger so
every day
