earlier today the FBI raided the office
of Michael Kona personal attorney for
Donald Trump now Trump has struck back
unsurprising I think John I roller from
TYT had tweeted out
countdown to Trump rage in three to one
and we have it now and the attack
against law enforcement once again by
the guy who pretended to be for rule of
law he says I just heard that they broke
into the office of one of my personal
attorneys a good man they didn't break
in they had a warrant they were doing
their job and you don't get a warrant
unless you've got probable cause of a
crime a judge has to okay that judges do
not do that lightly especially for the
personal attorney of the president
apparently they had excellent evidence
but of course he frames it differently
he says it's a disgraceful situation
I've been saying it for a long time I
have this witch-hunt constantly going on
again calling it a witch-hunt and he
then further says and unsurprising again
in the rhetoric of Donald Trump it's an
attack on our country it's an attack on
what we all stand for no that's our
country working like it's supposed to
we're supposed to be in a democracy
where no one is above the law and it
looks like at a bare minimum the
storming Daniel's payoff of $130,000
violated either campaign financing laws
your lawyer cannot just give 130,000
dollars to your campaign or violated tax
laws he can't just gift you one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars and not
declare that in his taxes are your taxes
so they were well within their rights to
do what they're supposed to do which is
enforce the law and of course that's
what's driving the criminal Donald Trump
crazy
yeah maybe don't cheat on your wife with
other women and then pay those women
hush money right before the election how
about that how about taking some
personal responsibility for your own
actions and stop pretending like you're
some sort of victim that was hush money
paid to a woman a couple days prior to
the election taking place and and as I
said earlier in the show Ana you're
absolutely right the and if if Trump had
actually just taken personal
responsibility to your point and said
look I gave the money to Michael Kohn
because I wanted a problem to go away I
don't he could have easily said it's not
true but I didn't want to hurt my
chances
in that case he can give his own
campaign money and it would not have
necessarily been illegal but he's a
pathological liar and he's a man-child
who refused to take any responsibility
for any of his actions
so instead last week you said it wasn't
me I don't know anything about that
money
that's my glucose problem throwing your
own lawyer under the bus when he knows
all that information about you probably
a bad idea if you liked this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
