so Donald Trump last week said some
things that I thought were positive
about Syria he the president according
to off post
told his advisers last month he wanted
an early exit from Syria against the
wishes of US military officials reuters
reported he also ordered 200 million
dollars for Syrian recovery efforts
frozen now I wouldn't have frozen the
recovery efforts but the fact that he
wants some troops out of Syria I think
is generally positive he went on to say
things that were even stronger let's
take a look at this video here you're
inclined to pull the troops out I want
to get out I want to bring our troops
back home I want to start rebuilding our
nation is very costly for our country
and it helps other countries a hell of a
lot more than it helps us ok well that's
very interesting I have come to the
conclusion that Syria is intractable and
there are downsides to leaving Syria I'm
not unaware that there's downsides to
not reacting to some of the horrors of
the Assad government and and their
allies on the other hand our involvement
in the Middle East has not been helpful
if anything it has been
counterproductive it has cost us lives
and great treasure and it is cost the
lives of civilians in Syria so I do not
oppose Donald Trump for the sake of
oppose iam we look issue by issue and if
he wants to pull troops out of the
Middle East where it is not working that
I agree with them now of course the
military industrial complex does not so
they are not going to sit there and just
take this now I'm going to show you how
they fought back in a second but before
we do that let me tell you about the
very conveniently time gas attack in
Syria so it is deadly serious I'll tell
you what the facts are and then I'll
tell you what I think might have
happened or questions surrounding it as
how post explained dozens of people
including several children choked to
death Saturday after attacking the
rebel-held Damascus suburb of Duma at
least 49 people and as many as 70 were
reported killed
so someone gassed those children and and
killed those people I am told
by US authorities that it was definitely
Assad now look would I be surprised if
it was Assad no I wouldn't be surprised
I'm in the camp that Bashar al-assad is
a dictator I'm in the camp that Donald
Trump by the way colluded with the
Russians and and so I have no love for
the Russians or the Syrian government at
all so I am predisposed to believing
that they gassed their own civilians but
you're telling me that Trump says we
might pull out from Syria and then that
weekend there Assad decides that's a
good time to gas his own people why
would he do that this is the second time
now when it looked like Assad is on the
precipice of victory and then he gasses
his own people and energizes the whole
world in America to fight harder against
them that is deeply irrational so you'll
excuse me if I have some question marks
around the official statements of the
American government they deduce this
quickly that it was definitely Assad
without doing further investigation of
it okay as you can tell I have my doubts
about that the timing is far far too
convenient and now it's gonna get backed
up by all the people in the US that are
pushing Trump to war before I get to
that let me show you Trump himself he
apparently is really worried about this
he says many dead including women and
children in mindless any caps chemical
mindless chemical attack in Syria area
of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled
by Syrian army making it completely
inaccessible to the outside world then
how do you know he did it anyway
President Putin Russia and Iran are
responsible for backing animal Assad big
price to pay
open area immediately for medical help
and verification another humanitarian
disaster for no reason whatsoever sick
also in caps and exclamation point
so if in fact Assad did it and the
Russians
helped him well then I'm glad that Trump
is calling out the Russians and that is
unusual and and great that he has the
courage to call up Putin which he's
almost never done before and I will note
that that perhaps hey there's a piece of
evidence that Trump and the Russians are
not working together there's a lot of
other evidence that they are but that's
one right there so being open and honest
and fair about all the different facts
involved here but so he says he's I said
apparently he's moved by this the reason
I say that is because it doesn't seem
awfully moved when it comes to Syrian
refugees I mean if you're Kirt concerned
about the Syrian civilians suffering
wouldn't you be concerned about the
refugees and there's plenty to be
concerned about there are more than 5.6
million Syrians that are now registered
as refugees you know how many of them US
has taken in this year 44 44 of the
refugees we took this year are Syrian
turkey is taking 3.5 million in Lebanon
has taken 1 million in and this year
we've taken 44 America Wow
you seem so concerned about Syrian
civilians president Trump and then when
his own military showed a drone strike
killing a target last week it was
reported that Donald Trump asked
referring to the house that he was in
with family members whoa why did you
wait if you could do it in 10 days get
it done saying about the the drones that
the CIA is running not the military but
the CIA saying he doesn't want to just
use for intelligence anymore he wants
them weapon and ice and dropping drone
strikes immediately even if there are
family members even if there are kids in
the house in that case it was gratuitous
because they didn't have to do it when
he was in the house they got him when he
was outside the house our military
actually did the right thing in that
case but Trump was mad at them for doing
the right thing saying why didn't you
bomb the house and kill the kids as well
that's the kind of sick guy Donald Trump
is so you'll excuse me if I'm not buying
how concerned he
is about the kids now again he's
incredibly unintelligent so it is
possible that you could manipulate him
by saying Oh mr. president if you kill
the kids and their family members you're
being tough on them oh my God look at
what a son did and they show him
pictures of kids foaming at the mouth
and dead from a gas attack and he goes
oh my god that's outrageous I want to do
something about that I'm going to be
tough it is very easy to manipulate this
president one more tweet from him and
they're about to it I'm going to show
you that as well one more tweet from
Trump he said if President Obama had
crossed this thetad red line in the sand
the Syrian disaster would have ended
long ago animal Assad would have been
history now is that true that he want
the President Obama to intervene earlier
and the answer to that is of course not
at the time Donald Trump had tweeted all
caps again to our very foolish leader do
not attack Syria if you do many very bad
things will happen and from that fight
the u.s. gets nothing now pretending
that he was always in favor of Obama
attacking Syria there is no end to the
duplicity of this man but mainly because
he doesn't even know what his own mind
is he has no philosophy or principles so
that is the empty mind that the
military-industrial complex is about to
fill first of all there's strikes that
hit Syria and the beginning of a thaw it
might be us strikes but we denied it so
we found out later that it is in fact
Israel
here's HuffPost Israel's accused of
launching a barrage of missiles at an
airbase in the Homs province on Monday
morning
now everyone concedes that is in fact
what happened so now finally we get to
our war hawks so the way that it worked
this Trump said I'm gonna get out of
Syria then there's a gas attack that
American military says is done by the
Syrian government then Israel hits them
now that's going to be relevant in a
couple of different ways especially with
Andrea Mitchell's so it's not just
so-called conservatives it's also the
mainstream media that are going to go on
the attack so when you're talking about
going on an attack for a war John McCain
of course is always going to be at the
forefront so here's what he said
President Trump last week signaled to
the world of the United States would
premiere
surely withdraw from Syria Bashar Assad
and his Russian and Iranian backers have
heard him and emboldened by American
inaction Assad has reportedly launched
another chemical attack against innocent
men women and children this time in duma
in other words you better do something
you don't want to be weak donald trump
and they were emboldened by your
statement really Assad and Putin and the
Iranians are so unsaved that when the
American leader says I'm going to
withdraw from Syria they go let's
antagonize him right now and do a gas
attack that we know will capture the
whole world's attention I am beyond
skeptical so then it starts on Fox News
and all over television we're gonna go
first to bassam r fi e he claims to be
with an organization that is helping
Syria and so he knows that President
Trump
watches Fox News he does a personal plea
to him watch the president needs to take
swift and decisive action right now
president Trump um I'm speaking to you
directly do not take the same mistakes
that President Obama had made the action
that you had taken an incline Chacon to
take out the the air base there that was
important and that was that was strong
that was a very strong message but what
we need to do right now is to take out
the the Assad's air force if we ground
all his air force he won't have the
capability to attack Syrians by the air
anymore
Oh mr. Trump you were really strong
before when you bomb Syria I think you
should bomb Syria again that was show
how strong you are again manchild who
and he knows he was watching Fox News no
look I don't know anything about Bassam
er fire the Syrian American Council all
the times those groups are funded by
neoconservative groups behind the scenes
I don't know if that's the case in in
the case of the Syrian American Council
but either way even if he's earnest well
it is very convenient for Fox News to
find someone from the Syrian American
Council to put on TV to tell the
president that if he's going to be
strong that means more war in the Middle
East very very convenient now Lindsey
Graham is a well known war hawk
and buddy of John McCain he doesn't have
to do any machinations he just say it
himself and he loves to warmonger so
here he is on television if it becomes a
tweet without meaning then he's hurt
himself in North Korea if he doesn't
follow through and live up to that tweet
he's gonna look weak in the eyes of a
Russia and Iran so this is defining
moment mr. president you need to follow
through that tweet show resolve that
Obama never did to get this right okay I
mean this is so obvious mr. president if
you want to be tough and make sure that
your word stands don't back away from
that tweet make sure you attack them and
plus you'll be the opposite of Obama
remember Obama was weak and you'll be
strong they're doing the most brazen
hilarious manipulation right on TV but
they are calculating probably correctly
so that the president is so stupid that
he can't see through this so Graham is
gonna really pile it on now here he is
again on TV us who he says will pay a
big price
so let's bless let's build that out so
the regime has to pay a big price what
would be a big price to lose your Air
Force this should be the last time a
barrel bomb is dropped on innocent
civilians by the Assad Air Force we have
the capability to destroy his Air Force
to ground as air fleet and we should use
that capability
yeah all-out war destroys the entire air
force and then the defense contractors
will all get really rich oh I'm it I
really care about American security was
it American security have to deal with a
longer deeper more expensive more brutal
more violent war than in Syria and what
side are we on
are we on the side of all nostra well
they're connected to al Qaeda Isis is
fighting against Bashar al Assad we're
fighting against Isis and we're going to
fight against Assad we're gonna be in
the middle of this shooting range of
course the defense contractors and
they're there water boys like Lindsey
Graham and John McCain are in favor of
that because they're all gonna make more
money to them war is not the problem
it's the solution so now Lindsey Graham
says by the way don't forget we should
also murder their leader
watch this be serious
there's no way this guy should be in
power if wasn't for the Russian right
should we be targeting him yes I think
now he is a legitimate war criminal in
the eyes of the international community
and that Assad and his inner circle
should be considered war criminals
legitimate military targets if you have
the opportunity to take him out you
should
all right so imagine if Bashar al-assad
had said hey I think it's legitimate to
kill Donald Trump but we just said we
were to kill their leader
no nanny never considered that war
kernels big parts of the world consider
Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney a war
criminals and George W Bush and I'm
talking about Europe I'm talking about
big allies of ours and in terms of the
CIA chief that it that Donald Trump just
nominated Germany might put out an
arrest warrant for her based on the fact
that she ordered torture and we know
that she did and hence she's a war
criminal so those are the grounds on
which we're going to execute people now
well the military-industrial complex
needs more war you got to feed that
beast Graham's not even done one more
from Grant the world is watching the
president Iran is watching the president
Russia's watching the president and
North Korea's watching the president
this president has a chance to do
exactly the opposite of Obama sent a
strong signal that there's a new sheriff
in town right and America's back
remember you could make America great
again do the opposite of Obama and be
really strong only a fool like Donald
Trump would listen to this buddy would
it's Fox News so I'm sure he's all amped
up for war now
so finally though it is not just
conservatives this is the one thing that
the mainstream media agrees with those
neo-cons on they did it during the Iraq
war they're doing it again today the
last time Donald Trump bomb Syria Brian
Williams called those bombs beautiful
now here's Andrea Mitchell I mean as
much of the mainstream media as you
could possibly imagine and listen to
what she says there's there's no
question that now
all these years later it is Donald
Trump's Donald Trump's challenge and the
problem is that he as John McCain
pointed out did say to the distress of
his own Pentagon that he's going to pull
out our 2,000 troops and he wants that
to be done in months not years so after
singling weakness and watching Putin and
Erwin and rouhani meeting and almost
celebrating their victory in their
control over Syria now he has to take
action he's spoken in McCrone what he
ought to do is a coordinated action the
Israelis most likely are the ones who
who striked in the last 24 hours
but now they're there has to be a
comprehensive response there has to be a
comprehensive response first of all
Israel has acted open-and-shut case
hence America must do exactly as Israel
did thank you for that piece of
journalism and if you don't immediately
escalate war it apparently
signals weakness that's what she said
and they the mainstream media poses as
if they are neutral objective well if
you don't do more war you're weak but me
opinions I don't have opinions no no I'm
objective she also said he must take
action apparently you do have opinions
apparently you do have a perspective and
your perspective is almost always war is
great by the way that's not MSNBC the
supposedly liberal station which is
hilarious and all over CNN and all over
the mainstream media there are pundits
as we speak
war war war war war we must have more
war Donald Trump you must act if you're
gonna be strong no the reality is
withdrawing would have been the strong
thing to do and and it would have been
in what the American people wanted it's
what his campaign promises were and to
be able to have the strength to ignore
the Machine that is the
military-industrial complex buttress by
the campaign donations and and the and
the money that they provide are retiring
generals those defense contractors to
stand up to them that would have been
strength instead they are manipulating
this manchild right in front of us and
trying to desperately
drive us into a bigger more disastrous
war in Syria
so neo-cons war mongers defense
contractors and yes mainstream media
thank you very much
this is exactly how we get into
disastrous war in the Middle East if you
want to get the whole young turks show
every single day become a member TYT
Network comm slash join and once you do
you'll be saying get home like a smart
person or you might say I think it's
weird or you might say oops no that
won't be that one it won't be that one
it'll be great trust me TYT Network comm
slash joy
