so there's a story out in The Washington
Post about the relationship between
Donald Trump and his chief of staff John
Kelly now lately it's been quite rocky
and John Kelly is trying to impose order
and of course that is problematic when
you have Trump as president who is
basically King Joffrey so he's got a
massive temper he's got a huge ego to
deal with very thin-skinned and he acts
like a child so this story has all of
that
first of all honest temper and his thin
skin apparently he was furious at John
Kelly on the issue of immigration
because of something he said on Fox News
and of course that's the only thing that
Donald Trump pays attention to so let's
explain that after Kelly told Fox News
Channel's
Bret Baier in a January interview that
Trump's immigration views had not been
quote fully informed during the campaign
and had since quote evolved the
president berated Kelly in Oval Office
as shouts so loud they could be heard
through the doors now normal president I
don't think yells at his chief of staff
in that way maybe in the old days they
used to do that but it does seem a bit
childish you know you could just fire
him so there's a lot of different ways
to get your chief of staff to be aligned
with you rather than having a temper
tantrum but that's Donald Trump
apparently had a similar one when
Nilsa was put as the department of
homeland security head and that was a
suggestion by John Kelly that was then
criticized by other conservatives like
Lee Fox News and so Trump of course
hadn't asked anything about the person
he was appointing didn't know a thing
about her to John Kelly's advice and
just appointed her and so then when he
found out certain things he apparently
didn't like he apparently yelled at
Kelly you didn't tell me she was an
effing george w bush person by the way
you child he could have asked you're his
boss but you don't care to do your
homework and so all you want to do is
lash out at people if Fox News says
something unkind about you or Ann
Coulter or
the blank about any conservative pundits
who now apparently run the country so of
course this has led to a huge rift and
and this conflict has been going on for
some time so Washington Post further
reports both his credibility referring
to Kelly and his influence have been
severely diminished administration
officials said a clear decline for the
retired four-star Marine Corps general
who arrived with a reputation for
integrity and a mandate to bring order
to a chaotic West Wing so since he has
brought some degree of order the child
doesn't like it he doesn't like being
told no and he does want to eat his
vegetables and he just wants strawberry
milk at all times so he's like why like
it so he's not diminished his own chief
of staff's role this official explained
that Kelly initially viewed his job as
babysitting but now feels less of a need
to be omnipresent while Trump who was
considered Kelly a security blanket
feels increasingly emboldened to act
alone god help him alright I added that
last part so these are sources all with
the White House and allies of the
President Washington Post spoke to 16
different folks here for this story so
unsurprisingly Kelly viewed the job as
one of babysitting because we have a
man-child for president and he is
getting awfully tired of being bossed
around by a man with a tiny tiny
intellect let alone the other problems
that he's got and now Trump since again
he's Joffrey thanks I got this I know
how to do presidenting now John Kelly
step aside I don't need that security
blanket anymore
good luck with that approach in fact the
Post reports Kelly has threatened to
resign on multiple occasions it's sort
of a weekly event one senior White House
official quipped though officials
explain his decorations as expressions
of momentary frustration I don't believe
that at all remember those are White
House sources and they have different
agendas you should keep that in mind in
summer Pro Kelly some are against Kelly
and our parts of different faction of
the White House so you have to use your
own reason
and the rest of our experience with the
Trump White has to determine what you
think is correct and not correct now we
go to Axios for further context on how
serious the rift is Kelley blew up a
Trump in an oval office meeting that day
which is it was very late in March while
walking back to his office muttered he
was going to quit so this is a separate
report from the Washington Post one
backing up a similar storyline so they
explain the the details of what happened
that day
Kelley packed up some personal
belongings though I'm told that wasn't
necessarily because he was walking out
he was fired up enough that colleagues
got allies to call in to calm him down
and at one point DHS secretary
Kirsten Nielsen the person I was
referring to earlier perhaps the person
in the administration he trusts most
came over to talk him off the ledge so I
got news for you a person isn't kidding
about quitting or isn't doing as a
gesture or a momentary frustration if
they pack up their personal belongings
and have to be talked off a ledge that
means he was actually going to quit and
who could blame him who could tolerate
this child constantly yelling at you I
mean to add insult to injury if you work
with him it's going to be blindingly
obvious how low his intellect is for
this idiot of idiots to order you around
an embarrassing humiliate you non-stop
has got to be maddening
so I blame John Kelly for a lot of
things and he is a right winger and I
don't agree with him on almost any of
the policy issues but I can't blame him
for getting frustrated with King Joffrey
finally this is my favorite part of the
story apparently they had to make policy
issues into a childlike game for Donald
Trump to pay attention so the post
explains under Kelley's watch the
president now has policy time sounds a
little bit like nap time or play time so
he has policy time sessions once or
twice a day where advisors present and
argue their competing views over a
specific issue with Trump presiding
oh that's so embarrassing oh god look
wants to have a policy discussion and
there's two legitimate factions within
his white house and he wants to do that
in an organized way probably once in a
blue moon to hash out some interesting
you know complexities of a issue that
actually would be great but in order to
get him to focus on policy they have to
do like a reality show basically okay
it'll be Bob versus Susie and you get
their vote one of them out at the end
and don't worry you're the host you're
presiding over this and we'll call it
policy time with the president okay this
is fun that I'll pay attention it has
got to be dangerous for the world to
have the most powerful man on earth and
unfortunately in this case oftentimes
it's fortunate but right now it's
definitely unfortunate that the
President of the United States is the
most powerful man on earth
and he's an absolute child that has got
to be a danger to the world he's deeply
unstable and god knows what he's gonna
do next
and certainly his chief of staff doesn't
you just watch the video by the young
turks the home of the revolution if
you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
