it turns out that Donald Trump is having
a problem with a part of his base now
white older voters help Donald Trump to
get the presidency they help the
Republican Party overall but now an even
more narrow or portion white educated
older voters are starting to turn on the
Republicans so we have that story from
Reuters nationwide whites over the age
of 60 with college degrees now favored
Democrats over Republicans for Congress
by a two-point margin according to a
Reuters Ipsos opinion polling during the
first three months of the year well you
might think Jake that's not that big a
deal it's just a two-point margin and
they're educated I mean it's not that
surprising that more educated voters
would go against the party of Donald
Trump but it turns out no it is
surprising let me give you context
during the same period in 2016
that same group favored Republicans for
Congress by 10 percentage points now I
can do the math for you that was not
complicated that's a 12 point swing
nationally among a group that is very
important for the Republicans to keep
their in a world of trouble all right
I'm not the only one saying it a lot of
political scientists and and pollsters
are saying here's very well known Larry
Sabato
saying the real core for the Republicans
is white older white and if they're
losing ground there they're going to
have a tsunami he's a political science
scientists at UVA he went on to say if
that continues to November they're toast
it's not alone here comes Frank Luntz
probably the best-known republican
pollster here he is on Fox News let's go
on record I think the Republicans are in
deep trouble in the House and the Senate
as well if the election were held today
frankly I think Republicans would lose
both look some people think there's a
chance they could lose the house the
Senate is a smaller margin it's just 51
to 49 but most of the people that are up
for reelection happen to be Democrats in
this case and in some states that Trump
won so the conventional wisdom was now
the Democrats can't win the Senate bag
is just too hard
the elections in this cycle apparently
not hard enough because here are
Republican pollsters neutral pollsters
and political scientists saying they
might be toast
fascinating well how do the Republicans
respond to this asked about the swing
Republican National Committee chairwoman
rana mcdaniel cited robust fundraising I
love that in other words that we're rich
don't worry about it we'll just buy the
elections we'll get all those
corporations that we gave tax cuts
through to give us some millions upon
millions of dollars like they do every
time which is true they will and then
we'll run deceptive advertising
pretending were for the average guy so
problem solved and by the way in the
past that has largely worked but we have
not sweet scene swings of this magnitude
before look I'm showing you a
demographic that it was pro Trump Pro
Republican Party in the demographics
that were never for Trump this
disastrous news for the Republicans
they've lost almost all
african-americans they've lost a giant
chunk of women even women who voted for
Donald Trump and apparently now regret
it not all of them of course but a big
enough percentage that it could easily
swing elections in fact we've seen
Alexis forget at the Alabama Senate race
because it had Roy Warren and that's a
unique case but in Pennsylvania a
district that was solidly 19 points in
fair the Republicans gone gone so it
really could be a tsunami here one more
quote from Reuters the potential impact
of any suite to Democrats is magnified
given that older educated adults are
reliable voters they also make up a
sizable portion of the voting population
in many districts where elections are
close and that's just coincidence but
that is relevant to the elections that
are coming up especially in the house
now not only are they an important base
for Trump that is now leaving him and
the Republican Party but they also are
voters above the age of 60 are the most
reliable voters there are so I wish
younger voters were as reliable as them
and perhaps they will be now that they
are energized but losing your most
reliable voters is a disastrous
situation so finally we get to the
question of why
well it could be that they've just been
watching TV and anyone who has any kind
of objectivity and an open mind can look
at Trump and go oh this is an absolute
disaster I mean we can talk about all
the policy issues when caused all the
damage that's been done etc but even
things as simple as the guy not being
very bright I'm gonna give you one
example so during the eye this one of my
favorite things during the Easter Egg
Roll that he held at the White House he
even know the name of the White House
listen list
even though he quotes it earlier in the
swatch this yeah there's a name port
it's the one you said earlier in the
sentence the White House
painfully dumb but yes that slowly it
might be a factor but it turns out
there's an even more interesting factor
as to why he's losing these specific
voters it turns out his health care and
the number of people who are saying that
it's their top priority has recently
tripled
now why particularly health care for
these older voters okay I'm gonna go
back to orders for that part of the
explanation voters between the ages of
60 and 65 are particularly worried about
health care said Bridget Harrison a
political scientist at Montclair State
University in New Jersey because they
are paying ever higher private health
insurance premiums and are not yet
eligible for Medicare I told you this is
why Medicare for all is polling so well
this is why guys like better or Roarke
are running on the platform or Medicare
for all in Texas of all places to defeat
senator Ted Cruz so it's because people
are going let us in let us say and we've
heard from our friends Medicare's
excellent Medicare cell pulls us 77% and
now six out of ten Americans saying let
us in we know Medicare works not only is
it better coverage but it's also cheaper
so it turns out
the Republicans thought they were
geniuses by trying to destroy Obamacare
and by the way doing the tax cuts which
then also cut Medicare and then they
threatened to cut it even further so now
the Democrats gonna run ads on that all
over the country and they should because
that is true and and Americans like
Medicare and this whole idea of
destroying anything that might get them
better coverage give them lower premiums
and the one thing they were looking
forward to attacking Medicare itself
they were sometimes literally dining it
into Medicare turns out has turned off
the educated voters that are above 60
and white it has even gone past that
demographic advantage that Donald Trump
had if this holds all of the pollsters
and the political scientists are right
the Republicans are in deep deep trouble
in 2018 you just watch the video by The
Young Turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
