News just came in right before we went
live on air that Michael Cohen
president's lawyer had an FBI raid of
his house all right this is incredibly
important and he might be in a world of
legal trouble and it might have
implications beyond the stormy Daniels
case so let me set it up for you guys
New York Times reporting the FBI on
Monday raided the office of president
Trump's longtime personal lawyer Michael
D Cohen seizing records related to
several topics including payments to a
pornographic film actress that's of
course stormy Daniels Michael Cohen of
course answered with says who she's a
famous a little piece of Michael Cohen
in cable news history and of course the
answer was says the FBI so is this
related to Muller well the search does
not appear to be directly related to mr.
mullahs investigation but likely
resulted from information he had
uncovered and gave to prosecutors in New
York so let's talk about why they're
doing this and what the implications are
before we turn to anything other than
stormy Daniels so we all know that
Michael Cohen right before the election
in October of 2016
gave stormy Daniels a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars now that appears to be
hush money to cover up a sexual affair
the stormy Danielson and the president
had apparently back in 2006 and this is
shortly after President Trump at the
time had gotten married to Melania and
and they were having a child together
so it's damaging what might be more
damaging is stormy Daniels lawyer claims
that they have pictures and text so that
might be a part of the reason why they
were panicked to get out in front of
this one allegation to make sure that it
is covered up now Michael Kohn has never
really given a great explanation as to
why it's not hush money
he claims that well look I just want him
to make sure that this was resolved I
really don't know what that means
resolved it on behalf of who clearly on
behalf of Donald Trump
so which then leads to the question of
okay did you report
as a campaign donation to Donald Trump
if you didn't or even if you did it's
illegal you can't do that you're in a
world of trouble because it's clearly
related to the campaign right before the
election he doesn't wanted to get out
now he can go to court and make the case
no coincidentally I happen to pay the
adult film actress with these
accusations $130,000 right before the
campaign having that and right before
the election having nothing new with the
campaign good luck with that argument in
open court so if he's it's a campaign
donation he's toast
uh if he claims it's not and he just
felt like Donald Trump was such a great
buddy of his that he just want to give
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars
well did you report that as a gift in
your taxes and by the way they now have
his taxes as well so and the Donald
Trump report receiving that as a gift
did you guys make sure to note that no
of Cour
they're not saying that it was a gift so
it is very doubtful that they reported
as such in taxes well that would be
another giant problem well if it's not a
gift or a donation
why in the world did you give $130,000
forward for your own benefit why would
it be for your own benefit why were you
involved with stormy Daniels there's
something we don't know about this the
problem for Michael Cohen is he has no
good answers and look if they had just
said yes it was hush money okay that's
not a great way to put it politically
but if they said look Michael cone is
acting as Donald Trump's lawyer and then
Donald Trump gave him the money back
well then at least it wouldn't be an
illegal campaign donation it would be
Donald Trump paying off someone and and
he could use his own money for his own
campaign but they didn't say that in
fact Donald Trump just threw Michael
Cohen on the bus yet last week saying
that he didn't know anything about
130,000 dollar payment that puts Michael
Cohen and even deeper trouble and
actually takes away the one out that
Trump and Cohen could have used to claim
that they had in fact coordinating this
that it was you know politically
damaging for him but legally not an
issue but as usual the rocket scientist
Donald Trump took that excuse away so
now cone an even deeper trouble
are they going to look to other issues
as well let's go to the near end of the
New York Times article on this issue
that just came out the FBI also seized
emails tax documents and business
records the person said this these
records include communications between
mr. Trump and mr. Cohn which would
likely require a special team of agents
to review because conversations between
lawyers and clients are protected from
scrutiny in most instances so a lot of
that stuff will not be able to be used
in a court of law if it was within their
attorney-client relationship but maybe
some of it isn't especially regarding
tax and business records and what if
they find other things related to Donald
Trump in those tax and business records
that are not privileged and that have
nothing to do with stormy Daniels but
had that have to do with other financial
interests perhaps related to foreign
countries so the plot gets thicker and
Michael Cohen is in a world of trouble
and Donald Trump I think doesn't
understand the kind of trouble he's now
in because of this as far as further
details on this I have one thing to say
can't wait if you like this video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
