now when dapple was happening that was
in North Dakota and was a fight over
Dakota access pipeline the water
protectors both the Native Americans and
other concerned Americans that were up
there said look pipelines leak they leak
all the time and if you build this
pipeline it's going to leak into the
water because on its under the water and
that is going to be deeply problematic
and over the debates around Keystone XL
pipeline which is a different pipeline
we had similar issues where protesters
and concerned citizens would say
pipelines leak they will definitely and
of course the right wing and business
interest corporate interests said Oh
ridiculous pipelines leaking what are
the chances and people will show dozens
upon dozens of cases of pipelines
leaking and they say Oh it'll never
happen and then of course we had a giant
leak from Keystone in South Dakota last
November now we find out that leak was
way larger than reported of course of
course it was all right the Keystone
crude oil pipeline as Reuters explains
the pipeline leak in November and rural
South Dakota was nearly double the
original estimate making it one of the
largest us inland spill since 2010 and
newspaper report on Saturday said so
they're not done yet they explained
further Keystone has leaked
substantially more oil and more often in
the United States when the company
indicated the regulators and risk
assessment before operations began in
2010 according to documents reviewed by
Reuters so Reuters looks at documents
they stuff they trust this manner there
won't be very many leaks at all and if
they do it won't leak much and then they
look at the results and the results are
devastating way beyond what the
estimates were it's almost as if you
can't trust the private corporation to
look out for the American people that
they might actually want to look out for
their profits that in fact they are
legally instructed to only look out for
their profits and the idea that they
would care about American citizens is
comical it's not in their Charter it's
not in their bylaws that's not how we
wrote the laws we built these
run away machines and told them the
maximize profit at all costs yes their
job is to look out for themselves our
government's job is to look out for us
because they're supposed to be our
representatives but unfortunately we
allow for private financing of Elections
so corporations just simply give money
to our politicians and then the
government turns around and credulous Li
says oh no I'm sure that whatever they
report about their own leaks is true and
we'll just take their estimates at face
value so of course now under Trump all
these pipelines have been approved so
the leak in November was already
devastating but buckle up and brace for
impact because there are no more rules
they're allowed to do whatever they want
and leaks are an absolute guarantee and
so is the environmental devastation that
comes along with it it's not like we
didn't warn you
we did but the government doesn't work
for you it works for them if you liked
this video bless your heart we got a lot
more where that came from we do a full
show every day Monday through Friday
come enjoy ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
