recently Donald Trump announced tariffs
against China and he says look these
tariffs make our country stronger that's
why we're gonna do steel and aluminum
tabs to help steel an aluminum now a lot
of people say well the tariffs hurt
other parts of the economy and it's
probably not a good idea even for those
industries but Trump says no so then we
got fifty billion dollars of tariffs
laid on top of China and then China
retaliated fifty billion of their own
Trump threatened a hundred billion
dollar tariff against China that would
be layered on top of all the rest but
there was one interesting note about who
didn't get tariffs at all
see ya look low on crime reports one
Chinese industry that is notably not
subject to those new US tariffs however
is the clothing manufacturing industry
let's try to find out if that might
relate to Donald Trump
and his family and their businesses oh
look at this many of the products
branded by Ivanka Trump's fashion and
clothing line are manufactured in China
Wow well you look at that it turns out
the only person not getting a tariff is
named Trump Ivanka Trump so look to be
fair there might be a host of reasons
why clothing is not included in these
non Seva's nonsense tariffs it certainly
involves more than just Ivanka Trump a
lot of people make clothes in America
giving you the full context there but
yet again conveniently a Trump
organization or in this case someone
related to Trump's organization happens
to not have those rules apply to him
just like Donald Trump was mar-a-lago he
cut off all sorts of immigrants except
the kind of immigrants that work for him
for really cheap rates at mar-a-lago
those particular visas he continued so
the conflicts of interest here are
blaring and glaring and unreal and they
continue unabated one more thing here to
give you a sense of the corruption on a
similar story China recently approved
three new trademarks for Ivanka Trump's
brand there in China on the same day she
dined with Chinese President Xi Jingping
in her official capacity as White House
adviser if you think it's a coincidence
that the very hard to get trademarks in
China were granted on the same day that
a vodka Trump had dinner with the leader
of China in her official capacity well
you are well I don't know that anyone's
that goal even if you're a right winger
you know that those things are related
okay so obviously the Chinese saying
it's okay we'll take care of Ivanka now
Trump saying back look we're gonna fight
on other grounds but not on the grounds
of Ivanka's business that's a Trump
business that's really important so
regular rules are suspended in that case
I know that we've all gotten used to the
unreal conflicts of interest in the
Trump administration but we shouldn't
get used to it this is one of many
instances where the Trump's win and the
rest of us lose you just watch the video
by The Young Turks the home of the
revolution if you'd like to get the full
show come join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
