we had two people ban on the show and
the reason we banned them is not because
we disagreed with them but because we
thought they were actors who were just
trying to get attention their names were
Ann Coulter and Donald Trump and as
literal we had a band for years and
years we would never talk about their
stories because it was obvious that they
were just trying to troll the whole
country unfortunately it worked so now
we don't have a choice and so Trump is
president and Culture is to some degree
dictating policy and so when Trump
talked about doing the daca deal Coulter
yelled at him and I guess he was
chastised by that and and decided well I
have to appease Coulter and and the kind
of monsters that she plays into and yeah
I think she's an actress I debated her
once that I asked her about it she
almost admitted it and then realized
what she was doing and then back pedaled
and was like oh I hate the Browning of
America okay so she plays a racist on TV
it's really sad that that works that
that that's I mean she's of course has
no moral Center that that's how she
makes a living but it's sad that if
there's enough people that it appeals to
that she makes a good living and Donald
Trump using those same strategies became
the President of the United States so
when she says something as abhorrent as
maybe we should shoot one to teach him a
lesson we all recoil and a lot of people
will be outraged but I bet you there's a
giant chunk of the country who thinks
that that makes sense I don't know if
the numbers 20 percent 30 or 40 but it's
a big number
well sorry write that I'm at the end of
a though Ann Coulter he gets headlines
for that we're sitting here talking
about in Coulter you know she gets she
gets paid and other people actually buy
into and believe what she's saying yeah
I was just gonna say like she can talk
about Voltaire to pretend that she's
high-minded in some fashion but we know
where they choose one and kill them to
send a message it's in the worst prison
camps and the worst dictatorships and
fascist regimes regimes in the history
of the past 100 200 years and she
apparently thinks that America has not
taken enough steps along that path
perhaps we could take another one and
use this border security thing as an
opportunity
