it appears that Donald Trump is in
disagreement with his own generals in
regard to Syria and whether or not US
troops should pull out of Syria now
first let me give you some context about
the current u.s. involvement in Syria
currently we have about two thousand
troops on the ground and we have already
spent thirty billion dollars in Syria
and there has been a request to spend an
additional 18 billion by the end of this
year now Trump wants to take a more
Machiavellian approach when it comes to
Syria he would like to take some extreme
action and pull out as soon as possible
whereas the generals believe that
there's really no victory in sight in
fact there's a lot of disagreement about
what victory means in this case and they
would like to remain in Syria
indefinitely now according to the
Washington Post Trump's words both in
public and private describe a view that
war should be brutal and Swift waged
with overwhelming firepower and in some
cases with little regard for civilian
casualties Trump also urged the CIA to
start aiming its drones in Syria he has
said if you can do it in 10 days get it
done so the Obama administration did not
want to utilize weaponized drones in
Syria they believed in the use of
surveillance drones but they did not
want to do drone strikes in Syria Trump
comes into office and he changes that
particular policy now when the agency's
head of drone operations explained that
the CIA had developed special munitions
to limit civilian casualties the
president seemed unimpressed watching a
previously recorded strike in which the
agency held off on firing until the
target had wandered away from a house
with his family inside Trump asked why
did you wait so he wanted the family
members of that target to also
essentially die in that drone strike and
that's really the biggest takeaway from
this Washington Post piece and just to
be clear senior administration officials
who are obviously close with Trump spoke
to reporters at The Washington Post
about this all right so three layers to
this story first of all the most
horrifying one is the last one there
they got the guy it's not like the guy
got away and he's like dammit why don't
you wait I would have I don't mind
killing the family members if it means
getting him no they got him and he's
like why didn't you gratuitously kill
his family too cuz the guy's a monster
he's a sociopath
he has no empathy kids could be in that
building he does he's like why didn't
you murder the kids maybe there's a
three-year-old in there why didn't we
execute him
and so he's admonishing his military
there for not killing civilians I just I
can't describe how monstrous that is so
now when you go to the other parts of it
the CIA has intelligence in their name
it's Central Intelligence Agency they
are supposed to collect intelligence
that was supposed to be the whole point
of the CIA now we know that they've gone
far beyond that mandate for a long long
time Obama and did plenty of drone
strikes and killed plenty of people
including civilians so but in Syria he
said look the CIA should stick to
intelligence so you could use the drones
to collect that information but with
that information if we want to do a
strike it's not like Obama didn't do a
strike see that a ton of strikes inside
of Syria he's like then we'll have the
military do the strike after you
collected intelligence cuz I don't want
the CIA to be a rogue operation that
runs away and starts killing people when
they're supposed to be just collecting
intelligence now the third part of this
you might be surprised I agree with
Trump on when he said let's withdraw
2,000 troops great hallelujah I I think
that them being in the middle of that
conflict does us no good at all and some
of the people that we have armed is
Syria or disastrous we're getting hit on
all sides and it hasn't even gotten
disastrous in terms of being hit as much
as it could be I mean this is kind of an
appetizer for what what it could turn
out to be so get him out get him out get
him out but what happens the
military-industrial complex comes in and
the one decent idea that Trump has
they're like don't you yeah don't you
dare do it and then he's a child and he
bows his head and goes Oh
daddy and so that one good idea is gone
but when you know when he yells at him
to kill civilians my guess is that will
be executed and by the way it has been
the interceptors reported we are now
killing civilians at a much greater rate
than we were on even I don't Obama yeah
for the military-industrial complex a
standpoint you'd think they'd be all for
waiting for the families to be separate
from the targets because no one no one
sees their dad get killed and goes you
know what mr. Trump thank you for just
killing my dad mm-hmm you know it
creates they lose a terrorists gain a
terrorist situation so by Trump's logic
if you follow is ridiculous if is less
logic you should kill the whole family
you should kill everybody there because
it's such a quagmire the only solution
from this logic alone is to get rid of
everyone there because all you do is
create more and more crap the problem is
Trump looks at this the way it from like
a world war two type of war standpoint
where like their states and you defeat
them and then afterwards you go in and
that's air and then you get out and you
move and and you move on this is more of
a Vietnam type situation where people
are fighting for the land they grew up
on in their lives in relation to other
forces that are at work on the ground
there and that's something that he
doesn't understand because he stayed
home during well that's what I was gonna
say the other point is and I'm not like
I have not served you know overseas in
war but all the veterans I've spoken to
have interviewed over the years anybody
would tell you that kind of a statement
where all were should be brutal Swift
kill as many civilians as possible
sounds like it's coming from a guy who
has never actually been in war and
doesn't know what actually happens there
but it's funny cuz you mentioned World
War two do you know what I was thinking
of while I was also listening to you
read the quotes there jank there was a
great optin post a couple of months ago
maybe or maybe was right around the
Oscars because we have a number of
Hollywood films that have all been lying
izing Winston Churchill and so there was
this great op-ed that was like well I
know that we've now you know made him
out to be
incredible hero because of world war ii
but it listed one example after another
where he advocated for using chemical
weapons where he advocated for mass
civilian casualties where he advocated
for incredibly racist and prejudiced
policy and didn't care and it and it
terrifies me I mean I hope history won't
be kind to Donald Trump I can't really
see how it will be in any way but it's a
good thing to pay attention to these
things and remember because you know one
of the things we were also I think of
afraid of during the Obama
administration and calling out his civil
liberties violations was the precedent
that it would set and right would open
the door for whoever came next to
potentially do worse with it so now we
have Donald Trump that's exactly right
and and what's interesting in this
dynamic is I don't know who I side with
because well first of all I wish that we
didn't intervene in the first place and
I know that there are people that
disagree with that and you know
humanitarian you know people will
mention humanitarian crises as a reason
to get involved but once you get
involved now you're dealing with a very
difficult question because Trump is
approaching this from an ignorant place
and let me finish what I mean by that he
doesn't understand the nuances of
foreign policy he also doesn't seem to
understand why we really get involved in
foreign conflict in the first place it's
not for humanitarian reasons it's not to
help anyone it's because we do have that
military industrial complex and as you
are about to find from all the different
military members that spoke to the
Washington Post on this they want
perpetual war they want to remain in
Syria because there really is no
solution to this their idea is no no we
have to stay there forever because the
second we leave then all of a sudden
there'll be the emergence of a new
terrorist organization and so and then
so Trump's perspective is no we need to
win so like let's go in let's go hard
let's get out get it he's like what do
you mean he does he does get it the
thing he gets is that he if he
simplifies he can win a rhetorical
debate in public among the people he
seeks approval from if he's losing
this moment where he's kind of losing
faith from evangelicals and other people
that in anti-immigration type people
that were kind of out there in the ether
and then he came out and was like we're
gonna you know we go send the National
Guard to the border and with this it's
like we're just gonna bomb the hell out
of them and leave those are things that
are very simple in something that when
you go through what the generals are
saying you know one side can interpret
that the military-industrial complex
wants this like you know ethereal
concept of victory and failure but he
just wants to make it simple again
because that's an easier argument to win
and that's whether it's a strategic move
or not or just his dumb stumbling into
things that seem to work
yeah public you know is is certainly in
my opinion the way Trump operates
I highly doubt he understands the
involvement in turkey turkeys targeting
of Kurds in Syria and how you know that
he doesn't understand that doesn't
understand Russia's involvement or or
what fuels Russia's intentions in Syria
like it's a complicated complex mess and
he has no interest in intelligence
briefings has no idea what he's doing
but oddly enough the idea of pulling out
is much better than wanting to remain
there forever but he's the perfect tool
of the military-industrial complex yeah
way too right because you have to create
a boogeyman and in order to have one a
but also that's what we've done if you
look at of course the war in Iraq if you
look at Isis and so Trump is like the
perfect guy to go out there and say we
have this enemy we need to have a
decisive victory let's do it yeah and
it's funny the military-industrial
complex you'd think they'd brag more
about or in Trump would want to bring
more about how much damage they've done
the Isis because they actually have done
a considerable amount of damage it
started under Obama and has continued
under Trump but they don't brag about
that why because then we might want to
leave so that stuff does brag about it
but you don't hear his generals bragging
about it it was certain no but Trump
barely does though I mean you know how
big of a braggart he is you'd think he'd
be pounding his chest non-stop I beat
Isis I beat Isis but but look last thing
on his misunderstanding which is he
thinks well like World War two
Churchill was you know in a lot of ways
monstrous as Ilona pointed out and we
won and we beat the bad guys we dropped
a nuke we won we beat the bad guys but
the Japanese government for example and
as hideous as they were back then still
cared about their people they they had
pride in being Japanese and they didn't
want all their people killed
Isis doesn't care about the people there
they regularly execute them they attack
them they half of them they despise and
would love to murder so if you dropped a
nuke in the middle of that area they'd
like thank you on a couple of counts
even certainly not the guys underneath
the nuke I grant you that okay but for
for the idea and ideology of Isis one
have the people you killed or Shia so
they're thrilled about it and those are
the guys they were trying to kill anyway
have another percentage of the people
they were fighting at the same place
you dropped a nuke it doesn't
discriminate it also kills their
opponents right but most importantly it
allows them to say to the rest of the
Muslim world we told you these guys are
monsters they kill children he wanted to
kill the family members he wanted to
kill the family members you see there is
no appeasing America you have to join
our fight so in that sense he's their
best ally and and look we dropped more
bombs in Vietnam than in all of World
War two and we still didn't win we the
bombing is not the answer unless you're
in the business of selling bombs what
you just watched was one of the videos
that we do today but we actually do a
whole two-hour show every single day
it's a podcast you could watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get it completely ad-free
if you could become a member of the
young turks TYT Network comm /join
