new information indicates that Facebook
was working with specific doctors in an
effort to convince hospitals to share
anonymized information on their patients
and then essentially match that data set
with their own data set in order to
offer certain healthcare services to
individuals now facebook asked several
major US hospitals to share this
anonymous data about their patients such
as their illnesses and their
prescription information now facebook
proposed using a common computer science
technique called hashing to match
individuals who existed in both data
sets facebook says that the data would
have been used only for research
conducted by the medical community so i
will give you an example and this is
actually similar to an example that a
facebook spokesperson gave to the media
so for instance let's say there is a
particular patient at a hospital who has
heart issues and that person based on
the data on facebook is kind of lonely
doesn't have a lot of friends doesn't
have many family members essentially
what would happen if this project came
to fruition is the doctor or the health
professionals would know about the lack
of loved ones in this person's life and
then offer like a follow-up to check in
on that person just to make sure he or
she is doing well so that's an example
of how this data could be used but
here's the biggest issue there was no
talk of consent right and there was no
talk of disclosure or transparency now
it was intending to match up with user
data it had collected and helped the
hospital's figure out which patients
might need special care or treatment
after the whole Cambridge analytical
thing happened Facebook decided to table
this and they claimed that this work has
not been progressed past the planning
phase and we have not received shared or
analyzed anyone's data so here's my
defense of Facebook first let me explain
what I'm not defending them on so when
they say oh no UK it's it's not gonna
reveal personal information but you
matched the two records so you know who
it is and in fact even in your own
example of sending the nurse over them
to help them how would you know who to
send the nurse to exactly
so don't get me wrong I get it you're
gonna know your identity right you're
gonna use it to mark it like at home
care live in Arizona even though the
page yeah you know what look you guys
are pre-empting my argument and and I
might have a pre-emptive surrender here
in a second but look on the other hand I
think that it could be helpful to the
medical community and maybe I'm being
naive here but I'd be a little surprised
if the higher-ups in Facebook didn't
think that they were doing some good in
the world and and thought like hey maybe
this will earn us some some you know
positive goodwill and then africaine
bridge analytical they're like oh we
have people's private health information
no no no no no we did we didn't mean to
do that yeah I am so on I'm naive what
do you guys I'm kind of with you in a
way a there's Silicon Valley people of
course they think that they're saving
the world
yeah that's really shocking at all but I
think that we genuinely have a problem
in this country where we don't collect
enough data I rot you know in that kind
of way obviously the government does it
obviously these companies do it but we
don't study and research problems on a
mass scale enough in this country and
and so of course we have to find a way
to really address health problems
address the problems of people not
having certain support systems but you
still have to ask people you still have
to have consent and you can't just
collect it without telling so I look I'm
sorry I just come from a much more
pessimistic position on pretty much
everything I understand that
look Facebook's I'm sure they think they
have the best intentions in mind so I'll
give them that
however Facebook's whole business model
is selling our data to advertisers
they're doing this so hospitals and
healthcare professionals can advertise
services to us that's what this is all
about it's not about offering you know
better health care I I just don't see
that happening I mean we have a huge
issue in the country with really bad
health care already and it seems like
there's a lot of pushback from the
health care community in terms of
improving it I don't think that Facebook
is gonna be that puzzle piece that
Facebook is hiring 10,000 people to
monitor news that is a lot of people
that gives you an idea of the scope of
how many people work
so I don't think that the project
managers on the medical research project
are evil people I know for a fact that
people who are are the higher-ups at
Facebook are really great fantastic
people who do want to make a difference
in the world but there's another team
that's gonna monetize this eventually
there's another team in charge of
protecting that data and that might fail
and this might get into the wrong hands
the frustrating thing that drives me
absolutely crazy with Zuckerberg and the
people in Silicon Valley is how good
they think they're being and they need
like a shot-caller on their net they
don't realize that they're doing it
again and every time there's another
apology they're doing it again
you're gonna be like no information will
save the world well you're doing it
again you need to when you have an idea
that requires getting information that
people have not necessarily explicitly
and knowingly given permission for you
to mine you need to not just take that
from their internet profiles you need to
go to their house and get that
information that way so that maybe you
can realize just how frickin creepy
you're being it is creepy and by the way
I mean look what there's a lot of
attention placed on Facebook and just
think about all the different platforms
you use to buy things related to your
health I mean they have that data on you
right I have used Amazon for instance to
purchase supplements and so they know
what kind of supplements I like they
know what kind of vitamin deficiencies I
have it yes it's concerning you know we
sometimes without really thinking about
it give away certain data to companies
that have a vested interest in selling
that data but I think that's the
important thing here is obviously like
we're going through a shift mentally
when it comes to the way that we look at
these tech companies which i think is
very important because we've looked at
them as these like benevolent beings for
such a long time because they're leaders
in progress and innovation and
technology they're driving us forward
but they're trying to make money you
know at the end of the day and we though
as the users have just been doing it
willingly it's not like anyone it's not
like there has never been a story out
there telling you that all of your data
is be
collected it's not like you don't have
the option to read the terms of service
agreement on everything but we just I
understand but I think that we need to
like take a little bit of responsibility
then in in at least pushing back we've
never got the the big pressure put on
them to make opting in rather than
having to opt out if there's never
elections until now right it wasn't
until like right we made it a really big
they have made that change from being
like we're just put stuff on our
platform to like okay we will start to
try to make a more active take an active
role in it it just thinks they sound
like Bruce and Friday finding Nemo that
shark is like consumers are friends not
data and then they get a little sniff of
how they can get the data and then their
eyes glaze over and they graciously
everyone's information ya know let's
just call it what it is Brett has won
the day so I switched my position to
Brett's - the shotgun hey you're right a
lot of people probably wanted to do
right in in that building when they
first started the project you're right
they can't resist the data there's no
way they're gonna go for a system where
you have to opt in instead because that
would cost them billions upon billions
of dollars people right no and it's that
makes a giant difference in how much
data you have and data is their business
model and finally there's apparently a
building 8 in Facebook where they do
experimental projects sounds great ok
let the conspiracy theories begin don't
do that by the way don't do that don't
do the shot-caller and don't do the
conspiracy theories you just watch the
video by the Young Turks
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get a lot more than that get the full
show by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
