are we in a trade war I hear routinely
from defenders of the president that
were not but I also hear from him that
we've already lost the trade war or if
we engage in one they're easy to win but
that we've then lost it switches back
and forth a lot so I'm just gonna lay
out the facts from the past week and
then we're gonna discuss try to figure
out what the current state of our trade
policy with China is so earlier this
week the US announced new tariffs on
fifty billion dollars worth of Chinese
goods claiming that China is stealing US
intellectual property although to be
fair US scientists have stolen the
Chinese hoax of global warming so I
guess we've gotten a little bit back for
our money so the u.s. threatened to levy
import taxes on more than 1300 Chinese
products including TVs dishwashers and
printers also aircraft and chemicals and
automobiles and so in turn China vowed
to target key US exports including
soybeans but also interestingly Levi's
whiskey and Harley Davidsons amongst
others and so that amounted to about 50
billion dollars worth of tariffs on US
goods so so great both of our economies
are going to be doing much better as a
result of 50 billion one-way fifty
billion the other way and so Donald
Trump saw that and said in light of
China's unfair retaliation I've
instructed the US Trade Representative
to consider whether 100 billion dollars
of additional tariffs would be
appropriate that came late last evening
and so the Chinese heard about it though
and they said this if the United States
disregards the opposition of China and
the international community and insists
on unilateral list and protectionist
trade practices the Chinese side will
follow through to the end and will not
hesitate to fight back at any cost
ministry spokesman Gao Feng said we are
prepared and have already formulated
very detailed countermeasures so we put
tariffs on them and they put them back
on us and so we double down on them and
now they seem to be prepared to do the
same to us which is an interesting
situation to be in
I think academics have a term for that
but anyway why don't we go to a little
bit of the president defending this
recent move and then we'll have a little
bit of discussion we have a trade
deficit depending on the way you
calculate of five hundred and four
billion dollars does
some people would say it's really 375
billion dollars in particular with China
we're going to be doing a section 301
trade action it could be about sixty
billion dollars but that's really just a
fraction of what we're talking about
I've asked them to reduce the trade
deficit immediately by one hundred
billion dollars it's a lot so that would
be anywhere from twenty five percent
depending on the way you figure to maybe
something even more than that but we
have to do that so we're doing that okay
my favorite parts so much fun here until
of course the trade work actually begins
and then not fun for anyone so first of
all he says there's a trade deficit of
500 billion some say 375 billion you
know why some say that because that's
the real number he had earlier said five
hundred billion dollars so that's why
they told me hey knucklehead you got it
wrong for the billion of time in a row
so he's like wow it's still five hundred
but I'm saying some say three hundred
seventy five billion so that was a fun
part and then another fun part was after
they do these round of tariffs threats
they say in light of China's unfair
retaliation is John with you but wait we
struck first now look don't get me wrong
China does a lot of things manipulation
of their currency and they do attack our
intellectual property etc and as a lot
of people in politics are rightfully
pointing out there are smart ways to
address that this is not among them
right but when we go go we will be doing
tariffs on you fifty billion than one
hundred billion right and they retaliate
you can't then cry about gold that is
such unfair retaliation I can't believe
they did that that is the most
believable thing in the world of course
they're gonna retaliate that's kind of
how this stuff works and the fact that
he as usual couldn't see it coming is
hilarious and depressing and then I like
China's quote they said that they will
quote counterattack with great strength
my guess is they said it that way so to
get Trump's attention may know the
knuckleheads if you read the week or
you're strong you're either losing your
win so like we're coming at you with
great strength he's like oh no well he
also said that a 100 billion dollars it
makes me think of Austin Powers the way
that he pronounces the never cuz it
feels unreal because that's the way
unfortunately everything is when you
have a president who acts like a
petulant child right and makes
everything a tit for tat wants to wag
his steak and show who has the lit
largest one and then like you guys
pointed out if these policies go into
effect if they're implemented it's the
American voters who actually help put
them into office that are going to be
hurting from it people who work in
agriculture people who work in
manufacturing and production and it's
it's a lose-lose you know for either
side our two economies are so
interconnected and interdependent but
that's what you get when everybody wants
to play around with words and billions
and hundreds of billions of dollars I
think it's actually even like worse than
that so as a financial person before I
ran for Congress you know he's sitting
here talking about what he's planning to
do there are ways that we could
effectively improve our situation
nationally in our trade deals we
definitely need to renegotiate and
renegotiate all of them ensuring that
people internationally are also
protected as well as the interest of
America as far as being able to regulate
these deals as well but the one thing
that I found most ridiculous about his
his tantrum that he threw over this deal
was that he failed to even talk about
another source of our economy that's
being outsourced and that's through our
own American companies that he just gave
a huge tax break to and pretty much just
gave them you know what will this make
you pay a minimum tax to bring all that
offshore money back into the United
States when they're able to profit off
of wages and countries of people that
are not livable that are being
detrimental e affected and yet we're er
not really addressing that problem
within our
country and then he's going and doing
this extreme measure you know in other
countries and yet rewarding American
companies and are not keeping their jobs
here in America so it's very it's just
being a hypocrite to me so let me double
down on that and give even a little bit
more context so why why is he doing that
so there is the right way to do it which
is for example what I'm against the TPP
and and the reason for that is that he
gives multinational corporations
sovereignty over our laws and other
countries laws it's not the word against
free trade it's that we wanted to be on
behalf of the citizens not on behalf of
corporations and there's a giant giant
difference the reason that'll Trump
can't say that the reality of the
situation even though he knows that that
is popular position that's why he took
it during the campaign he can't say it
because those corporations are his
donors yeah so that's why he's got to
say oh I'm gonna take on China because
saying he's gonna take it on
multinational corporations is not going
to play well in raising funding for the
his campaign and the Republican
campaigns overall and the right way to
do it would be through a series of
counter measures where then you force
China to react to you publicly and and
that makes them the bad guy and yes it
does matter because it matters and how
the rest of the world reacts Europe etc
the that that's a strategic way of
handling it the reason the second reason
why Trump says is so brashley and openly
is because he doesn't care about doing
it the right way of course partly
because he's not bright enough but the
other reason is so that he can take
credit it's about politics
I was talk with China now is that the
best strategy no but it helped them
politically because with his knucklehead
voters they're like oh you went like
this to China and and I noticed that and
so he must be a tough guy but I hate to
interrupt you for a moment Jake you and
I talked about this before too that I
feel the same way with we know with
Russia when people bring it up is that's
the way our politics works is
unfortunately we are so focused on
optics and you just want somebody to act
tough and say that they were tough you
know and so nobody actually thinks
through policy what it's going to mean
what the consequences or repercussions
of it might be it's all about whether
you stood tough and talks tough or not
and I think what that kind of spreads
all around and so you know let's think
about how shallow we can be a lot of the
time yeah he doesn't I been talking
about China and our trade deficit with
them since back during the election and
he's been talking about tariffs and that
was one of the things I was worried
about when he became president was he
talked about tariffs like this and I
still after all this time I don't think
he actually knows what the trade deficit
actually represents no way it's just a
measure of competition and not a
reflection of our industries which
change over time and in terms of
arithmetic I find it frustrating because
he seems to think it's too big it needs
to be smaller
how much smaller will he's proposed a
hundred and fifty billion dollars
smaller but he originally thought it was
500 billion dollars and now he seems to
accept it's three hundred and seventy
five billion dollars that's almost
exactly how much smaller he thought it
needed to be so why are we going through
this whole process and one thing I would
like is there's been a lot of news
coverage of this today and the analogy
that everyone's got if we had the
technology we'd do one of those John
Oliver style things of everybody saying
it is that he's engaged in a game of
chicken with China and he refuses to
swerve but he's not engaged in a game of
chicken because in a game of chicken you
risk yourself he's not risking himself
if it crashes it's the economy that
crashes not Donald Trump Donald Trump is
gonna be just fine
his voters could be ruined they could
lose their industries they could lose
their houses and all of that but he is
gonna be fine so stop acting like he's
being brash and bold you can be very
bold with other people's money that's
easy well he's on that his whole life
and I like to end on to more fun quotes
Larry Kudlow who is talking head on
television nothing wrong with that per
se
but not necessarily the the right
position right person for the position
of National Economic Advisers the
president anyway that's what he is now
he's always been for free trade and
against tariffs now because he's working
under the thumb of Donald Trump he's
like yeah tariffs good idea and I said a
huge fight the other day with one of the
Fox Business hosts that he used to be
friends with anyway he wrote or he said
trying to explain this away we're not
running a trade war nothing's happened
nothing has been exit
there's no there there yet but there
will be in other words trying to split
the baby like don't panic markets
markets don't panic there's no trade war
but Donald Trump don't fire me because
there will be trust me there will be but
there isn't but there will be but there
isn't oh but again for any Trump advisor
and I can't stand Larry Kudlow but any
Trump advisor I feel bad for because
it's an impossible job you have to
somehow try to make sure the world
doesn't explode while your boss is
trying to make it explode and finally if
you don't believe us maybe you'll
believe a deeply right-wing Republican
from Nebraska
classy Ben Sasse he said about the
sanctions this is the tariffs I should
say the dumbest possible way to do this
that's a direct quote he said hopefully
the president is just blowing off steam
again but if he's even half serious this
is nuts and added China is guilty of
many things but the president has no
actual plan to win right now he's
threatening to light American
agriculture on fire if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
