traveling to space is admittedly
extremely expensive but luckily there is
a company that is planning on launching
a program a hotel that will allow you to
spend some time in space for a fraction
of previous costs now it'll cost only
about 10 million dollars but here is
what we know so far about a project that
is possibly going to launch in the next
four years it's billed as the world's
first luxury space hotel it's known as
aurora station and it was announced at
the space 2.0 summit in San Jose
California so there is an image of what
it would look like honestly I have no
interest in that looks like he's going
down a dream like that doesn't look fun
and he looks like a maze in an awkward
position but I to role is gonna love you
guys the hotel will orbit earth every 90
minutes which means guests will see
around 16 sunrises and sunsets every 24
hours
I always cool got really excited like
John you're not gonna make ten million
dollars in the entirety of your life
knowing is gonna get this hotel or all
the Silicon Valley people that we were
just talking about well that's true and
all the Trump voters will think like no
I'm gonna get there man they better not
take my you know lower this state tax
okay I use it on this any more details
it was developed by us-based space
technology startup Orion span and it's a
fully modular Space Station and it will
host six people at a time including two
crew members for 12 day trips of space
travel it plans to welcome its first
guests in 2022
now you would have to go through a
training program in order to do this
because obviously the conditions in
space are a little different from the
conditions here on earth so you would be
doing 3 months of training and the 12
days will be spent in low orbit you'll
be about 200 miles above Earth's surface
and as Ilona mentioned the hotel will
orbit earth every 90 minutes which means
guests will see around 16
Rises and sunsets every 24 hours does
that mean that like that's why it's so
expensive is like a one night at the
hotel only last 90 minutes no well when
you bring it down that way I mean every
night might only be half a million
million dollars a person I guess yeah
yeah so if you want to go as a couple
buckle up so there's a lot that I love
here so they they are also gonna have
you grow your own food there I like the
pretense of science like oh I went up
there because I wanted to grow through
the backyard people they can afford it
have no interest in growing the United
States I'm gonna grow it you know in
space there's not a single person that
could pay ninety nine million dollars
for this that doesn't have a gardener
you think it would come with like a
continental breakfast at least millions
and then but my favorite part is so you
do a bunch of things like to make you
feel like you're actually doing
something real up there instead of you
know a vanity project but they give it
away at the end because when you land
they do a fake hero's welcome for you
lost me yet and if I had the money and I
wanted to light it on fire and all this
at the end of like getting here is
walking like I'm out like this like
that's so weird you just expose me for
the fraud that I am you would hate a
hero's welcome the beginning of a show
where you walk in and everybody has to
clap for you and there's a fight or no
work
when I land in Jamaica and everybody
goes nuts because I'm mr. Jamaica you
think of the clientele the target
clientele here that you want to be you
know applauded brush your shoulders off
word for doing what for paying ten
million dollars you do something
it sounds so boring oh well have you
ever gone to like a resort in the middle
of nowhere for like three days and
you're just like oh my god there's
nothing to do when I got married we're
like where are we gonna go on our
honeymoon I was like should we go to
like Bora Bora because that sounds fun
and people who'd been there like two
days and you're pulling your hair out
because there's nothing to do you're in
space good luck well that's what I meant
when I said I have no interest in this I
mean you look at that capsule and it
just they're not yeah exactly I'd want
to get off in 24 hours max you know I
couldn't spend more time on that they
pitch in putting their billion miles no
unless xanax works in space I can't do
it yeah it's so anxious obviously let's
call this what it is
Elysium and I've already got the movie
I'll give this idea away for free for
you guys they go up there and then earth
blows up oh and then you gotta figure
out a way to get to a new planet and
they actually have to grow their food
gonna go more like murder mystery you
know like you're stuck in this thing and
somebody just goes crazy and starts
killing oh my god that's good to get out
but in space or like a an alias these on
board and then plants things inside your
body what you just watched was one of
the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
