it's been seven months since hurricane
Harvey hit Houston Texas but the toxins
released when the storm hit are still
present I mean you're there they're
everywhere and they pose a huge health
problem for residents unfortunately this
is being covered up now people watching
this are gonna say well it's Houston
Texas you know they get what they
deserve the politics down there are
Bismil the regulators worked for the
Republican Party
the leadership with the Abbott and
various people have been in government
there Texas deserves it by god if
they're gonna be poisoned to death they
haven't done anything about protecting
themself legislatively that's not that's
not really a good argument because it's
not just Texas that's affected by all
this this affects the the Galveston Bay
Galveston bake affects the the Gulf of
Mexico you already have a huge dead zone
in the Gulf of Mexico what's your take
on this story this is one of the most
unreported yet most important stories to
come out of hurricane Harvey here
because you had 500 chemical plants in
the in Houston ten refineries most of
which flooded chemicals leaking out from
nearly every single one of these plants
cancer-causing chemicals by the way you
know dioxin benzene things like that
into this flood water that then moves
along so a few days before the storm you
actually had government Abbott he
announced that none of the companies if
you will not be liable in any way when
and if this hurricane destroys your
facilities and more importantly I'm
suspending all environmental monitoring
so we won't even know let me pick up
with that as a matter of fact the the
the monitoring that took place the US
Coast Guard there's a company called
Magellan midstream partners they were in
the refinery business and they said well
you know we had a little bit of a
problem we only lost 42,000 gallons of
gasoline directly into people's aquifer
for all practical purposes it's moving
into the groundwater it's moving in
aquifer and then they find out ah well
maybe we were wrong ap and the chronical
pick up no it wasn't it wasn't 42
thousand it was four hundred and sixty
thousand gallons of benzine toxins
running through the local groundwater
now again I tell you this there are
people watching this show and they say
well you know by God
Texas deserves it they they brought they
brought this on themselves because of
their backwoods politics it's not just
about Texas you see this this is this is
what so bothersome to me they there was
so much benzine release there's first of
all let me tell you benzene there's zero
question that means benzene causes
leukemia it's not maybe it does that it
could it does connection to benzene will
cause leukemia we know that they did
they have done at this point zero to
have any control over what happened with
the benzene if you're looking at the
story the benzene now is not just in
Texas it's in the Gulf of Mexico right
isn't that part of the problem it is
that's the biggest issue here is that
all of this happened as a result of the
flood waters so all of these chemicals
when we saw the pictures of the water
going over the interstate system that
water was contaminated with gasoline
with benzene with dioxin with all kinds
of chemicals that then they get spread
everywhere they go into people's yards
they go into people's homes half of what
doesn't get sucked up into the ground as
the water you know seeps into the ground
evaporates they recorded some of the
highest levels of air pollution
containing these same chemicals in the
you know week or so after the flood so
it's in the air it's in the water it's
in the ground it's everywhere for these
be fair let me answer one part the
people met me well there just say always
an act of God you know as a hurricane
they couldn't do anything about no there
is plenty of technology that prepares
for things just like this they've had
they've had to use this technology in
Asia for years because of things like
tsunamis the the truth is the technology
is there how do you protect a plant how
do you protect a Superfund site in other
words you've got Superfund sites that
were completely uncovered that had DDT
PCBs all types of
chances that are now in the environment
there in Texas but it's not just Texas
it's you can't you can't isolate Texas
and say that it doesn't have any
connection to the rest of the ecosystem
but the point is this they have
technology they don't want to spend the
money
it's called externalizing risks you see
they don't they don't want to they don't
want to spend the money so they
externalize the risk to taxpayers and
the people consumers that live around
them let them take all the risk we don't
want to worry about clean it up we don't
want to worry about spending extra money
to protect consumers isn't that kind of
what happening that is because when you
look at any of the fines that they could
have or any really even though the
lawsuits they could face that's still
going to end up being rolled up into the
cost of business they write those off on
their taxes if they get fined for clean
water or Clean Air Act violations they
write off losses from lawsuits exact
