Allisyn Hartson released a new
hard-hitting ad on Diane Feinstein let's
watch Diane Feinstein is worth 80
million dollars her husband is a
billionaire income inequality isn't the
problem for her it's the solution Diane
Feinstein voted for the Bush tax cuts
and to repeal the estate tax
Diane how many tax cuts are you going to
give yourself Dianne Feinstein is never
going to fix this problem because she is
the problem I'm going to represent you
not the wealthy elite
I'm Alison Hartson and I approve this
message because I'm going to get money
and Diane Feinstein out of politics so
if Diane Feinstein was mega rich but she
also was fighting for the people I
wouldn't care that she's mega rich in
fact I don't think any of you would care
that she's mega rich if she was also in
favor of policies that helped the people
but as Alison demonstrated there quite
clearly she's not she's not in favor of
policies that help the people and
putting aside economics for a second she
voted for the Iraq war strike one year
out that's that's my thinking when it
comes to the Iraq war you don't get to
vote for an offensive war that killed
minimum 200,000 civilians it was an
illegal war you don't get to support the
Patriot Act and NSA spying on innocent
people warrantless spying and then turn
around and pretend that you're this
liberal you're progressive and you know
you're you should be the Democratic
senator from one of the most progressive
states in the entire fucking country
that's utter nonsense guys sixty percent
of the American people want Medicare for
all over eighty percent of Democrats
want Medicare for all Dianne Feinstein
does not support Medicare for all and
she takes a tremendous amount of money
from Big Pharma and from for-profit
health insurance companies so she's not
for Medicare for all she voted for an
often illegal offensive war against a
country that didn't attack us that led
to minimum 200,000 civilians being
killed she's for NSA spying you saw
there she voted for the Bush tax cuts
the Bush tax cuts which overwhelmingly
went to the rich and there was a
question as to whether or not she was
going to support the Trump tax cuts now
in the end she didn't thank goodness but
the fact that we have to stop and think
about this and worry about this with the
Democratic senator from one of the most
democratic states in the country is
insanity
she's for repealing the estate tax and
that's the point is that she's mega rich
you think that that's not in her mind
when she cast that vote because the
estate tax is definitely gonna hit her
she has an estate so since it's gonna
hit her well we could just get rid of
that pesky thing and hope that nobody's
looking while I still pretend like I'm a
progressive and I'm a liberal
so listen she's not not only is she not
on the Left she's one of the most
conservative Democrats I mean she is
right next to Joe Manchin in terms of
her voting record and in terms of her
ideology she's deeply deeply corporatist
she's not fighting for working people so
listen this is a really important race
because it shows what kind of party the
Democratic Party is going to be moving
forward is the Democratic Party going to
become a social democratic party that's
willing to unapologetically stand up for
unionization and for Medicare for all
and free college and a living wage and
ending the wars or is this party gonna
be just hopelessly neoliberal centrist
corporate and war mongering so we really
have an opportunity in the California
primary to pave the way forward for the
future of the Democratic Party and I
don't want us to miss that opportunity
if she wins that is gonna be such a
gigantic victory and that will scare the
pants off of everybody in the Democratic
establishment in Washington so just keep
that in mind moving forward here and if
you live in California you should do
absolutely everything you can to try to
get Alison Hartson elected
