Caitlyn Jenner has received a good
amount of criticism over the past year
and a half plus for comments having to
do with working with Donald Trump on
issues having to do with the transgender
community when Donald Trump appears to
be basically as vigorously opposed that
community as most Republicans actually
are but now Caitlyn Jenner actually has
an op-ed in the Washington Post having
to do with this the experience that she
has had dealing with Donald Trump in his
administration I want to read just a few
quotes and we can respond Caitlyn said
following Trump's election as president
I saw fertile ground for change within
the Republican Party on LGBTQ issues
goes on to say that poll after poll
shows that Americans were becoming more
tolerant and liberal and his issues even
amongst the Republicans so it seemed
like maybe something can actually come
of that
Caitlyn says I believed I could work
within the party and the Trump
administration to shift the minds of
those who most needed shifting sadly I
was wrong the reality is that the trans
community is being relentlessly attacked
by this president believing that I could
work with Trump and his administration
to support our community was a mistake I
cannot support anyone who is working
against our community I do not support
Trump I must learn from my mistakes and
move forward that is just a very brief
version of the longer op-ed which you
can find at the Washington Post
it's literally like word-for-word what
trans activists had been saying to her
for the past two three years so I mean
yeah she's just kind of reciting what
people have been saying to her and I
think when I see this and I think about
this I think about the idea that it is
okay to care about people other than
yourself because people were saying this
to her over and over again and she was
defending this and what it really
amounted to was her saying all that
other stuff won't affect me even really
this she's like you know may not really
affect her and I think that's what a lot
of this is is that it's okay to ignore
the racism there's in a phobia it's okay
to ignore all of this until it hits your
front door like do you know yeah I'd
give Caitlyn a little bit more of a pass
having had some of these conversations
with her right after the election look
you know she's a wealthy white person
who saw a lot of has always been a
Republican
saw a lot of you know hope and a lot she
liked in some of the economic ideas
Republican though they're not that
Donald Trump was proposing and so
undoubtedly you know tax breaks for the
rich super happy like those sorts of
things and I actually take her at her
word I think she you know is her
identity and advocating for translates
for herself and for others she's very
serious and passionate about and I think
she believed that she could do that work
and she had this opportunity she had
this in wrote she had the iphone's cell
phone number and couldn't do this work
directly and you know what there were
there were reasons she would cite right
he said during the campaign famously
that Caitlyn Jenner could use the
women's room in one of his hotels now
what we know is that what you're gonna
do as a businessman is different than
what you're gonna do in governing and he
has shown over and over and over again a
complete despite how he tried to
campaign I talked to Trump voters who
said but he's not anti-gay listen to
that thing he said about Caitlyn Jenner
in the bathroom or he's not anti trans
or whatever and now he's proving he is
and now he's proven he is and I have to
say my kudos to Caitlyn Jenner because I
think when people make mistakes and are
big enough to admit it
and apologize and then then they should
be celebrated and embraced and forgiving
I don't think we do enough of that in
our country and especially in our
politics today and so I just I thought
that was a really I was a classy move
and the right thing to do I respect that
I have a hard time like giving like self
throwing parties for people who do the
bottom barrel like just at the very
bottom of just what should be the right
thing as a human and I think that
because this came to her front door now
it's like oh wait guys I'm wrong there
are people right now and it gives me
like chills like who are don't have
their babies their children yeah and so
and I just think um you know ok I know I
mean in this job yeah you know I'm just
it's it's it's simply a party for
Caitlyn yeah but you know look again I
think you know philosophically I don't
want people who voted for Trump in 2016
to vote
again in 2020 and what that's good
is being able to have conversations with
people and change their minds about
Trump and open their minds to other
candidates and it's gonna have to
involve people changing and so they may
not do it on the timeline I'd like or
the issues I like or the ways I'd like
and I'm not gonna compromise my values
in in that advocacy that right but when
people change I am here for it yeah it
just people always change when it
affects them so when it comes to their
front door of course people change just
people always change the problem is that
this wasn't gonna happen until it came
to her front door there's a lot of
things people oh god I mean that should
be well it should be our American creed
it never exactly has been there's lots
of issues where you know look if we look
at his trade policy if we look at you
know the tax cuts to the rich and the
slashes that he's about to propose that
he already has proposed for food stamps
and he's about to for Medicaid and
Medicare Social Security there are a lot
of diehard Trump supporters and that
affects them that hurts them but they
aren't seeing that because they are more
you know ginned up by the anti-immigrant
anti-muslim resentment stuff and so when
they get if they can get there I will
welcome them with open arms yeah
yeah I think whether we think a hundred
percent that it's a totally honest thing
and for my reading of it seems pretty
genuine okay we do have to be willing to
accept people like if like if a person
pokes their head up just a little bit to
say that they oppose Donald Trump I
don't think that the best strategy is to
Maul them correct because that leads to
more people not doing that and I would
like more people to do that on this
particular issue it seems it seems to me
and it has seemed to me as possibly the
least qualified person to actually talk
about any of the struggles of this
community or the activists on its behalf
but do it anyway I will anyway as a
white man I'll push through that don't
worry as a cynic it seemed like working
with Donald Trump I mean come on is that
really gonna work but at the same time
Donald Trump coming in is definitely bad
news for that community if you care
about that community they have all the
power now Donald Trump in the White
House's Supreme Court Texas cynic right
there folks
all I'm saying is I'm saying to have any
influence whatsoever
that is where you have to work because
we have given all power to Donald Trump
and so in the same way with with the
transgender community with family
separation we decided that we're gonna
give Donald Trump and people like him
all of the power to determine those
things which puts people in a terrible
position where they either like go to
sleep for two years or four years as
some people have chosen to do or you try
to influence where you can a group that
is perhaps least influenceable out of
anybody in politics in recent decades so
I certainly feel for Caitlyn Jenner in
that regard like you want to stick up
for your community and we've put you in
just about as bad a position as is
imaginable two easy ways for Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
