speaking of Wall Street campaign
donations so you're not taking any
corporate money all small dollars 6,000
individual donors 6,000 plus yeah we've
organized over 6,000 individual donors
and we just crapped crossed a major
threshold you're kind of getting a scoop
here cuz we were waiting for the FEC
deadline this is Friday or so but we
officially crossed a hundred thousand
dollars in campaign contributions and
our average contribution is around eight
or nine dollars a piece that's
unbelievable
so who you know I I doubt your opponent
has really any small dollar donations
barely any but his top donors you're
saying are big pharma and Wall Street he
doesn't support Medicare for all well
we've been since entering the race so
previously he didn't now that we've
entered this primary and since we've
entered this primary we have pressured
his co-sponsorship on Medicare for all
fight for 15 he suddenly moved you and
the Conyers bills to be keith Ellison
right he doesn't champion it though he
doesn't and I think that's really
important because right now where we're
at is that Democrats are in the minority
and when the Democrats are in the
minority anybody can co-sponsor anything
because it really has very little to no
chance of passing what actually matters
is what gets passed when we are in power
and even when we had a Democratic
president a Democratic Senate and House
we still didn't get the DREAM Act we
still didn't hold Wall Street
accountable we still didn't get
single-payer health care and a lot of
that has to do with the corporate
influence in the Democratic Party and
over the Democratic Party do you have
faith that in this new political climate
that that will you know spearhead a lot
of the changes that progressives and you
know working-class and middle-class
people want
i I think so and you know what we cast a
lot of blame upward because
a lot of our elected officials lack
political courage and we have a kind of
a crisis in that no one is acting
politically courageous in this era or in
the previous era but that all trickles
down because our voters we as voters
need to have the political courage to
say to even our own team as Democrats
you know what if you're not doing the
job I need to be courageous enough to
hold you accountable and vote for a new
democrat if you're not going to do the
things that I voted you in to do there's
so much double-talk around banking and
it's kind of like what you alluded to
earlier where where Democrats are not
going to win the big money game because
as frustrated as we can be with some of
our biggest big-money Democrats they
still won't be as cutthroat and bad as
the most brutal corporatist Republic
right which I hate the false equivalence
because one can be bad but what is awful
we're not calling these guys Republicans
we're just saying they're not good
enough they're really not and we're in a
crisis in this country and when we are
at this point the point that we're at we
cannot afford to have wishy-washy
Democrats in power I'm sorry I'm just
gonna say it because this whole idea
that a better deal and advocating that
getting 10% better when our situation is
sliding 50% worse is some kind of
acceptable solution is wrong these guys
out here in the Republican Party are on
a radical agenda to dismantle government
and here on the Left what is our current
centrist response
oh let's um let's uh
I don't know what's increased let's make
college just this much inexpensive
that's that's not the appropriate
response we need to have a bold
full-throated labor movement we need to
organize and immigrants in this country
we need to organize working-class
Americans in this country we need to
organize on a radical bold agenda that
people will actually want to get out of
their house vote knock on a door make a
phone call I don't think there was ever
really a fair post-mortem of the
election there was a lot of infighting
over the primary and tit-for-tat
and all of that stuff but if we don't
acknowledge the things that Trump did
right to win the election then we're
never going to learn oh my gosh how do
you just say Trump did something right
he did Democrats will acknowledge it but
the thing is is like and listen Russia
absolutely played a role in this
election I fully supportive and belief
and believe in the protection of Muller
in this investigation they absolutely
played a role but he didn't get to that
45% entirely from Russia we need to
acknowledge that in the Republican
primary Trump was the most liberal
candidate Trump ran on health care
Trump ran on infrastructure Trump ran on
jobs he was lying through his teeth the
entire interventionism and now he's john
bolton as his national sample he ran
against the TPP he was lying through his
teeth the entire time but he was talking
to working-class Americans
he was aggressively he was aggressively
targeting his resources in blue-collar
workers in the Rust Belt and winning
these folks over and I'm a member of the
Democratic Party I believe that the
heart of the Democratic Party is in
advocacy for working-class Americans but
that we we can't quit on that we can't
that doesn't mean that we don't campaign
in
in Wisconsin it doesn't mean that we
give up and again like if we if we just
stick our heads in the sand and don't
acknowledge the things that the
messaging that was effective for trunk
then we're never going to learn we're
never gonna win again if we don't
acknowledge that we have to be very bold
and aggressive in standing up to Wall
Street in standing up for working-class
Americans it's just not gonna happen
unless we had not do the difficult
band-aid rip of saying hey these are the
things he did better than we do
sometimes I think the Democratic Party
tries to relate to communities by just
putting someone that looks like them or
has the same a similar last name to
their you know community to kind of
gloss over actually representing them I
just was wondering what your thoughts
were on that and if you think it's a
real phenomenon that needs to be yeah
it's it's definitely a real phenomenon
and what's really difficult is that as
an activist for issues that do touch
certain ethnic communities it makes my
job harder because for example I
routinely stand with black lives matter
of Greater New York and I routinely meet
with immigrant rights organizations and
things like that and New York 14 does
have an authentic problem where our
community is 70% people of color and
we've never had a person of color
represent us in American history and
that is due to the traditional
disenfranchisement of African American
communities traditionally Latino
communities etc but when people talk
about identity politics there's a lot of
different comp concepts that get
conflated so what identity politics
traditionally has
and is running a brown person for a
brown person's sake you know just to say
vote for me because I am naughty not for
example but we do need authentic
representation of people who are
standing up for marginalized communities
working-class communities and
communities of color for a very very
very long time we did not have elected
officials speaking up on issues of
police brutality and it is a problem and
it is a part of gun violence in this
country I think that maybe New York City
is emblematic of a lot of the leeway
that the Democratic Party has been given
by some progressives and given itself in
terms of its institutions did you see
you know do you see the party changing
in terms of actually being a little bit
more for working people since we saw
this defeat in 2016 do you have optimism
about the Democratic Party I do I do and
the reason I have optimism about the
party is because I have optimism about
the people on the ground the organizers
and I have optimism and voters in this
country and that's the reason why I have
optimism about where our country is
going we now have major traditionally
super Wall Street funded candidates that
have even they had recently
worn off corporate PAC contributions
people like Cory Booker who's no
Gillibrand people who she's more
progressive right
Booker's known to be taking it Booker is
known to take tons of money from
pharmaceutical corporations and and it's
again it's not like people think that a
primary means you have to malign and
like roll in the mud and I don't think
that that's what a primary is it's a a
primary is an opportunity for
conversation and if we go for example in
New York 15 if we go 15 years without a
conversation about the direction of our
representation then that direction goes
awry and civic engagement has just
become you know so much more at the
forefront of people's minds in 2018 I
was just at the the March for our lives
in Washington DC and there were people
walking around signing up people to
register for to vote and do you think
that 2018 we could see the house flip I
know that it would still be blue for you
if you were to win but do you see those
tea leaves kind of going in the
Democrats favor I think so it's going to
take a lot because our country is very
heavily gerrymandered but hey I once
heard of an analyst or there was a quote
from an analyst
that said what would it take for
Democrats to win back the Senate in 2018
and the quote was or live where with
those seats come from and it was Arizona
Nevada and
or something like that and Doug Jones
was our act of God in a way there's no
way anyone would think a Democrat would
be elected senator from the state of
Alabama but and so I think that that
some of those surprises are possible
Pennsylvania the recent gerrymandering
ruling that forced the redrawing of
these districts I think has has provided
an additional advantage to doing that so
I certainly think it's possible and if
the country is gonna get bluer in swing
states then it should get bluer in blue
states too so New York has a history of
some really shady politics when it comes
to the Democratic primary we we know
this from Bernie Sanders's primary
against Hillary Clinton
can you talk about some of the polling
stations being closed in your area so
it's it's really something else here in
New York the Attorney General General
Eric Schneiderman he actually filed a
case against the Board of Elections for
gross negligence and the New York Board
of Elections admitted to purging over
200,000 voters in the 2016 primary and
what they found in the Queens County
Board of Elections and specific the
Queen's County Board of Elections used
ancestry.com as the basis for deleting
voter rolls where we'd seen it again the
board of a leg this was in the briefing
the Queen's County Board of Elections
used ancestry.com Oh
just a random website to justify
clearing out the voter rolls and this is
this is what they did in part of of
purging voters and this is how they
clean their motor oils by using some
random private website so this is how
little the oversight the Democratic
Party has in the state that they can
just use like what I bought when I was
19 to see you know how Finnish am i
spoiler alert really finished um yeah
that's unbelievable yeah yeah
the other big thing that happens too is
that a lot of people don't know that the
Board of Elections is politicized you
have elected officials appointing people
to head up and manage the Board of
Elections and so what we have going on
right now is that there was just a brief
filed to move a critical polling
location in Queens out of a strong
african-american community that doesn't
always vote with the establishment and
the only election that's coming up in
Queens County right now is mine so oh it
is not unheard of and and this happens
pretty often it happens all over the
city - it happens in the Bronx it
happens in Queens where these
last-minute polling locations they'll
try to move them they'll move them back
a lot of the times it's to dissuade
voters it's to discourage them and it's
to confuse people
you
