New York 14 is the source of a lot of
the workers in New York City service
economy so you know Wooper drivers are
all over the city but where do they live
they live here they live in areas like
Parkchester they live in places more up
to state more up to up north in the city
up on the outer boroughs this is where
they live this is where waitresses live
this is where cleaners live this is a
working-class community and we need to
have representation that advocates us
fiercely for working-class people as
possible from this seat yeah and that's
what you're running your campaign on so
talk about your new New Deal don't want
it new to the second power I guess yeah
and how that would affect this this area
that's the service industry working
classes mm-hmm working class industry
but working class all here yeah
absolutely so in order for our economy
to really evolve and move forward we
need to make strategic investments in
transforming our economy in creating
higher skilled jobs but also solid
dignified blue-collar jobs as well and
so the way that we do that while also
meeting the grave challenge of climate
change
is that we have to invest in changing to
a renewable energy economy in 15 years
and you know some some people say 2050
but we actually think that and when we
look at these numbers we see that it's
possible on a shorter timeline and in
order for our generation to survive life
as we know it and maintain a sense of
normalcy we need to switch to renewable
energy as quickly as possible and that
includes things like infrastructure
investments like putting solar panels
and garden roofs all over the city
including in this neighborhood in
training people in the capacities to do
that and also
and also a lot of the other retrofitting
that's required in our energy sources in
our buildings and our in order to
transition over our economy so there are
a lot of jobs up and down because then
you also need engineers and the climate
scientists and you need the folks that
are going to be out actually able to lay
the bricks and get it done so it's a
it's really a jobs bill but also we have
a suite of legislation that will bring
jobs to the district including Medicare
for all right because Medicare for all
is is a jobs bill as well
yes um but just to talk a little bit
more about your climate change point we
constantly hear from the right and some
in the center that renewable energy and
creating those jobs you know it's not
economically viable mm-hmm
but those are always the same people
taking the money from the industries
where they're incentivized to say that
so it's not about economic growth when
you hear that talking going it's really
about preserving the already existing
power structures and already existing
economies that doesn't necessarily help
a district like this and doesn't
actually help grow the economy just
perpetuating the already existing
structure so I think that's a very yeah
yeah and when people talk about things
not being economically viable they're
thinking about short-term returns
exactly they're not thinking about elves
right they're not thinking about the
long term economy and frankly businesses
and special interests are not
incentivized in any way to think about
the long term they're only incentivized
to think about the short term what's
going to give me a profit in q1 or q2
which often are these band-aid solutions
but it's our job as citizens and members
of government to think about the long
term and to think about how we're not
only going to survive but thrive seven
generations on from now and I think that
this community is really emblematic of
the kind of economy that we're trying to
advocate for on a national level from my
campaign so all these workers here are
unionized everyone from the folks doing
construction up there to our
groundskeepers are our members of a
union and they
have dignified wages my own family our
ground groundskeepers here so my uncles
and my cousins
yeah they've and they've been working
here because their job offers some
dignity in terms of their wages because
they have health care because they are
paid enough to really live they lived
they have lived here for decades they
raise children here and they have really
been able to lead a productive life and
it's not a lot that it takes it's not
like we're asking for the whole world
here yeah we're asking for a wage that
allows you to pay your rent feed your
kids and sock away a bit of it so for
the future for whatever it is that you
make that that may be for you and and
it's really not that much but people
want to act like we're asking for the
world yeah no they do because there's so
much power and powerful interests
against that and they just warp the
conversation mm-hmm all we're really
talking about is giving people a living
wage and they make things that they're
very possible sound impossible and
that's what's the most frustrating thing
for me about the debate because a lot of
the people who are experiencing college
debt are younger and not yet in power I
mean you're in your 20s so you you can
relate to this the college debt issue
isn't being talked about save you know
Bernie Sanders and really Elizabeth
Warren I'll give her a ton of credit
because even before 2016 and when you
know these issues were brought to light
by senator Sanders she had been on the
warpath about about the college and the
interest rates when people were taking
loans from the government etc New York
has a decent system with CUNY what what
do you want to propose on the national
level and and how would it be different
from from the cities the cities uh
college plans so in terms of college I'm
not gonna stop until we have tuition
free public institutions for everyone
that means if a single mom wants to go
back to school and get her degree she
should be able to do that
means that if a working student that in
a working class student that needs to
work a job while they get their way
through school meets needs to get a
degree we need to help them do that
New York is good but we're not great on
this issue we're certainly at the
forefront of of working on I'm debt free
college but right now the New York State
we have something known as the Excelsior
scholarship or any Sanders came out for
it is it was good when it came out but
it's largely targeted towards upwardly
mobile students who don't need to work
while they're in college so if you're it
doesn't cover you if you're a part-time
student which working students have to
be part-time
doesn't cover you if you're a part-time
student doesn't cover you for any
postgraduate education and as our
economy evolves we need to be making
investments so that people can be high
skilled without encountering all of
these barriers to entry this is not just
about four-year liberal arts education
either this is about vocational
schooling this is about apprenticeships
because there are certain jobs that are
gonna be offshore but that's because
American manufacturing needs to be
sophisticated so we shouldn't be our
manufacturers and the people in the
labor movement here we need to be
working on assembling some of the higher
tech next-generation materials whether
it's building materials whether it's
vehicles whether it's energy sources
that's the manufacturing that needs to
be happening in America and then as it
is further commoditized then sometimes
those that those styles of manufacturing
get offshore and it's it's a difficult
reality but really where I see the
future of manufacturing being is a is a
constant learning environment where
we're constantly learning how to
manufacture new innovative goods the
NYPD has had a ton of history with stop
and frisk and racist policies what would
you bring to this district in terms of
trying to address the policing in this
in the city another thing too is that
Rikers prison is in my district and so
there was a huge topic as well yeah and
we need there's a wide range of issues
and one of the things that I'm very
proud of in this campaign is that we
meet with organizers and we hand over
the keys in our policy so we meet with
labor organizers and we say what needs
to be done you you write and we'll work
with you
and so in meeting with criminal justice
advocates and sitting down with black
lives matter in New York one of the
things that we are asked to advocate for
is to demand an independent prosecutor
any time a person dies in an altercation
with a police officer
because one of the big problems that we
have is that these basically this system
is investigating itself and when you
have precincts when you have AG's when
you have people who are investigating
their own system for wrongdoing it's
unsurprising that we that no charges
will be will be presented any of the
Tauri would never ever allow that for
any other if she would never allow Wall
Street to investigate itself we would
never allow fossil fuel corporations to
investigate themselves for dumping and
even on a municipal level
we don't allow the accused to
investigate itself and so it is there's
a the reason this is kind of
traditionally been an exemption is
because it's we need that we need due
process to be used to investigate an
issue in our in our criminal justice
system about 70 to 80 percent of people
kept in Rikers prison aren't there
because they can't afford jail they
can't afford bail rather and
you have to be when you look at the
crimes that land someone in Rikers there
a lot of the times they're not violent
crimes people get thrown in Rikers if
they jump a MetroCard turnstile and if
someone is caught jumping a turnstile
and they don't have the the fee to swipe
their MetroCard and then they don't have
the money to pay bail they get thrown
into Rikers but that doesn't happen in
almost any other situation if you don't
have any money left on your EasyPass you
don't get thrown into Rikers if you
don't have you know the if you don't
have if your car runs were runs out of
gas in the side of the road you don't
get thrown into Rikers and that's a lot
of Sciences kind of decision-making as
the district attorney I don't understand
that there's a huge problem with cash
bail and money bail and there's a lot of
different legislative issues that we
need to address but at the end of the
day it's the fact that we aspire to
incarcerate so many people in this
country there's a lot of incentivizing
that goes on about being overly punitive
in our criminal justice system by
throwing people in jail for crimes that
don't deserve that kind of treatment is
a is part of our system and it's part of
why we incarcerate so many people in
this country
you
