all right back on rebel headquarters we
have a wonderfully unique debate for you
guys tonight
debating will be to justice Democrats
against each other already interesting
one is Allison Hartson and she's in the
studio the other is Deidre Abood now
she's on skype
hey Deidre how you doing hi yeah we're
doing great how about you good good I
hope you're not too nervous about the
debate now why are they debating each
other because Alison is running against
Dianne Feinstein and Deidre is running
against Kyrsten Sinema here's the
cinemas in Arizona and Deidre is a
Senate candidate as a cinema and in here
in California Alison's a Senate
candidate against Feinstein and the
tonight's topic is whose opponent is
more conservative and this is title
fight okay because they're both deeply
conservative as you're about to find out
so a DJ you're gonna go second I want to
get Allison here to do our opening
statement first tell us about yourself
and Dianne Feinstein and set the table
Dianne Feinstein is the epitome there's
my camera Dianne Feinstein is the
epitome of the kind of politician and
corruption that we are absolutely fed up
with she does whatever is in her best
interest and her best interest is served
by corporations and the wealthy elite
because that is what she is I can give
you just one example I'm sure we'll go
through many during this debate but one
example would be that in 1984 when she
was mayor she decided to put up the
confederate flag
in order to appease the Dixiecrats who
were coming into town because she was
running to be the vice president and
when some black activists rightfully did
not like it and took down the flag
she moved forward to prosecute them she
only backed off from prosecuting that
person when the people protested enough
why on earth would you have to protest
something like
especially in California then when all
of the political fervor around it died
down she went and put the Confederate
flag back up so Dianne Feinstein is a
political mastermind and that is why I
am here running and challenging her so
you want me to say now Who I am okay
so my name is Allison Hudson I am a
former high school teacher most recently
I was a national director of a political
organization whose sole mission is to
get an amendment to the United States
Constitution to end corruption in our
government to essentially be able to
abolish what Dianne Feinstein is about
that's what I've done for the last five
years
got led the charge to get measures
passed through California five states in
total so far we have state teams in
almost all 50 states and during my time
as a high school teacher I taught senior
English and I also designed and taught
an intervention program for students who
are at risk of not graduating high
school in a low-income district serving
predominantly first and
second-generation students from Mexico
all right good opening statement you did
not go over the time limit and I will be
an impartial moderator here and I will
enforce time limits is very serious
Diderot boot now tell us about your
opponent Kyrsten Sinema
and yourself I'm Deidre Boone I'm
running for US Senate in Arizona
I've been running since April of 2017
for flake seat we did not know that
flake was not going to rerun for this
seat until November and I'm assuming
that my opponent also heard a rumor that
that was going to happen and that's why
she chose this race just before he
announced that he wouldn't rerun I'm
gonna have to say that at least Dianne
Feinstein's been consistent because my
opponent has first run as a green first
run considerably progressive
really told people that she was going to
represent their values based on
progressive value was a very big
advocate of progressive values and in
the last few years particularly when she
got into Congress she has completely
gone to the other side of not even
progressive at all completely sane and
proud that she's a moderate although the
only people reaching across the aisle
seem to be the Democrats which is not in
in our favor because we keep losing out
to corporations and special interests
and my opponent also you know voted for
so many the Cates law which is basically
supporting private prisons and she
actually the Arizona Republic reported
that she has more PAC and special
special interest money than the
Republican opponent and that's just this
year and last year so it's my opponent I
think is more of a chameleon than a
actual conservative which might be more
concerning all right indeed you're just
a little bit about yourself other than
I'm an attorney I've been a social
justice advocate for fifteen years in
Arizona originally from Arkansas moved
to Arizona in 98 fell in love with the
state fell in love with my husband been
fighting for you know the people all
this time and decided that I wanted to
run for this office because there's lots
of conversations we need to have about
where we're going as a country who we
are and also I don't think that things
like Medicare for all is a progressive
issue I think it's a moderate issue
because people don't want to die okay
sounds good
all right I already like this debate I'm
already torn in fact I'm thinking of
doing a poll at the end we add a little
bit of extra pressure to you guys on who
won so let's go to the different topics
here let's start out nice and broad
Allison we'll start with you foreign
policy well tell us about Dianne
Feinstein's positions on foreign policy
and then Deidre will tell us of a set of
US positions and we'll find out who's
more conservative so Dianne Feinstein
voted for the Iraq war
and she was one of few Democrats
actually who did so in addition to that
right during the Iraq war she awarded
contracts defense contracts to her
husband where they have made millions of
dollars off of the lives that have been
sacrificed during the Iraq war and all
of the awards that all of the wars that
have broken out since then in addition
to that as a result of this conflict of
interest she was kicked off of a
committee that she was on in the Senate
because of this decision of hers Wow
what do you mean she was kicked off of a
committee she had to be removed from
this committee they had her step down
from the committee because of this
conflict of interest okay all right well
that's a tough one to beat when your
husband's a defense contractor and you
voted for that war and then you gave him
a contract okay so yeah let's see how
cinema does here Deidre go ahead my
opponent was not in Congress when the
Iraq war broke out she was instead on
the ground with me at the anti-war
protest speaking against it and
organizing all of the rallies against
the the war against Iraq she voted
against Iran and the disarmament and has
spoken out against that many times she
also voted for more scrutiny for
Refugees which is already the most
scrutinized immigrants that come to the
United States okay all right a
compelling case I got you
let's move on a healthcare Deidre let's
start with you what cinema's positions
on health care she wants to fix the ACA
and never talks about health care for
all or Medicare for all
she believes that well basically we
don't know what she believes because the
only thing that she says is that she we
should fix the ACA okay so not for
Medicare for all nebula fix the ACA all
right Allison what's fine size position
well Feinstein actually has talked about
Medicare for all and she copy/paste SREP
ublic intok
mentioned at a town hall just last year
about how it's a government takeover and
so therefore she can't quite get on
board just yet a government take
yeah of health care which is exactly
what you'll hear Fox News talking about
okay interesting
all right well this is giving you a
sense of where these candidates stand
and of course by the way these are both
the pics of the Democratic establishment
to represent progressives okay let's
stay with you Allison let's go to money
in politics that's your favorite issue
how is Feinstein in that category
well her top contributors include
defense contractors it includes
pharmaceutical companies real the real
estate industry but one gem I really
want to point out is that there is a
political action committee that gives
money to gives money in the tunes of
tens of thousands of dollars that it
adds up to hundreds of thousands their
top two recipients and they spread it
out
mostly amongst Republicans also
Democrats their top two recipients are a
Republican Committee and Dianne
Feinstein now in addition to that their
top six candidates or or I should say
representatives that they contribute to
their top six the five of them are
Republicans and Diane's the only
Democrat in addition to that even more
exciting to learn is that they have
given her in just this period alone over
$40,000 the next level down for the top
Republican they've given to ten thousand
eight hundred so they've given Dianne
Feinstein about four times more and then
next a Republican Committee okay all
right I hear you that doesn't sound
particularly a good record all right
let's go to cinemas record is she
fighting to get money out of politics
not at all she claims to or actually she
does have five million dollars that I
think anybody with five million dollars
should be able to be the first one to
say that they're not going to take
special interest PAC or corporate money
but she's not instead her biggest
contributors for
or pack and special interest money is
the Secretary's and investment and the
insurance and financial industries
that's four hundred thousand and seventy
six hundred thousand or seventy six
thousand since just this year 2018 she
also had a meeting with the Chamber of
Commerce which was reported in the New
Times where she assured the Chamber of
Commerce that she was standing behind
the banks and she was going to really
work on deregulation particularly the
dodd-frank s-- and the sarbanes-oxley to
make them not work as hard against the
banks oh no you don't want to work that
hard against banks know if you're a
Democrat you look you just make sure the
banks are comfortable okay alright now
it does not seem like a good record for
either one of them by the way it is kind
of hard to decide all right so let's
stay with you Deidre
how about supporting Trump so it's kind
of a broader category
how does cinema do this she is she part
of the resistance fighting Trump
she has been quoted as saying something
very much along the lines up Trump is
not an issue in Arizona okay all right
interesting do you know what her voting
record is with Trump I believe it's like
56% with Trump with Trump with drop a
little bit wait you're in a Democratic
primary right we are you're in a
Democratic primary okay I just wanted to
be clear okay all right that confusions
real okay all right well Allison Arsen
that's gonna be tough to beat Feinstein
on Trump she has said that we need to
give him time to be a good president
that we just need to be patient with him
he'll come around and has voted for
quite a few of his nominees okay Oh a
little bit of resistance but enough
resistance that keep an open mind I mean
you know later we might not resist okay
of course depending on who's in the
majority right now that they're in the
minority a little bit
sure alright anyway I'm a neutral
moderator at least neutral between you
guys so let's go to education another
one of your favorites Alison so Dianne
Feinstein anything on education you know
not really anything on education
actually she hasn't done anything to
champion moving forward on college for
all and making sure that we addressed a
the massive student debt that has been
accruing over the last several decades
while she's been in office and in fact
one of her top contributors is the
university system and as a result we
don't see her taking any action oh so
she's not for college for all but she
has eighty million and her husband as a
billion right as far as we know right so
they would they need college for all for
their kids and grandkids right exactly
yeah they would yeah no I think that I
think they're good okay yeah sure all
right
Detra boot how about cinema she was once
a progressive cause for all a quality of
opportunity for all folks in Arizona or
now we're going to say we don't know
because if you look at her US Senate
website it has no information other than
she's a nice person and if you go to her
congressional website then it's very
little information mainly what she has
done rather than what she wants to do
and definitely anything that is across
the board like Medicare for all and
university education for all it doesn't
fit into that even though by the way
Arizona Constitution actually says that
higher education has to be to as close
to free as possible mm-hmm okay
Constitution who's gonna read that okay
I'm gonna stay with you how about the
wall Deidre any comments about fighting
the wall from Kyrsten Sinema
she has not supported the wall and I
know that in private meetings where you
pay $50 to have coffee with her that she
basically says she's opposed to the wall
but she's also voted for a couple of
bills that included wall funding so she
says she's against it privately but she
doesn't really talk about it publicly
other than she has made a couple of
comments that instead of having a wall
we could have some technology okay if
you vote to fund a wall I Got News for
you you're for the wall okay
Allison how about Feinstein on the wall
well Feinstein has just been terrible on
immigration all around there is you know
relatively recently she has talked about
how immigrant she is aligned immigrants
our or undocumented Americans with being
criminals sound familiar right that's
exactly what Trump is doing in order to
convince people that we need this this
wall this racist wall so she hasn't
taken a stance on that she did not stand
up for daca recipient recipients
specifically in this last year all the
way up to December and then all of a
sudden decided to switch her vote and
act like she's standing up and fighting
for our undocumented children in January
as soon as this race she was starting to
feel some heat in 2018 so let's pick up
the pace a little bit
Allison was say with you death penalty
death penalty she supports the death
penalty
she just supports it yeah yeah she's
actually well she has fought to have
people prosecuted and and move forward
with the death penalty to execute yeah
you're in a Democratic primary right
okay so I'm clear alright Deidre I don't
know a cure cinemas position on that
publicly she's opposed to it but we
don't know for sure because there's
never been a vote that she's
participated and that really solidifies
that position
I guess although I will I do want to
point out that she recently did a social
media meme posts that targeted the
Latino community that said in Spanish
that she supported law enforcement so
much yeah little tone deaf
okay she bothered to do it in Spanish
just to rub it in a little bit okay all
right well that seems clear
all right how about privacy rights and
civil rights overall did your list stay
with you
she actually in 2015 voted against
protecting net neutrality and she
whenever she has been asked about how
she feels on some of these privacy
issues she has pointed out that she's
going after Equifax and their inability
to control the information and secure
the information that has been penetrated
and potentially hurt people but we
haven't seen any real traction just
basically that's used as a pivot to get
away from the financial industry
questions I'm not kidding I really am
going back and forth on who's more
conservative we're gonna do the poll
okay we'll put it up after this video so
you couldn't vote on I will put the link
down below tea white tea network.com
slash debate okay who is who's won the
debate who's more conservative but we're
not done yet
and we'll also of course have links for
Alice's campaign and Deidre's campaign
down below to always click on the links
below all right Allison privacy rights
Dianne Feinstein has voted for the
Patriot Act every single time except for
when the it was being done to her and
it's really important to know that when
she when it was being done to her and
Congress in general she fought like
crazy against it you can find this
online she knows how to fight into
champion legislation and policy when she
wants to what it serves her when the
intelligence community's spying in on
the Senate she fought but on the Patriot
Act when spying on us voted for it every
single time every single time it's come
up okay I thought cinema had had her
beat on that one but I don't know I
don't know again alright last one guys
criminal justice reform deidre what's
cinemas position if any on that well I
would say that technically she wants
criminal justice reform as she should
because she used to work in immigration
as particularly in criminal immigration
so that seems like it would be a great
thing except that she has received a lot
of PAC money from
private prisons from that industry and
she voted for Kate's law which is
nothing but enhanced sentencing for
people who are undocumented so someone
who would normally be convicted of a
crime and spend three months to three
years in jail now gets to spend ten to
fifteen years in jail at our expense
before they're deported taking money
from private prisons over to you Alice
Dianne Feinstein also takes money from
private prisons but she has also led the
charge against legalizing marijuana as
recently as 2010 and we know how that
contributes to our exploding prison
population and how that has particularly
targeted our communities of color since
Jim Crow going back to the 60s so she's
she is very conservative on that as well
but to be fair she's from California
California didn't legalize medical or
recreational marijuana today but they
did and but their representative their
big senator is not in favor of what the
people of California well no she's not
but she gets to do what she wants
because she's the queen of ice yeah okay
I just want to be clear all right all
right let's go to closing statements
so Deidre Europe first give us your
conclusion I remember a lot on the line
here people gonna vote TYT Network Tom
sipes debate okay who's mark assertive
Kyrsten Sinema or Dianne Feinstein so
closing statements on why cinema is more
conservative she's more conservative
because she wasn't conservative and now
she's conservative so that's more of a
chameleon and I think that that's more
concerning because we should be able to
trust what comes out of the mouths of
the people who are saying they want to
represent us and my opponent is
deliberately avoiding all democratic
forums in Arizona and only having
private meetings and private coffees and
fundraising around that without meeting
with the normal people so I would say
her and all of her messaging is
targeting the conserved
arizonans she's not speaking to the base
at all she's either taking them for
granted or doesn't care if she gets
their vote or not so that's pretty
conservative pretty chameleons pretty
concerning we would like her to get back
into the boat of the Democratic Party
and be a champion for the Democratic
Party and for what's better for our
state and country instead of what's
better for her to continue to ratchet up
in her career moves all right Alison
Hartson closing statements Deidre I
really like you but I have to say that
Dianne Feinstein also is a chameleon she
also does exactly what she needs to
maintain her power to maintain her money
to maintain her wealth and to maintain
her control over all of us and she
benefits from these decisions and she is
willing to say and do whatever she
thinks is going to work and she I am
convinced thinks we are dumb enough to
buy it I could go on right now on and on
about number of examples but I will just
leave you with this at least you live in
Arizona it's a purple state California
is arguably one of the most liberal
states or the most liberal state in the
entire country and we have a Republican
serving as our senator she has to be
awarded the supreme queen of the
corporate Democrats damn okay so this
has been a fun debate I want to show you
guys the links for both Alison Hartson
and Deidre boot make sure that you guys
are participating if you would like
progressives as your representatives
rather than people who serve
corporations go to Alison arson comm or
Jay Dems taught us slash Alison there's
lots of ways to get involved and at the
volunteer link is Alison arson comm
slash now and that'll be all down below
in the description box on YouTube and
comment section on Facebook and Deidre's
web site is Deidre 2018 dot-com and you
see the donation and volunteer links
there as well
I get in the fight fight for the people
who are gonna represent you and and if
you didn't know now you know
these two Democrats that they are
running against are Democrats in name
only
they are incredibly weirdly conservative
and and I know that Washington thinks I
should be rewarded my guess is that
progressive voters think otherwise
and finally the link will be below I'm
not kidding tea white tea network.com
slash debate who is more conservative
Dianne Feinstein or Kyrsten Sinema you
guys both did an outstanding job and to
be fair you all had a lot of material to
work with are you going to vote jank I
will vote I haven't made up my mind yet
there were a couple of devastating facts
and we didn't even get to the tax cuts
and your devastating ad that you put out
yesterday yeah Oh check out the ads go
to my facebook or my Twitter all right
we'll put the link down below check out
Alice's hard hitting out against
Feinstein all right Thank You Deidre
food we really appreciate it Thank You
Allison I hope if you in DC Deidre yes
let's get there nice to meet you
you too alright thank you for watching
us
you
