the nature magazine just came out with
its top ten progressive candidates but
they're keeping an eye on in the
midterms and there's a lot of folks that
have been on rebel headquarters like
Dennis Kucinich better or ork wonderful
progressives I'm glad that they're
featuring them and I'm gonna put a link
down below to the article from the
nation but I was especially proud that
number one on their list was Ben Jealous
Ben Jealous is running for governor in
Maryland he's also been on the program
he was a huge bernie sanders ally former
head of the n-double a-c-p
wonderful progressive we'll put the
links for how to help Ben Jealous down
below in the description box on youtube
comment section on Facebook as well but
I want to read you two parts of the
nation first they explained and and guys
these progressives a lot of them are
going to win they're going to win you
got to get involved in these campaigns
they explain as new polling by Selinda
Lake for the Congressional Progressive
Caucus reveals proposals for Medicare
for all and for a crackdown on Wall
Street quote make voters more likely to
support Democrats going bold on these if
on those issues doesn't just secure the
base it excites swing voters far more
than tepid centrism it's not that the
progressives have the burden of being
more progressive and they're weighed
down by that and have a lower percentage
chance of winning but wouldn't it be
great if they won no their progressive
positions make them more likely to win
independence also want health care so go
support guys like Ben Jealous and let me
give you the quote that they had about
him they said Ben Jealous
Maryland gubernatorial candidate the
prospect that a crusading champion of
voting rights in criminal justice reform
who served as the youngest ever leader
of the n-double a-c-p and director of
the u.s. human rights program and
Amnesty International could become the
governor of Maryland offers a sense of
what's possible in 2018 all of this is
possible but you gotta participate so
here's the links to Ben Jealous
campaign so that you can participate
especially if you're in Maryland
volunteer forum go check out his website
see his positions they are deeply
progressive and let's get real reform in
Maryland criminal justice reform
health care reform economic justice you
name it and of course make sure that
you're donating so that we can defeat
the big corporate bucks that go up
against these progressive candidates get
in the fight
