I just wanted to call out for volunteers
if you don't know volunteers are the
life line for real progressive campaigns
but also for a Wolf Pack
but I also want to get you guys involved
in unique different ways
wolf packs doing a great job of this but
I want to do it at TYT and rebel
headquarters as well so for example the
other day someone tweeted in you know
these just Democrats they're kind of
like our Avengers you know you got
mighty Mary Wilson you have giant slayer
Rick Trevino you have the Liberty Bell
that's Adrian bail out of Texas and I
sometimes I'll call Alison hearts in
general hearts in and the list goes on
and on right and they are they are our
heroes in a sense they're not taking any
corporate PAC money a lot of them are
not taking any salaries there it's
unbelievable to stuff they're going
through but anyway for you guys for the
creative folks out there I thought what
wouldn't it be cool if there were for
example people who drew cartoons of them
and made them into actual comic book
kind of characters now I don't know how
to do that but if you guys can help do
that that'd be amazing so if you're
interested in that or in other ways that
you can help email us at rebel HQ at TYT
Network comm let's rebel HQ at TYT
Network comm we also take suggestions on
guests and topics at that email as well
but in this case I want you guys and if
you want to just start doing it and and
make you know if you've seen the
interviews with the Liberty Bell and
mighty Mary Wilson etc and you want to
just make them and send them great and
will of course give you credit for your
work and otherwise just email us and let
us know and we'd love to just check it
out I'm not saying we're gonna use it of
course you have to take a look at it but
I just wanted to make sure that we were
all participating so thank you for doing
that and if you want to help the
candidates I mean you know the one that
I've been talking about the most she
just said of devestating out against
Diane Feinstein that's Allison Hartson
and and what we're trying to do is get
2,000 volunteers for our campaign partly
of course to help Alison as our real
progressive against a deeply
conservative Diane Feinstein but also to
prove that volunteers can beat corporate
money and I guarantee you that if you're
part of that victory you will feel
amazing that you will have made that
happen
and you will have to be defeated
corporate Goliath so Alison Hart
send.com slash now to go volunteer will
have all these links below of course as
always but just click on Allison arts
and comm slash now to become a volunteer
get if we get to 2,000 volunteers we're
gonna beat them and and we're gonna
prove that there's a different way they
you could actually engage and excite the
voters and and reclaim our democracy and
finally for the guys who started this
volunteer movement in a lot of ways
33,000 volunteers have gone through wolf
pack wolf dash pack.com slash States and
it's States because you got to pick your
state and then you become a volunteer
and a lot of people start as volunteers
and moved on up and eventually got hired
look eventually guys for these
progressive campaigns we need field
directors we need campaign managers we
need communications people and a way to
do that is you go volunteers on those
campaigns or your volunteer at Wolf Pack
and next thing you know you move up in
fact you know who was a volunteer at
Wolf Pack Alison Hartson and now she's a
progressive standard candidate who out
raised Diane Feinstein and and the
another guy in the race combined in the
last quarter with small donors and she's
got fourteen fourteen hundred volunteers
now so you could be like Alison as well
let's get in the game
whichever want group you're most
animated by join now and I and I want to
have you guys participate in in rebel
headquarters as much as possible as well
so thank you
