what's up everyone we have some exciting
news we have an opportunity to win
webbie's this is like the Oscars of
online content and we're super excited
about it but we can't win anything
without you guys voting for us you guys
so let's get down to the details what
are the categories to vote for the Young
Turks for news and politics series all
you have to do is go to TYT Network comm
slash tyt webby TYT Network comm slash
tyt webby super easy all you need to do
is go to that link and you can vote for
us also there's another upward
opportunity for the breakdown and that
category is social news and information
and if you'd like to vote for that which
please do go to tea white tea
network.com slash breakdown webby yes so
we really appreciate you guys doing this
the only reason we win this obviously is
because you guys vote and and and I love
that you guys represent so for some
sometimes it'll be competition that we
don't love there are other good guys in
the race as well but being able to win
it shows the strength of our audience
which is always too strong and no it is
not actually voter fraud and Kris Kobach
and Donald Trump will not chase you
they're not coming for us we're coming
for them
so vote every day on till April 19th go
to those and it's super easy just click
on the links below and it'll take your
website you vote and if you keep on
doing that we win and we really
appreciate it of course Young Turks
winning in news and politics series is
fantastic that means we're the top news
and politics series in the whole
internet that's pretty neat and the
breakdown has so many of our wonderful
hosts on there please check that out and
please vote forward to let's go win
