a new investigative report from the
Center for Responsive Politics has found
that Robert Mercer had actually spent
quite a bit of money on a specific firm
that pushed out anti-muslim
fear-mongering advertisements on social
media that were targeted to certain
voters that would respond and react to
them now according to the report
Robert Mercer pumped two million dollars
into this conservative nonprofit group
known as secure America now that use
Facebook and Google to target
anti-muslim ads towards certain voters
in swing states in 2016 the ads three
and all mimic travel advertisements
intended to stoke fears of Muslim
influence in France Germany and the
United States however Robert Mercer was
not the only wealthy donor that gave a
considerable amount of money to secure
America now in order to push these ads
out the other donors include Estee
Lauder heir Ronald Lauder who gave 1.1
million dollars so Estee Lauder ain't
with it anymore or I never was it's a
little too expensive for me but moving
on yeah
and others by the way as well as
nebulous group called 45 committee they
have secret money they pumped in two
million dollars I mean this our system
is insane we can't even know who paid
two million dollars to run ads stoking
hatred against Muslims
Best Buy CEO Brad Anderson and
Republican donor Foster Friess they all
chipped in I interviewed Foster Friess
when we were on Current TV he's such a
likable guy and that's the amazing part
of it just like so pleasant and hey how
you doing any of a reasonable
conversation and then later he turns
around he's like oh you want to do
attack a certain ethnic group and make
everybody scared of them and and you
know passed laws against them great
let's do that let's let's get everybody
to hate Muslims yeah and remember it
goes further than that
I mean it's essentially targeting
individuals in swing states during the
election to convince them to vote for or
at least persuade them to vote for Trump
so
the fact that they didn't mention any
political candidates it might be for
legal reasons but it's an insight into
two other things one is they don't have
to you know who's against the Muslims
you know that if you hate Muslims you're
gonna vote for Donald Trump so let's not
pretend anything otherwise okay and all
of us scared of the Muslims I'm gonna
vote for Hillary Clinton or I'm gonna
vote for Bernie Sanders no no no we hate
Muslims is a Republican stance and it's
so obvious they don't even have to tell
you the candidate the second thing is
they pumped in millions upon millions of
dollars to spread hatred just generally
we know it'll help Trump but plus we get
to smear Muslims so Robert Mercer you
are a bigot I like its I know that the
mainstream media and a lot of people
that are in civil society when I do
declare I see him at the Opera if you're
so uncivil to say he's a bigot are we oh
are we worried about his feelings is
that what we're worried about he wasn't
worried about the feelings of Muslims
America Muslim Americans and and if he
had done it to another ethnic group I
know that it's become just okay it's
just acceptable to hate Muslims and
Mexicans in this country now because of
Trump and because the Republican Party's
been doing that propaganda for so long
but if these guys all put in money to
run ads about the scary Jews coming into
the country we'd all be horrified
justifiably horrified and you wouldn't a
next time you saw them at the Opera or
the ballet would you say Oh Robert oh do
you do I can't believe those dastardly
Yonkers called you any names no you'd
say wow what a monster
so the my takeaway from this story is
not only that people like Robert Mercer
are bigots I mean that is a well-known
fact and it's it doesn't interest me at
all
I I hope that most Americans are aware
of it and hopefully videos like this
educate them on that or inform them on
that however what I take away is we need
to be better at investigating the
sources of the video
and the content that we see on social
media and online so I'll give you a
non-political example there are all
sorts of weirdos on Facebook who for
some reason get a rise out of spreading
fake stuff about dangerous things
happening that aren't really happening
and I get text messages from family
members usually my mom telling me that I
need to watch out because this is
happening and so one of those instances
happen today where there's something
going viral on Facebook about how
someone is using a needle to put poison
to poke into water bottles and put
poison in them they're poking into the
caps and putting and so be careful don't
drink this bottled water and then of
course you investigate it and you find
out through Snopes and various other
sources that it's been debunked just
please investigate the source where is
it coming from
is it reputable is there an agenda I
think media literacy is very important
and lacking here but they took advantage
of that they put this on Google and
Facebook and aimed it at people who are
more likely to be afraid of Muslims yes
so they targeted at fellow bigots to get
them to turn out and vote vote for Trump
get anima get scared because the
conservative line is mainly centered
around fear so if you scare them enough
of the others in this case Muslims in
the past there was Jews now its Muslims
right or and in the past has also been
gays etc we keep on moving then you'll
get them to vote and then I'll get my
tax cut so by the way it's not just
Mercer I want to call out Ronald Lauder
too because he's very well-respected in
New York circles and if he did a similar
ad like I said about any other group
including Jews people would he would be
shunned and rightfully so they say
that's a terrible anti-semite right he
does the same ad but it's about Muslims
Oh Ronald how do you do know the guy
said spend millions of dollars on
bigotry done hatred and fear so
understand who Ronald Lauder and Robert
Mercer are that's who they are you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
