so we had to shooting in Orlando of
course at the pulse nightclub and it was
done by Omar Martine I that'll you know
he's mentioned in this article we try
not to talk about these the names of the
mass shooters afterwards but in the kid
in this case I have to be clear and I
need to clarify that as well as several
other things that happen in that
shooting and there was a lot of wrong
information as it turns out that was
stated about this particular guy in his
motives in fact his wife was tried for
helping him commit this act of terrorism
and in that trial that has now concluded
we found out what the reality was and
and so there was a ton of speculation it
was it because he actually was a person
who had gotten the pulse nightclub many
times and that in fact he was closeted
and had a former lover inside the
nightclub and he did that now I have to
tell you that is something that was
reported widely there was even a guy who
wore disguise that when did an interview
on television claiming to be his former
lover very convincing and and certainly
convinced a lot of the news outlets
including myself and and I am said that
on a number of occasions well I'm here
to tell you that was wrong so I retract
that that is not why he did it so now we
find out the real story because of this
trial so let me go to hub post here for
a a wider explanation they explain that
over the past two weeks in Orlando
matine's widow nor Salman was tried for
having allegedly helping plan his attack
but popular understanding of the post
shooting is a carefully targeted
massacre was on trial as well and in
acquitting Salman 31 on Friday jury also
delivered a verdict on the story we told
ourselves about the killings we'd gotten
it wrong so yes we collectively in the
media apparently definitely had it wrong
by the way the other people who had
wrong with prosecutors who went after
his wife now that was a terrorism charge
and she got acquitted that almost never
happens and it turns out it's because
they didn't have the evidence on her so
and the jury did not think that it was a
difficult decision so she not only did
not go to help him in those shootings
they did not case out the pulse
nightclub in fact he apparently had
never even heard of the pulse nightclub
and did not know what it was and so of
course she couldn't help them case it
and apparently an FBI agent
investigating within days knew that she
had never gone anywhere near the pole
cycle they found that out in the middle
of the trial and the judge who had kept
her in jail without bail said white you
know a couple of days into your
investigation let alone in the middle of
this trial and now you're telling me
that she you knew from us her cell phone
data and and and tracking her phone that
she never got anywhere near it and
you're telling us in the middle of the
trial part of the reason that she was
acquitted because it just wasn't true
that she helped me in fact this monster
had beaten her raped her etc so you know
how much time she spent in prison
wrongly 14 months got a son couldn't see
him couldn't touch him couldn't hug him
couldn't kiss him her grandmother died
while she was in prison couldn't go to
her funeral couldn't see her before she
passed away
so now that's the injustice done to an
or Salman who also suffered at the hands
of a teen but now let's turn to the
other evidence in this case and why he
actually did it and why we know that it
wasn't related to the nightclub in
particular Melisa gelsin doing a great
job in reporting here explaining there
was no evidence that he was a closeted
gay man no evidence that he was ever on
Grindr as a lot of folks had reported he
looked at porn involving older women but
investigators who scoured matine's
electronic devices couldn't find any
internet history related to
homosexuality so look you commit one of
the biggest mass murders in American
history and yes investigators going to
look through your internet searches to
see what you were up to and it turns out
and he did watch porn and and you'll
find out what he's into when you look
through his
searches were that he thought were
private and it turns out it was not
homosexuality okay
as far as investigators could tell
Matina had never been to the pulse
before whether as a patron or to case
the nightclub even prosecutors
acknowledged in their closing statement
that pulse was not his original target
it was Disney Springs shopping and
entertainment complex and you know
further clarity on that and and
conservatives can you know be happy
about this he thought there was too much
security there and so he googled Orlando
nightclub randomly found pulse
investigators also said that when he did
that Google to find his next target when
he couldn't go into the other places
that he wanted to hit he did not search
for gay or LGBT or any of those terms so
turns out it was a random nightclub that
he had so more evidence here they
presented evidence demonstrating that
Mateen chose pulse randomly less than an
hour before the attack it's not clear he
even knew it was a gay bar a security
guard recalled Mateen asking where all
the women were apparently in earnest in
the minutes before he began his
slaughter so look very understandable
why folks thought that he had targeted
gay people because even if he had done
it for reasons related to radical Islam
well is an argument to be made that
obviously that radical Islam is not in
favor of homosexuality and they thought
maybe he might have targeted almost
extras on purpose because of that and
there were reports that his dad said he
was once quote/unquote disgusted by
seeing two men kiss so fair conclusions
early on very understandable it is
really disturbing that that evidence did
not come forward more quickly in the
media and much more disturbing the
prosecutors pursued this case against
his wife anyway knowing all of this
information and and so it looks like it
was not a
attack against LGBT members I to me look
that's important but he killed 49 people
wanted 53 others I mean it is horrible
act of terrorism and it's a massacre
anyway yeah you classify and clearly
clearly terrorism and so but it was not
done because of other reasons related to
his closeted personality so that part is
apparently not at all true so why was it
done no it was because of radical Islam
there were daily obsessive searches
about Isis however on his phone and in
his computers so he did not look up gay
porn or he didn't was not on Grindr none
of that stuff but he did look up Isis a
lot and now some of this was reported at
the time and I and I told you guys about
it too but it seemed like a throw away
at that moment that right before he went
into club he said oh it's because of
Isis and and and went in but now there
are more details we did not know the
degree to which he had searched for Isis
related propaganda on his computers
earlier we do now and at the time when
he called in in the middle of the
attacks and they had one tape saying
this says you have to tell America to
stop bombing Syria and Iraq
they're killing a lot of innocent people
what I what am I to do here when my
people are getting killed over there you
get what I'm saying no we don't get what
you're saying
and of course that is not a reason why
you should Massacre innocent people but
of course that's what disturbed people
do and but in in this case it seems
clear now
yes his motivation was because he was
looking at Isis propaganda hey they did
not to the best of my knowledge and what
is reported do not have solid
connections of him coordinating it or
planning it with Isis I mean he barely
planned it at all he hooked up pulse
nightclub an hour before he did the
attack so but at I to me that's not that
material it's still definitely terrorism
and definitely
because of this particular political
cause okay now I just look Melissa did a
great job here in in talking to people
in the community and covering the trial
and you could tell in a reporting and
we'll have the length of the article
down below but she talked to some person
there and I don't want to pick it on
them too much but it is a little bit
disturbing terms of how all sides these
days are viewing different stories so
let me give you the quote she says
during the trial I spoke to one LGBT
community leader there who said he would
always know in his heart that Mateen
picked pulse to kill gay people and that
Salman knew of his plans that's his wife
no amount of evidence would change his
mind he said well I don't want to live
in that world I don't want to live in a
world where we don't care about the
evidence and that we ignore facts and
that we just go to what is convenient
for us or what we already believed
regardless of the facts no for God's
sake for everyone's sake for reasons
sake yes you should care about the
evidence you should care about the facts
and if you got something wrong you
should be clear about that and corrected
and if your previous idea was that he
had targeted at that nightclub because
it was a gay nightclub as I thought you
should be open to evidence in facts that
show the reality to be the contract
contrary so I hope we as a nation can
get past this idea of sticking with our
preconceived notions and we could all be
open to reality as it is whether it fits
our narrative or it doesn't
so at least now we know a lot more about
the reality what happened in Orlando
what you just watched was one of the
videos that we do today but we actually
do a whole two-hour show every single
day it's a podcast you can watch it a
video or listen to it as audio you can
download it you can stream it you can
get it completely ad-free if you could
become a member of the young turks TYT
Network comm /join
