if you still need a demonstration of how
content free and Trump worship focus the
Republican Party has become over the
past year so take a look at this ad it's
the latest ad from a Republican Senate
primary candidate I'm Todd Rokita and
here's the truth we're not going to beat
Joe Donnelly with a rhino Mike Braun
he's a lifelong Democrat he voted for
Obama or Hillary Wow
and Luke Messer keep plotted with the
never Trump errs to steal the nomination
for president from you've got to be
kidding I'm Todd Rokita and I'll proudly
stand with our president and Mike Pence
to drain the swamp I'm Todd Rokita and I
approve this message
okay I love that see so let me list all
the reasons where I love that yeah
exactly
witty witty went back and pulled the
maggot hat out of his ass definitely the
top moment for me
I know sometimes I do about how they're
gonna have brown shirts soon Oh God
anyway he voted for Hillary or Obama
which one that was weird I don't know
what he means by that so look and now I
will do an ironic defense of the guy so
I get him saying hey look I'm the real
Republican that's fair you like within
the Democratic Party there's a
conversation about who are the real
progressives and who are the fake
progressives right so now the part that
John is right about and why we do this
story is but in the Republican Party
first of all they all agree on all the
positions even senators who are
so-called opposed to Donald Trump like
Jeff Flake and bob Corker who's spoken
out against Trump what with them 95% of
the time or higher so there is no actual
policy differences in the Republican
Party and so for him to say like I'm the
magnitude well yeah they've let go of
policy issues but partly because guess
another ironic defense of him in a
roundabout way they don't know what
Trump's policy positions are gonna be so
if you make an ad saying yeah I'm with
Trump on trade
he might switch his position tomorrow
before the ads even out like ah oh no
and then your abode is gonna do an ad
going see his bout with Trump I don't
want to be in a little board that gets
spun yeah yeah and look I get I get that
he needs to do this that that is
probably the most effective ad that he
can run right now but that is sad and
I'm not just criticizing him I'm
criticizing the people above him Trump
for doing this to a party he supposedly
cares for and I'm criticizing the people
that are gonna vote based on know that
he says I'm the real Republican the only
demonstration is that he owns a hat I
could buy a hat do I get to be the
Republican candidate for president for
Senate there he didn't list a single
policy distinction between him and the
Democrats not even him in the
Republicans we don't know anything about
him other than that he owns the Hat
there and you talked about a couple of
little subtle things that you liked in
it my favorite was he says I'm gonna
tell you the truth and it says the truth
but it has a question mark
like the person making the ad isn't
really sure that he's going to just a
very beginning it's like the first seven
seconds or something how did that get
through yeah I'm going to tell you the
truth maybe and he voted for Hillary or
Obama and his hat might or might not be
in my ass so bob Corker who you
referenced mentioned this this tribalism
basically that there's it's all about
I'm a part of the leader I follow the
leader and I fallen better than you and
I'll give him the best bananas and all
that bob Corker said it's more than
strong it's tribal in nature people who
tell me who are out on the trail say
look people don't ask about issues
anymore they don't care about issues
they want to know if you're with try
or not and that is true and by the way
there are people like that all over the
place I mean the Republicans are that's
all that I think amongst progresses it's
a much smaller thing but be on the
lookout for it because in the same way
that we follow sports teams
if regardless the hole every player
could change but we still have the same
team whatever or a school that we went
to it that's nothing like what we used
to we still love it we get attached to
these things and and with politics it's
not sports it's important so don't do
that but to just drive home the content
free thing that that was the ad no
policies no whatsoever they send out a
press release here is a tweet including
the press releases their messaging on
the right today Hoosiers for Okita
released its latest TV ad Mogga
featuring todd Rokita wearing a make
America great again hat and highlighting
why lifelong Democrat like bran and
never Trump her like Messer can't defeat
Joe lolly
so in their press release they stress
hey he's wearing the Hat that was the
qualification that they provides his
campaign
it's almost literally saying don't worry
I will bow my head to the authoritarian
leader and it's sad to be a conservative
because look here's a huge difference
and a lot of pundits on TV it will make
really shallow arguments well well
though don't Democrats also like
specific leaders but look at the
difference between Bernie Sanders and
Donald Trump as an example so Bernie
Sanders why do progressives like him
because he hasn't changed his positions
in 40 years so we know we can trust them
it's not because we love the way he
combs his hair hey I do like that right
it's not because he like he hates the
same people we hate it's not because he
likes to bully other people it's it's
not artificial it is based on his policy
position yeah if he changed his policy
positions I guarantee you he would lose
the support right Trump on the other
hand changes his policy positions almost
every day oh no no the darker kids are
gonna stay no problem no problem I
guarantee you they're gonna stay duck
I'm taking it away it's true outrageous
it's outrageous
oh it's the Democrats at Dachau away it
makes no sense
but as long as you wear that stupid hat
dog yes dear leader yes whatever you
want even his own supporters are in
favor of the the dreamer kids being able
to stay but he's against it and he
killed it he's the one who took away the
legislation they're like but you have to
head on or don't you have the Hat on oh
you've got the hat on
you've got the redhead in the brown
shirt I'm in what you just watched was
one of the videos that we do today but
we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get it completely
ad-free if you could become a member of
the young turks TYT Network comm /join
