no Menke cause last night reporting for
The Young Turks broke a story about
Democratic Party politics in New York
now this is a really really important
one and it revolves around not just
Democratic Party in the Republican Party
but the independent democratic
conference that is the IDC in New York
see if you're not familiar with New York
politics what happened was a group of
renegade and that makes him sound too
cool
Democrats broke off from the Democratic
Party and decided they were going to
work with the Republicans and swing
power in the Republican direction
now that seemed to coincide with the
reign of Governor Andrew Cuomo and I'll
give you the details on that
that was greatly frustrating to
progressives in New York and no michi
last night broke the story that the
reign of the IDC is over
interesting so here's a tweet in the
middle of the night I think she had it
at 12:30 Eastern breaking inside our
sources say Governor Cuomo calling for
an independent democratic conference to
disband as soon as tomorrow and other
source last minute called the New York
State Senate Democratic conference is
scheduled for tomorrow morning now that
all turned out to be true and now
confirmed by the New York Times and
others and she does have excellent
sources bless her heart so let's go to
the New York Times for an explanation of
what happened two warring factions of
Democratic lawmakers they explained have
agreed to reunite and even an end I
should say seven years of infighting
that has helped give Republicans a
foothold of power in Albany and a
dramatic upheaval of New York politics
and I'm going to tell you why Cuomo is
doing this today
now Cuomo will say golly gee me I don't
have anything to do with the IDC that's
not my group that happens to be a
breakaway group of Democrats that has
nothing to do with me let's find out
about that an alliance to the state
Senate between Republicans and a
renegade group of Democrats known as the
independent democratic conference was
formed during Governor Andrew Cuomo's
first week in office
okay well that's our first clue it's
Oh hmm he gets in the office and then
all of a sudden there is this breakaway
group that somehow happens to hand
Republicans power now if you're asking
why would a Democrat want Republicans in
power in any way even this weird
convoluted way well it's so that
whenever he passes anything he seems
like a hero oh my god I got a past
anyway and whatever he doesn't want
passing on to other Republicans I know
it's a deeply blue state but all the
Republicans made me do it all the ID see
what could I do there was nothing I
could do there's a tonight did we give
more advantages to all my donors there
was nothing we could do in the first
week it was not well disguised okay
so for years mr. Cuomo again the New
York Times continues here had said it
was not in his power to arrange a quote
shotgun marriage between mr. Klein and
Miss stewart-cousins she leads the Maine
Democrats in New York and as a deal came
together the governor was very much in
the middle of it that's interesting he
said he had nothing to do with it and
couldn't do anything about it all of a
sudden he's doing the deal
and he was right in the middle of it in
fact he's the one orchestrated no michi
reporting that he's the one that called
a meeting he's the one that led the
meeting and then the meeting the IDC was
gone
turns out there was a lot that Governor
Cuomo could do about it he just chose to
do it now and the timing is interesting
so let's get into that why is he doing
it well he is a strong primary opponent
which is of course making him move to
the left say it with me
oh of course progressives fight even if
you don't win elections
it forces Democrats pretending to be
progressives to actually take more
progressive positions this happened last
time when he was running he has ever
Teachout - he moved to the left on a
number of issues and here he goes again
now Cynthia Nixon is running against
them and she's not buying it she says if
you've set your own house on fire and
watch it burn for eight years finally
turning on a hose doesn't make you a
hero well I kind of love that quote
that's a strong powerful quote now
speaking of Zephyr Teachout
she's now working with Cynthia Nixon on
her campaign which is by the way unity
Democratic establishment that's how you
actually do unity
she says mister chromos role in
unification amounted to quote a
confession of his complicity of
Republican control for the last seven
years well it's a really a fair point if
you said there's nothing you can do
about it all of a sudden you're the one
who ends the IDC and they started a week
into your tenure and then you end in
whatever you're like mmm
makes it seem like it was a lot you
could have done about it at any time
that you wanted okay
Cuomo now announced that Klein who is a
leader of the IDC
must end the IDC altogether this is
courting the state of politics it's a
website in New York Stewart cousins will
be the sole leader of a reunited
Democratic Party and Klein will serve as
a deputy so when you issue an edict to
the so called leader of the IDC you'll
end your group now and he boughs his
head
and looks like you were in charge and as
they explained further without Cuomo
support Klein has nowhere else to go
might as well negotiate the terms of
your surrender before your options get
even worse so and then and now an
anonymous Democratic insiders said we
can now leave this ugly chapter behind
us and work together as one party an
ugly chapter an ugly chapter
okay then Cuomo funny enough wouldn't
give a speech right afterwards
this one was public the meeting that
ended i DC was in private by the way had
tended by powerful force within the
Democratic Party in and including Joe
Crowley who's a congressman and a power
broker within Democratic Party and if
there's gonna be any backroom deal
Crowley's gonna be in it and apparently
he was fine with the IDC he was fine
with the Democrats not being United in
in New York and all of a sudden they
decided oh by the way not only does
Cuomo have a primary but so does Joe
Crowley with a very progressive of
Alexandria Acacio Cortes who's it just
Democrat all of a sudden Crowley and
Cuomo get together like wait we need
unity right I mean we're board
progressives right of course of course
I do see what you guys do come on come
on come on let's end this how awfully
convenient
okay so Cuomo goes and gives a speech
publicly afterwards and says we have
achieved political clarity Wow that's
good I'm glad that this primaries caused
clarity for you so what's the clarity
that you've achieved he says the clarity
is this everything we are for they are
against it's that simple the Democratic
Party and the Republican Party are an
antithesis one of the other it took you
seven years to figure that out okay this
is preposterous it's all a matter of
convenience for corrupt Democrats they
don't they don't want to win on the
policy issues when it comes to their own
race they desperately want to win and
hold on to power and raise the money and
then wield that power in on behalf of
the people who gave them the money in
the first place but when it comes to
policy issues they don't really want to
fight they don't really want to win so
they'll use any excuse to to make sure
that Oh golly gee we lost again even in
a deeply blue state nothing we could do
so now all of a sudden he's running in a
primaries challenged on the left and
he's like I just achieved clarity I had
an epiphany it turns out the Republican
Party and the Democratic Party are two
different parties and they're opposed to
each other why didn't anyone tell me
pathetic
now one last piece of curious timing
here well they have a kumbaya moment and
the Democratic Party is reunited in New
York well I guess it looks like from the
facts here that Cuomo could have done
any time he wants why did he do it on
this particular day I mean Nixon
announced their candidacy recently
obviously there's a huge part of it
that's the main part of it but listen to
this timing the deal that would go back
to the New York Times here the deal
comes less than a week after lawmakers
passed
a hundred and sixty-eight billion dollar
budget a spending plan missed each out
noted in which miss stewart-cousins had
been excluded from the negotiations so
the leader of the Democratic Party not
include obviously in the legislature
they're not included in the budget
negotiations the Republicans are there
the IDC is there they make a budget that
is again on behalf of the donors what a
wonderful coincidence
the donors keep catching these lucky
breaks and then right after they're done
with the budget then Cuomo turns around
and goes oh I end the die do you see I
mean I never had any control over but I
ended it
I should get credit for ending it ending
it but I should get no blame at all for
starting it in the first place and
maintaining it for seven years
and what a bad break we already spent
the money and so now the Democrats will
not have any real power the Progressive
Democrats at least will not have any
real power and how the money's spent all
these weird coincidences surrounding
Andrew Cuomo are we really having a
conversation about whether he's a
progressive look these machinations
might work to get him some endorsements
and he has a giant name recognition
advantage we realize that but as I said
on the day the Cynthia Nixon announced
she's got some name recognition too and
she's a strong progressive and the
country in the state of New Yorker and a
progressive mood mm-hmm let's see what
happens I think this race is far more
interesting than people realize if you
become a member of the Young Turks
you'll be saying you know I'm like a
smart person so do it right now tea why
tea network.com slash join get the whole
Yonkers show every day
