Allisyn Hartson has decided to focus on
income inequality on a fitting day the
50th anniversary of Martin Luther King's
assassination he was doing a Poor
People's Campaign when he was
assassinated and he cared deeply about
bringing everyone together to make sure
that there was justice for the poor and
the middle class and Allyson Hartson is
running against Dianne Feinstein and and
she's given her a hell of a run she out
raised Diane Feinstein in small donor
money in the last quarter of 2017 she's
got a volunteer army of over 1,400
people and I'm gonna tell you about how
you can join in a second but we have a
fun new ad that she's put out Young
Turks have an exclusive on it I think
you're gonna love this let's watch Diane
Feinstein is worth 80 million dollars
her husband is a billionaire income
inequality isn't the problem for her
it's the solution Diane Feinstein voted
for the Bush tax cuts and to repeal the
estate tax
Diane how many tax cuts are you going to
give yourself
Dianne Feinstein is never going to fix
this problem because she is the problem
I'm going to represent you not the
wealthy elite
I'm Alison Hartson and I approve this
message because I'm going to get money
and Diane Feinstein out of politics
damn booyah now we got a race folks
she's not playing look a lot of people
come in they play patty cakes oh well
the Honorable gentlelady from California
has great intentions no she doesn't
she voted for the Bush tax cuts because
her family's billionaires she profited
to the tune of millions upon millions of
dollars by woudn't voting for those Bush
tax cuts she voted for Bush's Iraq war
and then her husband got a hundreds of
millions of dollars in defense contracts
they had to take her off of a committee
because she was giving her husband
defense contracts in another Iraq war no
Dianne Feinstein does not have good
intentions she keeps giving herself
break after break after break you think
Dianne Feinstein who's been in politics
for 50 years and never delivered for you
is now obvious I'm gonna turn around and
be like oh wait the poor in the middle
class I forgot about them as I was
giving myself tax cuts over and over
again no and finally you've got a
candidate who's one to say it who's
willing to call it out who's willing to
fight for you guys so you got to get in
a fight so look there's two number one
this ad is awesome I want to spread this
everywhere in California so in order to
help her do that you got to give her
money to be able to run that ad so more
and more people see it and see the
reality of Dianne Feinstein so look
we'll have links down below click those
links really easy and help raise money
for the ad or get them others volunteer
so as a volunteer Allison Hart's ENCOM
slash now the link just Democrats DICOM
slash Allison always works to to donate
to Allison just click down below if you
like the message that she's sending help
send the message Dianne Feinstein
corporate Democrats we know what you're
about
we know you're never gonna do Medicare
for all Dianne Feinstein went into the
town hall where she says she's not ready
yet for Medicare Pro
yet I mean yeah you've been in politics
50 years what do you mean yet okay and
then
coincidentally a week later she went and
raised money from the healthcare
industry it is corruption 101
we don't have income inequality in this
country by accident
we have income inequality in this
country because people like Dianne
Feinstein voted for it it hurt all of us
but it helped her family tremendously
why don't you get one of us into
Congress to represent you Allison
aartsen as a teacher they should take a
pay cut to work for a group that wanted
to get money out of politics why do you
get money out of politics because if you
don't the money corrupts everything
Alice is not taking any PAC money that's
why you got to get in the fight and help
her be part of Allison's army let's have
a giant progressive victory it will
shock the world and and Alice is strong
enough to make that happen let's go
right now let's get her 2000 volunteers
and let's get her at least ten thousand
dollars more to run that ad in digital
and perhaps even on television it
appears that Hartson is coming if you
like this video bless your heart
we got a lot more where that came from
we do a full show every day Monday
through Friday come enjoy ad-free by
becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
