now let's go talk to Mary Wilson she's
got a wonderful story that I want you
guys to hear about Mary welcome to a
Young Turks Network and rebel
headquarters in particular how you doing
I'm doing all right I am very very happy
to be here well we're happy to have you
sister so so here's the fun story you're
running in Texas 21st district
Texas has system where there's run offs
if no one gets 50% Mary you got no
chance there's a guy in the race
Joseph's cop sir who's raised nearly
$800,000 how much did you raise Mary
well I had $40,000 30,000 of that was my
own month okay all right so yeah I can
do the math you were outraged 2001 and
yes and then there was there a crow is a
really good guy who's a deeply
progressive he was a justice Democrat
and so it was a fascinating race and all
of a sudden you up whoop them both let
me just start off by saying over the
course of the year of campaigning Derek
and I got to be friends it wasn't just
that we were running I think there
became a true admiration mutual
admiration and I think genuine affection
for one another and I absolutely adore
Derek and appreciate everything he's
done and the messages that he was
getting out on the campaign as well and
how he immediately turned around the
night of the election and the next
morning to tell people to get behind me
that the progressive values had won and
that I was the candidate to support you
know that were kind of establishment
often talks about unity but it's fake
unity they just want you to do whatever
they tell you to do this is real unity
so yeah when you have decent people
involved in a democracy and and you guys
run and and you wind up winning Mary
bless your heart for that and and then
Derek turns around and immediately asked
as volunteers and staffers to come to
your side is that right that was it
that's exactly right and one of the
first things I did actually was hire his
field director to be my new campaign
manager because I recognized that Derek
had the best field game out of the
entire campaign so I I hope I showed a
little insight too and even respect to
say you know you what you did this well
and I I'm gonna bring that part to this
next phase to the campaign and bring
some of those people together as part of
my team and my staff so Mary are you now
just Democrat yes I am yes I am that's
and so look I think that speaks well
both of the organization for realizing
she's a wonderful candidate so let's
unify in all the great ways the right
ways and I think he speaks really well
of you that they had a candidate running
against you and now you've joined up
nonetheless and getting their support so
it's just it's a wonderful story but I
think the most interesting part of the
story is how you did it and that part I
don't know okay and so again let me see
yeah so let me set the context for
everybody so sure it you had more people
in the race than just you three but you
three were the top vote getters but the
top two advanced the runoff now you
didn't get fifty percent so you're in
the runoff you're in the runoff with a
guy with all the money right and so
we're gonna find out you know who's
gonna win that primary when the runoff
happens so but now you know you got
Derek's crew behind you you have the
just Democrats behind you and and so
that's how this the rest of this race is
gonna unfold and nothing's for certain
yet and I want to save the conversation
about the guy with the money to the end
but now tell me with that little
resources without almost any of the
media covering you without any
infrastructure how did you come in
number one in the initial vote yeah
that's a really interesting it now I'll
admit you know coming in first was
a little bit unexpected to be fair and
to be honest but throughout the district
I had people telling me Mary you've got
a lot of support out here you're gonna
make this run off now I didn't have any
way to quantify that exactly because
what what does that mean when people
just tell you in passing that you're
doing well you hope that that's true but
you can't you know put numbers to it so
the reason I think that I did as well as
I did are a couple of things I think
people are looking for different types
of candidates and for instance the races
in Virginia you know we're just you know
your real estate agent or I don't know
other teachers around the country have
come out and said I want to run for
office and my background is in education
and now as a minister and I looked
around and thought you know I've done a
lot of things that I'm very proud of in
my life and I've been an activist and I
marched like protested I've lobbied and
testified all those kinds of things and
I kept thinking there's got to be more
what else can I do and so I decided to
run for office and I think this we are
in an era now where we want people who
are working-class type people people who
are your basic carrying type of people
to be in politics and I think we want
people in elected offices that uh that
show that they care about the population
and not just about the money making
money is man it's like the god of our
country in so many ways and and in
politics for sure and I've never
realized how much so until I became a
candidate yeah so I definitely at that
part 16 years as a pastor 20 years of
the mathematics math teacher and and
professor Wright and and people are
excited by real human beings running for
office to represent us yeah and that's
the way should have been all along until
the money corrupted everything but but
let's talk about the man
just a little bit more sure so how did
you get volunteers how many volunteers
did you get what did you have them do
what did you do with the 40,000 that you
had right right so yeah that's a really
interesting question volunteers in in
the dozens and I had them target
particular precincts in Austin San
Antonio for fliers door hangers and and
door-knocking that sort of thing that's
kind of standard fare I I spent an
interesting amount of money in San
Antonio on signage and flooded the
district in San Antonio with name
recognition because a couple of the
candidates on our race did some polls at
the end of the year at the end of
December a person January and those
polls indicated at the very least that
we needed name recognition and San
Antonio like Austin is a big city and
there's a lot of precincts and a lot of
different neighborhoods like how do you
get name recognition when there's so
much space to cover and so I spent
basically $10,000 to put up nearly 500
signs in San Antonio in order to get
name recognition and then I followed
that up by some of the door knocking and
meeting people and you know local
establishments and introducing myself
and then when I would hear I saw your
sign oh yes you're Mary then I knew that
that was working to an extent I did not
I did not win Barret County where San
Antonio is I did come in second there
but I think it demonstrated that that
particular tactic in that particular
area was very helpful in Austin where
all four candidates live
I already had some name recognition from
my activism and lobbying work that I had
done so I just tried to continue to
capitalize on that in the corners where
people knew me and make sure that they
knew I was running for
and what my positions were that I think
they were already familiar with from
from having known me and then in the
hill country I just made sure I went to
every possible event I've been to San
Marcos well San Marcos is just down the
highway but I went to San Marcos Pride
Parade and I happen to be the only
candidate in the race that went to the
San Marcos Pride Parade and of course I
went to the Austin Pride Parade I've
even been to the Kerrville Rotary Club
and to any place where I thought I could
talk to people now having said that I
think the other candidates did that as
much as they possibly could as well but
that is where I focused my efforts
knowing that with a limited amount of
money and limited resources because of
that I had to show up in every possible
place and I also recognized that there
is nothing better for potential voters
than to actually talk to the candidate
in this case herself and so I just tried
to make myself as available and
accessible as I possibly could and so if
you'll excuse me just two more questions
about the mechanics and then and then I
want to go to your positions to in the
limited time that we have but so when
you say signs do you mean how signs like
the the lawn signs some some I mean like
four by eight and four by four signs
spread out through highways and roads
and neighborhoods throughout the
district where if somebody left their
home to go to the grocery store they saw
one of my signs so that they knew my
name okay and and so and then did you do
any ads so I imagine with that budget
you couldn't do TV but did you do
digital ads very very limited but I did
do some Facebook boost but not any
beyond that fortunately we are we do
have more money already than what I did
and we've already been doing some
digital ads in fact my spouse came up to
me the other day and showed me where she
been playing a game
on her phone I don't know solitaire
something and and one of my digital ads
came up so that was very exciting to see
that okay we've now been able to add
that to our arsenal of getting my name
out there and advertising our campaign
yeah well I want to help in that regard
so I love the link that you guys have
now justice Democrat comm slash mighty
Mary to donate to Mary yeah and so like
yeah I like Mary Wilson calm is the
website and and Elektra Wilson comm
slash volunteer of course volunteers
make a huge difference and then just
Democrats that might email what make it
happen and I'm very glad that I am able
to pay some staff members now in ways
that I couldn't prior to the primary but
you know none of this works without
volunteers they they are the lifeblood
of any campaign yep and so those links
are of course down below in the
description box on YouTube and and in
the comment section on Facebook easy to
click just go check it out and
participate in any way you can
so now real quick back to mr. moneybags
so what what is his governing philosophy
what's his thesis for why he could win
in what now is a Republican district
Lamar Smith is retiring but it's only
our plus 10 which now in Pennsylvania we
just had one flipped when it was our
plus ninety right so yeah and what is
your philosophy
compared to his well I think honestly it
has a lot to do with money it seems like
his main argument for winning in
November is that he has more money and
therefore will be able to win the
election the the problem with that in
Texas in particular is Republicans
always out raise Democrat bet oh maybe
showing some signs of changing that with
his very grassroots campaigning and
fundraising but the history has been the
Democrats are out
by Republicans 7 1 or 9 to 1 and my
argument then is well we need a
candidate that can prove and has proven
that she can win while being outspent
and and that has a message that gets
voters out to the polls because we've
been looking at some of the precinct
turnout in areas where I did well and
and there is I think an argument to be
made that that my messaging brought some
new voters to the polls and that we're
in a different time now where
establishment money is not going to be
what wins an election that we need a
message and a progressive message of one
that shows that we care about people's
health care the you know the Medicare
for all platform where we care about how
how people are able to send their
children to school and not just our
public schools K through 12 but what are
we doing with college and college debt
and how in the world can you know
graduates become part of our economic
system for lack of a better phrase if
they are saddled with this enormous debt
now that's coming out of colleges so I
think we're ready for a different
message a different type of candidate I
think we're ready for somebody you like
myself who has sent two kids to college
I I have a couple of grandsons I have a
future that I envision for them of a you
know a viable healthy planet and and I
just think people are ready for that
kind of message and I think that that is
really what is turning out voters and I
think the establishment has missed it
yeah in this election I just miss the
messaging yeah I totally agree because
it's not in their heart it's not in
their DNA whereas you've been doing it
for decades and I and I saw you at
Standing Rock you've been with black
lives matter activists and you lived it
you don't that's the problem with a lot
of politicians they gotta fake it right
you don't have to fake it right I don't
have to explain
like I don't I've done the work my
internal work to understand where my
privilege exists and when I haven't
and and where other people don't and I
not sure that that the establishment
Democrats for all the you know hope that
we have that there for the working class
and for the people and in our culture
that often find themselves on the
outside I'm not sure that they've really
done the work to understand what that
means and to actually live it and you
know being a part of the LGBTQ community
that's something that I personally had
to do and then by doing that in my own
life it helped me understand how to do
that in response to other stories and
other people's stories I was at an event
recently where I was sitting next to a
college student a young african-american
student I said you know what at my age
my story and what what my truth is is
going to be different than what your
story in your truth it is and that's why
it's so incredibly important to be able
to listen to each other and for me when
I'm in a position of privilege to set
aside that privilege to recognize what
someone else life story is like and to
hear it and to hear it with intention
yes mighty Mary Wilson well you've
earned it sister you've earned it yeah
so I can't wait for the for the primary
night when we find out if you pull that
off then I can't wait for the general
election night and if I get to call you
my T Congressman Mary Wilson because it
would it would show that we really have
taken step is to change the way money
functions in our country and the way
money functions in politics and and
money cannot be what drives our
political process it has to be the
message it has to be the experience that
people bring to it and it has to be the
ability to care about one another and
real and significant ways yep so if
you're in the 21st District of Texas
let Mary represent you thank you very
much you just watch the video by the
young turks the home of the revolution
if you'd like to get the full show come
join us and become a member
tea white tea network.com slash join
