so the other day Jim Acosta shouted a
question at Donald Trump during the
Easter Egg Roll event that he was doing
with the kids now Trump made that event
deeply political so Casa was within his
rights asked him what I think is a
perfectly normal question that was in
the news that day let's watch
the Democrats have really left them down
they've really let him down they had
this great opportunity the Democrats
have really let them down it's a shame
and now people have taken advantage of
daca that's a change now look it's hard
to hear him the president has a mic in
that case Acosta does not have a mic
that you can hear and he did showered
from behind and the president was able
to hear so I'm giving you all the
context here but did it seem like he was
screaming or doing anything outrageous
no it certainly didn't seem that way it
seemed like he was asking the president
a question which is what is the job of a
reporter but Howard Kurtz who is the
so-called media analyst at Fox News
after being fired by CNN who is the
current employer Jim Acosta has decided
that he's gonna take on CNN and Ana
Casas and say that this was terribly
rude before we go to Kurt's though
understand get where he gets his
marching orders media reports Trump's
campaign manager Brad parse Kel called
for a casa to have his press credentials
revoked how dare you ask the president a
perfectly normal question about daca
which he by the way answered we should
get rid of your press credentials so if
the president's team is saying that well
here comes Fox News and Howard Kurtz
yeah you know I'm all for shouted
questions but Jim Acosta clearly crossed
a line by doing it in this setting with
a bunch of children surrounding the
president he did get an answer which is
why reporters do it you're not for
shouted questions you said over and over
again and to be fair to Howard Kurtz and
he said it later in that segment he said
he was against shouted questions for
Obama to know you're for compliance
Howard you know you complied with who
whoever was in charge of CNN at the time
and you generally supported the
establishment media then conveniently
when you go over to Fox News all of a
sudden all the conservatives are right
and the conservative media is right you
can now never criticize of course Fox
News itself and all of a sudden you're
attacking CNN in other places and just
be honest about it
to say that you're all for shouted
questions but it wasn't the right
context wait wait you're talking about
context so let me
uwah Donald Trump said earlier to the
kids to the political speech I have to
confess we added the zoom into the
Easter Bunny
so the kids are trying to find the
Easter eggs and he's like the economy's
booming the economy's fantastic and a
military the military's great why are
you talking about the military to the
kids in that context is it okay for a
concert ask a political question of
course first of all it's I think okay in
almost any context to ask the president
a question if you're a real reporter
let alone in the context or he made it
deeply political also I'd like to note
for the record free Melania now we go on
to more of Howard Kurtz's
so-called media analysis watch but it's
no accident that a constant did this on
daca an issue in which he is clearly an
advocate quick example last year White
House briefing with Stephen Miller
Acosta what the president's proposing
does not sound like it's in keeping with
American tradition when it comes to
immigration the Statue of Liberty says
give me your tired your poor your
bringing a press one for English
philosophy to immigration that's never
been what the US has been about now does
that sound like a journalist questions
or an activist engaging in debate no it
sounds like a question most people are
familiar with once on the Statue of
Liberty I'm not sure the Donald Trump is
so explaining to him what's on the
Statue of Liberty and saying are you fit
in favor of it or against it I mean that
should be a super easy question in the
case of Donald Trump not so easy because
he's not in favor of what
the Statue of Liberty but man the
Conservatives love to cry and cry about
really simple questions remember when
Sarah Palin said that when Katie Couric
asked her what papers do you read she
thought that was a gotcha question so
here's Howard Kurtz again how dare you
ask your question if you ask a question
that Kurtz interprets as being opposing
Donald Trump by the way what are you
supposed to do it ask the president
questions where you agree with him and
only questions where you grew them what
kind of sense does that make
hey look we've been enormous ly
consistent about this we held Obama
accountable over and over and we thought
that he should have been asked a lot
more questions about the lack of wage
growth in the country we had great
unemployment numbers but we did not have
very good wage growth the drone strikes
on and on and on but if I had Obama in a
room I'm not gonna just ask some
questions about what I agree with him
I'm gonna ask him about what I disagree
with him on that's what a reporter's
supposed to do but not in Howard Kurtz's
view now Howard Kurtz is view is you
appease power and so now Donald Trump's
in power and Fox News is paying Howard
Kurtz so oh my god asking questions
where you where it seems like you're
challenging the president what are you
supposed to do not challenge him that's
not journalism but Kurtz has never known
that and it's hilarious that he's the
guy who's supposed to be holding
journalists accountable all right and
finally a veiled threat to Siena CNN I
have to assume must be happy with the
job that Acosta is doing because this
sort of thing has come up again and
again and he doesn't seem to be reined
in by the network at all mmm
in other words so why aren't you firing
them the Conservatives are very mad the
Trump administration is mad now CNN you
must be aware that you have a reporter
actually doing his job why is he still
on the air Howard Kurtz is just here to
ask questions this is the guy holding
the media accountable hilarious you just
watch the video by The Young Turks the
home of the revolution if you'd like to
get the full show come join us and
become a member
TYT Network
dot-com /join
