drop it
so as will probably become immediately
apparent one sweet launcher the topics
I'm not in a mood to do like a fun drop
it which I said before I show and then I
it wasn't just that it was like the
internal like sad monologue you must
have had yeah for you know wise what
because I have an internal sad monologue
yeah and that is apparent because we're
an authentic honest group of foes the
Decker below said I'm gonna introduce it
even though I'm I don't want to anymore
brett erlich is here Brooke is here nice
hey do you have anything going on yes
that's my Twitter actually far more
entertaining yes I am John a troll
obviously the shows in a state of chaos
right now Jake user is the country out
today but Ana Kasparian will be back
she'll be here for the second hour she
was leading you through that hour over
the course of this hour we're gonna talk
about a few things of course we're gonna
be talking about the fate of Brett
Kavanaugh which apparently at least it
seems like it has been sealed so far
we're gonna be talking about some of the
attacks that you powerful Republicans
were launching at sexual assault
survivors even before Susan Collins
decided to ratchet up a notch but later
on we're gonna be talking about stuff
not having to do with Kavanagh what are
we talking about the environmental
impact statement the Trump
administration put out they apparently
except that the world is heating up but
they see it as a good thing actually
will explain why and then we're gonna
close out with something light hopefully
by then I'll be in half a mood to
actually do it and that is a study into
Trump's Twitter activity should we be as
worried about it as we are that'll be
what we close the things out with but
anyway thank you guys for joining us
first hour everyone else should stay
tuned after the show for happy half-hour
guests bree essrig I had a little stuck
when we recorded it okay but if at the
end of the week if you want to cut loose
talk about some happy stuff some good
news especially in the wake of all this
terrible news see that you watch it yeah
that's a good idea it's a funny show
you're funny person thank you
is there a involved not this time not
this time no and by the way in the
second hour we'll have some some lighter
topics to a quite a few of them are not
light
after all oh the second hour actually we
have an update on a story Jared Jackson
and I talked about on yesterday's first
our actual justice in a case of police
brutality so that'll be a little bit of
good news for you and by the way as
we're doing this obviously we come back
from each break and we read some of your
tweets and member comments and super
chats and today more than usual I would
love to hear what you guys are thinking
and feeling about what's going on in
this country right now so feel free to
send those in it'll be reading some once
we come back okay with that why don't we
jump in the news we were waiting to find
out what was going to happen with Brett
Kavanaugh and because we are we don't
have a government of a hundred
reasonable senators that actually think
about and consider every decision we
have like three people that we weren't
sure how they would vote and we came
into this day thinking maybe they had
been convinced by Christine Blasi Ford
and Brett Cavanaugh's testimony the FBI
investigation that came after it maybe
that had swayed them and so we're
waiting to find out how they would vote
well very quickly through the course of
the day we figure that out here's a
little matchup of two of those senators
and you find a vote yes tomorrow
that's something big change see what
would but
but anyway I'm glad we had a better
process what do you mean better process
mr. president
I will vote to confirm judge Cavanaugh
Thank You mr. president
so flake was earlier in the day senator
Collins that we cut out the first three
and a half hours of her speech and just
gave you the important part that she'd
been wasting our time with before you
just say whether or not you're gonna put
the attempted rapist on the Supreme
Court so those are two of the big ones
we'll get to others in a bit but how did
you guys react to those duh really this
blake's thing it's been his thing it's
kind of been I don't and it's almost
it's frustrating every time he is very
verbal about how almost like against
this and disappointed in this
administration in this process and this
is not just for a regarding the Supreme
Court nomination this has been going on
for the past um two years but if you pay
attention his tweets don't match like
what he's done and what he's actually
supported and what he believes he is you
know pretty gosh-darn partisan and
that's kind of where what's important to
him I think that so I'm not surprised
that he kind of put on a show but then
it has been you know you're gonna do the
same thing the whole time it's like
nobody wants to look like Lindsey Graham
but iam and pull it out he looked yeah
just like this like what is what's the
matter like you didn't do anything
Halloween you you you added a week to
this process which Neal did what a
pretty empty FBI report that by many
reports seem to be limited in scope by
the president who tells the FBI what
they can and cannot do in this case
anyways and and at the end of it you
didn't do anything yeah yeah and so you
saw in his statement he said we need a
better process he said it you know he
said I think we think we've got a better
process oh okay okay
even worse we've got a better process
Susan Collins in her long speech at the
beginning part of it a lot of it was
this process has become too crazy it's
become too partisan first of all at the
end of the day I really don't care about
the process I care about the result but
if you have a problem with the process
look at what end result of the process
you have delivered to us and that at the
end it looks like the guy accused of
multiple sexual
salts will end up on the Supreme Court
but you're okay with that part of the
process
it was the people were screaming a
little bit well there were there was
partisanship she that's what you're
bothered by there was a long part of her
already long speech which made Christine
Blasi Ford out to be a bigger victim of
the Democrats then she was of Brett
Kavanaugh yeah where she said oh they
unsay I love Dianne Feinstein she would
never leak it but some bastard ed and in
doing that they made it worse but so she
does you know Dianne Feinstein or
whoever it was on the Democratic side
went against Christine Blasi Ford's
wishes in making this public so Susan
Collins is going against Christine Blasi
Ford's wishes in making her accused
attempted rapist a Supreme Court justice
you can't have it both ways and they're
all kind of a lot of them with these
speeches and these tweets and these
announcements and these sound bites you
either believe she's a liar or you
believe he's a liar you cannot have it
both ways and there is all this like
long drawn-out discussion like oh she's
such a victim to the process and this
you think she's lying
that's why you're it's really convenient
the way they have it all they have their
cake and they get to eat it too they get
they have their cake and they get to
sing you're just confused cake yeah
you're a toad little lady brain doesn't
it remember how you were made cake ah
you were either too crazy or too stupid
to actually know who tried to rape you
and but but no but don't think that I'm
against women that was the last part of
her things they still that's the other I
guess that's the eating of the cake is
they want women to think that they
respect them and trust them and all that
while saying effectively that they are
either wrong or liars but honestly at
the end of the day it doesn't matter
either way the guy is gonna get in the
Supreme Court and the flag has been kind
of doing the same thing the entire time
though this idea he set there and almost
in the same breath said I'm not sure
what happened I'm really confused I
think we need a different process oh yes
yes I will vote to advance so I don't
even I don't understand what any of that
it's also Gemara like right in the same
sentence he said he couldn't he wouldn't
have been able to do this very brave act
of calling her a week long delay if he
was still running for
that is sad by the was all sadder but
but that was sad too so look we're gonna
talk again about other senators and all
that I want to talk a little bit more in
depth about what Susan Collins said
because I listen to the entirety of it
and aged as a result there were there
were a number of problems so she went
back and for the first I would say at
least 25 minutes was just talking about
all of the problems people said they had
with him prior to all of the sexual
assault stuff and what what's
interesting is that she is I think the
point of this speech is to sort of
preemptively defend herself from GOP
critiques that could lead to something
like a primary the next time she's up
and so she wanted to explain all of
those sorts of things but she also went
on the record on almost every issue
where we're worried about this guy and
said why we shouldn't be worried about
these issues so now when he gets on the
Supreme Court and rules exactly like we
know he will she is on the record
naively predicting that he won't do what
he has been chosen to do I mean there
were a couple of issues that were the
biggest so she said you know even before
his name was out there
there were left-wing groups who were
going to oppose him as if of course
there weren't right-wing groups that
were gonna support him no matter what
saying that they spent dark money
against him okay well there was far far
more money spent on the right in support
of him she didn't say anything about
that she tried to present him is not
only a guy who would respect roe v wade
but in general he's just a guy who
respects precedent just really really
fast that she believes that he was put
on a short list of by organizations that
are far-right radical judicial like
trying to push to reshape the Supreme
Court that he was chosen because he
respects precedent just so damn much
that that is what his judicial
philosophy is is just even tempered you
know we're gonna continue to let things
go the way they are that is why the far
right was saying to Jordan to Donald
Trump that you have to choose this guy
the best-case scenario is that she is
far too naive to actually be a Supreme
Court justice but I don't believe that
at all I have too much respect for I
think that she is lying to you to defend
herself from what she sees as a more
likely difficult potential primary
process next time around than any sort
of general election concern that she has
yeah and she's the last person speaking
and so she seems like that one who we
like whether she was or not she's that
one who really thought it over molded
over and gives you this description I
well I was gonna add when you to while
you were saying is literally on the
record the head of the Federalist
Society says there is no difference
between any of the judges on this list
period like I don't care who it is what
it is when it is but that's it
I do disagree with one thing though she
wasn't the last person who spoke Lamar
Alexander no there was one vote we
didn't find out about until afterward
and so look as frustrating as it is for
Jeff Flake before you into mansion sorry
it was just watching Susan Collins at
the end paint him as such a sweetheart
that's what it was in it she's just
making it seem like the the same thing
that led him to be on the short list of
of the the federal society like
everything about this guy mm-hmm it was
very frustrating yeah and look and bear
in mind as she's she wants you to
believe that she's really mulling it
over and she's thinking really hard
about it again there is no scenario
where they don't get a radical
conservative for this spot on the
Supreme Court they're gonna get that
either way she is making the case that
it has to be him and she she says that
people's faith in the Supreme Court
would go down if he doesn't make it on
the Supreme Court this guy that ranted
and raved and cried and sniffled his way
through his testimony that if that guy
doesn't get on people's respect and
trust in a Supreme Court will be
irreparably harmed i I have those fears
I have concerns about the legitimacy of
the Supreme Court I think a lot of
people do but they don't run in the
direction that she seems to think that
they do okay so let's move on then Jeff
Flake Susan Collins are voting in
support of Kavanagh Lisa Murkowski says
that she won't and she said that early
enough of the day that it provided I
guess some hope maybe that if others
pile on we can actually stop him and we
were talking about how late in the game
Susan Collins was with her speech when
she finally announced that she would in
fact support him there was one person
who came out afterward that was Joe
Manchin bold strong senator waiting
until he knows exactly where all the
other swing votes are going free comes
out and tweets I will vote to support
Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh yeah yeah I understand
why he um calls himself a Democrat I've
never I don't understand
it's a weird in West Virginia like what
there's a lot of legacy Democrats
opposing you know as being the people
that you voted for for example like in
the South specifically like there was a
long tail of the civil war that resulted
in Democrats in name being voted for and
like the Georgia had a Democratic
governor until whatever it was 2004 and
and the only reason that it flipped
finally the full realignment of like the
dying dog of the Old South happened was
because the sitting governor didn't
eliminate but reduce the size of the
Confederate flag on the state flag like
there's a lot of legacy stuff yeah I I
think in the media and just in general
he's kind of talked about is this
bipartisan politician in this red area
but I don't think history has shown that
it's right I mean when it comes down to
like the health care he's on our side
okay you know and he and he does in a
very joe manchin way I mean he's it's
tough to be joe Manchin I know that he
gets a lot of flack and and it is
difficult to be a Democrat in West
Virginia I don't think that difficult so
like the whole time this has been talked
about as he is thinking about his
political future can he win in November
he is being challenged obviously there's
a Republican run against him it ain't
that close
it ain't that close that this is what he
needed to do and it's interesting to
consider what if Susan Collins had come
out and said that she was voting against
him
would he have chosen to be the deciding
vote that puts Kavanagh on the Supreme
Court over the opposition of the two
Republican female senators I don't know
but at the end of the day he is voting
to support even though he really does
not need to he's choosing to he was
sweating for sure he was sweating all
day assuming they didn't all get
together and plan this all together but
she was he did not want to be that
person who had to make the actual choice
when it came down to it cuz he would
have been yeah it would have been I
don't think he had to do anything I I
don't want to get let him off the hook
there that this is some sort of
pragmatic thing I think he is choosing
to put him on I
think that joe manchin could have gotten
away I said this off-camera too like he
could have gotten away in a very joe
manchin style was saying I just didn't
like the look of the guy I didn't like
to see him cry I didn't like to see him
go up and do all that stuff and they can
throw another one at me and I'll go at
that person the same way I go at every
decision I do right here yeah like
that's it that's how joe manchin is yeah
yeah and while he says that everyone can
speculate like it's just looking out for
joe manchin to make sure he gets
reelected but that's his skill that's
where he's gotten and that's how he's
gotten yeah that bothers me that has
always bothered me kind of when it comes
to like these big decisions that
senators have to make when it comes up
to heading him to votes this idea that
they are undecided until the last minute
and that almost like we hope for that
and that makes it always makes me
uncomfortable this is far too big of a
decision for you to really actually be
flip-flopping on like it happen morning
as you're walking down the hall you're
telling reporters you know you have your
people sending out emails that morning
saying he's unsure and then as it public
generally but they're okay with that
because there's a chance and I'm like oh
I said like that makes me uncomfortable
because I don't believe it won in July
and then to I don't want that I want you
this is something I want you to be
really sure about for a long time well
it's they are thinking really hard about
it I believe but I think they're
thinking more of the political calculus
of reelection more than they are what is
the right or wrong thing to do and
including columns including Collins but
especially like flake flake is gonna run
for governor of Arizona President of the
United States something like that and so
his political aspirations are not over
Rani's carefully calculating all of that
as it presents in minutes in each of
these cases I just can't wait to see who
is going to challenge them whether it's
you know certain columns when she goes
back or no Cod or flake whatever and
again as we talked about the damage
before this morning the idea that Jeff
Flake looks out at American thinks I
could be President you moron what do you
that you have no idea what country you
even live in anymore that you think that
you could be President I want to I just
want to attack with Joe Manchin just a
little bit more because he didn't just
say he's gonna vote to support Judge cab
now he also said I believe dr. Ford
something happened to dr. Ford I don't
believe the facts show it was Brett
Kavanaugh you just need to put the last
part because you don't actually mean the
first part you
don't believe dr. Ford if you say that
she is so mixed up that she has no clue
who she thought has attempted to rape
her
three dozen years ago and she's thought
for most of her life that this guy tried
to rape her and she is so wrong or so
stupid or so crazy that she thinks that
you don't actually believe you're
calling her a liar you're just
essentially calling her an accident a
liar yeah call her a liar they don't
usually part yeah this is the result of
many people on the right just putting
lures out in the water that you can go
gravitate to and get hooked on the
doppelganger theory the doppelganger
theory is one the other one is less
specific than adopted that they tried
that one that was a little weird but the
other one was you know this is a very
traumatic thing I wish you could provide
more information he seems to know for
sure and she doesn't blah blah blah a
thousand things tough to be a man in the
world they're coming after us but yeah
you know seven background checks they
just cast a bunch of lures and Joe
Manchin was like I like that one I'm not
really going to think about what it
means if I parse it out yeah look your
constituents of people who vote you in
regardless like they deserve your
honesty not these carefully like on PR
created like paragraphs and we're doing
so much just like breaking down just for
these ridiculous statements like I think
that people who you represent deserve
honesty it's not even I can't even even
focus on the frustration of where you're
voting it's just how you're talking to
the general public that's a problem and
and who thinks leftist right doesn't
matter who thinks that he was just
actually doing what he believes nobody
thinks I don't in any part of the
spectrum by the way as soon as he
tweeted that this thing that he did
supposedly to get some right-wing
support a Donald Trump jr. tweeted that
he's a lyin Joe Manchin and all that so
great move there strategically you are
this expert chess player that's teaching
us all about you know how to stay alive
in the South looks like it's gonna work
for you there
well I want to say just a little bit so
we obviously we've talked for a long
time about how bad Joe Manchin is he
faced a strong primary challenge apology
and Swearengen earlier this year I wish
that she had should be she had been able
to beat him he apparently feels
emboldened to do whatever he wants for
the next six years he will be challenged
again hopefully he'll be taken down
now we've always known he's bad there's
a few others that are bad but look at
this he is literally the worst Democrat
and he's so bad that he's not even as
good on this issue as Lisa Murkowski
he's he's not even as good as one
possibly in their hearts a few other
Republicans that's how bad he is now I
will say one of the reasons that it
bothers us so much is that this was so
obviously a case where you cannot
justify voting for him that he is the
only Democrat that we believe is
actually going to do it there was one
Republican who votes against Kavanagh
one Democrat who votes for him so
numerically the parties are about as
opposite on this as you could possibly
be and even under that situation where
it was so clear so easy he has to go
with the Republicans the calculus of it
state to state comes down to people who
are going to vote or not vote for these
folks people who call the numbers when
the numbers are on the screen to can cut
it to get in contact with your senators
or don't call those numbers and that's
how they're making the political
calculus there they are cowards they are
super it went a lot of most of them when
it comes down to it they are out for
their own personal interests and their
own personal interest depends on you
telling them you're gonna vote for them
or not yeah we had national voter
registration day eight hundred thousand
people registered to vote I mean for
there are there are more of us than
there are of them numbers numbers they
gerrymander whatever this is a
senatorial race you're gonna vote for
your senator for your state yeah and at
the end of the day it doesn't end on a
pressure we know that would Lisa
Murkowski a lot of her constituents were
putting pressure on her and we know the
head of the DNC when asked about if the
DNC would still support candidates that
support Kavanagh I think like a week ago
he said yeah it's not gonna be anything
that disqualifies you so that stops some
of the pressure from being put on Joe
Manchin you got to get out there to vote
you got a month the entire the entire
thing is so frustrating and I imagine
again the the continually like her
speech was so insulting so condescending
at the same time attempting to protect
her from further criticism on this issue
like I imagine again as this whole
process has been if you have survived
sexual assault watching this it has got
to be so demoralized
she said in her argument that oh guys
Cavanaugh voted with Merrick garland 93
percent of the time well Susan Collins
if there's no difference between those
two why the hell didn't you vote for
friggin Merrick garland and she left out
her involvement in that Republican
scheme to steal that seat left that out
over and over and over
that's that buddies guys I gotta keep it
real it's about them having control in
Congress everything that Mitch McConnell
did along the way in order to delay
Merrick garland was because they have
control of Congress and the way to
change them having control in Congress
is for you to get off your buns and go
vote yeah yeah yeah I mean overall I
think people did a great job I mean the
fact that we got the the testimony at
all was because of the pressure people
problem the fact that we got the FBI
investigation whatever it was worth was
again because of the pressure it in the
end looks like it's probably not going
to be enough but it's also not done I
mean there are measures to remove
Supreme Court justices it's far harder
than anyone then I think a lot of people
are being honest about but it is still
possible so perhaps you will see that
exercise at long last okay we're gonna
take a short break when we come back
let's see what Donald Trump and Orrin
Hatch were saying to survivors of sexual
assault in advance of these big speeches
today we hope you're enjoying this free
clip from The Young Turks if you want to
get the whole show and more exclusive
content while supporting independent
media become a member at TYT comm slash
join today
in the meantime enjoy this free sex aww
we almost never have songs that have
lyrics I was very weirded out by that oh
go through APM music library yeah oh
it's great
okay well welcome back everyone it's
obviously Brooke a Breton myself I want
to read some of your comments first on
super chat let's see Mario Castaneda
said mansion's vote in CAV I better
never ever hear another person say quote
Bernie's not a Democrat as if that means
anything
well that's why I also why I treated
what would it actually look like in
practice to throw someone out of the
park
and I know some people say you know we
have to be willing to have some
diversity and all that but I think there
reaches a point where you should have a
minimum standard and supporting him it's
absolutely crazy
okay Lars Nilson said to my horror and
coulter was a guest tonight in a
prime-time talk show here in Sweden
spewing her hate against Muslims Latinos
and also to share her support of
Kavanagh the rest of the world share
your nightmare at the moment I hadn't
seen anything she had said about
Kavanagh but yeah obviously I guess she
saw her into that IKEA assembly dungeon
of Sweden if only okay let's see okay
let's see member comments harvest said
the be a hero website to replace susan
collins crash today because there were
so many people crowdfunding they've
already raised two million dollars love
you guys that is that's yeah some of
that they'd already raised but I think
since her speech after like an hour
there were two hundred thousand
additional dollars Wow so whoever runs
against her and they'll find someone is
going to be well funded I think Gaby
marina said Susan Collins sounded like a
sixty five-year-old senator version of a
girlfriend justifying the behavior of
her obviously abusive boyfriend quote
but you just don't understand him when
he's with me he's such a different
person really yeah she kind of said
exactly that actually he reassured me on
roe v wade yeah well we'll see about
that we'll see about that people change
john better i think i was going along
with a bit i don't think so yeah okay
i'll read some more a little bit later
on very disappointed about the whole
thing oh by the way buddy there's a lot
of different ways that you guys support
us and hopefully will continue to
support us we have a new one by the way
if you'd like to in a slightly different
way you can out donate directly during
the live show by clicking on the yes
button next to member comments on t
y-t-dot-com slash live also another way
to donate go directly to t YT calm slash
yes if you'd like to support us and the
work that we're doing every time you do
that an angel gets its wings no it's
that it's just that we literally every
time a great show mansion get stuck at a
red light just briefly but it's still
annoys him that's the most we can i want
to say that - campbell by the way should
you know
what hopefully your hopefully to IQ be
around in six years to support whoever
primaries and takes him down next time
around we'll see okay let's jump back to
this morning Donald Trump has clearly
been feeling emboldened to speak out
more aggressively against sexual assault
survivors it's been getting worse man
imagine how he's going to be now now
that he knows he has the votes but
anyway he tweeted this morning about
some of the activists who've been
speaking out against Kavanagh he said
this the very rude elevator streamers
are paid professionals only looking to
make senators look bad don't fall for it
also look at all the professionally made
identical signs paid for by Soros and
others these are not signs made in the
basement from love you
hashtag troublemakers don't forget the
best part hashtag troublemakers there
he's talking about the protesters in
general but specifically the two women
who spoke with Jeff Flake last week and
in a way that I can't even imagine how
you could do it just very honestly
openly talked about what had happened to
them about their own experiences with
rape and assault and so their elevator
screamers paid professionals so I want
you guys to talk specifically about this
but also let's remind this is another
example of the President of the United
States the most powerful force in the
world just makes up conspiracy theories
it just says them doesn't care to find
out what's the evidence that they're
paid professionals that they're doing
this that all of this protest is not
organic at all these women are lying
about their sexual assault like imagine
if Obama had said things like that about
the tea party or whoever of course he
didn't do we've been sued or he wore a
tan suit or if he did a terrorist fist
jab with his wife or something like that
so we just accept it we have a
conspiracy theorist as president that's
awesome but we just still have not
gotten used to this kind of casual form
of talking to us like from the Oval
Office I just haven't gotten used to
that so just even there and not even
getting into what do you say if things
just looking at this message I have not
gotten used to that yet there was the
fireside chat and this is like the fire
sale chat like
okay the garbage firechat garbage yeah
the dumpster fire disaster fire truck a
dumpster fireside chat okay let me get
over back to one you remember the
fireside chats these are the dumpster
fireside chats and that's what it is
yeah we uh I know that that some people
are like you know what why do you guys
get so bothered by this or whatever part
of the frustration is seeing it play out
after spending 18 months desperately
trying to get people to realize how bad
things would be under Donald Trump and
now seeing it every day and not being
able to just put our heads in the ground
and pretend that it's not happening but
to see and I tweeted something about
this yesterday that we as a culture just
we look for the worst examples of
humanity and we shower them with wealth
and power and fame even making them the
most powerful person of the executive
branch elevating them to the most
powerful positions in the judicial
branch people like Lindsey Graham these
are the most powerful senators in the
world they were the worst people that we
can find and to also have it shouted in
her face every morning as this guy
continually attacks again I guess even I
like we're doing the story he's all he's
doing here is attacking victims of rape
the president united states is saying
these goddamn rape victims are getting
in our faces and I'm not gonna take it
anymore that is what our president
spends his day doing and that was when
he thought he might not have the votes
to confirm Kavanaugh god only knows
tonight or tomorrow when he does a rally
what he is gonna say about Christine
Blasi Ford like it
up until this point it's been his
supporters in the media and on Twitter
who are calling him lying sluts but is
it impossible to the president United
States would tweet that that his son is
gonna tweet that enthusiastically after
this don't rule it out don't rule it out
well cause the kind of like that
everyone almost like a large majority of
what I've seen they don't want you to be
not supporting a sexual assault victim
so that's why everyone's sort of kind of
turning like a different corner and
manipulating the conversation into what
I don't believe them if they were real
they would be worth listening to
if she were telling the truth she would
be worth listening to and then we could
have a different discussion on Kavanagh
it's these two women were telling the
truth
I would listen to them and they would
deserve my respect but everything I'm
doing is okay because they're bought and
paid for
they're like even Jeff Lincoln that
interview with the Atlantic said you
know kind of like alluded to the idea
that they were politically motivated
mm-hmm you know and so they're it's all
kind of like um no no listen we're not
bad people
we don't believe them if we believed
them if they were telling the truth this
would be a whole different conversation
in its just go listen to the elevator
screamer just go back right now and
listen to the elevator screamer
hey is she's like screaming
uncontrollably does she look like oh did
she sound like a paid shill she sound
like a Paige children how how good how
well would you have to be paid to actor
that well I don't know I get paid less
as a Jew in media I have a helicopter
spoke with Soros on the side that I jump
in I actually run up and just grab it's
hovering and I grab the bottom and we
just kind of go away into the into the
nothing you're doing well is essentially
I'm a page chill thank you by the way
for mentioning the the Soros angle cuz I
actually forgot about that mostly it's
about the the hating the women who've
been raped there's there's a little bit
of anti-semitism there to abuse that
this is further abusing you know
survivors slash victims of horrible
behavior horrible things yeah it's kind
of awful it's I'm gonna have this even
come out of your mouth for anyone but
that's what percent they but that's how
it works it is the media savvy of the
other side here's what happened with
Christine Blasi Ford she gave a
devastating series of statements
responses to questions during that her
testimony devastating but it wasn't as
viral as like beer I like beer do you
like beer I love beer do you right and
there's and so what happened in that
case in the case of Christine Bazzi for
and in the case of these women who
confronted Jeff Flake and gave on both
of undeniably
moving of course they're serious of
course they're real statements yeah in
the face of that all that Trump did was
wait 48 hours yeah that's all he did
totally and was like Oh Christine Blasi
Ford uh where was she blah blah blah
where was she upstairs or downstairs
sherry sent upstairs you piece of crap
she said it so many times so many times
he said but he says you're gonna listen
to me now rehash it because it's been 48
hours with the women who confronted
flake oh it's been 48 hours now their
elevator screamers paid for by Soros
yeah kidding me and he's surrounded of
course by people who are never gonna
disagree with him on literally anything
and as he but let's let's just briefly
go back to the beginning of this
national nightmare when he descended
down that golden elevator he was
descending to a bunch of paid supporters
they paid $12,000 fifty dollars a head
to bring people in to cheer for him now
eventually he would get enough you know
racists and bigots and all that to come
enthusiastically to his things but at
that point he actually paid a group
$12,000 people forget about that and so
again it's projection as it so often is
but I don't want to leave you with his
comments I want to leave you with the
response by one of the two women that
was actually talking to Jeff Flake in
that video as annamaria arkillo who said
no one can pay for someone's lived
experiences the pain the trauma and the
rage that I expressed when I spoke with
Senator Jeff Flake in an elevator were
my own and I held it for more than 30
years to protect the people I love from
it so thank you again
annamaria for what you did I am sorry
that unfortunately you and so many
others will continually be victimized by
this absolute garbage human that we've
made president that said won't we move
to hatch senator orrin hatch didn't want
to be left out of this new trend of
Republicans mocking and attacking
victims of sexual assaults so when he
was approached by some protesters
earlier today he responded in his own
way as you'll see
so as much as we are really frustrated
with Jeff Flake and all that
his response sure seems good in
comparison he did that to them then he
said when you grow up I'll talk to you
remember he's talking to women that
whether he thinks they're being honest
or not are presenting themselves as
victims of rape and he says when you
grow up
I'll talk to you and then as he goes
away in the elevator that's kind of
sending a series of gestures and words
as is imaginable like stop foreign
hatchets Superman it varies like this
steel fence around him like do you know
how long he's been in this position it's
just like manipulates um the idea that
senators are in place to be your voice
he is he is just you know he's solid
he's doing what he wants guess who else
he's been able to do what he wants for
years and that is the response you get
when people get comfortable and how
could you not get comfortable if you
there has never been even like a serious
challenge I mean his prize yeah no no
he's a yeah he's a they weren't
attractive enough witnesses to him the
same I mean he says that about everyone
in anyone's he's a thousand years old
and I don't say that to be ageist or
anything he's a thousand years old just
because and he's been in his position
for 998 years like that's what it seemed
like did young yeah he's one of those
two-year-old I don't know he's been it
for 900 years alright and that comfort
and consistently being voted in has
allowed him this ability to not have two
evils yeah to not have to change he is
the same person that he's always been
yeah and what a variant one of the
threads has sort of gone through from
the be even before the sexual assault
allegations people were putting pressure
on Susan Collins that was when they
started raising money to eventually
challenger two or if she voted in
support of him
they have always called it bullying
intimidation Susan Collins told a
reporter earlier today that she felt
bullied by the sexual assault victims
coming to outside her office and you see
there and what what makes this all like
come together is those women have the
gall to think that because they
themselves have been assaulted or raped
that they have something to say about
this but while they came with their
lived experiences they didn't come with
250,000 dollar checks and so they don't
deserve respect Orrin Hatch doesn't care
what they went through they're not
funding his campaign so what's the
difference
Susan Collins has she ever like had a
lobbying group give a million dollars to
her and say hey why are you putting so
much pressure and speech on me now she's
always been fine with that
it's just when it's real people then it
suddenly becomes an issue and then words
Matters you'd be the principal of the
elementary school cannot ever no matter
how horribly ill-behaved be bullied by a
kindergartner like do you know anything
just like the separation of power
matters here and they stopped and that's
it and that's what they're complaining a
break like that when I hear people other
maybe like it's so hard to be a man
right now it's so hard to be in these
positions that's what he's talking about
yeah that level of discomfort getting
into an elevator and it sounds
ridiculous i sound like i'm hyperbolized
but that's what they're talking about up
against the complete other side I mean
put yourself in the other person's shoes
the idea of being raped physically yeah
sexual violence versus these people are
buying an elevator will be arrested if
you put your witness over yeah yeah the
the whining they they said for days now
this man's life has been destroyed it's
ruined he'll never recover it looks like
tomorrow he's gonna get the Supreme
Court ruined forever and so I've been
saying quite a bit recently that I see
this as like the counter-attack to the
me2 movement and I hope that women come
back at them even stronger but at the
same time well amend need to be allies
in that we also need to engage in our
own war which is to fight this whiny
pathetic version
masculinity that the right has taken up
because it is helping to destroy this
country they are so convinced of their
own victimhood and that everybody's
attacking is the gay people are tagging
as the women are attacking us racial
minorities are attacking us when are
people gonna think about us who have had
control over the majority of the Earth's
surface for literally thousands of years
this pathetic weakness of the right when
it comes to masculinity is something
that we need to do something about
they're not going to fix themselves I
don't know I don't have a solution by
the way that's one be very clear about
that I don't know how we protect them
from themselves but we need to do
something on the left this job that they
keep acting like they're forced to be in
this meeting a senator is not prison
yeah that's true you get the DEP down
today Fona do fundraising that's what
they say that's what they cite as like
the most frustrating part of the job and
that's kind of what we're arguing and
trying to get money out of politics but
like they act like it's like this giant
terrible thing when you know the
alternative is just don't come don't
make those little calls like over the
years some of you don't even show up all
the time so I mean like you're allowed
to just not be there just go be a
mansion mansion for the cloture appeared
conveniently after both sides had voted
huh like after the initial roll call he
walked in and then was like uh let's
scoreboard all right I mean yes we can't
get rid of all of them but maybe we can
get rid of Ted Cruz at least that would
be nice okay please look we have to um
with siga break though when we come back
we have some other topic against sorry
you guys didn't keep the cloture vote
we're not gonna actually be broadcasting
okay when we get back I'm gonna talk to
you about climate change and also a look
into the social media power of Donald
Trump's activity on Twitter is he
actually changing hearts and minds after
this
