so over the last election cycle in 2016
Donald Trump had an unconventional media
strategy partly because he had to he
didn't have anywhere near as much money
as Hillary Clinton did and Hillary
Clinton would brag about it and she ran
a lot of TV ads but it didn't really
work and Donald Trump to his credit by
the way fair is fair had a very good
digital strategy and now look it's also
fair to point out that Trump allies did
in fact run a lot of fake news stories
then that's where Frank news came from
the pro Trump news stories that were
made up and and almost all supported
Donald Trump but on top of that he
layered a good smart digital strategy
buying a lot of ads online especially
with Facebook and again we found out
Cambridge analytical apparently did some
very unethical things to do those ads so
you can criticize him for that and I
hear you but it was smarter the idea to
go to digital and idea to make deals
with other media outlets than what
Hillary Clinton did and the proof is in
the pudding so but there's one other
element that related to television that
we didn't hear much about but after the
election in December of last year Jared
Kushner basically admitted what they did
was Sinclair broadcasting Sinclair is
the company that is in the news today
obviously because of the propaganda
they're forcing their anchors to read on
air so and is of course supportive of
Donald Trump
back then political had a story the
again December of 2016
where Kushner bragged about this he said
Donald Trump's campaign struck a deal
with Sinclair Broadcast Group during the
campaign to try and secure better media
coverage his son-in-law Jared Kushner
told business executives Friday in
Manhattan again that's back at that
point not this Friday
now Kushner said the agreement was
Sinclair which owns television stations
across the country in many swing states
and often packages news for their
affiliates to run gave them more access
to trump and the campaign according to
six people who heard his remarks in
exchange Sinclair would broadcast their
Trump interviews across the country
without commentary Kushner set outlook
Sinclair is brazen about
and they're obviously right-leaning and
they're happy to make this deal with
Trump but unfortunately it's a symptom
of a larger problem in the media which
is trading soft coverage for access in
this case they spelled it out
they just said we'll run whatever you're
saying and we won't question it we won't
comment on it in exchange you give us
access in the form of an interview now
if you're not really asking anything
interesting in the interview and the
whole point is to make sure that it runs
in all of your stations well that's not
really journalism obviously that's
propaganda and and it's free media tons
and tons of free media Kushner
highlighted this in clear and states
like Ohio reaches a much wider audience
around 250,000 listeners than networks
like CNN which reach somewhere around
30,000 people so this deal with Sinclair
helped them to surreptitiously get into
those local markets and reach far more
people than they would have done on
cable news it's not like cable news
didn't help Donald Trump that even 2
billion dollars of free media and the
primaries alone meanwhile of course
hardly covered Bernie Sanders at all in
2015 in the lead-up to the primaries
that's exactly when Donald Trump got the
billions of dollars of free media
coverage so he did the digital strategy
with deep unethical parts to it but also
smart not to pay a lot of money to TV
ads he got the free media from the cable
news anyway and then he did this
Sinclair deal on top by the way they
know once it hit the press and political
reporter Donner back then they admitted
to it
but Trump spokesman said the deal
included the in interviews running
across every affiliate but that no money
was exchanged between the network and
the campaign so another giant win for
Donald Trump in that he got all this for
free
now if Sinclair actually cared to do
news they would have done real
interviews but that's exactly why they
wouldn't I gotten them and in a lot of
ways a lot of the other press often does
go soft on power to get that access
and they think that it gives them good
ratings and Sinclair in this case also
says no no no we offered it to Hillary
Clinton too even if that were true it
certainly does not make it better
so what Sinclair is saying is will suck
up to any politician and not question
them at all and won't do any kind of
journalism as long as they give us
access that's a startling and disastrous
admission you just watch the video by
the young turks home of the revolution
if you'd like to get a lot more than
that get the full show by becoming a
member
TYT Network comm slash join
