tens of thousands of teachers in
Oklahoma decided to take a strike today
and March to Oklahoma City to protest to
state lawmakers and demand more in
funding for public education and also
higher pay increases for teachers and
also support personnel in public schools
now Oklahoma's republican-controlled
legislature last week approved the
state's first major tax increase in a
quarter century to help fund pay raises
for teachers hoping to avert this strike
with a 450 million dollar revenue
package but that 450 million dollar
revenue package was not enough to meet
the demands of these teachers and I will
say that their demands are now not
unreasonable or outrageous some of these
teachers haven't received a raise in a
decade now the funding would raise by
five thousand dollars the pay of
teachers starting out on their career
and provide a raise of nearly eight
thousand dollars for one with 25 years
worth of experience now teachers want
more they want at least $10,000 for
their raises and Oklahoma has ranked
very low when it comes to teacher
salaries they're at 48 followed by
Mississippi at 49 in South Dakota at 50
in terms of average u.s. classroom
teacher salary also inflation adjusted
general funding per student in Oklahoma
dropped by twenty eight point two
percent between 2008 and 2018 that's the
biggest cut of any state so some of
these students have incredibly outdated
books in fact some of the students who
spoke to press talked about how their
history books stopped at the 2008
election when Obama got elected
nothing's included after that their
science books are falling apart
the teachers have to spend whatever
little money that they make in their
salaries to provide materials for their
classrooms their classes are full / full
and so what they want is beyond
reasonable they just want enough funding
to provide a
in education for their students while
also being able to provide for their own
kids with the job that they have so if
you're wondering why they're not
accepting the raise offer first of all
is Anna pointed out to you guys over a
decade of not only stagnation in their
wages but decrease overall in education
cuts cuts cuts cuts cuts so we're not
starting from from the ground level here
this is after the devastating cuts of
coming to play second of all the minimum
salary the minimum salary for first year
teacher in Oklahoma is the lowest in the
country as thirty one thousand six
hundred dollars so I mean how can you
live on thirty one thousand six hundred
dollars I know that and you're a teacher
you're a professional this is not
supposed to be a minimum wage job by the
way that's almost exactly fifteen
dollars an hour and that's what the
minimum wage is and in a lot of the
bigger cities now and that's what
teachers in Oklahoma are starting at and
so their demands are not at all
unreasonable and some of them are in
such dire straits that they're thinking
of crossing the border to Kansas for a
better situation it's crazy and and
Kansas has devastated their education
budget but not as bad as Oklahoma has
why non-stop tax cuts for businesses
industry corporations a fossil fuel
industry they got to get their tax cuts
so what happens they gotta take it from
somewhere they could for date took it
from your kids so they were supposed to
be the iron mom when I was growing up
the Republicans were supposed to be the
part of equality of opportunity now I
know now it seems preposterous it seems
laughable no they're spitting in your
face and saying no I don't want your
kids to have the same chance as my kids
of course no way no way I'm gonna put my
kids in private school and you're gonna
be screwed and all I'm gonna do is
devastate the education budget because I
don't care about you
I just want our voters to do better I
really do and what I mean by that is I
want people to educate themselves and
actually vote for their best interests
because we're talking about red states
here right right now we're having a
discussion about Oklahoma West Virginia
had a teacher strike and luckily the
teachers got what they wanted and what
they needed and so I love the political
activism there but West Virginia another
red state Oklahoma red state Arizona and
Kentucky are now thinking about having
teacher strikes because of how
underfunded the public schools are and
how little the teachers are paid please
vote for people who actually have your
best interests in mind okay there might
be Republicans who think differently
than what we're seeing here right now
but for the most part what I see is
Republican lawmakers who want to
continue providing these tax cuts for
corporations and and just essentially
take any and all funding away from
government programs that help provide a
level playing field for everyone
education is supposed to provide a level
playing field for everyone so people
regardless of where they're born or how
they're born or what socioeconomic
status they're and have the ability to
pick themselves up by the bootstraps how
are people supposed to do that when
you're taking their opportunities away
and destroying their education last two
things it was supposed to trickle down
on you if supply-side economics that the
Republicans powdered since Ronald Reagan
worked so why did they cut the education
budget by 28 percent in just the last
decade in Oklahoma if all those tax cuts
for the rich was supposed to make your
life better why did it make your life
worse they never bother to explain that
right they stole from your kids to pay
for those tax cuts for the rich and for
corporations it's never gonna get better
it's not gonna work that way finally go
on strike go on strike if your teachers
and your underpaid and they cut you for
over a decade definitely do it the
reason that people in power freak out
over strikes is because they work you've
gotta hit them in their pocketbook it's
the only thing they ever care about it's
true in the public sector well oh my god
what am I gonna do these teachers are
not going to work and now that could
hurt my economy people are upset about
their kids etc and the private sector it
works even better but wait a minute that
affects my profits then all of a sudden
you got their attention I love that the
teachers have started this new wave of
strikes in the country you go get them
we
take one more break we'll be right back
if you become a member of the Young
Turks you'll be saying you know I'm like
a smart person so do it right now TYT
Network comm /join get the whole younger
so every day
