there are now massive protests in the
Gaza Strip people are pouring in towards
the border not past the border into it
into Israel the board is obviously
between Gaza Strip and Israel so they
are getting to about within 200 meters
or yards of the border no one is
actually crossed it and Israel has begun
to fire on them so I'm gonna give you
all the details here what has happened
why it's happened and and what my
perspective on it is at the end so the
Palestinian Health Ministry according to
the Washington Post said Monday that the
number of Palestinians killed Friday
rose to 18 after a 29 year old man died
of his injuries so 18 deaths already
which is significant given that it is a
protest okay
let's find out more the ministry has
said 758 people were wounded by live
fire on Friday a figure
disputed by Brigadier General Ronan Minh
Ellis who's an army spokesperson who
said he believes several dozen
Palestinians at most were wounded by
live rounds and the rest by tear gas and
rubber coated steel pellets now I want
you to notice that he's not saying that
750 people didn't get injured some
reports now have it up as to as high as
a thousand people he's saying no we shot
some of them with real bullets and
others we shot with tear gas and rubber
coated steel pellets that doesn't make
it dramatically better and it is
disputed by the Red Crescent and
Palestinian Health Ministry who say that
over 600 people with bullet wounds were
transported in ambulances so we're gonna
show you video in a second of the
shootings so you can make your own
assessment as to whether those folks
actually got shot and why they got shot
now let me give you more from the post
allegations of excessive force and
unlawful shootings were prompted by the
death toll Friday was the bloodiest day
in Gaza since the 2014 Israel Hamas war
and comments by military officials that
quote
the main instigators were targeted so
that's another really interesting
admission in a sense I know I'm not sure
they realize they're doing an admission
by the Israeli Defense Forces because
they were claiming and you'll see more
of this in a second that hey we're just
shooting people that we have to shoot
well the only people you're allowed to
shoot under international law are people
that are putting your life in imminent
threat but if you're saying no I'm
shooting the main instigators well then
you're saying you're picking out people
from a crowd that you'd like to shoot
and executing them so some of them get
shot in the legs that survived obviously
you can tell by the hundreds of people
who've gone to the hospital but some of
them are executed on the spot their dad
date and in one of the videos
unfortunately you'll see that as well
now the military's open fire policies
came under more scrutiny as amateur
videos emerged purportedly showing two
Palestinians being shot one killed and
one wounded while not posing any
apparent immediate threat to soldiers
now I'm going to show you those two
videos now obviously a warning here
because one of the folks here not only
gets shot but killed and but I've got to
show it to you so you understand what
this actually looks like and who's
telling the truth and it was not telling
the truth and whether this guy was about
to cause imminent harm to an Israeli
soldier let's watch
he died in case you couldn't tell the
border is the large brown mound in the
back he's running away from the border
he's got his back to the border Israeli
Defense Forces saying well earlier we
thought he was doing terrorist acts
first of all that's earlier you don't
get to execute people who you thought
might have been doing something wrong
earlier second of all so what are these
terrorist acts then you claim well he
was burning a tire spurting entire 200
yards away from the border that's what
we're calling terrorism now look look
I'll get into my take right now so first
off there were two guys at least it
appears there's Raley say this but it's
backed up to some degree by reporting on
the ground there were two guys who were
had open fire on the Israeli soldiers
that's a no-brainer
the soldiers are gonna fire back and
they got killed I don't think that's an
issue fired the soldiers is a terrible
idea they're trying to kill them
somebody fires that you get the fire
back so you put those two guys aside you
know Israel should look at all the
killings but that's gonna be a
relatively easy one okay but everyone
else they don't claim was firing at the
soldiers even the Israelis don't claim
they were firing at the soldiers they
say they were throwing rocks now the
Israelis are behind a giant mound okay
and they're 200 meters away if you get
closer they shoot you and kill you
so a guy is gonna throw a rock 200 yards
200 meters
and going to hurt an Israeli soldier so
badly that he thinks I gotta execute the
guy on the spot really and I know some
people are so blinded now because of the
rage involved in this controversy and
this endless conflict but they think oh
yeah yeah if anyone is trying to throw a
rock at me anything like that's two
football fields who can throw a rock
over over two football fields if
anybody's gonna try to throw a rock at
me in that distance I'm gonna execute
them I'm gonna shoot them dead and
that's justifiable and totally fine I
don't think they should throw rocks I
don't think they should burn tires it's
pointless
I think that they're almost there you've
got a mass demonstration there now I a
lot of people are not gonna agree with
me but I said this actually years ago
and they and they're now almost at a
point where they're doing that idea that
I talked about walk don't shoot don't
throw rocks don't burn tires don't do
anything but walk just walk forward now
that is what the Israelis are afraid of
and hence I think what they're trying to
do here is send a message if you walk we
will execute all of you so they've
executed 18 so far and say the two guys
shooting forget them 16 so I mean those
two guys shooting we're also human
beings but at it like I said over and
over I think that's justifiable okay now
I'm gonna show you one other guy who
they now they say these are all imminent
threats to them another guy who was shot
this guy didn't die but look at this
so-called imminent threat
now I know for the west because the
propaganda anytime you hear a Muslim say
Allah like bad people get scared all my
god was that mean it means God is great
I believe Christians believe that Jews
believe that and a lot of people believe
that it's just Arabic words for God is
great when you see Muslims praying I
know because the propaganda within the
West love you like whoa what are they
doing they're praying they're praying to
God like you do in church and that guy
got up from a prayer and was walking
back towards the encampment not towards
the border shot in the lake imminent
danger again there 200 meters away from
the border and the guys walking back
towards the encampment not towards the
border okay there's no imminent threat
here rights group said it is unlawful to
use lethal force when protesters don't
pose any man a threat they say that
because it is absolutely true according
to international law but one has the
right wing government of Israel ever
cared about international law so and
then they go I don't you know like in
the immortal words of Joe Scarborough
about why terrorists attacked the u.s.
they hate us because they hate us or
maybe they have an issue with getting
shot while walking away from you
but I'm sure no you don't want to do any
self-reflection that would be a
left-wing idea to do self reflection
hey what can we do to fix the situation
are you liberals trying to solve things
No see if you can execute your way out
of this mess you've been trying it for
70 years now has a work yet now the
Israel says soldiers follow strict rules
of engagement but would not say in which
cases they used lethal force so we kind
of follow rules but we're not going to
tell you what rules and when so how did
all of these protests begin in the first
place the idea for the mass marches was
first floated by a Gaza social media
activists several months ago and was
later adopted by Hamas which seized
power in Gaza in 2007 so again I think
the idea as long as they keep it
nonviolent is brilliant a mass of people
saying with this border is not
legitimate it's not to go inside in
Israel do any damage if you ask me what
I would do is
I would cross the border I'd go a
hundred yards and then walk back it is
not to say we're staying now
they don't necessarily agree with me on
that point of view I'm going to tell you
what what their point here is in a
second but Israel has left them very
very little choices we'll talk about
that as well let me give you more
context thousands had marched to the
border at the start of a six-week
protests dubbed the great march of
return that's what they're calling this
Palestinians have pitched five camps
near the border for the protest they are
demanding that refugees be allowed to
return to homes that are now in Israel
and there's five encampments you can see
on a map across the border and a great
number of people have now showed up in
Friday's March the poster says thousands
of Palestinians Israel estimated turnout
of 35,000 people headed towards the
border area along several points so this
is as much of a mass protest as I have
perhaps ever seen certainly in this area
now to the BBC they report the great
march of return protests started on
Friday as of March 30th marks the land
day which commemorates the killing of
six protesters by Israeli security
forces during demonstrations over land
confiscation in 1976 now that was a day
of outrage back in 1976 18 people just
died three times as much but
unfortunately the Palestinians have
gotten used to the deaths but here there
of course fighting back in largely
nonviolent ways the great overwhelming
majority of the 35,000 have done nothing
violent whatsoever now there's the
picture of the Israeli soldiers they
claim an imminent threat as someone
might throw a rock 200 yards away from
that Enki that bunker right there which
which is of course the border the
protest is scheduled to end on May 15th
which Palestinians called a knock Baath
or the catastrophe and which marks the
displacement of hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians during the conflict
surrounding the creation of Israel in
1948 and of course both sides have their
different histories about who was at
fault and who attacked first and so the
Palestinians will say well we live there
and then they said it was now it
and and then conflict arose and and we
were driven out Israelis will say the UN
said we were Israel and and then they
attacked us out of the blue there's
elements of absurdity to all sides of
the story okay and by the way that's the
same Israel that now is saying the UN we
should never listen the UN if they
condemn us it's because they're all
anti-semites and always set against
Israel if they were always set against
Israel why did they vote to create
Israel in the first place interesting
question anyway Gaza's continued border
closure has made it increasingly
difficult for Hamas to govern as the
post explains life in the coastal strip
has deteriorated further in recent
months with rising unemployment grinding
poverty and daily blackouts that last
for hours so understand what's happening
Israel and Egypt their ally have closed
the borders to the Gaza Strip for over a
decade they say we're not going to let
anything in or out without our
permission and so it is basically the
world's largest open-air prison it
houses two million people they do not
control their own land they do not
control their own borders and it's if
Israel wants to prevent weapons from
coming in that's understandable
but they are they've extended the
blockade to everything else and they
have to request that things be allowed
in and then Israel gets to make the
decision the Palestinians are not free
people they are not allowed to make
their own decisions so and in that
embargo those two million people how the
world are you gonna get a job it's
amazing that there's any employment in
Gaza Strip they're closed off from the
rest of the world in this giant open-air
prison occupied and there's never any
relief so if there is violence they go
to war there's been three different wars
between Israel and the hamas-controlled
Gaza Strip if there is no violence
there's no reward it now they do a
protest and then there's executions and
then they go to the UN the Palestinians
do though
Mahmoud Abbas and the Palestinian
Authority that controls a West Bank a
different part of the Palestinian
territories goes to the UN and asked for
statehood and is the Israeli right-wing
says how dare are you well wait a minute
they can't seek a diplomatic solution
they apparently can't seek a peaceful
solution they can't seek a violent
solution that makes sense
and then some people say well alright
let's seek an economic solution
divestment at the BDS movement they go
how dare you you monsters so you can't
do economics you can't do politics you
can't do diplomacy you can't do anything
what can you do when is this ever going
to end how long are these people going
to be occupied before we realize that it
isn't working
it isn't keeping Israel safer and it's
certainly not a way for human beings to
live so I have unfortunately more
context here so now we move to Hamas
Hamas the militant group that has
controlled the Gaza Strip since 2007
does not recognize Israel's right to
exist but last year said it was ready to
accept an interim Palestinian state
limited to Gaza and the West Bank
now Hamas plays this ridiculous game
where they say no we we don't think is
real exist you might think that you
might not think that it's entirely
irrelevant because Israel does in fact
exist they're the ones shooting at you
they're the ones that control your
borders what is this crazy game where
you say I know I don't think they exist
now they think that that's a clever
negotiation strategy and there in that
quote you see from The Washington Post
they have signaled that they are willing
in negotiations to say that Israel does
in fact exist it is a terrible
negotiation strategy the right way in
Israel then goes see they don't even
recognize our right to exist but you
don't recognize their right to exist
that's why you're occupying them one
side it's theoretical the other side is
incredibly real I can't stand either one
of those games I think Hamas is totally
wrong in that strategy is smile honey a
senior political leader for Hamas
furthermore says there is no alternative
to Palestine and no solution except to
return
- meaning to return to Israel proper and
get their homes back I know a lot of
Palestinians feel deeply that that is
the right and moral solution and they
are not going to like what I'm gonna say
next
that is totally unrealistic there might
be a in negotiations some symbolic right
to return for a couple of grandmothers
and grandfathers but you're not going to
return millions of people into Israel
proper it's just not gonna happen we
need to have a negotiated solution we
must end the occupation but the
alternative cannot be unrealistic
solutions I know that's you're supposed
to hammer this out of negotiations but
they won't do negotiations now Israel
says the Palestinians won't the
Palestinians say Israel won't but you
asked even US representatives like John
Kerry or Secretary of State and it is
exceedingly clear even though the u.s.
is a massive ally of Israel it is
exceedingly clear from their comments
that it is the right we're not all of
Israel it is the right wing government
of Israel that currently occupies power
that has no interest in negotiations
they now they're talking about to state
some are saying in Israel in the right
wing know not to stay one state we just
occupy them forever something maybe
we'll just even take that land and we'll
expand our settlements further and
further and further because now you have
fundamentalist religious zealots on the
Muslim side but you also now have
fundamentalist religious cells on the
Israeli side who say God promised it to
me 2500 years ago and Yahweh says it's
mine so I don't care about your family
they're in my way and and this brutal
occupation continues and continues now
we got a Major General al Zamir for
Israel he says we are identifying
attempts to carry out terror attacks
under the camouflage of riots but wait
you just told me there's 35,000 people
there and I saw the pictures I saw the
videos 35,000 people are not rioting
there are definitely some people
throwing rocks in and and and the tires
as I explained but not all 35,000 not
even the majority not even close to the
overwhelming majority so it is largely a
protest a peaceful protest
so the terrorism is disguised in the
form of riot and disguise in the form of
a protest well if you can't protest what
can you do nothing nothing just bow your
head and accept the occupation that
appears to be the right-wing Israeli
position they say that a hundred meter
wide area in Gaza long defense had been
defined as a no-go zone in reality it is
about 200 meters and a no-go zone does
not mean you get to execute everybody in
it but that apparently is their
interpretation earlier on Friday in a
separate incident by the way this is you
saw the dangerous guys in the video well
this guy apparently even more dangerous
earlier on Friday and a separate
incident a Palestinian farmer identified
as armored some more 27 years old was
killed by an Israeli tank show while he
was working his field before dawn in
southern Gaza the Palestinian Health
Ministry said and there are witnesses to
it you know how far his farm is from the
border
one kilometer he's not even in the
protest he was farming well maybe what
he was farming some dangerous stuff so
let's find out yes there's some more a
relative of the farmer killed by a show
armour some were said Armour was
harvesting parsley before dawn in hopes
of selling it fresh in the market later
in the day parsley they fired a tank
shell you thought you're an imminent
danger from a guy one kilometer away
planting parsley and you just had to
kill him this is not good for anybody
they have to find a way to end this
occupation look it is super easy for me
to say sitting in a comfortable studio
that they should walk because a lot of
them will die but it would be the
bravest thing I have ever seen way
smarter and way braver than an act of
violence a suicide bombing oh that is
absolutely pointless immoral and
counterproductive but if 35,000 people
are more walked to the border and they
stated their intention that we're not
going to
oh and just occupy Israel how would the
hell would they argue by Israel anyway
they have no weapons if they said state
of their attentions to simply
symbolically cross that border or in
areas where there's a wall yeah to tear
down the wall and if they declared ahead
of time mr. Netanyahu tear down that
wall and they went and did it it would
be amazing but they must they must keep
it nonviolent if they keep it nonviolent
and the Israeli Defense Forces start
executing them in masse they will lose
the world at some point I know how many
resolutions have been passed against
Israel I know the United Nations has
been relatively clear I know that the
United States is an immovable object and
they will block every vote in the United
Nations that has any force but at some
point the entire world saying enough has
got to make a difference for God's sake
do not do violence this is an amazing
protest if you can and like I said I I
don't know that I would do it and it
would take extraordinary courage walk to
the border what you just watched was one
of the videos that we do today but we
actually do a whole two-hour show every
single day it's a podcast you could
watch it a video or listen to it as
audio you can download it you can stream
it and you get a completely ad free if
you could become a member of the Young
Turks TYT Network comm /join
