Ronald Kessler was speaking the Jake
Tapper over the weekend on CNN's State
of the Union and Kessler was coming out
with a book soon in fact it's coming up
tomorrow called the Trump White House
changing the rules of the game and
during his interview he had some
interesting things to say about
Kellyanne Conway take a look at the
White House she forgot that she was on
the record and she started lashing into
Reince Priebus she said the most mean
cutting and obviously untrue things
about riots and I didn't include them in
the book because they were so unfair
she also led into Jordan and Ivanka
saying that that they leaked against the
abandon and I know that White House
aides have seen texts that she is sent
to other German journalists dissing her
colleagues leaking material so if you
wonder you know why there are so many
leaks out of the White House one reason
is Kellyanne is the number-one leaker so
that was an interesting statement
because when I really think about it
whenever there are leaks
they're never negative toward Kellyanne
Conway they're usually negative toward
other people so I could totally believe
that she's one of the biggest leakers
also her husband has been quietly
attempting to delete some of her his
critical tweets toward Trump and that's
that's a curious move on his part but
Kellyanne Conway spoke to Fox and
dismissed claims that she's the number
one leaker but my prediction is not only
is she the number one leaker she will be
gone very soon it's already begun the
seed has been planted I like that you
doing a prediction Anna I as soon as I
heard this I was like that makes sense
so I don't know why it's coming out now
so maybe the daggers are out for her
she's obviously out for a communications
director that's why other people might
now be leaking yes sir having been the
victims of her leaks but I actually
think if she is the leaker that's
awesome okay that's a positive for
Kellyanne Conway I didn't realize
existed and her husband is Conway Twitty
because
as been tweeting like a madman actually
against Trump he says no no no I support
the president I support my wife with
sports president but he's got a funny
way of showing it so there's some chance
that the Conway's are secretly not big
fans of Trump so it's a twofer
I mean and the main thing it twofer with
a leak against their enemies and our
secret like get out get out make sure
you get him out but the main thing that
he leaked was it's impossible he
supported someone else writing it's
impossible to work for Donald Trump
because he makes people who work for him
say something and then changes his mind
and throws him under the bus that's
right gee I wonder who he's talking
about mm-hmm drums if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network comm slash join
