Sinclair Broadcast Group is
right-leaning group to say the least
it was the most of on television
stations in America and they recently
put out a memo to their staff saying you
must read the well of course they didn't
call probably I know but that is exactly
what it is as you'll see in a minute the
news stories that we give you now these
stories almost all support Donald Trump
and his politics
and in this one particular case they
actually talk about fake news or what
they're calling fake stories and they're
trying to say that the rest of the media
is biased now they're getting the media
to devour itself they are forcing their
local news anchors and these are what
are called must runs I'll explain more
about that in a second they're forcing
their local news anchors to tell you to
not trust the news that's amazing
this is one of the most audacious
examples of propaganda I have ever seen
in any country so Deadspin did a
wonderful job of splicing together the
different local newscasts throughout the
country and again remember Sinclair owns
more TV stations than anyone else in the
country and they're about to do a merger
where they buy even more 40 more
stations so this is the propaganda
they're putting out all across the
country they make all their anchors say
this now watch
I am Fox and antonio's Jessica Headley
and I'm Ryan Wolfe our greatest
responsibility is to serve our Treasure
Valley communities deal pass a Las
Cruces communities Eastern Iowa
communities mid Michigan communities we
are extremely proud of the quality
balanced journalism that CBS 4 News
produces but
plaguing our country the sharing of
biased and false news has become all too
common on social media more alarming
some media outlets publish the same fake
stories without checking facts first the
sharing of biased and this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous
to our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy this is
extremely dangerous to our democracy
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy indeed it definitely is so
we find out a lot of things through this
one issue and and how Sinclair has done
this and this is not the only issue that
they've done right-wing propaganda I'll
give you some examples in a second as
well again if you wanna watch the full
link and the full article click down
below to dead spins original article on
this they did a wonderful job with this
I can't commend them enough for putting
that video together so number one we see
political correctness here now you might
think political correctness is a term
used to say that you shouldn't state
offensive things no that's a twisting of
the phrase used here in America by the
right-wing political correctness was
something that was literal and actually
both the fascist Germans otherwise known
as the Nazis and the Soviets under
Stalin used the phrase political
correctness they would tell not only
people in government but people in news
you are not allowed to report what you
think is factually correct you must
report things that are politically
correct so the government has an opinion
that is the correct opinion and you'll
report it as such there's never been a
better example of it than what you just
saw again the right-wing does projection
they accuse the left-wing of political
correctness and the minute they have an
opportunity they define the phrase they
do it so over-the-top that you don't
need any other examples of it okay so
it's political correctness it's clearly
propaganda but it's a devastating second
part that people are not talking about
which is that this is exposes local news
for the actors that they are and
unfortunately that's true in all the TV
stations burgundy will read anything put
in the prompter so here you see and
that's why I call television news
anchors news actors we don't have a
prompter here there they put it in the
prompter and sometimes it's real news
people who work really hard oftentimes
it is to produce a story and then put it
in the prompter and then the anchor
reads it a lot of those anchors worked
in the past in the field and gathered up
enough expertise to become anchors some
of them just looked the part and they
got promoted up for different a variety
of reasons right but as you see that you
realize oh with the different
intonations and the different delivery
the differing acting schools they went
to in a sense and that's what these
consultants of their local TV stations
do they come in and they teach people
that are supposed to be in news how to
act the news and then some of the
concern faces if you notice it is
dangerous to our democracy now don't get
the wrong idea a lot of the people who
did this they're not at fault
it's
bosses who literally ordered them to
read it and it is deeply embarrassing to
them but someone writes the script in
this case it is this group that is
admittedly right-wing and clearly
supports Donald Trump in other cases
it's other people writing this script
but what you see on television
unfortunately is overwhelmingly fake now
more specifically to this problem
obviously some people who worked as
Sinclair and a ton of local news people
of course have because once again
they're the largest TV group in the
country
and people who currently work there are
deeply dismayed by what's happened so
first let's go to Bill Mulligan he used
to work at Sinclair Broadcast Group he
now works at a different station in Los
Angeles he said they were awful and I
would never work for them again what
they're doing now is ridiculous
propaganda and it's an embarrassment to
the profession I feel for my former
colleagues being forced to read this
garbage so he is obviously very clear
but it's easier for him to say that
because he doesn't get a paycheck from
them right now and you know you might
think oh people on TV make a lot of
money and I cable news they generally
speaking do but at local news especially
in the smaller and midsize markets they
do not make a lot of money Ben
mankiewicz who's on this show started in
local news and made $19,000 in his first
job in Charleston South Carolina and
that is not abnormal and the prices have
not gone up very much since then and so
it is hard for them to let go of that
paycheck it's easy for us sitting here
to say they shouldn't do it but then
they are going to suffer economic
devastation and already their salaries
are incredibly low in most of the
markets that you just saw okay now let's
go to a current employee at Sinclair he
says it sickens me the way this company
is encroaching upon trusted news brands
in rural markets as you can tell I'm a
little skeptical about the trusted news
brands part I think local news often
does a lot of preposterous things and I
don't know why they speak the way that
they do
the number of ambulances have doubled
but so of the number of accidents why
are you talking like that but for the
people who did work hard and there are
plenty of them there are thousands of
people who worked hard too and actually
care about the news and that's why they
went into the profession now in order to
receive a check-in to restate your job
you must read this propaganda and yes
that of course is deeply troubling
an anonymous local anchor continues that
he feels bad because they're seeing
these people they've trusted for decades
tell them things that they know are
essentially propaganda now they
literally had a former RT employee a
Russia Today employee help with one of
these stories on Sinclair that was then
broadcast all throughout the country
they do two different things one is they
do this prepackaged pieces which they
forced the local stations to run they
own them right they're not really news
but they're put in to the news shows the
second thing is they force the anchors
to read them like you just saw in that
video now III don't care that they use
the former RT employee that's not that
interesting to me but in the midst of
that Newsweek reported that Columbia
Journalism Review had described Russia
today as quote the Kremlin's propaganda
outlet well you know I've talked about
this in the case of RT and Al Jazeera
people are right when I criticize them
and say hey they're owned by Russia in
the case of Russia today and Qatar in
the case of Al Jazeera and so you should
be wary especially if they're talking
about those particular countries or
their agendas I think that both outlets
have at times done very good journalism
and at times have done propaganda no
question about it
now how about the people that owned our
stations see that's uncomfortable so
people don't like to talk about that do
employees at Comcast support positions
of Comcast's to say 99% of the time is
probably a bit of an understatement
and the same is true of Time Warner and
Disney and Sinclair now in this case
is it fair to say that it is the US
government the Trump administration's
propaganda outlet well you just saw it
with your own eyes it's more than fair
so we throw a lot of stones in America
at foreign outlets and I understand why
and oftentimes I agree but we should
also be aware that we live in a glass
house and in the case of Sinclair a very
transparent glass house as we all see
now now let me go to another Sinclair
Broadcast Group employee he says this is
about whether they have the option to
run them or not and we if you're under
some illusion that these news anchors
can say whatever they want and if they
see that copy go well that's not really
new so I'm not reading it because I'm a
news professional let me unfortunately
get rid of that notion in your head
through this employee that says that
they have a quote from him or a memo
from him
and hear this he says let me be
absolutely clear here these and it's
capitalized all caps must run if they do
not my job is on the line I don't say
that to scare you by any means but I do
say this so you understand how serious
sinclair broadcasting group is about
this project
propaganda 101 now the boss is pleased
and of course by the boss in this case I
mean Donald Trump who they are serving
so Trump tweets out in their defense so
funny to watch fake news networks among
the most dishonest groups of people I
have ever dealt with criticize Sinclair
broadcasting for being biased Sinclair
is far superior to CNN II and even more
fake NBC which is a total joke okay well
this is ironic Trump talks about fake
news tells his allies they should call
other stations fake news st. Clair does
a report about how all the other media
does fake stories to help Donald Trump
and Trump comes out and tweets and goes
well look at outright Sinclair is there
not the biased ones you guys are the
biased ones for running fake news so
it's a self-perpetuating
proper
and a cycle and this is how brainwashing
is done on a mass scale finally I want
to go to this report from Newsweek to
give you context on what else they're
doing
among the must runs Sinclair forces on
his stations our commentary from former
advisor to president Donald Trump Boris
Epstein some of em shines latest bottom
line with Boris segments including a
story that criticizes the March for our
lives demonstrations against gun
violence at a place on why the White
House is high turnover rate isn't
necessarily a bad thing and the list
goes on and on
Sebastian Gorka one of the top defenders
of the president often goes and does
these news segments on Sinclair
broadcasting group he literally did one
on the deep state so look there are
actual deep states in different
countries at different times but now
there is a conspiracy theory among the
right that there's deep state planning
to do a literal violent coup of
President Trump Alex Jones says they're
gonna drop a two thousand pound bomb on
the White House so these kind of lunatic
conspiracy theories Sinclair
broadcasting group puts in a nice little
package has the president's former
advisers Gorka and Epstein read them and
then they put it into the news hours in
all of those different outlets all
across the country it is getting the
media to attack itself it's almost a
forced mass media suicide and yes over
there they look it looked like a hostage
video but that is what they do they read
what's in the prompter in the case of
Sinclair broadcasting group if you don't
know which of your stations and your
market is one look it up it's very easy
to find out just google it you'll know
which ones they are and be wary of what
they're reading off the prompter because
it was written by political hatchet men
for Donald Trump what you just watched
was one of the videos that we do today
but we actually do a whole two-hour show
every single day it's a podcast you
could watch it a video or listen to it
as audio you can download it you can
stream it you can get it completely ad
free if you could
a member of the Young Turks TYT Network
comm /join
