congratulations America you have a new
challenge on YouTube some of these could
be incredibly positive the ice bucket
challenge raised millions upon millions
of dollars for charity this one is not
in that category this is apparently a
challenge related to condoms there's no
way this story ends well so let's get
started first of all this the Sacramento
Bee writing here educators are warning
about a condom challenge being spread
online by YouTube videos in social media
when educators are warning you pass
something okay that involves condoms
watch out all right so I was thinking
condom challenge what are they gonna do
with it
uh-oh all right here we go buckle up
brace for impact
also known as the quote snorting condom
challenge or condoms snorting challenge
mm-hmm wow that is very different how
you phrase those two things anyway the
fat actually dates back several years
but has recently gone viral
again educators say thrilling an idea as
bad as condom sorting has gone viral
again all right now a different condom
challenge they explained made the rounds
back in 2015
involving videos of water filled condoms
being dropped on people's heads
drenching them reported the debrief okay
have your pick of disastrous condom
challenge ideas can you imagine having a
condom filled with water dropped on your
head how that didn't lead to several
shootings in America I will never know
and thank God for that that everybody
was okay but that's a terrible idea only
matched by an even worse idea which is
this condom sorting thing now different
news stories have this dating back to
2013 and some as early as 2007 YouTube
has been trying to delete a lot of those
videos because they are in fact a
dangerous idea so but nonetheless let me
give you more important context on this
story the challenge involves snorting an
unwrapped condom up one nostril we're
already having fun then pulling the
condom from the throat out the mouths
reported news week participants
typically then post a video of the
completed challenge to YouTube
well of course if you don't show people
yourself snorting
condoms on YouTube did it really happen
okay
you already lost me on the snorting part
but when it goes through the throat and
that plastic can get stuck that seems
like a particularly bad idea okay but
they have to clarify so the Sacramento
Bee says snorting a condom up your nose
not only poses a choking hazard but also
puts you at risk for allergic reactions
and infections reports Forbes Forbes had
to report that but if any degree of
sense can tell that if you snort a
condom through your nose and out your
mouth it could get stuck in your throat
and pose a choking hazard I'm less
worried about the allergies but if
you've got condom allergies
I wouldn't snort it okay they then
further bothered to ask an expert Bruce
Lee yes his name is actually Bruce Lee
he said this guy's a professor okay they
went and talked to a professor anyway
even if you managed to successfully
pulled a condom out through your mouth
inhaling a condom up your nose would be
very uncomfortable and potentially quite
painful yes as I said earlier he is a
professor and I love his last line here
he says would it really be worth all
that just to get more likes and views
and the resounding answer to that by the
world was yes okay now I disagree I
don't think that's right way to get
views and we did once to a Harlem shake
on The Young Turks
we will not be snorting any condoms here
I think that it's a disastrous idea as I
guess the oldest partner of YouTube here
at the Young Turks it is my job as
grandpa J to say get off my lawn in
other words don't do that that's a
really bad idea you can get really hurt
and no it is not worth the likes and
views although apparently children
across America disagree if you like this
video
bless your heart we got a lot more where
that came from we do a full show every
day Monday through Friday come enjoy
ad-free by becoming a member
TYT Network
dot-com /join
